There is a funky dance going on right now between chip giants Intel and nVIDIA and I just want to cut through the crap and tell you that no matter what the companies are saying it is likely to end with nVIDIA being purchased by Intel .
Both parties know it and the only thing that has n’t been determined yet is the price , which is what all this posturing is about .
Intel this week cancelled Larrabee , its proposed graphics processing unit ( GPU ) that was intended to compete with both nVIDIA and ATi ( now a part of AMD ) .
The moment AMD bought ATi Intel had to decide whether to build or buy its own GPU to stay in contention .
They decided to build , or at least said they had .
It ’s hard to say how viable Larrabee ever was but at some point it turned from a weapon against nVIDIA to a barrier to Intel buying nVIDIA .
So Larrabee had to go , because without that chip Intel presents a much less imposing target for the Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission which might oppose a merger on anti-trust grounds .
With Larrabee , Intel could be seen as crushing a major rival .
Without Larrabee , Intel is just trying to enter a new market .
Intel wants nVIDIA not just for its GPU ’s but also for its mobile chips .
Mobile is a big part of the future of computing yet Intel in 2006 cancelled its business aimed at handset makers , writing - off $ 5 billion in the process .
Remember that ?
Despite attempting to back - in to the market again with its upcoming Moorestown post - Atom low - power processors , what Intel would really like are nVidia ’s superior Tegra AXP chips aimed at mobile phones and media players .
Ironically nVIDIA did n’t even design the Tegra processors , which it bought a couple years ago with Portal Player .
Intel had to do something the minute AMD bought ATi .
Now with Larrabee gone Intel has no real choice but to buy another company to remain in contention .
The only such company available is nVIDIA .
Notice how Intel has been making a serious effort lately to settle the anti-trust cases pending against it , especially with AMD , to which Intel is paying $ 1.25 billion .
Yet against nVIDIA , the legal action actually appears to be heating - up .
Why would Intel hold an olive branch for all the others yet still oppose nVIDIA ?
Again it is to drive down the price of an eventual acquisition and Intel has nothing to fear from an nVIDIA legal case if its actual intention is to buy the company , retiring the lawsuit .
But the action is not all coming from Intel .
Last month nVIDIA announced they were suspending development of chipsets for new Intel processors .
Later we read that nVIDIA was going to release a chipset for Intel ’s Lynnfield processors only to have Intel question the validity of nVIDIA ’s license to the Intel ’s Direct Media Iinterconnect ( MDI ) technology , which connects Lynnfield processors to the chipset .
Both companies are talking tough and so far nVIDIA has not released a product that supports Intel ’s Core i7 or Core i5 processors , yet without Larrabee Intel really needs that support no matter how much they fume .
Meanwhile nVIDIA has its own Ion low - power System - on - Chip for portable Internet devices and , inspired by AMD / ATi’s Fusion forthcoming CPU / GPU hybrid , nVIDIA has been working on a similar chip of its own .
Intel was , too , with Larrabee , but now that ’s over .
Intel could effectively block the nVIDIA hybrid processor through the MDI licensing ploy , above , and doing just that would have worked to the advantage of both Intel and AMD while Larrabee was still viable .
I suspect this may have been a big part of Intel ’s reason for settling the AMD anti-trust suit .
It may have been part of their argument to AMD , too , about why the smaller company ought to settle at this time , because doing so would remove an nVIDIA threat .
The big question is whether Intel knew even then that Larrabee was doomed ?
If they did , then the real plan was for Intel to absorb the nVIDIA hybrid processor and make it its own , which they can effectively do now that AMD has promised not to testify against Intel under any circumstances as part of their legal settlement .
That would be Intel turning the tables yet again on AMD , which may have been suckered .
If this reads like a huge conspiracy theory that ’s because it is .
But sometimes conspiracy theories are true .
There is a funky dance going on right now between chip giants Intel and nVIDIA and I just want to cut through the crap and tell you that no matter what the companies are saying it is likely to end with nVIDIA being purchased by Intel .
Both parties know it and the only thing that has n’t been determined yet is the price , which is what all this posturing is about .
Intel this week cancelled Larrabee , its proposed graphics processing unit ( GPU ) that was intended to compete with both nVIDIA and ATi ( now a part of AMD ) .
The moment AMD bought ATi Intel had to decide whether to build or buy its own GPU to stay in contention .
They decided to build , or at least said they had .
It ’s hard to say how viable Larrabee ever was but at some point it turned from a weapon against nVIDIA to a barrier to Intel buying nVIDIA .
So Larrabee had to go , because without that chip Intel presents a much less imposing target for the Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission which might oppose a merger on anti-trust grounds .
With Larrabee , Intel could be seen as crushing a major rival .
Without Larrabee , Intel is just trying to enter a new market .
Intel wants nVIDIA not just for its GPU ’s but also for its mobile chips .
Mobile is a big part of the future of computing yet Intel in 2006 cancelled its business aimed at handset makers , writing - off $ 5 billion in the process .
Remember that ?
Despite attempting to back - in to the market again with its upcoming Moorestown post - Atom low - power processors , what Intel would really like are nVidia ’s superior Tegra AXP chips aimed at mobile phones and media players .
Ironically nVIDIA did n’t even design the Tegra processors , which it bought a couple years ago with Portal Player .
Intel had to do something the minute AMD bought ATi .
Now with Larrabee gone Intel has no real choice but to buy another company to remain in contention .
The only such company available is nVIDIA .
Notice how Intel has been making a serious effort lately to settle the anti-trust cases pending against it , especially with AMD , to which Intel is paying $ 1.25 billion .
Yet against nVIDIA , the legal action actually appears to be heating - up .
Why would Intel hold an olive branch for all the others yet still oppose nVIDIA ?
Again it is to drive down the price of an eventual acquisition and Intel has nothing to fear from an nVIDIA legal case if its actual intention is to buy the company , retiring the lawsuit .
But the action is not all coming from Intel .
Last month nVIDIA announced they were suspending development of chipsets for new Intel processors .
Later we read that nVIDIA was going to release a chipset for Intel ’s Lynnfield processors only to have Intel question the validity of nVIDIA ’s license to the Intel ’s Direct Media Iinterconnect ( MDI ) technology , which connects Lynnfield processors to the chipset .
Both companies are talking tough and so far nVIDIA has not released a product that supports Intel ’s Core i7 or Core i5 processors , yet without Larrabee Intel really needs that support no matter how much they fume .
Meanwhile nVIDIA has its own Ion low - power System - on - Chip for portable Internet devices and , inspired by AMD / ATi’s Fusion forthcoming CPU / GPU hybrid , nVIDIA has been working on a similar chip of its own .
Intel reportedly was , too , with Larrabee , but now that ’s over .
Intel could effectively block the nVIDIA hybrid processor through the MDI licensing ploy , above , and doing just that would have worked to the advantage of both Intel and AMD while Larrabee was still viable .
I suspect this may have been a big part of Intel ’s reason for settling the AMD anti-trust suit .
It may have been part of their argument to AMD , too , about why the smaller company ought to settle at this time , because doing so would remove an nVIDIA threat .
The big question is whether Intel knew at the time that Larrabee was doomed ?
If they did , then the real plan was for Intel to absorb the nVIDIA hybrid processor and make it its own , which they can effectively do now that AMD has promised not to testify against Intel under any circumstances as part of their legal settlement .
That would be Intel turning the tables on AMD , which may have been suckered .
If this reads like a huge conspiracy theory that ’s because it is .
But sometimes conspiracy theories are true .
All pictures www.Shot2Bits.net.
Metallica Live
O2 Arena , Greenwich , London
Question : how do you know when you 're the biggest rock band in the world ?
Answer :
When your intimate , fan only album launch party is a completely packed Millennium dome ?
Perhaps .
Maybe a better indicator is when even famously conservative philosophers start name - checking you as the only rock band they listen to as a break from the Beethoven and Mahler .
Roger Scruton is one of the world 's best known living philosophers and is very much aligned with conservatism here and in America , where he lectures .
On the face of it perhaps he is n't the first person you 'd imagine saying : " I have actually been listening to quite a bit of heavy metal lately , and Metallica , I think , is genuinely talented .
Master of Puppets I think has got something genuinely both poetic – violently poetic – and musical . "
( Read Roger Scruton 's comments on Metallica here . )
When you add this to the fact that Scruton ( double props on him picking out Master as his favourite ) has previously laid into the tediousness of The Verve , R.E.M. and Oasis with pleasing vigour and vim , we can only applaud his taste in music if not warming entirely to his general world view .
Of course perhaps it should n't come as too much of a surprise ...
Scruton , as the author of Animal Rights and Wrongs and a vocal defender of fox hunting , would perhaps find himself welcome on one of James Hetfield 's Russian bear hunting trips .
In fact , his first ever published work , Art and Imagination ( 1974 ) , shows that he would have much to talk about with diminutive but effervescent sticksman and modern art collector Lars Ulrich .
But he has much to bond him to the band , not the least Scruton 's love of music ( his book The Aesthetics Of Music , several works on Wagner and the fact he is a composer himself ) .
And what is heavy metal but the logical progression of Wagner with all of its bass - heavy bombast , pride in virtuosity and technical skill ; as well as sturm und drang ?
Like the band , he is a thirsty man and regularly waxes lyrical about his love of booze in The World Of Fine Wine magazine and New Statesman .
And the shock haired thinker has also had his fair share of controversy concerning intoxicating substances .
One of Scruton 's business ventures was working for a consulting firm advising one of the world 's biggest ciggie firms , Japan Tobacco International .
In 2002 he was lambasted by The Guardian after asking the tobacco peddlers for a grand a month for getting them into several papers including The Times , The Telegraph , The FT , the Indie and The Wall Street Journal .
As a result of the disclosure The FT dropped his column , ' This Land ' like a hot brick .
One would presume that they share his disdain for ' manufactured ' pop music .
Scruton was once successfully sued by the Pet Shop Boys for claiming : " serious doubts arise as to whether the performers made more than a minimal contribution to the recording . "
Whatever .
We at The Quietus find it as good an indicator of their dominance as anything else .
Metallica have pretty much found the philosopher 's stone ( or the philosopher 's rock or the philosopher 's stadium metal ) in their career .
They are so big they can weather any storms such as the recording of the mainly despised St Anger and the bizarre , if understandable , move of suing their own fans for illegally downloading their music .
The first of these things is referred to in a droll manner by Hetfield , the imposing looking Dane fronting the band .
" This is from the well loved St Anger album .
Say what you will - this still kicks ass " , he laughs as he introduces ' Frantic ' .
And it does .
This evening of " fan favourites " is super loud and super tight , hyping the capacity crowd of the devoted up to feverishness .
They are still obviously quite annoyed with the internet however and he seems less relaxed when he barks at us to put our phones and cameras away : " You can call your mum later man .
Some shitty little two inch square blob on YouTube is not going to make you famous .
Just enjoy this moment man . "
Well , while they 're playing ' Of Wolf And Man ' it 's quite easy to do this .
One hopes that Mr Scruton is up in the gods somewhere spurred into mental action about nature versus nurture by the song .
Other highlights out of an excellent set are ' That Was Just Your Life ' the opening salvo from their ' return to form ' album Death Magnetic ; the always mighty and , dare one say it , philosophical rumination of the sheer bastardry of the transience of life culled from John Donne via Ernest Hemmingway : ' For Whom the Bell Tolls ' ; the creeping terror of the song that can not be described in human words lest it drive the reader insane , ' The Thing That Should Not Be ' and ' Seek and Destroy ' .
They send us staggering away into the night with ringing in the ears and plenty to think about .
Metallica O2 Arena
Set list :
' That Was Just Your Life '
' The End Of The Line '
' The Thing That Should Not Be '
' Of Wolf And Man '
' One '
' Broken , Beat And Scarred '
' Cyanide '
' Frantic '
' Until It Sleeps '
' Wherever I May Roam '
' For Whom The Bell Tolls '
' The Day That Never Comes '
' Master Of Puppets '
' Blackened '
' Stone Cold Crazy '
' Jump In The Fire '
' Seek and Destroy '
Next week : Shocking new evidence suggests that Louis Althusseur 's 1990 death was directly linked to Slayer 's ' accessible ' new direction with Seasons In the Abyss .
Breaking news : Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens come to blows in the Cro Bar .
Violent disagreement over Prong 's best album said to be to blame .
Tiger ’s multiple birdies have flown off with his reputation .
His scandal - weary fans are furious at their one - time hero — who has spent his entire career creating the image of a perfect family man .
As the carefully constructed image that netted Tiger Woods a billion dollars ’ worth of endorsement income collapses , experts say the next blow he takes will be to his wallet .
The latest numbers show his “ favorable ” rating plunged from 84 percent this past June to the current 60 percent , according to a CNN / USA Today / Gallup poll released yesterday .
And his “ unfavorable ” rating soared higher than an eagle — from 9 percent to 25 percent .
“ This crisis is deepening for him .
His brands are huddling and hunkering down and are going to have to rethink how to reposition him in their marketing mix in 2010 , ” said Michael Neuman , of the Manhattan - based consulting firm Amplify Sports and Entertainment .
So far , Woods has n’t lost any accounts .
His hard - core sponsors , including Nike and Gatorade , will likely stick with him because they ’ve invested so much , Neuman said .
But he cautioned that the money may no longer be as easy to make as a 6 - inch putt .
“ The compensation from the past , I do n’t think he will get to that level for a long time , if it ever gets there at all , ” Neuman said .
Especially worrisome are reports that Tiger is offering hush money to his mistresses , Neuman said .
Before the scandal , Woods , who presented a focused , family - man image , was looking at lifetime earnings of $ 5 billion , estimated Robert Tuchman , vice president of consulting firm Premiere Global Sports .
Meanwhile , another damaging poll found that when people talk about Woods , who has two children with his betrayed beauty , Elin Nordegren , it is mainly to trash the champ .
“ We ’ve seen a more dramatic shift in the data we ’ve been monitoring , a negative buzz , ” said Ann Green , of the market - research firm Millward Brown .
Before the scandal , the firm ’s online polls found just 2 percent of people spoke negatively of Woods .
That jumped to 80 percent , according to data collected from hundreds of participants between Dec. 3 and 4 .
“ Marketers need to be concerned about a transference of negative perception , ” Green said .
For instance , Woods collected $ 2 million in 2002 for switching his wristwatch endorsement from Rolex to Tag Heuer .
But wives and girlfriends thinking of shelling out thousands of bucks for a luxury timepiece may start having second thoughts when its most famous public face is a serial philanderer .
In an ominous development , NBC ’s World Challenge golf tournament last Saturday did n’t include a single commercial featuring Woods — when typically , there is at least one for every commercial break during the three - hour event .
And another revelation , from Life & Style magazine yesterday , probably wo n’t help matters .
It reported that Playgirl rep Daniel Nardicio says the online magazine has gotten photos purportedly showing a naked Tiger .
“ We ’re currently trying to authenticate the photos before we make any decisions on purchasing the Tiger Woods pics and ascertaining the value , ” Nardicio said .
Although Woods ’ sponsors are sticking by him so far , everyday golfers do n’t think that will last .
“ He ’s not the hope and prodigy anymore because he does n’t have the wholesome image , ” said Rosanna Lam , who was shopping at Golfsmith on the East Side .
“ I assume they ’ll think twice about having him sponsor their products . ”
Former Woods fans turned to his own Web site to vent their anger .
“ I want my money back from Nike for all of this useless garbage that I have spent my hard - earned money on for the past 10 years ! ” one person wrote on his message board .
“ They put this person out there and we bought it , and now it turns out he is a lying . ”
chuck.bennett@nypost.com
Jordana Brewster
more of the beautiful Jordana Brewster or maybe
The trial of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed wo n’t be held in lower Manhattan and could take place in a military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay , sources said last night .
Administration officials said that no final decision had been made but that officials of the Department of Justice and the White House were working feverishly to find a venue that would be less expensive and less of a security risk than New York City .
The back - to - the - future Gitmo option was reported yesterday by Fox News and was not disputed by White House officials .
VIDEO : POSSIBLE VENUE CHANGE FOR 9/11TRIAL
‘ CAMP JUSTICE ’ READY TO ROLL
EDITORIAL : BAM STARTS TO GET IT
RICH LOWRY : A SHEIK -UP CALL FOR O’S JUSTICE JOKER
OSAMA BLOWS ECO - SMOKE
TERROR MA REAL PISTOL
GRIM NEW WTC SIFT
Such a move would likely bring howls of protest from liberals already frustrated that President Obama has failed to meet his deadline for closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay .
It would also indicate that after years of attacking the Bush administration for its handling of the war on terror , Obama officials are embracing one of the most controversial aspects of it .
The administration is likely considering Gitmo because Congress is moving to cut off funding for holding the expensive trials in civilians courts .
Rep. Peter King ( R - LI ) has introduced a bill that would prohibit the use of Justice Department funds to try Guantanamo detainees in federal civilian courts , and Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) said he would introduce a similar bill in the Senate next week .
The Washington Post , meanwhile , reports that wherever the terror trials are eventually held , it is virtually certain that they will not take place in New York City .
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly yesterday credited Mayor Bloomberg , who spoke out against the holding the trials in New York , with spurring the Obama administration to reconsider .
“ I think the president responded to , certainly , the mayor ’s statement yesterday and community concerns , and it , quite frankly , gives us a little more room in the Police Department , ” he said .
“ The mayor ’s position is the right position , and I think the mayor was the reason it was moved .
“ There was a lot of concern in the community .
A lot of other political leaders were worried about it , but it was n’t until the mayor made the statement that the White House reacted .
It ’s the right decision . ”
But the administration insisted that Justice officials had been reviewing other options well before Bloomberg changed his mind and voiced his opposition .
It was not until word leaked out that the DOJ was reconsidering that Bloomberg spoke up , one official said .
Other domestic sites mentioned for the trials include a former military base in New York Harbor that welcomes summertime picnickers and bike riders , the US Military Academy at West Point , and Stewart Air National Guard Base in upstate Newburgh .
Bloomberg said yesterday that he would not brand Obama a flip - flopper over his turnabout .
“ To me , it ’s a sign of maturity , strength and intellect , ” Bloomberg said on WOR radio yesterday .
“ If somebody comes up with a better idea — if the world changes — you change . ”
Gov. Paterson said he was “ elated that our concerns are being considered by the president and the federal government . ”
The effort to nix New York as the venue for the “ terror trial of the century ” also got a boost yesterday when Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif . ) urged Obama to hold the trial elsewhere .
She cited the high threat of terrorist strikes , especially for a city like New York .
“ Without getting into classified details , I believe we should view the attempted Christmas Day plot as a continuation , not an end , of plots to strike the United States by al Qaeda affiliates , ” she wrote .
“ Moreover , New York City has been a high - priority target since at least the first World Trade Center bombing , in 1993 .
The trial of the most significant terrorist in custody would add to the threat . ”
churt@nypost.com
Iman Morales did n’t answer the door .
As his mother stood waiting outside his one - bedroom apartment in Brooklyn , she grew increasingly concerned .
Lately Morales had been acting erratically and having trouble with his psychiatric medication .
Desperation mounting , she called 911 .
When the Emergency Service Unit from the New York City Police Department arrived , Morales scrambled out of his apartment onto the fire escape .
The stout 35 - year old was naked and shouted incoherently .
An officer appeared on the fire escape , and Morales retreated to a slim metal ledge over a storefront , where he jabbed at him with a fluorescent light tube .
At that point , Lt. Michael Pigott , a 21 - year NYPD veteran , ordered an officer on the ground to fire his stun gun .
Morales collapsed and fell 10 feet to the sidewalk , landing on his head .
He was taken to the hospital and pronounced dead on Sept. 24 , 2008 .
Morales ’ death , a video of which was posted on the internet , raised a national media storm and fueled criticisms of law enforcement ’s use of stun guns .
During the past decade , police departments all over the United States have ramped up use of Tasers , the popular name for stun guns produced by Taser International .
By June 2009 , the company said it had sold Tasers to more than 14,200 law enforcement agencies in over 40 countries , and that 29 of the 33 largest U.S. cities now deploy the weapon .
According to Taser International , its technology is relatively safe — the official terminology is “ less lethal ” — and decreases injury and death among both police officers and arrestees .
But not all experts agree .
Doctors in particular are concerned about the effects on the heart and brain .
And a December report by Amnesty International found that between 2001 and 2008 , 334 people died in the U.S. after being Tasered by police .
Just last month , a 19 - year - old man died after being Tasered by police in San Bernardino , California .
“ There is so much controversy because [ the Taser ] has conquered the market so rapidly , ” said Steve Tuttle , vice president of communications for Taser International .
“ It ’s a revolution in law enforcement .
And with revolution comes pain . ”
Taser International has become notorious for aggressively dismissing health concerns , but on Oct. 12 , the company released a training bulletin recommending that officers avoid chest and head shots when possible .
Three days later , however , Rick Guibault , vice president of training , said the change had little to do with safety and that the company would continue supporting its customers in lawsuits no matter where the Taser hits .
With no codified rules in place for Taser deployment , police have used it liberally — on children and the elderly , drug addicts and the mentally ill .
Around 850,000 criminal suspects have been Tasered in the field , according to the company .
In 2007 , the United Nations likened Taser use to torture .
That same year the catch phrase “ Do n’t tase me , bro , ” shouted by a student being Tasered by campus police , won a first place among Time magazine ’s Top 10 T - shirt Worthy Slogans .
“ Using the Taser weapon feels benign , ” said Dalia Hashad , director of Amnesty International USA ’s Domestic Human Rights Program .
“ Taser International is very fond of saying that getting shocked with a Taser is similar to receiving a static electricity shock from rubbing your feet on the carpet and then touching the doorknob .
It ’s that mentality that allows police officers to use the Taser weapon where they would never dream of using a billy club . ”
“ Unfortunately , there are hundreds of people who never got up again , ” she said .
The Body Electric , and Then Some
The Tasers used by law enforcement look like play guns .
Instead of a normal muzzle , the plastic weapon has two small cartridge doors .
Pull the trigger and the doors pop open and two barbed metal darts , propelled by compressed nitrogen , fly out and lodge in the skin or clothes of the target .
The darts are attached to the gun by thin electrical wires that draw electricity from a couple of AA batteries .
Once in the body , they set up an electric circuit .
The Taser ’s high voltage — 50,000 volts , compared to the 110 volts of a light socket — makes charged particles flow readily through the skin , from dart to dart .
The current is about 270 times smaller than that flowing in a Christmas - tree bulb , but it ’s more than enough to hijack the delicate motor nerves that control our muscles .
At each pull of the trigger , the gun fires a rapid series of electric pulses that cycle for five seconds .
As electricity courses down the motor nerves , it overrides the weaker signals from the brain and causes violent contractions in the muscle groups around the darts .
The contractions are so powerful that , in rare instances , they can cause sprains or even fractures .
Along with the muscle spasms comes excruciating pain .
A National Public Radio reporter , who volunteered to be shocked with a Taser in 2005 , said it felt “ like someone reached into my body to rip my muscles apart with a fork . ”
Wired.com ’s Noah Shachtman called his 1 - second Taser shock “ brutal ” when he volunteered in July ( see video ) .
The overwhelming pain has long since placed electricity high in the torture arsenal .
Later , it dawned on law enforcement that electricity would also make for a handy compliance tool .
In 1969 , riot - control expert Colonel Rex Applegate wrote in “ Riot Control : materiel and techniques ” that police could use the shock baton , essentially an electric cattle prod , to “ handle and move , with a minimum of force , drunks of both sexes , teenagers , alcoholics , derelicts , etc . ”
The modern Taser goes one step further .
Incapacitating the muscles , it freezes the target to the spot , allowing police to disarm and handcuff the suspect .
The Heart of the Matter
Studies From the Battlefield Taser advocates who claim the weapon is safe often cite a 2009 study funded by the U.S. Department of Justice that tracked Taser deployments in six law enforcement agencies .
In three years , police Tasered 1,201 suspects .
All but five had only mild injuries .
Two injured their heads severely when falling , and one had a rare case of muscle breakdown , which could n’t be linked conclusively to the Taser .
The deaths of two others , a cocaine addict and a mentally ill person , were judged to be unrelated to the Tasers .
Those statistics make Tasers the safer alternative to other means of force — tackling , baton strikes or a canine unit — according to Steve Tuttle of Taser International .
“ That ’s where the context is completely lost by our critics , ” he said .
But the number of incidents in that study may have been too small to show the real risks .
Earlier this year , cardiologist Zian Tseng of the University of California , San Francisco , published an analysis of sudden deaths in 50 police departments around California .
Before Taser deployment , there had been roughly one sudden death a year per 100,000 arrests .
After Tasers were put into use , that number rose to almost six deaths .
“ We ’re not talking about some huge epidemic , ” said Tseng .
“ But by the same token , because they ’re so rare , not that much of an increase in absolute numbers becomes a six - fold increase . ”
Later , the number of sudden deaths went back to normal — perhaps , the researchers speculate , because police departments recognized that Tasers “ have real dangers and then adjusted the techniques and policies . ”
Tseng had no way of knowing whether Tasers were involved in any of the deaths .
But Amnesty International took the opposite approach in a report from December 2008 , focusing only on deaths during which Tasers had been used [ pdf ] .
The organization found 334 deaths in the U.S. following Taser deployments between 2001 and 2008 ( according to Taser International , around 850,000 suspects have been Tasered in the field ) .
In 37 of the 98 autopsy reports that Amnesty International was able to obtain , medical examiners listed Tasers as a cause or contributory factor .
Many people had been Tasered multiple times , often by several officers simultaneously , and for periods extending up toward a minute .
Most also had some sort of vulnerability .
“ They ’re not the typical 170 - pound , healthy male on whom a lot of the volunteer studies have been done , ” said Dalia Hashad of Amnesty International .
“ It ’s people who are older , people who are on drugs , people who have some sort of ailment , people with mental illness . ”
Taser shocks cause most people to fall , which is why it should have come as no surprise when Morales toppled from the ledge .
Even on the ground , there is potential for skull fractures , concussions and intracranial bleeding , which Steve Tuttle of Taser International openly acknowledges .
But apart from those obvious risks , experts are still debating the health effects of stun guns .
Several human lab studies , the majority funded by Taser International , suggest Tasers do not cause serious harm when used on healthy police officers for between 5 and 15 seconds .
But lab settings are a far cry from the harsh realities on the street , critics say ( see box for studies from the field ) .
Arrestees are often agitated , on drugs or in poor health .
Repeated electric shocks might be too much for their bodies to handle .
Amnesty International ’s December report detailed the circumstances of 334 deaths following Taser episodes in the United States .
When autopsy reports could be obtained , the most common cause of death was heart failure .
The heart is a muscle , and just like skeletal muscles it operates on electric impulses and can be stopped by electricity .
Zian Tseng , a cardiac electrophysiologist at the University of California , San Francisco , is an expert at stopping hearts .
He implants defibrillators into people with heart disease .
Should the heart go into deadly overdrive , known as ventricular fibrillation , the electronic device jolts it back to its normal rhythm .
Before patching up his patients , Tseng checks the defibrillator by giving a well - timed electric shock to the heart , launching it into ventricular fibrillation .
According to Tseng , the Taser could , in rare instances , have the same effect if placed over the heart .
“ I firmly believe that used improperly , without proper technique and without proper safety measures in place , they can cause risk of sudden death , ” he said .
The only direct evidence that Tasers can hijack the heart , published in 2007 , came from the pacemaker of a 53 - year - old prisoner .
“ He was running from his jailers and so violent and out of control that not only was he Tasered many times , he had all these dog bites , ” said Leslie Saxon , chief of the cardiovascular medicine unit at the University of Southern California University Hospital .
A week later , he started complaining about chest pains .
Saxon downloaded the memory of his pacemaker which revealed that his heart beat had synced up with each Taser pulse .
For over 5 seconds , his heart beat 15 times per second , about five times faster than during vigorous exercise .
“ In the same way , if you stuck a fork in a light socket , you could induce a very bad heart rhythm and you could die , ” Saxon said .
“ It will cause the heart to go really fast , and because it ’s going so fast it ca n’t pump enough blood out . ”
But Tasers conduct much less energy than light sockets , and when the chest pains went away , the man was fine .
Still , the fact remains that the Taser hijacked his heart .
Whether this could happen to people without pacemakers is unclear , Saxon said , because the metal in the pacemaker might have shunted the current through the heart .
In fact , heart problems do n’t appear to be a big problem for Tasers , she said .
A few studies in pigs have found that they can indeed stop the heart , but several others have found that the energy delivered by Tasers — about a thousandth of that of a defibrillator — is below the threshold for capturing the heart .
“ The current is simply too small to hurt you , ” electrical engineer Mark Kroll wrote in an e-mail .
Kroll , who is on Taser International ’s board of directors , also noted that Tasers have been used on more than 1.6 million humans — suspects in the field as well as police volunteers — and have “ demonstrated an impressive safety record . ”
Cardiac electrophysiologist Mark Link of New England Medical Center agrees that Tasers do not cause instantaneous deaths from cardiac arrest .
“ That was the original theory , ” he said .
“ I think that has been debunked . ”
But he is concerned that the shock and pain Tasers inflict may cause epinephrine , the body ’s primary stress hormone , to surge dangerously .
That , in turn , could increase the risk of heart failure minutes or hours later .
Doctors have also started worrying about the other big electric organ in our body : the brain .
Earlier this year , Canadian neurologists published the first case report of a seizure triggered by a Taser shot in a healthy person .
Two officers were chasing a suspected robber on foot , and one of them fired his Taser , accidentally hitting his colleague in the back of the head .
The officer lost consciousness and fell to the ground .
His eyes rolled up into his head and his muscles stiffened .
Then his limbs began jerking and froth gathered at his mouth .
The episode lasted about a minute , and after several more minutes he gradually came around .
He had a bad headache and could n’t remember what had just happened .
This is how a typical epileptic seizure develops , but the officer did not have epilepsy .
Richard Wennberg , a neurologist and epilepsy specialist at the University of Toronto who examined the officer after the episode , is convinced that the Taser seized control of the nerve cells in the officer ’s brain .
It caused them to fire in a fast , rhythmic pattern that triggered the seizure , much as electroshock therapy would .
While the officer has n’t had more seizures , he still experiences anxiety , difficulty concentrating and headaches — symptoms likely due to the concussion from the fall — and is now on antidepressants .
“ If it became in fashion to aim the Taser at people ’s heads , in some sort of dystopian future , I think this would be happening all the time , ” Wennberg said .
Both seizure and heart failure following Taser discharges are rare .
Most of the fatalities in Amnesty International ’s report had underlying cardiovascular disease , and proving these people would n’t have died during a struggle without being Tasered is impossible .
This is reflected in the verdicts of several lawsuits brought against Taser International .
Until June 7 , 2008 , when a California jury found Tasers to be 15 percent responsible for a cardiac arrest , the company had never been defeated in a product - liability claim , according to Bloomberg .
“ The ideal study would be , you randomize a city and say half the police use Tasers and half do not , and then you compare that over five years , ” Link said .
“ And maybe it is time for something like that , because there is so much controversy about the use of these devices . ”
Use and Abuse
Morales was buried on Oct. 2 , 2008 .
Just hours before the funeral , Lt. Pigott , who had been in charge at the scene of Morales ’ death , went to the locker room at his headquarters in Brooklyn .
He was deeply distraught .
Ordering his officer to use a Taser had violated NYPD ’s guidelines , which specify that the weapon , if possible , should not be used when it can cause a fall from an elevated position .
As a result , Pigott had been demoted to a desk job and stripped of his gun and badge .
In the locker room , he found the handgun of another officer and shot himself in the head .
A New York - based advocacy group called Rights for Imprisoned People with Psychiatric Disabilities says that instead of firing the Taser , police should have used verbal de-escalation techniques .
“ There was no need to Taser that man on the ledge .
What harm was he causing ?
He was on a friggin ’ ledge , ” said spokeswoman Lisa Ortega , who knows Morales ’ family .
“ He could have easily been talked down .
He was just disoriented . ”
Morales ’ case is hardly the only one to attract criticism .
There are examples of police officers Tasering elderly people with dementia , children as young as 7 years old , and people who passively resist arrest , for instance by remaining limp .
While the NYPD declined to comment , a 2005 study from the Police Executive Research Forum , a Washington , D.C. - based organization of police executives , found that most of the 74 police departments surveyed permit Taser deployment on all age groups , and 30 percent accept use on passive resisters .
But such practices do n’t pass muster with human - rights organizations .
“ Police officers are routinely misled into thinking that Taser weapons are a magic remedy to ending a confrontational situation , ” said Amnesty International ’s Hashad .
In about 90 percent of the deaths the group investigated , the suspects were unarmed .
“ Does it really make sense to be out there using the weapon in many situations where there are alternatives ? ”
Hashad asks .
“ When we do n’t really know what the impact on the individual is ?
Is that really a risk we ’re going to take ? ”
Still , many law enforcement agencies report that Tasers are the best way to prevent violent escalations .
Although Taser International ’s deployment database has been criticized for relying on voluntary reporting involving incentive schemes , a recent study from the Canadian Police Research Centre [ pdf ] , a publicly funded organization in Ottawa , found that stun guns were in fact less injurious than traditional means of force , such as the baton .
“ Imagine if my kids get into drugs five years from now , ” said Tuttle of Taser International .
“ Would I accept for an officer to strike my son with a baton ?
God no .
But if my kid got hit by a Taser , I ’m not happy , but I ’m damn thankful that it was n’t a baton or a dog bite or a bean bag .
It could disfigure them , scar them , or do some permanent damage . ”
Political scientist Darius Rejali of Reed College , an internationally recognized torture expert , agrees that Tasers do have a place .
“ It ’s pretty clear that these technologies have saved people ’s lives , ” he said .
But he added that we need to be extra careful around electrical weapons , because they leave few traces and are easy to abuse .
“ If Tasers left bloody marks every time you used them , there would be an immediate end to the use of them .
The problem with electricity is that no one can tell how much pain a person is in . ”
The Police Executive Research Forum in Washington , D.C. has issued guidelines for Taser use , but police departments are free to follow their own rules , which vary widely .
And Taser International sees no reason for this to change .
“ There are no national guidelines for baton strikes , pepper spray or even firearms , ” Tuttle said .
“ Why would we only regulate one ? ”
Many deploy the weapon as the lowest level of force , before hands - on approaches and batons , and long before firearms .
Although Taser International encourages these practices , it is clear that the free - floating standards have sparked much of the controversy about stun technology .
“ I would prefer to be shot with a Taser than a handgun if that was the choice , ” said Neil Davison , author of the book “ ‘ Non-Lethal ’ Weapons . ”
“ But often that is n’t the choice . ”
While waiting for better guidelines and more research , Tseng , the California cardiologist , has a simple recommendation for policemen using Tasers :
“ The antidote is easily available , and that ’s the Automatic External Defibrillator , which is present at every airport , at every casino , ” he said .
“ Put an AED in the trunk of your police car if you ’re using the Taser . ”
A defibrillator would not have helped Iman Morales , though .
In February , his family sued New York City for wrongful death .
The family ’s lawyer told The New York Times they want “ to make sure that policies and procedures are put into effect in the future so that Tasering cases are over with this case . ”
The lawsuit appears to have had little impact so far , as binding national guidelines still do n’t exist .
Since the beginning of the year , 45 people have died in the U.S. after being Tasered by law enforcement , according to the blog Electronic Village .
How many of these deaths were linked to the Taser is unclear , as is the number of lives saved by the technology .
At least one death bears an eerie resemblance to Morales ’ case : On June 9 , Brian Cardall , a 32 - year - old graduate student , was driving with his wife and daughter in southern
Utah when he had a bipolar episode .
He exited the car , stripped off his clothes and starting shouting at traffic .
Responding to a 911 call from Cardall ’s wife , police arrived at the scene and shocked Cardall twice with a Taser .
After the second deployment , Cardall stopped breathing and lost his pulse .
He was dead .
Images : 1 ) Taser ’s Steve Tuttle holds a X - 26 Taser at the company ’s plant in
Scottsdale , Arizona / Pat Shannahan .
2 ) Taser International / Pat Shannahan .
3 ) X - 26 Tasers through their final cycle test called an electronic burn in .
The taser is fired a repeatedly to make sure everything is working / Pat Shannahan .
See Also :
America is thanking AT&T this morning for drawing attention to how limited its 3G coverage is .
This is something I never paid much attention to until yesterday , when AT&T sued Verizon over a TV ad comparing the carriers ' 3G coverage .
AT&T sued over Verizon 's " There 's a map for that " TV ad that compares Verizon 's 3G coverage ( lots ) to AT&T's ( small by comparison ) .
If AT&T had not sued , the ad would have come and gone .
I might never have seen it , but now that I have , I am sharing it with friends -- like you .
Now , if Verizon prevails in the lawsuit , AT&T can expect to see the ad , or something including the same maps , forever .
AT&T claims the ad is misleading because it shows areas of the country where it does not offer 3G coverage in white .
AT&T claims this implies that it has no data coverage in those areas , when it actually does offer slower speed data coverage in much of Verizon 's " white area . "
AT&T does not want people to notice the limitations on its 3G coverage , suggesting somehow , that any wireless data coverage it offers is good enough .
If it were really good enough , people would not have upgraded to the iPhone to the 3GS , as I did .
Look at the TV ad for yourself .
( AT&T : See what this lawsuit is buying you ? )
I think it is extremely clear that Verizon is comparing 3G coverage to 3G coverage , apples to apples .
The ad is not confusing at all .
( I have linked to two different versions of the ad ) .
What I would have found confusing is just what AT&T wants , some additional color on its map .
That would have ruined my ability to just glance at the map and understand its meaning : AT&T has less 3G coverage than Verizon .
As a smartphone user , 3G - signal coverage is what I want .
I had already known AT&T 's coverage does not match Verizon's .
However , I had never really paid much attention , not until AT&T caused me to take a look for myself .
The specifics of the case , much of which sounds like whining on AT&T 's part , are discussed here .
As an aside , Mark Siegel , a career AT&T PR person , really deserves better than the company he ended up having to try to defend so very often .
AT&T is now asking a court on an emergency basis , essentially , to help it cover - up its network 's shortcomings .
While Verizon was building a 3G network that covers the boonies , AT&T did not .
Here is what AT&T says in wants in its complaint , filed in a Georgia federal court ( presented as a PDF , courtesy of the Wall Street Journal ) :
" AT&T does not seek to stop Verizon from running its advertisements , nor does it seek to change the words Verizon uses in the advertisements .
At this time , AT&T seeks only an order prohibiting Verizon from displaying , in the " Bench " advertisement , or in any other advertisement , a map of AT&T's " 3G " coverage in which AT&T's non -" 3G " coverage areas are depicted by white or blank space .
This limited relief is necessary to prevent consumers from being misled by the maps into believing that AT&T offers no wireless service in large parts of the United States . "
Looking at the map ( there 's that TV commercial again ) , it is clear AT&T 's 3G covers the big cities .
Just not very much in between .
Sometimes I find myself in those places and wish I had 3G coverage .
As for not pointing out that AT&T has slower speed data coverage where it lacks 3G coverage , I do not see how Verizon is under any obligation to do so .
Where AT&T claims Verizon has hit some sort of " new low " in comparative advertising , I see no foul as having been committed .
I am not saying AT&T 's coverage is n't acceptable if that 's all you have .
However , I have occasionally I am surprised to find the 3G symbol I expect to see replaced by the E symbol , indicating my iPhone 3GS is connected to AT&T's the slower network .
If you are interested in how 3G works in various cities , we went to 13 cities around the U.S. and measured 3G performance for this story that ran in June .
For AT&T , the bottom line was that over more than 5,000 tests in nearly 300 locations , it did not do as well as Verizon or Sprint .
This lawsuit is not the first time AT&T has looked bad .
It 's slow adoption of MMS , lack of tethering support , and the Skype , Google Voice , Google Maps Navigation , and Google Latitude controversies have all hurt the company 's image with customers .
Bottom line : AT&T needs to build out its 3G network or be willing to take the abuse that comes from not doing so .
Making a big deal about Verizon 's ad does AT&T more harm than good .
Once again , AT&T looks like a villain to its customers .
David Coursey tweets as @techinciter and can be contacted via his Web site .
Editor 's note :
Need a refresher on the basics of the climate change debate as Copenhagen gets underway ?
Read GlobalPost 's exclusive guide .
ARMINZA , Spain — Spanish sun and Quixote 's tilting windmills are renewable energy pictures that most often come to mind in Spain .
Yet fishermen and surfers in towns along the northern Spanish coastline have long known of another natural energy source .
Waves are the target for the new Biscay Marine Energy Platform ( BIMEP ) , currently being installed in the Basque village of Arminza .
Looking to tap the energy of waves and distribute it throughout a power grid , BIMEP promises to be one of the most advanced energy systems in all of Europe .
But villagers welcome the project with mixed feelings .
Distrust in what may come with BIMEP moves like an undercurrent in town .
There ’s a haunting heritage of opposition to energy plants on this coast that dates back to the 1970s , when the Lemoniz nuclear station was being planned for the area .
From the open sea to its land base , the 15 - million euro BIMEP , promoted by EVE , or Ente Vasco de la Energia , the Basque energy board , will research , test and operate wave - energy systems .
A moored web energy converter , partly surfacing offshore , captures wave movement and transforms it into electricity that travels down through an umbilical cable to a dynamic cable on the seabed .
This dynamic cable and others from other converters meet in a junction box .
A static cable transmits all energy reaching the junction box to shore , where conventional underground terrestrial cables bring it to a substation .
Fiber optic lines will carry data from the sea platform to shore .
This wave energy infrastructure needs no fuel , and the goal is to provide 10 percent of the electricity in the Basque Country and up to 50 percent of electricity in Basque homes by 2020 .
The resulting CO2 emission savings of between 1.1 and 1.54 million tons annually are comparable to removing 25 percent of the cars from Basque roads in the same period , according to EVE .
But clean energy and becoming a model for marine technology is not enough for residents of this remote area .
“ Almost nobody is in agreement , ” said 74 - year - old Jose Mari Martinez , an Arminza resident and retired fisherman .
Arminza , population 600 , used to be a fishing village .
Though only a few people still fish for a living , sport and leisure fishing remains popular .
Fishermen fear the platform will reduce access to an area rich in crab , hake and conger eel .
Environmental studies concluded the platform will have no impact on sea life , according to EVE , but the platform area will be off - limits for fishermen .
“ Fishermen argue small cuttlefish concentrate in the platform area , but cuttlefish banks move , ” said Jose Ramon Epelde , EVE ’s director of communication .
Fishermen greeted my questions with angry grimaces .
One rushed by as he muttered , “ I ’m a fisherman , do n’t make me talk , I ’d rather not talk . ”
Another factor in the minds of many of the older Arminza residents is the abandoned Lemoniz nuclear station , located about a mile down the road .
In the 1970s and early 80s , residents vented their fierce opposition to a government - planned nuclear station in Lemoniz by mounting large street demonstrations .
ETA , the self - proclaimed defender of the Basque land — listed as a terrorist organization by Spain and the European Union — waged a bloody battle against the nuclear station , killing three workers and two engineers before forcing the project to a halt .
The Spanish government eventually abandoned the plan , the station was dismantled and ETA claimed a victory , which some Basques still justify .
Since then , disagreement over a tentative proposal converting the nuclear energy station into a combined cycle steam plant continues to run high in the area .
The plant in Lemoniz looms eerily over a post - nuclear ghost town .
Crashing waves and seagull calls break the imposing silence of the dull cement buildings overlooking a picturesque green coast .
Built but never used , this station could have one functional piece left — handily installed electrical distribution lines that could be used for the wave energy platform .
At a playground next to the harbor , two young couples were chatting as they watched over their children .
When asked , they all agreed they welcomed BIMEP ’s clean energy .
“ The biggest concern is how it ’s going to affect fishing , ” said one of the young men , Asier Goti .
On the wharf , walking with Martinez , a middle - age woman , who did not want to reveal her name , voiced suspicion .
“ What if they ’re only building this wave platform to confuse people and will eventually build the steam power plant anyway ? ”
EVE opened a temporary information booth on the harbor last July .
Naira Saiz is a young lady who greets the 20 people who come to see the exhibit of maps and video each day .
Sporting a hip EVE T - shirt with a surfer on the front and short summer shorts , Saiz said she ’s heard a bit of everything from visitors .
“ Some people here do n’t like anything new , ” she observed .
“ They were against the nuclear station , they are against the steam power plant , and now they are against this too — do n’t they watch TV at home ? ”
" Swelling Glass " Cleans Polluted Water Like a Sponge
January 11th , 2010 by Tina Casey
This is the discovery that could put the College of Wooster on the map : glass that swells like a sponge .
Put together like a nano - matrix , the new glass can unfold to hold up to eight times its weight .
The glass binds with gasoline and other pollutants containing volatile organic compounds but it does not bind with water , so it acts like a “ smart ” sponge , capable of picking and choosing from contaminated groundwater .
[ social_buttons ]
The new material was developed by Dr. Paul Edmiston of the College of Wooster , who formed a new company , Absorbent Materials , to market the new glass under the trademark Obsorb .
A number of pilot sites are being tested in the United States , and industrialized countries are not the only ones that stand to gain .
Obsorb ’s unique properties make it ideal for low tech , low - budget cleanups in developing areas as well .
Swelling Glass , Hydrophobia and Groundwater Pollution
Obsorb is a reactive glass .
Unlike conventional glass , it can bond with the chemicals it encounters .
However , it is also hydrophobic , meaning that it does not bond with water .
At a recent pilot demonstration in Ohio , Obsorb was used in the form of a white powder to suck up a plume of TCE ( a volatile organic compound ) .
TCE is particularly difficult and expensive to clean up using conventional means , which is the reason why some contaminated sites are simply shut down , allowing the vapors to dissipate naturally .
The process takes decades , so Obsorb could provide a low - cost means of recovering sites more quickly .
The venture development group JumpStart Inc. saw the potential and has just committed a $ 250,000 investment to Absorbent Materials .
Swelling Glass and Low Cost Clean-up
Once full , Obsorb floats to the surface , where it can be skimmed off with something as simple as a coffee filter .
After that the pollutants can be retrieved and the glass can be reused hundreds of time .
Nanoparticles of iron can also be added to convert TCE or PCE ( another volatile organic compound ) into harmless substances .
As a low cost form of cleanup , swelling glass could provide site remediators with yet another in the growing list of non-conventional cleanup tools along with lactate , vitamin B - 12 , and even cattails .
Image : Glass by mrhayata on flickr.com .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A really cool career option for people living in the universe created by Vernor Vinge , in his novel A Deepness in the Sky .
After ten thousand years of humanity writing source code , there is code for just about doing anything .
Unfortunately , it 's in a variety of arcane computer languages and constructs , and it could be hidden in any of a thousand different projects .
So , to be a successful programmer in the 12th millennium , you had to be able to dig through this source code , some of which dated back to second - millenium stuff like MS - DOS , understand the language it was written in , find useful pieces , and assemble them together , with the appropriate glue technology to do what you wanted the system you were working on now .
This leads to a very organic understanding of software , but it all kind of works , especially because in Vernor Vinge 's universe , the promise of artificial intelligence failed .
Contrary to their denials , employees of the Arizona Game and Fish Department intentionally snared the last known jaguar in the Southwest last year , a report by the federal government says .
Wildlife advocates and politicians had demanded a federal investigation of the capture of the male cat , nicknamed Macho B , which was freed soon after he was snared but later recaptured and euthanized because he was ailing .
Many described the department ’s account of his capture and death as suspicious .
The report , issued by the inspector general of the Interior Department , said the Arizona game and fish employees had acted inappropriately in many ways , starting with the snaring .
But Arizona ’s Game and Fish Department called the document incomplete and denied that it was to blame .
In A Case for the Inflation Camp Robert P. Murphy asks When Will the Inflation Genie Get Out of the Bottle ?
Murphy 's concern is over " excess reserves " .
My reason for expecting large - scale price inflation is fairly straightforward : I see no coherent strategy for Bernanke to remove the excess reserves from the banking system .
...
After reviewing the evidence and the theories offered by the two camps , I still believe that Bernanke 's unprecedented infusions of new reserves will lead to rapid price increases .
These increases may not show up in the price of US financial assets , but they will rear their ugly heads at the gas pump and grocery checkout .
Moreover , I think the genie may already be slipping out of the bottle .
His escape will only be hastened once the year - over - year CPI figures show moderate inflation .
Steve Saville 's Concern Over Excess Reserve
The reason that bank reserves are n't added to the money supply is that they do not constitute money available to be spent within the economy ; rather , they constitute money that could be loaned into the economy or used to support additional bank lending in the future .
Bank lending in the US has declined on a year - over - year basis , so we know that the spectacular increase in reserves has not YET contributed to monetary inflation .
If the private banks were to join the inflation party then the risk of hyperinflation would greatly increase , and hyperinflation -- leading to what Mises called a " crack - up boom " -- would be the worst of all possible outcomes .
In particular , it would be an order of magnitude worse than the deflation that many people still seem to be worried about .
So , let 's hope that the banks do n't start lending out their excess reserves .
The situation is bad enough already .
Gary North 's Concern Over Excess Reserves
The Federal Reserve System faces a dilemma of its own creation : the doubling of the monetary base .
The only thing that is keeping this from creating mass inflation is the decision of commercial bankers to deposit the bulk of this increase with the Federal Reserve .
The banks are not lending out this money .
Neither is the FED .
This money does not legally belong to the FED .
AN EASY SOLUTION WITH DISASTROUS CONSEQUENCES
There is an easy solution to this problem .
The Federal Reserve knows exactly what the solution is .
Nobody mentions it .
The suggestion that the Federal Reserve would attempt it would probably bust the bond market .
The Federal Reserve would announce that , from this point on , all money deposited by banks as excess reserves will be charged a storage fee .
This fee could be 2 % .
Not only would banks not make any interest on the money deposited with the Federal Reserve , they would begin suffering a loss of 2 % per annum on the money held as excess reserves .
...
Lots of Concern Over Excess Reserves
Reserve Balances with Federal Reserve Banks
Money Multiplier Theory
Money Multiplier Theory Is Wrong
1 : Lending Comes First , Reserves Second
Proposition # 1
Proposition # 2
The underlying premise of the first proposition is that bank reserves are needed for banks to make loans .
An extreme version of this view is the text - book notion of a stable money multiplier .
In fact , the level of reserves hardly figures in banks ’ lending decisions .
The amount of credit outstanding is determined by banks ’ willingness to supply loans , based on perceived risk - return trade - offs , and by the demand for those loans .
The main exogenous constraint on the expansion of credit is minimum capital requirements .
A striking recent illustration of the tenuous link between excess reserves and bank lending is the experience during the Bank of Japan ’s “ quantitative easing ” policy in 2001 - 2006 .
Japan 's Quantitative Easing Experiment
click on chart for sharper image
Despite significant expansions in excess reserve balances , and the associated increase in base money , during the zero - interest rate policy , lending in the Japanese banking system did not increase robustly ( Figure 4 ) .
Is financing with bank reserves uniquely inflationary ?
If bank reserves do not contribute to additional lending and are close substitutes for short - term government debt , it is hard to see what the origin of the additional inflationary effects could be .
after
2 : There Are No Excess Reserves
Total Nonperforming Loans
Percentage of nonperforming loans equals total nonperforming loans divided by total loans .
Nonperforming loans are those loans that bank managers classify as 90 - days or more past due or nonaccrual in the call report .
Total Loans and Leases of Commercial Banks
that are admitted to
admitted to
Total Loans and Leases of Commercial Banks Percentage Change
Assets at Banks whose ALLL exceeds their Nonperforming Loans
3 : Bank reserves are " Fictional " , there are essentially no reserves at all .
Cumulative Debt
Base Money Supply
M2 Money Supply
4 : Banks are capital constrained not reserve constrained
Capital requirements
The capital ratio is the percentage of a bank 's capital to its risk - weighted assets .
Weights are defined by risk - sensitivity ratios whose calculation is dictated under the relevant Accord .
Risk Weightings
Fed Can Provide Liquidity Not Capital
Fed Governor William Poole on Moral Hazards :
I am more skeptical of the financial strength of the GSEs , and believe that we could see substantial problems in that sector .
According to the S&P Case - Shiller home value data released earlier this week , as of December 2007 average prices had declined by 15 percent or more over the past 12 months in Phoenix , San Diego , Miami and Las Vegas .
We can add Detroit to the danger list as the home price index for that city is down by almost 19 percent over the 24 months ending December 2007 .
With house prices falling significantly in a number of large markets , many prime mortgages issued a few years ago with a loan - to - value ratio of 80 percent may now have relatively little homeowner equity , which increases the probability of default and amount of loss in event of default .
As I have emphasized before , the Federal Reserve can deal with liquidity pressures but cannot deal with solvency issues .
I do not have any information on the GSEs that the market does not also have .
Nevertheless , in assessing the risk of further credit disruptions this year , I would put the GSEs at the top of my list of sources of potentially serious problems .
If those problems were realized , they would be a direct result of moral hazard inherent in the current structure of the GSEs .
First Nationalized Bank Of Fannie
Bernanke Expects Bank Failures
" Among the largest banks , the capital ratios remain good and I do n't anticipate any serious problems of that sort among the large , internationally active banks that make up a very substantial part of our banking system , " he said in response to a question during semi-annual congressional testimony .
" They have already sought something of the order of $ 75 billion of capital in the last quarter .
I would like to see them get more , " Bernanke said .
" They have enough now certainly to remain solvent and remain ... well above their minimum capital levels .
But I am concerned that banks will be pulling back and not making new loans and providing the credit which is the lifeblood of the economy .
In order to be able to do that ... in some cases at least , they need to get more capital , " Bernanke added .
In order to be able to [ lend ] ... in some cases at least , they need to get more capital
Capital Is The Problem At Virtually All Banks
I talked to a friend this morning who is retired from both the Federal Reserve of Kansas City and RSM McGladrey .
He now does consulting work with the FDIC , due diligence and other regulatory work .
He said the picture he is seeing is worse than at any time in his life and CAPITAL is the problem with virtually all banks .
Hiding The Losses
ABO Writes :
Take a look at how the FDIC is selling failed banks .
It is a little different than in the past .
The FDIC is using a loss sharing agreement that is usually around 80 - 20 and has certain guidelines on timing of the losses .
I would guess that the losses on the failed banks are dragged into the future somewhat rather than being recognized at the time the bank is closed .
This method would be less of an immediate hit to the fund and would probably create a contingent liability rather than a direct one .
The banks that agree to this loss sharing plan are relying on the promise of the FDIC to make good on future guarantees for losses .
The losses are not backed by the full faith of the government .
The Fed and FDIC always want to delay addressing the problems , hoping they will go away .
Such structural problems seldom do .
Amazingly Financial Group was considered " well capitalized " right up to the brink of failure .
When the bank did fail , the hit to FDIC was not immediately taken but stretched into the future .
The WSJ article notes '
There are 1,400 banks that own mortgage - backed securities that are n't backed by government - related entities such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . " What we do n't know is how many of those banks are levered up enough in garbage mortgages to fail .
Note too that those garbage trust - preferred securities problems are on top of the widely expected fallout from commercial real estate problems affecting small to medium - sized regional banks .
Thus , banking woes are much deeper in many areas than either the FDIC or Fed is admitting .
FDIC Allows Banks To Hide Insufficient Capital
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. gave banks including Citigroup Inc. , Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. a reprieve of at least six months from raising capital to support billions of dollars of securities the firms will be adding to their balance sheets .
Bank regulators including the FDIC and Federal Reserve want to permit a phase - in of capital requirements that rise starting next month under a change approved by the Financial Accounting Standards Board .
The rule , passed in May , eliminates some off - balance - sheet trusts , forcing banks to put billions of dollars of assets and liabilities on their books .
Executives from Citigroup , JPMorgan , Bank of America , Wells Fargo & Co. , Capital One Financial Corp. and the American Securitization Forum met FDIC officials Dec. 2 to discuss capital requirements related to the FASB measure .
The executives proposed that “ the transition period should extend beyond 2010 to a point in the economy where unemployment is lower and issuers are less capital - restrained from growing their balance sheet and providing credit , ” according to a paper the ASF presented the FDIC .
Citigroup suggested three years to offset assets and liabilities brought onto balance sheets , Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said in an Oct. 15 letter to regulators .
Requiring banks to “ assume the risk - based capital effects immediately , or even over one year , is an undeniably severe penalty , ” he wrote .
Fictional Capital
Global Implications Of
Stronger Capital Rules From Basel
Global regulators have been wrestling with plans to tighten bank supervision following the worst economic crisis since World War II .
The Basel Committee said yesterday banks ’ core capital should exclude stock or instruments that may require lenders to make payments to third parties , as these could reduce reserves needed for meeting losses .
“ The tightening of Tier 1 quality standards is overall negative for the Japanese banks because they have weak Tier 1 quality , ” said Stephen Church , a research partner at Japaninvest KK , an independent research firm , in Tokyo .
“ The stock market is differentiating between those banks which have stronger Tier 1 and those which are weaker . ”
The committee also said banks should have an “ appropriate ” period of time to replace such instruments .
5 : Banks are n't lending because there are few credit worthy borrowers worth the risk .
Backdrop Banks Face
Demand for C&I loans from small firms
Lending Standards For Small Firms
One Unaddressed Point
Excess Reserve Recap
Newzbin vs MPAA : An interview with the Usenet indexing site 's legal team , weeks away from court .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , January 26 , 2010
A possible false flag terror attack to be blamed on Muslims has been foiled after a Navy vet was busted with a grenade launcher , assault rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition , as well as Arab headdress , in New Jersey yesterday .
Initial media reports speculated that the man was planning a terrorist attack on a U.S. military base in the area .
“ Lloyd Woodson , 43 , whose last known address was Reston , Va. , today faces multiple offenses , including second - degree unlawful weapons possession and fourth - degree possession of prohibited weapons , Somerset County Prosecutor Wayne Forrest said , ” reports the New Jersey Star Ledger .
“ Branchburg police confronted Woodson at 3:55 a.m. at the Quick Chek convenience store on Route 28 after receiving a call reporting a suspicious person .
Branchburg Patrolman Steven Cronce noticed a large bulge beneath the green , military - style jacket that Woodson was wearing , which was later determined to be the assault rifle with a defaced serial number , Forrest said . ”
After searching his hotel room , police found a grenade launcher , hundreds .50 - caliber and .308 - caliber rounds , a police scanner , as well as “ Middle Eastern red and white traditional headdress ” .
“ The man may have had plans to attack a U.S. military base , ” reported Fox New Jersey , adding that the amount of weapons he had led police to suspect he was a terrorist .
The FBI were remarkably swift in distancing the man from any link with terrorists , despite the fact that his deadly arsenal was accompanied by maps of a military facility .
“ The FBI said a man charged with multiple weapons offenses after a cache of weapons and maps of a military facility were found in his New Jersey motel room has no known terrorism link , ” reported the Associated Press this morning .
Imagine if a Muslim had been busted with grenade launchers , assault rifles , and maps of military facilities .
Authorities and the media would instantly claim he was part of an Al - Qaeda conspiracy and launch all kinds of fearmongering about the inevitability of getting hit again by terrorists unless we give up our rights – just as they did in the aftermath of the failed underwear bombing incident .
Within days , the ghost of Osama Bin Laden would once again be manufactured to claim involvement and members of the military - industrial complex would be pimping their latest hi-tech tools of enslavement .
[ efoods ]
However , because this was probably a false flag operation gone awry , it will be buried and you ’ll never hear anything of it again .
This is not the first time that military personnel have been apparently caught in the preparation of a terrorist attack to be blamed on Arabs as part of a false flag .
As we reported in September 2005 , two individuals wearing Arab clothes , wigs and headdress shooting at police in Basra were later discovered to be British SAS soldiers .
According to the Basra governor Mohammed al - Waili , one policeman was shot dead and another was injured during an attack that was patently a set up to be blamed on insurgents .
Early media reports about the incident also stated that the men were carrying explosives , but this detail vanished from subsequent coverage .
The soldiers were arrested and taken to a nearby jail where they were confronted and interrogated by an Iraqi judge .
The initial demand from the puppet authorities that the soldiers be released was rejected by the Basra government .
At that point tanks were sent in to “ rescue ” the SAS men amidst chaos that resulted in around 150 prisoners escaping from the jail .
The only outlet to ask any serious questions was Australian TV news which according to one viewer gave , “ credibility to the conspiracy theorists who have long claimed many terrorist acts in Iraq are , in fact , being initiated and carried out by US , British and Israeli forces . ”
Watch the clip below from Fox New Jersey .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Hoping to catch up on Stargate Universe this Friday ?
Well , networks are fickle things .
UPDATED
For perhaps the first time in the seven years that the Stargate franchise has been on Syfy Channel , there are no episodes airing this week on the cable network — no SG - 1 , no Atlantis , and no Stargate Universe to help celebrate the holidays .
It ’s not unusual for the network to temporarily suspend the weeknight ( and late Friday ) airings of SG - 1 and Atlantis , particularly during holidays .
What is surprising is Syfy ’s apparent last - minute cancellation of the SGU marathon , which it has been advertising for Christmas Day .
The 10 - hour marathon would have given viewers a chance to catch up or rewatch the entire first half of the new show ’s debut season , from 8:30 a.m. ( just after Santa has left ) to 6:30 p.m. in the U.S .
Instead ,
Syfy ’s schedule now indicates that the network will show a movie marathon instead , with a combination of Syfy originals and more mainstream genre films , including Serenity and Total Recall .
Viewers in the U.S. who are looking for a little Stargate fix after Christmas can check local listings for the syndication rerun of Atlantis ‘s “ Ghost In the Machine ” this weekend .
If you ’re still hoping to catch up ( or rewatch ) Universe , the entire series is available for sale , commercial free , on iTunes and Amazon.com .
The last few of episodes are also available with minimal ads for free at Hulu.com !
Stargate Atlantis and SG - 1 are set to return to the 5 p.m. and 6 p.m. time slots ( respectively ) on January 5 .
There are no SGU reruns on the books yet , with new episodes of the show expected to return to the airwaves in April .
UPDATE : Syfy ’s Craig Engler posted the following on Twitter : “ We moved the SGU marathon off Xmas day and are going to run it closer to the mdi-season return .
Typical schedule stuff . ”
Car dealers are seeing buyers come back to their showrooms -- giving the beaten - down auto industry a glimmer of hope that a long - awaited turnaround has begun .
Most automakers Tuesday reported big U.S. sales gains in December , with Ford and Toyota notching gains of more than 30 % .
Hyundai and Kia beat their year - earlier numbers by more than 40 % .
Big discounts , heavy advertising and low finance rates helped jump - start the sales .
Automakers were also helped by the fact that December 2008 was one of the worst auto sales months on record and thus was an easy target to beat .
Still , the size of December ’s increase -- on the heels of a slight uptick in November -- is fueling optimism that the long sales decline is ending .
Advertisement
Experts point to a combination of higher prices for used cars , an aging U.S. auto fleet , a smaller inventory of late - model used vehicles and wider availability of consumer credit for the expected recovery .
“ People ca n’t hold on to their car indefinitely .
At some point they will have to buy either another used car or a new one , ” said Michelle Krebs , an analyst with auto information company Edmunds.com .
Analysts and auto executives expect sales this year to rise at least 10 % , to 11.5 million light vehicles , over last year .
But that ’s far from certain , as sluggish job creation and shaky consumer confidence could put a dent in the strength of the recovery .
“ We are expecting slow and steady improvement , but we are not going to see anything near a boom , ” said Aaron Bragman , an analyst with IHS Global Insight , an economic forecasting firm .
Advertisement
December ’s 15.1 % jump in total sales , to 1.03 million vehicles , according to Autodata Corp. , marked the second consecutive month of year - over - year increases .
Sales in November rose , though by only 139 vehicles .
The only other gain last year came in August , fueled by the federal government ’s cash - for - clunkers stimulus program .
The growth in the last two months is “ a good sign of stability in the market and modest growth ahead , ” said Donald Esmond , senior vice president of Toyota Motor Sales USA Inc .
For the year , though , automakers felt the effects of the recession and growing unemployment .
They sold 10.4 million vehicles last year , down 21.2 % from 2008 and the fewest since 1970 .
Advertisement
Galpin Ford of North Hills sold 803 vehicles last month compared with 327 the same month a year earlier , said Beau Boeckmann , Galpin ’s vice president .
“ It ’s been almost like the good old days here , ” Boeckmann said .
But he remains cautious , noting that even if this year ’s industry sales approach 12 million , the figure would still be below the 2008 total and far lower than the roughly 16 million autos sold a year for much of the last decade .
“ We have seen some improvement , and I think everyone is feeling more confident , but I remain worried about California and the state of its economy , ” Boeckmann said .
Advertisement
David Conant , chief executive of Conant Auto Retail Group , which owns eight Honda , Ford , Toyota , Acura and Infiniti dealerships in Southern California , said his combined sales rose 24 % over December 2008 .
“ It was very encouraging , but it was an easy month to beat , ” Conant said , adding that he would want to see three or four months in a row of similar results “ before I would call it a trend . ”
Ford performed the best of the large U.S. automakers last month , with its sales jumping 33.5 % , to 178,063 , in December compared with the same month in 2008 , according to Autodata .
Full - year sales fell 15.3 % to 1.62 million .
The company ’s share of the U.S. market grew by more than a full percentage point to 15.5 % , the first time Ford has gained annual market share since 1995 .
Yet it ’s still far below the company ’s 24.5 % share of auto sales a decade ago .
Advertisement
Among the other larger manufacturers :
* Toyota sales rose 32.3 % to 187,860 but slipped 20.2 % for the year to 1.8 million .
* American Honda Motor Co. sales jumped 24.5 % to 107,143 , though annual sales fell 19.5 % to 1.2 million .
* Hyundai Motor America monthly sales rose 40.6 % to 33,797 , while sales at sister company Kia Motors America soared 43.7 % to 21,048 .
Together , the two Hyundai - owned brands now have 7.1 % of the U.S. auto market .
Advertisement
* At the other end , General Motors Co. and Chrysler Group , both of which went through a government - backed bankruptcy last spring , saw monthly sales declines of 5.6 % and 3.7 % , respectively .
GM attributed its drop , to 206,670 vehicles , to a corporate strategy of reducing sales to auto rental companies and shutting down its Pontiac and Saturn brands .
GM is still working to close Pontiac , Saturn and Saab and to sell Hummer .
Without them in the mix , sales of its Buick , Cadillac , Chevrolet and GMC cars and trucks rose 2.8 % in December from a year earlier .
Chrysler has lagged behind its rivals all year , but its drop in December sales to 86,523 was an improvement over its sales plunge of 35.9 % for the year to 931,402 -- the first time since 1962 that Chrysler sold fewer than 1 million vehicles .
Chrysler is now managed by Italian auto giant Fiat .
Advertisement
Whether December 2009 marks the industry ’s turnaround or was simply a good month in a bad year remains to be seen .
Some believe that growing environmental awareness and a greater sense of frugality among U.S. consumers will continue to be a drag on auto sales .
Lester Brown , president of Earth Policy Institute , noted that the scrappage rate for old vehicles is creeping up , which he said was a reflection of declining interest in cars -- particularly among younger people in big cities .
“ America ’s century - old love affair with the automobile may be coming to an end , ” he said .
Industry analysts counter that an improving economy and an aging fleet of cars will combine to bolster sales this year .
The median age of a car rose to 9.4 years in 2008 from 8.3 in 2000 , according to auto research firm R.L. Polk & Co .
Advertisement
On top of that , with discounts and incentives , the price gap between new cars and late - model used cars has been narrowing .
“ These kinds of price increases in the used market could cause some consumers to purchase a new car instead of used , ” said Ivan Drury , an Edmunds.com analyst .
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
twitter.com/latimesjerry
HAMDEN , Conn . --
A majority of college football fans want to scrap the current Bowl Championship Series and replace it with a playoff system that 's similar to college basketball , according to a new national poll released Tuesday .
The Quinnipiac University survey shows 63 percent favor getting rid of the current system , while 26 percent want to keep it .
When asked how much they liked the bowl game process , the poll showed fans are mixed .
" College football fans are not in love with the current system in which two teams that play for the national championship are picked by computers , sportswriters and coaches , " said Peter Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute .
" Settle the question on the field , voters say more than two - to - one . "
While more fans may favor a playoff system , they do n't necessarily want Congress to get involved .
The poll shows 48 percent believe it is a bad idea if federal lawmakers force college football to start a playoff system ; 45 percent say it 's a good idea .
Earlier this month , a House subcommittee approved legislation aimed at forcing college football to switch to a playoff system to determine its national champion .
The bill , which goes to the full committee , would make it illegal to promote a national championship game " or make a similar representation , " unless it results from a playoff .
There is no Senate version of the bill .
Shortly after his election last year , President Barack Obama said there should be a playoff system .
Bill Hancock , executive director of the Bowl Championship Series , said a playoff system is easier said than done .
" It 's easy to support a hypothetical playoff on paper , but no one has come up with a viable way to actually create one without diminishing the value of the regular season and ending the bowl games as we know them , " he said .
" Yes , a playoff could be created , but at a tremendous loss to the unique game that we love . "
The survey of 1,849 adults , 948 of whom consider themselves to be very interested or somewhat interested in college football , was conducted Dec. 15 - 20 .
The overall poll has a 2.3 percent margin of error .
Questions asked of fans have a 3.2 percent margin of error .
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 was n't the only game to sell big in November .
Valve said Tuesday that its cooperative zombie shooter Left 4 Dead 2 shuffled two million units across the Xbox 360 and PC during the last two weeks of November .
That 's more than double the sales the original Left 4 Dead managed over the same period last year .
More than a few Black Friday deals offered deep discounts on the game , some knocking the price as low as $ 35 .
Valve also said that news about the first batch of downloadable content for Left 4 Dead 2 will be coming soon .
Perhaps we 'll be finding out whether this Midnight Riders website is more than just a way to sell T - shirts .
Image courtesy Valve
See Also :
Since the facts have a well - known liberal bias , a bunch of wingnuts decided in 2006 to create an alternative to Wikipedia , a liberal cesspool of fact - checking , sources and citations .
They called their new venture Conservapedia , whose chief mission was " to educate advanced , college - bound homeschoolers " .
No longer would young , impressionable minds be corrupted by empirical evidence and so - called " facts " .
With that mission apparently accomplished , they have now turned their attention toward the Bible .
Declaring that " Liberal bias has become the single biggest distortion in modern Bible translations " , they have embarked on an ambitious project to strip all Christian principles from the Christian Bible .
Step 1 -- get rid of Luke 23:34 :[7 ] :
Jesus said , " Father , forgive them , for they do not know what they are doing . "
This quotation is a favorite of liberals but should not appear in a conservative Bible .
Jesus is talking about the Christian principle of forgiveness ?
Cut His mic !
Cut His mic !
Step 2 -- Reaffirm the well - known fact that Jesus was a capitalist :
Socialistic terminology permeates English translations of the Bible , without justification .
This improperly encourages the " social justice " movement among Christians .
Yes , because if there 's one thing that made Jesus puke , it was social justice !
There 's lots more that 's appallingly stupid , but I think I 'll just present their entire set of guidelines for your enjoyment ( btw , # 3 is my favorite ) :
Framework against Liberal Bias : providing a strong framework that enables a thought - for - thought translation without corruption by liberal bias 2 .
Not Emasculated : avoiding unisex , " gender inclusive " language , and other modern emasculation of Christianity
3. Not Dumbed Down : not dumbing down the reading level , or diluting the intellectual force and logic of Christianity ; the NIV is written at only the 7th grade level [ 3 ]
4. Utilize Powerful Conservative Terms : using powerful new conservative terms as they develop ; [ 4 ] defective translations use the word " comrade " three times as often as " volunteer " ; similarly , updating words which have a change in meaning , such as " word " , " peace " , and " miracle " .
5. Combat Harmful Addiction : combating addiction by using modern terms for it , such as " gamble " rather than " cast lots " ; [ 5 ] using modern political terms , such as " register " rather than " enroll " for the census
6. Accept the Logic of Hell : applying logic with its full force and effect , as in not denying or downplaying the very real existence of Hell or the Devil .
7. Express Free Market Parables ; explaining the numerous economic parables with their full free - market meaning
8. Exclude Later - Inserted Liberal Passages : excluding the later - inserted liberal passages that are not authentic , such as the adulteress story
9. Credit Open -Mindedness of Disciples : crediting open - mindedness , often found in youngsters like the eyewitnesses Mark and John , the authors of two of the Gospels
10 . Prefer Conciseness over Liberal Wordiness : preferring conciseness to the liberal style of high word - to - substance ratio ; avoid compound negatives and unnecessary ambiguities ; prefer concise , consistent use of the word " Lord " rather than " Jehovah " or " Yahweh " or " Lord God . "
A big h/t to Sadly , No ! for bringing this to my attention .
A Pharmacological Study of Ayahuasca in Healthy Volunteers Jordi Riba and
Manel J. Barbanoj , M.D. , Ph.D .
This study aims to be the first controlled pharmacological study of ayahuasca in humans undertaken in a Western country and with local volunteers who are familiar with its consumption .
THERE CAN BE few natural psychoactive preparations whose consumption has increased so spectacularly as has that of ayahuasca in Europe over the last decade .
The Amazonian inebriant par excellence , whose Quechuan name means " vine of the souls " or " vine of the dead " enjoys great prestige among several intellectual circles and in certain religious practices of Brazilian origin as a medium facilitating introspection and self knowledge .
The fact that it is natural is highly valued in these spheres , to the detriment of synthetic drugs with analogous properties to which , in contrast , inferior qualities or clearly harmful properties are attributed .
Although ayahuasca is not as widely used by the general public as amphetamine derivatives of the MDMA type are , it has a achieved a certain popularity and is beginning to attract media attention in Spain ; in Summer 1997 a weekly general interest magazine labelled it a " fashionable drug " on the Spanish island of Ibiza .
Our study aims to be the first controlled pharmacological study of ayahuasca in humans undertaken in a Western country and with local volunteers who are familiar with its consumption .
In this first phase we do not intend to discuss the possible adverse psychopathological effects derived from repeated consumption , nor to study the hypothetical therapeutic qualities suggested by some .
In addition to collecting information about the preparation 's pharmacokinetics and tolerability after the administration of different single doses we also aim to place special emphasis on its neurophysiological and subjective effects ; quantitative pharmaco - electroencephalography and an evaluation scale of the subjective effects of hallucinogens , whose validation in Spanish will be undertaken in the course of the project , will be used respectively .
We also aim to model pharmacokinetic - pharmacodynamic relationships using N, N - dimethyltryptamine ( DMT ) plasma levels and the modifications observed in the electroencephalogram .
In addition to the study 's pharmacological aspects we propose to collect information regarding phenomenological aspects of the experience through interviews with the volunteers after the experimental sessions .
This is a very ambitious project indeed and our group is therefore in contact with Rick J. Strassman , a psychiatrist who consulted , and James C. Callaway , a neurochemist who participated in the 1993 Hoasca Project and who have kindly made valuable suggestions for the carrying out of this study .
We shall now take a brief look at the recognised pharmacological aspects of ayahuasca and comment on the objectives and methodological issues of this study .
The pharmacology of ayahuasca
As most readers will be aware , ayahuasca , a brown - reddish drink with a strong taste and smell , is a shamanic drug originating in the Amazon .
It is obtained from infusing the shredded stalk of the malpighiaceous plant Banisteriopsis caapi with the leaves of other plants , generally Dyplopteris cabrerana or Psychotria viridis .
During the cooking process , which may last for hours , a plethora of chemical compounds from these plants enter the infusion .
Banisteriopsis caapi's chief contribution is three alkaloids generically known as ß-carbolines , namely harmine , tetrahydroharmine and to a lesser degree harmaline , while Dyplopteris cabrerana and Psychotria viridis contribute large quantities of N, N - dimethyltryptamine , or simply DMT .
The final chemical compositions of ayahuasca infusions show great variability owing to fluctuations in the alkaloid contents of the plants used in its preparation , the differing extraction times and different practices with regard to the greater or lesser concentration of the infusions once obtained .
Of the four main alkaloids which the drink contains it is DMT which is chiefly responsible for its hallucinogenic effects .
DMT is a potent ultra-short acting hallucinogen present in numerous species of plant growing in temperate and tropical regions .
Before its presence in ayahuasca was discovered it had in fact been identified , along with other indole derivatives in Anadenanthera hallucinogenic snuffs which had been used in South America since before Columbus .
The compound is remarkable within the hallucinogen family because of its pharmacological characteristics ; when administered parenterally it produces extremely strong effects which are felt almost immediately ( intravenously ) or within around ten minutes ( intramuscularly ) , to disappear within the space of about half an hour or forty - five minutes .
Surprisingly , when the drug is administered orally it provokes no psychoactive effects whatsoever , even in doses as high as a gram , appearing to be entirely destroyed in the intestines and at hepatic level by monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) , an enzyme which is widely distributed throughout the body , and thus prevented from reaching systemic circulation and the brain .
Because of DMT 's inactivity when taken orally several other methods of parenteral administration have been used ; Anadenanthera and Virola snuffs are taken through the nose and synthetic DMT has circulated in a free base form for smoking .
On a molecular level DMT interacts equally with serotonin 5 - HT1a and 5 - HT2a / 2 c receptor sites , just like LSD does .
Unlike LSD , however , repeated administration of DMT does not lead to tolerance of the subjective effects , or at least it has not done so in studies carried out to date .
Furthermore , DMT does not show cross tolerance with this classic hallucinogen ; that is , an individual who has developed tolerance to the effects of LSD through repeatedly taking the drug will experience full hallucinogenic effects if administered a dose of DMT .
What is truly extraordinary about ayahuasca is that in a single preparation it combines DMT which is inactive when taken orally with the ß-carbolines referred to above .
These tricyclic compounds , to which proserotonergic and prodopaminergic properties are attributed , lack hallucinogenic activity but in vitro they display a potent inhibiting activity with respect to the MAO enzyme , or to be more precise , the isoenzyme MAO -A .
In line with the generally accepted hypothesis the ß- carbolines ' inhibiting of this enzyme would prevent the oxidative deamination of the DMT , which could then reach and exercise its effects on the central nervous system .
The experience which follows the ingestion of ayahuasca differs from the effects of parenterally administered DMT by being less intense and of greater duration ; the onset of its effects is not instantaneous but occurs approximately an hour after ingestion and the effects usually last for a maximum of two hours , to disappear altogether after around three or four hours .
In addition , adverse events such as nausea and vomiting , which are not observed in the parenteral administration of DMT and which are attributable to the action of the ß-carbolines , frequently occur .
The inhibiting of the MAO brings with it an increase in endogenous catecholamine and serotonin levels which would modulate the effects of the DMT , either reinforcing them or , as has also been postulated , reducing them given that the DMT now has to compete for the 5 - HT2 receptor with higher serotonin levels .
Design of the study and objectives
The study will be carried out at Hospital St. Pau in Barcelona and has been approved by the hospital 's Ethics Committee and by the Spanish Ministry of Health , which is responsible for approving clinical studies undertaken in the country .
A total of 18 healthy volunteers of both sexes will participate , all of whom are acquainted with the effects of ayahuasca , or if not , with other hallucinogens .
The study has been designed to take advantage of the presence of local people who are aware of the effects of ayahuasca and are in principle willing to take part in a study of this nature .
The inclusion of individuals with experience of these drugs was decided on at the outset ; using subjects who were not familiar with them seemed to us ethically unacceptable , a criterion which would doubtless be shared by any ethics committee , granted that the use of such drugs is not entirely without risk .
To minimalize the risk of adverse reactions appearing during the sessions special emphasis will be placed on the psychiatric examination of volunteers during the selection stage , and they will be put in contact with team members and able to familiarise themselves with the facilities in which the study will be carried out before the sessions begin .
They will also be fully informed as to the nature and objectives of the study and will be required to give prior written consent to their participation .
During the course of the investigation two doses of ayahuasca ( 0.5 and 0.8 mg/kg of DMT ) and one placebo will be administered .
The study has been designed as a double blind , that is , neither the subject nor the researcher will know whether the drug administered is ayahuasca or a placebo , and if it should be ayahuasca they will not know the size of the dose .
The double blind condition will be maintained until the information gathered is analyzed .
The investigation will be cross-over and randomized , which is to say that the 18 participant subjects will receive the three preparations in totally random order , and a washout period of two weeks between experimental sessions will also be established .
Given the study 's double blind nature the ayahuasca used will not be administered in its normal liquid form , as the preparation 's appearance , color and flavor would prevent its being administered without the subject 's knowledge .
To achieve efficient masking the following process will be carried out : the ayahuasca will undergo a lyophilization process in which the water in the infusion is eliminated in a high vacuum chamber at low temperature , after which the solid obtained will be homogenised and analyzed .
In this way the different alkaloid concentrations per gram of lyophilized product can be determined and the doses adjusted according to the main active element , DMT .
Finally , a quantity of the lyophilized substance corresponding to 0.5 mg/kg and 0.8 mg/kg of DMT will be encapsulated for each subject ; the quantity of ß-carbolines administered in each dose will also inevitably vary .
Instead of obtaining natural ayahuasca , lyophilizing and encapsulating it , we initially considered the option of administering a synthetic analogue which combined variable quantities of DMT with fixed quantities of ß-carbolines .
This would have permitted the elimination of the " background noise " of increasing levels of ß-carbolines and other undesirable effects predominantly attributable to these compounds , but would have yielded results that could not have been applied to the natural preparation , which is ultimately the subject of the study .
So , the study 's objectives are as follows : 1 . Description of the pharmacokinetics of N,N - dimethyltrypt-amine and ß-carbolines , the main alkaloids in ayahuasca , after the oral administration of increasing doses of the preparation .
2 . In vivo determination of MAO inhibition provoked by ayahuasca .
3 . Quantification of ayahuasca 's pharmacological effects on the central nervous system : neurophysiological and subjective effects .
4 . General tolerability of the preparation .
5 . Study of the concentration - response relationships ( PK / PD ) .
Pharmacokinetics
The aim is to study the pharmacokinetics of the four main alkaloids present in ayahuasca , that is their absortion , distribution and elimination through determining their plasma levels at regular intervals .
So , having administered two single different doses the plasma levels of N, N - dimethyltryptamine , harmine , harmaline and tetrahydroharmine will be quantified .
The MAOI effect
On a peripheral level the pharmacodynamic effect studied will be the inhibiting of the monoamine oxidase enzyme previously referred to .
Blocking noradrenaline , dopamine and serotonin's natural metabolic breakdown pathway leads to measurable variations of these compounds in plasma and , in the case of dopamine and noradrenaline , to variations in the relationships between the metabolites obtained through this pathway and those deriving from the action of another degrading enzyme named catechol - O- methyl - transferase or COMT .
One of this study 's objectives is the in vivo verification of the inhibiting of MAO associated with ayahuasca , the effect which is generally assumed to be responsible for DMT 's activity when administered orally .
An alternative method traditionally used to study MAOI activity consists of determining the degree of platelet MAO inhibition ; in comparison with the determination of monoamines and their metabolites in plasma , this approach does not have the drawback of requiring a complex analytical technique .
However , its use in the study of selective inhibitors of MAO has been called into question as the predominant isoenzyme in the platelets is MAO - B , which consequently would only be inhibited by drugs with either non-selective blocking activity or one specific to isoenzyme B. Effects on the Central Nervous System
There are many problems inherent in studying the effects of hallucinogens on the central nervous system .
Their eminently subjective nature hinders quantification and the fact that they are highly incapacitating makes it difficult for volunteers to undertake tasks or communicate with the evaluator .
The evaluation of drugs ' effects on the central nervous system is usually carried out via psychomotor performance tests and by using questionnaires to which the subject responds at regular intervals before and after taking the drug , or which may be completed by the evaluator according to the volunteer 's responses .
These tests and scales have been used with numerous psychoactive drugs which , although potent , do not completely prevent the subject from performing tasks nor from interacting with the evaluator .
However , given the profound alteration of consciousness experienced by the subject after a hallucinogen has been administered and the overwhelming nature per se of the effects of hallucinogens , asking the subject to actively collaborate by completing these scales is not feasible .
Certain Visual Analogic Scales ( VAS ) which require minimal cooperation from the subject , and questionnaires which may be completed once the drugs ' effects have worn off , are perhaps an exception .
Subjective effects study
The subjective effects will be studied through the use of scales which permit the ayahuasca 's effects to be quantified .
However , the subjects will not respond to the questions until the effects of the ayahuasca have worn off .
One of the scales for use is the Hallucinogen Rating Scale developed by Rick J. Strassman , which has been translated by our group and whose validation in Spanish forms part of the study .
The scale contains 100 items grouped according to six clinical factors which are characteristically affected by hallucinogens : cognition , volition , somaesthesia , intensity , perception and affect .
According to its author , this scale describes the effects produced by DMT more accurately than pre-existing scales , which were compiled on the basis of data gathered after the administration of LSD .
This scale does not permit the time sequence of the drug 's effects to be followed and it will not therefore be possible to establish correlations with plasma levels , but it does allow the overall quantification of these effects to obtain numerical values which in principle will be in relation to the dose of the drug administered .
One of the study 's objectives , therefore , is to verify the validity of a scale which , despite being designed for a specific compound ( DMT ) and a specific means of administration ( intravenous ) also aims to be of use with other hallucinogenic drugs and other methods of administration .
Neurophysiological study
An alternative method which does not require the volunteer 's cooperation and is therefore free from the limitations mentioned above is quantitative pharmaco - electroencephalography .
This neurophysiological method , which is totally painless , non-invasive and causes minimal distress to the individual , permits the continuous registration of variations in the electrical activity of the brain cortex caused by drugs which act on the central nervous system .
The electrical activity picked up by electrodes placed on the scalp is measured at regular intervals and can then be digitalized and submitted to a frequency analysis from which a series of variables is extracted .
These then undergo statistical analysis to determine whether any of the 32 variables characteristically generated by the brain 's electrical activity has been significantly altered with the administration of the drug , and whether the variation is dose - dependent .
The relative simplicity of registering this electrical activity allows information to be obtained continuously throughout the experimental session .
This permits the subsequent correlation of the plasma levels of the drug administered ( pharmacokinetic variable ) , in this case DMT , with the effect it sets in motion on the cortex 's electrical activity ( pharmacodynamic variable ) in an integrated pharmacokinetic - pharmacodynamic model .
Tolerability
Tolerability refers to the modifications observed in the subject 's vital signs after the drug 's administration and any event , either physical or psychological , regarded as unpleasant by the subject .
The following vital signs will be measured at varying intervals during the experimental sessions : systolic and diastolic blood pressure , heart rate and body temperature ; as all these variables can be modified by the different activation of the serotonergic pathways , variations in their rates and levels can be expected .
All adverse events which may be produced will also be registered .
In addition , electrocardiograms and clinical analyses will be carried out between the experimental sessions to check whether these parameters have been affected by the administration of the ayahuasca .
Pharmacokinetic - pharmacodynamic modelling
We intend to approach the task of correlating pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics through using data on the evolution of the DMT plasma concentrations and information from the encephalography , in such a way that will enable us to describe the evolution of the ayahuasca 's effects for each individual .
This approach aims to go beyond classical dose - response curves , which are subject to great individual variability because of factors which may not be of a pharmacokinetic nature .
Using this approach in the present study is particularly attractive because we are faced with a prototypical case of theoretic applicability in that the biophase ( CNS ) of the main active constituent ( DMT ) is clearly outside the denominated central compartment ( plasma ) so the maximum plasma concentrations and maximum central effect can be expected to be out of phase to a certain extent .
Conclusion and acknowledgements
To summarise , this study aims to contribute to knowledge of the acute effects of ayahuasca , a plant hallucinogen which is widely used in South America and is becoming increasingly popular in our culture .
Including highly - motivated volunteers who are acquainted with its effects will ensure the safety of the experimental sessions as far as possible and will permit the study of the pharmacokinetics at increasing dose levels , central neurophysiological and subjective effects , tolerability , and peripheral effects of a preparation whose characteristics are highly interesting from a pharmacological point of view and which has scarcely been studied up to the time of writing .
We wish to express our gratitude to Dr. Rick J. Strassman at the University of British Columbia ( Canada ) for his advice on translating the Hallucinogenic Rating Scale , and to Dr. James C. Callaway at the University of Kuopio ( Finland ) for his useful suggestions and support in this early stage of the study and for offering to analyze the ayahuasca samples which will be used .
Finally , we would also like to thank Rick Doblin and Sylvia Thyssen at MAPS for kindly inviting us to make our project known to the Bulletin 's readers .
Authors from left : Jordi Riba and Manel J. Barbanoj , M.D. , Ph.D. Questions relating to this study should be addressed to :
Jordi Riba
Area d'Investigació Farmacològica
Institut de Recerca , Hospital de Sant Pau
Sant Antoni Maria Claret 167
Barcelona 08024 SPAIN
E-mail : ifarm@santpau.es
Viewers are tuning in for Stargate Universe ... but the time slot ?
They do n't like it so much .
Viewers are tuning in for Stargate Universe … but the time slot ?
They do n’t like it so much .
SGU ranked # 5 in Nielsen ’s list of the shows which gain the most from DVR ( as a percentage of their premiere night audience ) , according to TV By the Numbers .
The third Stargate series has been picking up an average of 46.9 percent more viewers in the seven days after the Friday night broadcast , thanks to time - shifted viewing .
The show is averaging 2.6 million viewers so far , when the DVR boost is factored in .
Leading the pack for 2009 is Syfy ’s Battlestar Galactica , which saw a 59.4 percent increase in viewership due to DVR time - shifting .
Four shows increased their audience by more than 50 percent , and six of the top 10 are in the sci - fi / fantasy genre ( BSG , SGU , True Blood , Sanctuary , Heroes , and Terminator ) .
These numbers , of course , do n’t account for those watching the show on Hulu , iTunes , Amazon.com and other ( less savory ) means .
Friday night has been the standard for the Stargate franchise since SG - 1 bowed on Showtime in 1997 , and on Syfy in 2002 .
Though it is one of the least - watched nights of the week for television , Fridays have proven stable for genre programs … at least on cable .
When Syfy briefly tried moving Battlestar to Sunday nights , its numbers sank .
Syfy ’s highest rated original dramas , though , do n’t air on Friday nights at all .
The summer series Warehouse 13 and Eureka have aired on Tuesdays — though during the summer , when competition from the major broadcast networks is lower .
Check out the full chart at TV By the Numbers .
Stargate Universe returns to Syfy in April .
( We ’ve had to close down a road due to a car crash in a snow storm .
Fire trucks and ambulances are there with lights flashing to block the road .
I ’m at one side of the street directing traffic . )
Driver : * slows down looking at the scene * “ What happened ? ”
Me : “ Accident , ma’am .
Please keep moving . ”
Driver : “ Can I go down the street ?
It ’s a shortcut . ”
Me : “ The road is closed , but you need to keep moving .
You are going to cause another accident . ”
Driver : “ I did n’t cause any accident !
I ’m a good driver .
How dare you imply that I ’m not ?!
I ’m just trying to get home .
Why are you being so rude ?!
I will have your badge , you little b****! ”
Me : “ Ma’am , if you are not going to move then you need to pull to the side of the road now ! ”
Driver : “ I pay your salary !
You are supposed to help people !
Do n’t you want me to get home ?
I have a family , you know ! ”
Me : “ Ma’am , if you do not pull to the side of the road right now or drive away I am going to arrest you . ”
Driver : “ Fine ! ”
( With that , she drives straight down the closed street and nearly hits me .
Due to all the snow she loses control and crashes into one of the parked cruisers . )
Driver : “ This is all your fault !
Why did n’t you tell me the road was closed ? ! ”
Did you find this story using our Emergency Services roundup ?
Click here to read the next story !
Click here to get back to the roundup !
Forensic officers at Policing Board headquarters examine a car which contained a 400 lb bomb
Dissident republicans have been blamed for leaving a car containing a 400 lb bomb outside the Policing Board 's headquarters in Belfast .
The device in the car , which had been driven through a barrier by two men who then ran off , partially exploded at about 1900 GMT on Saturday .
Meanwhile , four men have been arrested following a gun attack on police officers in Garrison , County Fermanagh .
Dissident republicans are also thought to have been behind this attack .
Officers returned fire during the incident on Saturday night .
There were no reports of injuries .
It is understood the attack in Garrison was an attempt to kill a police officer who lived in the village .
It does not appear that the officer was at home at the time of the attack .
Very clearly these people are trying to undermine the progress that has been made in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland Security Minister Paul Goggins
More reaction to dissident attacks
Three of those arrested were detained by the PSNI , while the Irish police arrested a fourth man in Dooard , Rossinver , in County Leitrim on Saturday night .
He is currently detained under Section 30 of the Offences Against the State Act. Northern Ireland Security Minister Paul Goggins said those behind the attacks showed reckless and criminal intent .
" Very clearly these people are trying to undermine the progress that has been made in Northern Ireland in recent years , " he said .
" When attacks like these happen it brings people together with the strong message that these dissidents will not succeed . "
PSNI Chief Constable Matt Baggott said the car bomb was a substantial device which could have caused significant damage and reckless loss of life .
He said : " None of this will deter us from the delivery of excellent good policing to all people and communities in Northern Ireland and we are determined to bring those people responsible to justice . "
Earlier this month , the Independent Monitoring Commission ( IMC ) reported that the dissident republican threat in Northern Ireland was at its highest level for almost six years .
The IMC said the two main dissident republican groups , the Real IRA and the Continuity IRA , were working more closely together to increase the threat posed to security forces .
On 7 March , the Real IRA killed sappers Mark Quinsey , 23 , and Patrick Azimkar , 21 , at Massereene Army base in Antrim .
Two days later the Continuity IRA shot PSNI Constable Stephen Paul Carroll in Craigavon , County Armagh .
In the period covered by the report , 1 March until 31 August , there have been 11 attempts to kill other PSNI officers in Northern Ireland .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Green believers give no indication of slowing their quest for carbon dioxide control .
On December 7 , 2009 , coincident with the convening of the since - failed Climate Conference in Copenhagen , the USEPA made final the " finding " that greenhouse gases , including carbon dioxide , threaten human health and the environment .
According to alarmists and the Obama administration , there is a scientific " consensus " that man 's activities threaten our planet with detrimental global warming , dangerous sea - level rise , disease , and more destructive storms .
Even though the North Pole had open water in the 1940s , and temperatures were higher both in the middle ages and 7,000 years ago , we are said to be in danger .
An atmospheric trace gas ( CO2 ) is the supposed culprit , even though plants depend on it to live and there used to be much more of it in the atmosphere .
On December 9 , news reports said " the Obama administration is warning Congress that if it does n't move to regulate greenhouse gases , the Environmental Protection Agency will take a ' command - and - control ' role over the process in a way that could hurt business . "
The threat is to use the Clean Air Act .
This ploy is basically extortion .
As an experienced lawyer , I bristle at this brutish tactic to induce business to plead for the mercy of the regulatory guillotine instead of being drawn and quartered .
I think too many law firms and consultants are playing the politically correct game of being silent and just giving their clients notice of new rules .
They stay mum on policy out of fear of criticism or loss of client loyalty .
This is short - sighted and not really in the best interest of their clients .
Counselors and consultants should give meaningful advice , even if it is sometimes unpopular .
Given the evidence of data manipulation and falsification by alarmist " scientists " and many of the assumptions or assertions of the IPCC and the alarmists , this " go along " attitude is looking less like prudent caution and more like disbelieving " good Germans " afraid to confront reality .
Most Americans do not understand the chokehold carbon dioxide control would give government over almost everything we do .
Giving government the power to allot carbon dioxide gives it essential control over most means of production .
This is " the road to serfdom " that the great F.A. Hayek warned about .
Whether global warming is occurring at a significantly increased and dangerous pace over normal variations because of mankind is the issue .
Very credible data show and numerous scientists contend that there is little effect on climate from carbon dioxide emissions , and that mankind 's contribution of carbon dioxide to the alleged problem is not predominant to boot .
I recommend to all the report " Climate Change Reconsidered " on the web at NIPCC .
Public companies must account to their stockholders for material risks from regulations and proposed laws .
At this point , the red tape and cost in the laws proposed to deal with global warming pose a higher risk to the health of most American businesses than the changes that may or may not occur in climate .
( Indeed , if you want to discuss real climate risk , perhaps you should be discussing the risk of global cooling , which has serious basis in science . )
American businesses now face the prospect of government regulating how they buy and use energy and produce products , falsely pitched as a way to protect the Earth 's climate .
They need to challenge such regulation .
They need to consider saying that carbon dioxide regulation poses a systemic risk to free enterprise and the health of the economy .
The " science " demonstrating that global warming is man 's fault lacks credible proofs .
The very capacity of the so - called general circulation models relied on by the United Nations ' IPCC to predict the future has been disproved in several ways .
Other important IPCC assumptions are wrong , too .
Now that evidence of conscious manipulation of fundamental historic data has been revealed , perhaps the " skeptic " side will get a hearing .
If it does n't , we will be shooting ourselves in the gut .
If Waxman - Markey passes , the federal government will supervise all forms of industrial , residential , and commercial energy use .
That bill will charge for carbon , impose a " cap- and - trade " system , and mandate renewable energy standards and energy efficiency requirements for American business and industry .
There will be a tight nationwide system of federal supervision and regulation of energy use and climate control efforts reaching down to local building codes and housing inspectors .
The 1,427 pages of the bill are a monument to the ambition of some to have rules for everything .
Indeed , even some of the most ardent alarmists say that the bill will do little to change the future climate .
However , it will cost staggering sums and countless wasted man-hours .
Furthermore , the emphasis on " green energy " in the bill is an engineering pipe dream because the " green " sources relied on and subsidized are inherently inadequate for the task on a national scale , and emphasis on them also would cause hardship in the third world .
The threat to use the Clean Air Act to control carbon dioxide has a somewhat hollow ring to me .
I would call the administration 's bluff .
Let me explain .
The two principal programs that affect business under the Clean Air Act are the Stationary Source programs of Title I and the Motor Vehicle programs in Title II .
( Also , there is a separate " acid rain " program that affects utilities primarily and does not include greenhouse gases . )
Under Title I , the basic starting point for the development of regulations is the establishment of " air quality criteria . "
Once those criteria are in place , the states or federal government plan for an emission - control regime that will achieve a healthy or safe level of the pollutant -- i.e. one that will meet the air quality criteria .
The " finding " of the administrator was not made under Title I .
In fact , its legality is highly questionable even under Title II .
I seriously doubt the EPA can escape a duty to develop national air quality standards under Section 108 ( b ) of the Act based on statutory history and the case law .
Promulgating such standards requires consideration of " all relevant science " before it can occur .
In short , if this is made into a fight over genuine science , with rules in play about the competence of evidence and witnesses , I have little doubt that the skeptic view will win .
People need to see the wolves in green clothing for what they are : charlatans .
Honest environmentalists need to stop their unquestioning clamor , revisit the science , and recognize the truth , lest the very good cause they serve be seriously harmed .
Americans and American business should not knuckle under to this cynical and corrupt power grab .
Before new policy and rules are made , we must demand a thorough airing of the climate science with a fair and honest process by a reliable investigating team .
It will not be that hard to root out the fudging and falsification of data .
This is the fight that will define the twenty - first century as either a time when mankind advances due to honest enterprise , quality science , and technical achievement ... or we are subjugated by government micro-regulation from manipulative control freaks based on false and slanted data from grant recipients with no scruples .
I was a British Ambassador at the time of the events covered by the Iraq Inquiry .
I know many of the witnesses and a great deal of the background .
I can therefore see right through the smooth presentation .
Jack Straw was the smoothest of all – but he told lie after lie .
Straw ’s biggest and most important lie goes right to the heart of the question of whether the war was legal .
Did UN Security Council Resolution 1441 provide a legal basis for the invasion , or would a second resolution specifically authorising military action have been required ?
The UK certainly put a massive amount of diplomatic effort into obtaining a second resolution .
Here is Straw ’s argument that the invasion was legal without a second resolution :
SIR LAWRENCE FREEDMAN :
Then you make a point very strongly in your statement and this has been confirmed by Sir Jeremy Greenstock that you did not believe that military action thereafter , in the event of noncompliance , would depend on a second resolution .
It would be desirable but it was n’t dependent on that .
We are not , today , going into the legal arguments on that .
Sir Jeremy ’s basic contention was that he had got the Americans and British into a comparable position as before Desert Fox in December 1998 .
So I think that ’s quite important , that your understanding , at least of the position , was that it was n’t absolutely essential to have a second resolution .
RT HON JACK STRAW : I was not in any doubt about that and neither was Jeremy Greenstock , and for very good reasons , which is that there had been talk by the French and Germans of a draft which would have required a second resolution , but they never tabled it .
We tabled a draft , which , as I set out in this memorandum , and which Sir Jeremy Greenstock confirms in his memorandum , was aimed to be selfcontained , in the sense that , if very important conditions were met through failures by the Saddam regime , that of itself would provide sufficient authority for military action , and no doubt the next time we will get into the wording of the resolution , which , as I say in this memorandum , I can virtually recite in my sleep , but there are reasons why in OP12 we use the language that we do , and serious consequences are mentioned in OP13 and so on .
For sure , we wanted a second resolution after that and well , again , I set out SIR LAWRENCE FREEDMAN :
We will come on to that in a moment .
http://www.iraqinquiry.org.uk/media/43198/100121pm-straw.pdf
As Ambassador in an Islamic country , I was copied all or nearly all of the telegrams of instruction on the diplomatic efforts to secure a second resolution .
I can tell you these facts as an eye - witness .
Straw argues that the proof that no second resolution was needed is that
I was not in any doubt about that and neither was Jeremy Greenstock , and for very good reasons , which is that there had been talk by the French and Germans of a draft which would have required a second resolution , but they never tabled it .
But they did not table it because we gave assurances to the French and Germans ( and Russians and Chinese ) that our draft of UNSCR 1441 did not authorise military action .
The instructions were to inform those governments that UNSCR 1441 contained “ no automatic trigger ” which would lead to military action .
I remember the phrase precisely “ no automatic trigger ” .
Rod Lyne on the committee must remember it too , because he was one of the people , as Ambassador in Moscow , instructed to give that message .
It is the most perverse of lies by Straw to argue that the fact that the Germans and French did not table their draft proved that 1441 authorised war , when we had told them not to table their draft because 1441 did not authorise war .
I read with enormous care and in real time every single word of the scores of telegrams on the effort to secure the second resolution .
Not one word gave any hint at all that a second resolution might not be necessary to authorise war .
There was absolutely no mention in telegrams to Embassies of the notion that UNSCR 1441 was a sufficient basis for war , and no second resolution needed , until many weeks after 1441 was passed , just before the invasion .
STOP PRESS ADDITION
In response to New Labour hacks questioning my word , I can offer you irrefutable evidence to back up my own evidence that all the FCO material at the time of the adoption of UNSCR 1441 and for weeks afterwards right up until March , took the view that UNSCR 1441 did not provide legal grounds for the invasion .
It is the resignation letter of Deputy FCO Legal Adviser Elizabeth Wilmshurst in which she stated :
“ I cannot agree that it is lawful to use force against Iraq without a second Security Council resolution to revive the authorisation given in SCR 678 .
I do not need to set out my reasoning ; you are aware of it .
My views accord with the advice that has been given consistently in this office before and after the adoption of UN security council resolution 1441 and with what the attorney general gave us to understand was his view prior to his letter of 7 March .
( The view expressed in that letter has of course changed again into what is now the official line . ) “
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/4377605.stm
All FCO instructions in the period to which I refer would have had to be in line with the view expressed by FCO legal advisers at that time .
That view was precisely as I have stated it above .
This part of Straw ’s evidence is therefore a huge lie .
There were numerous other minor lies from Straw .
It is completely untrue that we had persuaded the three African security council members to support a second resolution authorising war .
Baroness ’
Amos mission to Francophone states we had ignored for years was a miserable failure .
That was clear from reporting telegrams from posts .
It ’s a small point , but Straw ’s lie that upset me most personally was :
I do n’t in the least mind people disagreeing with me , indeed I encourage it , but I do ask them to be loyal , because , otherwise , you ca n’t operate any kind of governmental system .
I disagreed with Straw , over the issue of the use of torture to gain intelligence in the “ War on Terror ” .
I was very loyal .
I kep my disagreement entirely internal and argued it in top secret telegrams and internal policy meetings .
As a result of my disagreeing , Straw attempted to have me framed on false charges , destroying my health in the process and leaking false accusations to the tabloids to ruin my reputation too .
When my name was finally cleared , they had to give me six year ’s salary to settle .
I defy anyone to read Murder in Samarkand and say Straw is not a liar .
Known as " the Salvador Dali ; of the kitchen , " Ferran Adrià of El Bulli on Spain 's Catalonian coast has a cultlike following for his cerebral cooking .
His inventive techniques challenge conventional notions of how food should look , taste and feel .
Each year , some two million would - be diners angle for a reservation at El Bulli , which is only open half the year ; for the other half , Adrià retreats to a workshop to perfect dishes like the " red mullet mummy " ( left ) .
It was the Alaska State Fair , August 2008 .
I passed the Right to Life stand with my daughter 's face on their poster .
" That 's you , baby - girl , " I said to Piper .
" There 's no member of this family your momma would n't sell out to promote her career . "
As we watched three commy abortionists being burned to death , Senator McCain called my cell phone .
Would I like to help him lose the presidential race ?
My parents moved to Alaska when I was three and I fell in love with the outdoors and killing things .
Swearing the Oath of Allegiance in school gave me a sense of civic pride and I vowed to serve America and go to church a lot .
After coming runner - up , and last , in the Miss Alaska pageant , I married Todd Palin , a guy with his own snow mobile who blessed me with five children :
Track , " we'd have called him hockey if he'd been born in the winter " ; Bristol , " Todd said he hoped she 'd have a rack like mine " ; Willow , " we misspelled pillow " ; Piper , " after our light aircraft " ; and Trig , " short for the trigger on our AK47 " .
" Dang it , " I thought , " this election campaign is getting mighty dirty . "
But Todd told me God had a purpose for me and after praying for his guidance , I was duly elected mayor of Wasilla by nine votes to six .
Various stories have been told about how I dismissed a librarian for stocking anti-American literature on evolution and how I tried to get my brother - in - law fired from his job as a state trooper .
Well I do n't have space in this 400 - page book to go into this in any detail , but if I did I would say that anyone who messes with God or my family has to deal with this pitbull in lipstick !
My proudest moment in office was seeing off an attempt by the police chief to introduce gun and alcohol controls .
I hate liberals who do n't understand how things work in the 49th State .
It is a God - given right for any Alaskan to get drunk and take out anything that moves .
Why else did God create guns ?
Would
He have made animals out of meat if He had wanted us to be vegetarians ?
Having served on the Oil Commission , I realised that Alaskan politics was rife with corruption and the waste of public funds , and when I was elected governor in 2006 by 73 votes to 59 I vowed to end pork - barrel politics .
Mysteriously , though , I find I have omitted my initial support for the " Bridge to Nowhere , Jobs for the Boys " scheme , a $ 300 m construction project to build a bridge to reach 11 people .
I would rather now concentrate on my vice - presidential campaign .
" Tell me what you know about American foreign policy , " McCain said , when we met at his ranch in Arizona .
" About as much as the average American , " I replied .
" So that 's nothing , then . "
" Hell , Senator .
I do n't need to know anything about the history of the Middle East to know the Iraqis are all a bunch of Russian Czechoslovakian Shiites . "
" Where do you stand on God ? "
" Sarah Palin wo n't hold back on God , Senator .
I 'm proud to believe in the book of Genesis that says the Garden of Eden was in Alaska .
Jeez , every December I even go out hunting dinosaurs . "
For some reason I did n't get to see much of Senator McCain after this and although there were great moments , such as talking to President Sarkozy of Paris , Texas on the phone , our campaign never really took off and we were narrowly beaten by 250 m votes to 23 .
The mud-slinging started in earnest once we returned to Alaska .
Rumours about my marriage circulated – dang it , why would I want to divorce a man with the biggest skidoo in Anchorage ?
– but most damaging were the complaints about my ethical conduct , all of which have been dismissed except the ones that have n't .
So I wo n't be standing for governor again .
But if the American people are as stupid as I think they are , it 's Palin for president in ' 12 !
Digested read , digested : Going Rouge , An American Embarrassment .
China hits back at US over Taiwan weapons sale
The US has a treaty obligation to help towards Taiwan 's defence China has announced a series of moves against the US in retaliation for a proposed weapons sale to Taiwan worth $ 6.4bn ( £ 4bn ) .
Beijing said it would suspend military exchanges with the US , review co-operation on major issues and impose sanctions on companies selling arms .
Ties are already strained by rows over trade and internet censorship .
Taiwan 's president welcomed the sale , saying it would make his country " more confident and secure " .
The US State Department also defended the move on Saturday , saying the arms sales contributed to security and stability between Taiwan and China , Reuters reported .
Beijing has hundreds of missiles pointed at the island and has threatened to use force to bring it under its control if Taiwan moved towards formal independence .
ANALYSIS Damian Grammaticas , BBC News , Beijing
You would expect China to react angrily to any proposed arms sale to Taiwan , but this time it seems to be going further than before .
Suspending military exchanges is a classic reply from Beijing and it may not even concern the US too much .
China 's threat to impose sanctions on US firms supplying arms to Taiwan is interesting if perplexing .
It 's unclear what " sanctions " would involve in practice , since US firms are n't allowed to sell arms to China China 's threat to withdraw co-operation on key international and regional issues is the most serious one .
Here China can make life difficult for Washington .
It can complicate US attempts to deal with nuclear programmes in Iran and North Korea , it can refuse to help in currency and trade issues .
But what is China trying to achieve by sounding so furious ?
Maybe Beijing 's real aim is to try to deter America from future arms sales - for example the fighter jets and submarines which Taiwan really wants .
Taiwan and China have been ruled by separate governments since the end of a civil war in 1949 .
China 's Xinhua state news agency quoted the defence ministry as saying : " Considering the severe harm and odious effect of US arms sales to Taiwan , the Chinese side has decided to suspend planned mutual military visits . "
" We strongly demand that the US respect the Chinese side 's interests " , it added , calling for the sale to be stopped .
The foreign ministry , meanwhile , said it would impose sanctions on US companies selling weapons to Taiwan , and that co-operation on major international issues would be affected .
But the US , like the EU , has banned its companies selling arms to China since the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre , so it was not clear what effect the Chinese move would have .
Xinhua also said the US defence attache had been summoned .
Defence ties between the two countries have been difficult for several years because of differences over Taiwan , but the two countries ' leaders pledged to improve them in 2009 .
' More confident '
The moves came after Mr He said the arms deal would have " repercussions that neither side wishes to see " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The United States ' announcement of the planned weapons sales to Taiwan will have a seriously negative impact on many important areas of exchanges and co-operation between the two countries , " Mr He said in a statement published on the foreign ministry website .
Earlier China summoned US Ambassador Jon Huntsman to give a warning about the consequences of the deal and to urge its immediate cancellation .
Taiwan , meanwhile , welcomed the US move .
" It will let Taiwan feel more confident and secure so we can have more interactions with China , " the Central News Agency quoted President Ma Ying - jeou as saying .
The Pentagon earlier notified the US Congress of the proposed arms sale , which forms part of a package first pledged by the Bush administration .
PROPOSED ARMS SALE 114 Patriot missiles ( $ 2.81 bn ) 60 Black Hawk helicopters ( $ 3.1 bn ) Communication equipment ( $ 340 m ) 2 Osprey mine - hunting ships ( $ 105 m ) 12 Harpoon missiles ( $ 37 m ) Source : Defense Security Co-operation Agency Friday 's notification to Congress by the Defense Security Co-operation Agency ( DSCA ) was required by law .
It does not mean the sale has been concluded .
US lawmakers have 30 days to comment on the proposed sale , Associated Press reported .
If there are no objections , it would proceed .
The arms package includes 114 Patriot missiles , 60 Black Hawk helicopters and communications equipment for Taiwan 's F - 16 fleet , the agency said in a statement .
It does not include F - 16 fighter jets , which Taiwan 's military has been seeking .
Our correspondent says the deal has been in the pipeline for a long time and is nearing its conclusion , but China does want to stop it .
Beijing has previously warned the US not to go ahead with arms sales to Taiwan .
TAIWAN - CHINA RELATIONS
Ruled by separate governments since end of Chinese civil war in 1949 China considers the island part of its territory China has offered a " one country , two systems " solution , like Hong Kong Most people in Taiwan support status quo
Guide to Taiwan flashpoint Last week US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton angered Beijing with a call to China to investigate cyber attacks on search giant Google , after the company said email accounts of human rights activists had been hacked .
The DSCA said the proposed sale would support Taiwan 's " continuing efforts to modernise its armed forces and enhance its defensive capability . "
It added : " The proposed sale will help improve the security of the recipient and assist in maintaining political stability , military balance , and economic progress in the region . "
The US is the leading arms supplier to Taiwan , despite switching diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing in 1979 .
Washington regards it as an obligation to provide Taiwan with defensive arms .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON -- Chris
Osgood did n’t like sitting out for one month and did n’t agree with how Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock handled the team ’s goaltending rotation -- or lack thereof .
" At the start of the year , Howie ( Jimmy Howard ) did n’t play for about a month and then I did n’t play for a month , ’’ Osgood said before Tuesday ’s 3 - 2 loss to the Washington Capitals at the Verizon Center .
“ To me , that ’s not a good way of doing things , to let one guy get stagnant .
" You have to have both guys going , especially with the amount of games we have , especially coming back after the Olympic break .
We have 15 games in March .
So we have to have two guys ( playing ) in case something happens . ’’
Osgood ’s workload probably wo n’t increase anytime soon .
Babcock has said he will continue playing the hotter goalie more often , which is Howard , who will start Thursday in Minnesota .
“ Just go with the flow , ’’ Osgood said after the game .
“ It ’s tough .
Obviously , you want to get back in there playing , but you got to work with what you can get . ’’
Osgood ’s last start was on Dec. 20 , a 3 - 0 loss in Chicago .
His only appearance since then was a 31 - minute mop - up stint in a 6 - 0 loss at the New York Islanders on Jan. 12 .
He believes rustiness attributed to his performance -- he stopped 20 - of - 23 shots Tuesday .
“ It was tough .
I have n’t played in a month , ’’ Osgood said .
“ I think if I played a little more -- they were good goals , but still I would have stopped them if I were in more of a groove .
It was tough , especially against a team that does n’t shoot a lot but waits for their best chances . ’’
Asked if the loss is tougher to take because the team is desperate for points , Osgood said , “ I got him ( Babcock ) a lot of points .
I got him to the ( Stanley Cup ) finals twice . ''
Osgood said he will be ready for the playoffs , though Babcock indicated he obviously does n’t need to decide now who will start in the postseason .
“ I wish I would have played earlier .
Howie was playing great , but you do n’t like to be ( idle ) that amount of time , ’’ Osgood said .
“ Just worked hard in practice with Jimmy ( goaltending coach Bedard ) .
Obviously , it was frustrating not playing for that length of time . ’’
Asked how important it is for Osgood to get into a groove the remainder of the season , Babcock said , “ It ’s real important to have good goaltending .
You ca n’t win without good goaltending .
We ’ve been real fortunate that Howie has been excellent for us , gave us an opportunity on a nightly basis . "
Want to know how much phone companies and internet service providers charge to funnel your private communications or records to U.S. law enforcement and spy agencies ?
That 's the question muckraker and Indiana University graduate student Christopher Soghoian asked all agencies within the Department of Justice , under a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request filed a few months ago .
But before the agencies could provide the data , Verizon and Yahoo intervened and filed an objection on grounds that , among other things , they would be ridiculed and publicly shamed were their surveillance price sheets made public .
Yahoo writes in its 12 - page objection letter ( .pdf ) , that if its pricing information were disclosed to Soghoian , he would use it " to ' shame ' Yahoo !
and other companies – and to ' shock ' their customers . "
" Therefore , release of Yahoo ! 's information is reasonably likely to lead to impairment of its reputation for protection of user privacy and security , which is a competitive disadvantage for technology companies , " the company writes .
Verizon took a different stance .
It objected to the release ( .pdf ) of its Law Enforcement Legal Compliance Guide because it might " confuse " customers and lead them to think that records and surveillance capabilities available only to law enforcement would be available to them as well – resulting in a flood of customer calls to the company asking for trap and trace orders .
" Customers may see a listing of records , information or assistance that is available only to law enforcement , " Verizon writes in its letter , " but call in to Verizon and seek those same services .
Such calls would stretch limited resources , especially those that are reserved only for law enforcement emergencies . "
Other customers , upon seeing the types of surveillance law enforcement can do , might " become unnecessarily afraid that their lines have been tapped or call Verizon to ask if their lines are tapped ( a question we cannot answer ) . "
Verizon does disclose a little tidbit in its letter , saying that the company receives " tens of thousands " of requests annually for customer records and information from law enforcement agencies .
Soghoian filed his records request to discover how much law enforcement agencies – and thus U.S. taxpayers – are paying for spy documents and surveillance services with the aim of trying to deduce from this how often such requests are being made .
Soghoian explained his theory on his blog , Slight Paranoia :
In the summer of 2009 , I decided to try and follow the money trail in order to determine how often Internet firms were disclosing their customers ' private information to the government .
I theorized that if I could obtain the price lists of each ISP , detailing the price for each kind of service , and invoices paid by the various parts of the Federal government , then I might be able to reverse engineer some approximate statistics .
In order to obtain these documents , I filed Freedom of Information Act requests with every part of the Department of Justice that I could think of .
The first DoJ agency to respond to his request was the U.S. Marshals Service ( USMS ) , which indicated that it had price lists available for Cox Communications , Comcast , Yahoo and Verizon .
But because the companies voluntarily provided the price lists to the government , the FOIA allows the companies an opportunity to object to the disclosure of their data under various exemptions .
Comcast and Cox were fine with the disclosure , Soghoian reported .
He found that Cox Communications charges $ 2,500 to fulfill a pen register / trap - and - trace order for 60 days , and $ 2,000 for each additional 60 - day - interval .
It charges $ 3,500 for the first 30 days of a wiretap , and $ 2,500 for each additional 30 days .
Thirty days worth of a customer 's call detail records costs $ 40 .
Comcast 's pricing list , which was already leaked to the internet in 2007 , indicated that it charges at least $ 1,000 for the first month of a wiretap , and $ 750 per month thereafter .
But Verizon and Yahoo took offense at the request .
Yahoo objected on grounds that its pricing constituted " confidential commercial information " and cited Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act and the Trade Secrets Act .
Exemption 4 of the FOIA refers to the disclosure of commercial or financial information that could result in a competitive disadvantage to the company if it were publicly disclosed .
The company claims its pricing is derived from labor rates for employees and overhead and , therefore , disclosing the information would provide clues to its operating costs – regardless of whether these same clues are already available in public records , such as those the company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The company also claims that since Soghoian is trying to determine the actual amounts the Marshals Service paid Yahoo for responding to requests , the price lists are irrelevant , since " there are no standard prices for these transactions . "
But equally important to Yahoo's objections was the potential for " criticism " and ridicule .
Yahoo quoted Soghoian on his blog writing that his aim was to " use this blog to shame the corporations that continue to do harm to user online privacy . "
Yahoo also objected to the disclosure of its letter objecting to the disclosure of pricing information saying that " release of this letter would likely cause substantial competitive harm " to the company .
The company added , in a veiled threat , that if the Marshals Service were to show anyone its letter objecting to the disclosure of pricing information , it could " impair the government 's ability to obtain information necessary for making appropriate decisions with regard to future FOIA requests . "
If anyone out there has a copy of Verizon or Yahoo's law enforcement pricing list and wants to share it , feel free to use our anonymous tip address .
Image : FBI.gov
by Brett Stevens on December 28 , 2009
In this article on the “ in progress ” nature of feminism , I found a revealing constituent :
My generation — WOMEN — thought the movement would advance on two legs .
With one , we ’d kick down the doors closed to us .
With the other , we ’d walk through , changing society for men and women .
It turned out that it was easier to kick down the doors than to change society .
It was easier to fit into traditional male life patterns than to change those patterns .
We ’ve had more luck winning the equal right to 70 - hour weeks than we ’ve had selling the equal value of care - giving .
We have yet to solve the problem raised at the outset :
Who will take care of the family ?
As a young mother and reporter , it did not occur to me that my daughter would face the same conflicts of work and family .
Or , on the other hand , that my son - in - law would fully share those conflicts .
I did not expect that over two - thirds of mothers would be in the work force before we had enough child care or sick pay .
Post Gazette
It ’s easy to kick down doors and start revolutions .
All you need to know is what you hate .
We hate the king .
We hate the man .
We hate the rich .
Great — let ’s get together an angry mob , destroy them and then …
And then what ?
Well , see , the thing you hated was only a manifestation of ( a ) a necessity created by the many demands of reality and ( b ) a method replying to it .
You shot the messenger , and the underlying needs and problems remain .
Those were heady , thoughtless , stupid days , and many a conventional marriage broke up as women took upon themselves the freedom they imagined men enjoyed , while many a professional man became enamored of hippies and New Age escapism , changing spouses accordingly .
I knew this cohort well , and almost every one of the feminists I then knew and promoted on my radio programs and elsewhere either had a red family of origin or newly attached herself to some fraction of the left , whether it be Marxist - feminism or New Left feminism , which was odd , because â€œpatriarchyâ€ ( the social division that is primary to a feminist ) is an ahistoric notion and couldnâ€™t be farther from the complex historical analysis that a proper Marxist ( or non-Marxist historian ) should exemplify .
But rules were laid down by the new dominatrices , and compliant guilty males and ambitious females acquiesced , with nary a murmur or moral qualm .
And part of this explosion of P.C. animosity took the form of exposing the inadequacies of their ex-husbands or lovers , naming names , the more famous the better .
Role - reversal was a losing strategy , not to speak of its intrinsic immorality in a movement that appealed to â€œequality .
â€ 
The Battle of the Sexes has not been terminated ; rather , new wine has been poured into old bottles .
Escapist â€œmagicâ€ makes money as the Boomer generation swells the prospective movie and television audience , and Daphne Merkin struggles with â€œchronic depressionâ€ that she appears not to understand ( see an earlier NYT article in which she darkly exhibits her mental states ) .
The second - wave feminists ( a few of them ) are now installed in academe and related venues , though their youth has fled , while the masses of women continue to struggle with the same issues that beset them before the 60s - 70s feminists made the scene : e.g. women are terrified of aging for good reason .
Here is just one example : Discarded women who loved their ex-husbands may continue to feel protective toward them , finally discovering that their concern was never reciprocated in a similar lifelong commitment .
And to add to the insult , the older woman may find that she is expected to dress herself as if she were an anorexic adolescent girl .
Clare Spark
In the case of women ’s “ equality , ” as the author above found out , that ’s an equal right to a 70 - hour work week — and still someone must raise the children and keep the house in order .
Even if you hire maids , day care and a psychologist , much of this labor remains .
And unless your career is ahead of his , it ’s going to fall on you .
In addition , you ’re now spending more money to have a second car , commute , pay those service workers , and so on .
Did you really come out ahead ?
Of course not .
Feminism is one of a thousand examples of this kind of thinking we could find in our modern world .
People see a messenger that has something they do n’t have ; they kill messenger ; then they find out that there were reasons why things were the way they were .
But they were n’t thinking about that .
All they were thinking about was what they did not have .
And in order to feel better for that selfish thought , about what others did not have .
Pity became the order of the day .
The author suggests that approximately 4 percent of the population suffers from Antisocial Personality Disorder , which she refers to as the “ condition of missing conscience ” and alternatively as “ Sociopathy ” .
Dr. Stout begins by asking the reader to imagine a world where they have no conscience thereby freeing them from , among other downers , guilt , shame , remorse and concern for others .
She then asks the reader to imagine , if they were able to conceal this psychological flaw from others , how they might live .
They would , after all , be free to seek all the power , money and influence they desired , in the quickest , crudest and most ruthless way without the nagging burden of doing what is right .
Or , maybe , Dr. Stout says , you are not ambitious , but seek only to relax and live as carefree as possible from the goodwill of others .
Without conscience , you would be free from the guilt and shame that traditionally comes from being a freeloader .
The world Dr. Stout is asking the reader to imagine is the world of a Sociopath .
This is not Hollywood ’s version of a Sociopath , the social recluse with the transparently frightening demeanor , but a real snake in the grass .
It is your beautiful and tormented best friend , your overworked and stressed out spouse or your down on her luck mother .
Dr. Stout upends the reader ’s notion of a Sociopath ; warning that the real tell tale sign is not fear but pity .
She states , “ The most reliable sign , the most universal behavior of unscrupulous people is not directed , as one might imagine , at our fearfulness .
It is , perversely , an appeal to our sympathy . ”
The pity play or attempt to appeal to the sympathy of others was also addressed in research conducted by the Minnesota Department of Corrections and The Hazelden Foundation ( 2002 ) .
There , researchers concluded that criminal thinkers most often attempt to control others by portraying themselves as a victim , turning to fear tactics only when the victim stance fails to get them what they want .
Psychology Today
The culture of pity — by which we consider each of us potentially unfortunate , a victim of life , and constantly look for victims and victimizers as the narrative of life — could be based on a kind of politically - savvy compassion .
When we see another person , we can mimick their emotions , which makes them trust us as if we were extensions of themselves — much as a virus sidles up to a cell , merges with its walls , and then injects its hidden commands .
Mimicry facilitates the ability to understand what other people are feeling .
The present research investigated whether this is also true when the expressions that are being mimicked do not reflect the other person ’s true emotions .
In interactions , targets either lied or told the truth , while observers mimicked or did not mimic the targets ’ facial and behavioral movements .
Detection of deception was measured directly by observers ’ judgments of the extent to which they thought the targets were telling the truth and indirectly by observers ’ assessment of targets ’ emotions .
The results demonstrated that nonmimickers were more accurate than mimickers in their estimations of targets ’ truthfulness and of targets ’ experienced emotions .
The results contradict the view that mimicry facilitates the understanding of people ’s felt emotions .
In the case of deceptive messages , mimicry hinders this emotional understanding .
Psychological Science
Could feminism have been a criminal enterprise ?
Consider :
Sales of feminist literature , magazines , movies and political movements , convincing women to avoid stumbling into marriage after college and instead , to live that exciting Sex and the City lifestyle .
lifestyle .
Twice the workforce now paid half as much .
All the women now show up ?
Great .
Halve the starting salary and let the most aggressive workers prevail .
Sales of birth control pills , makeup , clothes and perfume soar as women become sexually competitive for longer .
Twice as many lonely city apartments rented .
More cars sold because each person now needs one .
Psychologists thrive as women end up on the couch , wondering how to solve the conflict between biological need and social imperative .
Men spend more on entertainment since they ’re not going to be spending it on family .
Video games , beer and pizza stocks shoot upward .
I ’m not suggesting a conspiracy here ; I just want you to hold on to this thought :
Someone did benefit , and it was n’t the people who embarked on the great feminist delusion .
Someone gained power outside of a working political system , destroying lives and accumulated knowledge , and now that the door ’s kicked in , things are n’t turning out as well as they thought .
You know , we had those revolutions in 1917 and 1789 in Russia and France — which one of those produced a paradise ?
And 1968 , the year when feminism , gay power , black power , equality and marijuana triumphed — did that make a paradise ?
Surely the answer must be that we are controlled by a vicious Satan who keeps us from realizing our grand liberal dream !
Or more likely , that new generations — having none of the experience of the old , and having parents too afraid to talk about politically sensitive subjects — stumble into the same illusions and then must serve under them until when older and surlier , they can point out how their lives were wasted .
But liberalism — of which feminism , class and racial revenge movements , welfare states and subsidy politics are a subset — just sounds good because it appeals to pity .
You are the victim .
And now you will want to find other victims , and band together , like a mob in the street throwing rocks .
Surely this ancient simian behavior will lead us to enlightenment .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Normal goods can be defined as those goods for which demand increases when the income of the consumer increases and falls when income of the consumer decreases , price of the goods remaining constant .
Examples of normal goods are demand of LCD and plasma television , demand for more expensive cars , branded clothes , expensive houses , diamonds etc… increases when the income of the consumers increases .
To the opposite side of normal goods are the inferior goods .
It is defined as those goods the demand for which decreases when the income of the consumer increases .
Examples of inferior goods are consumption of breads or cereals and since the income of the consumer increases he moved towards consumption of more nutritious foods and hence demand for low priced product like bread or cereal decreases .
Another example can be of use of public transportation , when income is low people use more of public transportation which is not the case when their income increases .
Hence from the above one can see that other things remaining constant as the income of consumer increases demand for normal goods will increase and demand for inferior goods decrease and vice versa .
A MAN who is HIV - positive injected his wife with his blood while she slept , infecting her with the virus that causes AIDS .
It is believed the New Zealand man wanted to give her the disease so she would have sex with him again .
She told police he also hoped it would prevent her from finding another man and leaving him .
The man , 35 , is in prison awaiting sentence for wilfully infecting another with a disease , an offence that carries a maximum jail term of 14 years .
The couple can not be identified .
In court documents , the woman , 33 , described how her husband twice pricked her with a sewing needle laced with his infected blood as she slept and how she once caught him handling a syringe full of his blood .
In the year before the man pricked his now - estranged wife , the couple had been experiencing relationship problems , in part because she refused to have sex with him because she feared she would contract the disease .
BOSSASO , Somalia
A parcel of land here that sold for $ 12,000 two years ago now costs more than $ 20,000 .
The price of a nice pair of men ’s shoes has gone up from $ 20 to $ 50 .
The reason : pirates .
The influx of millions of dollars in ransoms has changed life in this coastal Muslim community , driving prices up and creating a schism between the pirate haves and have - nots .
As piracy ramps up again with the end of the monsoon season , the lifestyle of the pirates - big houses , fast cars and easy drugs - is decried by both religious leaders and ordinary villagers .
“ The use of drugs such as cannabis and the drinking of alcohol , sex and other obnoxious misconduct are now becoming common within the pirates , causing social problems , ” said Sheik Ahmed , a mosque leader in the town of Galkayo .
“ That is what is worrying us , a lot more than the risk they pose to the foreign ships and crew . ”
Just last month , pirates were paid a reported $ 3.3 million to release 36 crew members from a Spanish vessel held hostage for more than six weeks .
Pirates stand to make tens of thousands from the payment , money that will pulse through the community in gifts , loans and payments to family , friends and businessmen .
The European Union Naval Force says pirates now hold 11 ships and 264 crew members hostage off the coast of Somalia .
There is little doubt that more ransom money is coming .
“ There is mad money circulating here , and it affects everybody - directly or indirectly , ” said Haji Said , a hotel owner .
A lone paved road passes through the middle of Bossaso , and hotels , businesses and new construction line its sides .
SUVs and luxury vehicles from Asia ply the road with American , Somali and Indian music blasting from within .
The price of clothes , shoes and cosmetics is climbing , said Anshur Kamil , a businessman .
Pirates do n’t even have to pay upfront .
Those holding ships hostage that have n’t yet received ransom can buy goods on credit - at elevated prices - and settle up their debts when the ransom money comes in , villagers say .
The pirates pay in dollars and do n’t bother to haggle , said Khadra Abdullahi , a shop owner in Bossaso , a coastal town on the northern edge of Somalia across the Gulf of Aden from Yemen .
“ Sometimes they leave change behind , which shows that money is nothing to them . ”
When villagers think the price of a cosmetic is too high , their reply is “ we are not pirates , ” Mr. Abdullahi said .
The closer to the pirate dens one gets , the higher the prices go .
In the nearby town of Eyl , a cup of tea costs three times as much as in Bossaso .
In Eyl , pirates pay $ 5 for a shoeshine , compared with 50 cents in Bossaso , said Hashim Salad , a store owner .
Two years ago , a teen named Adani lived on the streets of Bossaso .
Now , at only 19 years old , he is a pirate and owns a big house and large truck .
He says he has taken part in two hijackings that earned him $ 75,000 , and plans to take part in one more high - seas heist .
“ When you have nothing , people despise you and if they see that you have money you will be respected , ” said Adani , who gave only one name for fear of reprisals .
“ This next job will be my last in the piracy trade .
I know it ’s a big risk but I believe in gambling .
If I win , I will get married and give up piracy . ”
Roger Middleton , a piracy expert at the London - based think tank Chatham House , said the average ransom has risen from roughly $ 1 million last year to $ 2 million this year .
He said pirates have been paid more than $ 100 million in the past two years , though he stressed that the number was an estimate only , and no one has hard figures .
“ I ’m sure there ’s some resentment at the way pirates behave and the lifestyle they lead .
It ’s not a traditional or righteous one , ” Mr. Middleton said .
Mr. Middleton also noted that pirate foot soldiers make not millions , but tens of thousands over a year .
The big money goes to the bosses , he said , and they are likely to spend it overseas or invest it .
Clerics and village elders say they do n’t approve of the pirate lifestyle .
Teenagers threaten their parents that they will join the pirates if they do n’t get their way , said a prominent Bossaso elder , Suldan Mohamud Aw - nor .
Marriage also has been affected by pirates with pockets full of cash .
Hundreds of cars escort the bride and groom to the reception , where the house is crammed with expensive furniture , and the bride wears expensive gold jewelry , said Shamso Ahmed , the owner of a beauty salon .
Thousands of dollars are paid to brides ’ families as a dowry .
“ Pirates do not waste time to woo women , but instead pay them a lot , ” said Sahro Mohamed .
“ They did this to several girls I know . ”
• Jason Straziuso in Nairobi , Kenya , contributed to this report .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
It ’s clear that gamers will always be attached to their favorite classical titles no matter what new titles come out .
And while there is easy money for publishers in re-releasing big–hitters from the previous generations , they do n’t ever reach the sales levels or hype of their original release .
That is unless your name is Kratos .
The announcement of the God of War Collection was a shock but no surprise thanks to a PlayStation .
Blog survey .
However , the data from Amazon ’s wish lists and bestsellers data .
As seen in the image above , the God of War Collection is the currently the most wished for PS3 title in the ‘ PlayStation 3 ’ category , only to be beat by the PS3 Slim in the number one spot ( in both the ‘ Video Games ’ and ‘ PlayStation 3 ’ categories ) .
What makes this feat significant is the fact that a couple PS2 games is beating out hard - hitters like Uncharted 2 , MAG , Modern Warfare 2 , and even God of War III .
What ’s your most desired upcoming title ?
Post your thoughts in the comment section below !
[ Source ]
AT&T has resumed taking iPhone orders from New York City residents through its website after blocking the sale of the handsets to New Yorkers this past weekend for reasons the carrier has been unwilling to explain in detail .
The sales suspension drew hundreds of headlines from technology websites on Monday , fueling suspicions that the move was yet another sign that the exclusive US iPhone carrier was unable to support the brunt of the handset 's popularity in dense metropolitan areas .
That sentiment was fueled by a comment from an AT&T online customer service representative by the name of Daphne who told a journalist that the iPhone was no longer available for purchase online by New York City residents " because New York is not ready for the iPhone . "
" [ Your area does n't ] have enough towers to handle the phone , " the rep added .
AT&T 's corporate spokespeople would later say the sales blackout was a result of the carrier periodically modifying its promotions and distribution channels , while online service rep Daphne jettisoned her earlier explanation in favor of blaming the move on " increased fraudulent activity " in New York City and the surrounding areas .
In recent months , AT&T has come under fire from customers and larger rival Verizon Wireless , who 've combined to charge the carrier in a series of lawsuits and television spots with making false promises regarding the capacity and reach of its mobile 3G network .
The Thief of Baghdad ( 1940 )
The First Use of Chroma Key
Star Wars : A New Hope ( 1977 ) & The Black Hole ( 1979 )
The First To Use Animated 3D Graphics
Tron ( 1982 )
Extensive Use of 3D CGI
Star Trek : The Wrath of Khan ( 1982 )
The Genesis Effect
Who Framed Roger Rabbit ( 1988 )
Realistic CGI / Human interaction
Jurassic Park ( 1993 )
Photorealistic CGI Integrated With Animatronics
Toy Story ( 1995 )
First Feature Film To Use Only Computer - Generated Imagery
The Matrix ( 1999 )
Bullet Time
Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within ( 2001 )
Photorealism and Live Action Principals In An All Digital Feature Film
Lord of the Rings Trilogy ( 2001 - 2003 )
Artificial Intelligence For Digital Characters and Photorealistic Motion Capture
The Polar Express ( 2004 )
First Feature Film With All Motion Capture Characters
Immortel ( ad vitam ) , Casshern , Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow , and Sin City ( 2004 - 2005 )
Use of The Digital Backlot
Avatar ( 2009 )
Photorealistic Motion Capture Using Virtual Camera System , and Facial Expression Cap Cameras
Since talk of Avatar first began , it has been touted as the kind of groundbreaking cinematic experience that will change the future of filmmaking forever .
Whether that is truth or the product of an out of control James Cameron ego has yet to be determined ( any psychics out there ? ) , but anyone who has already seen the film or was present for the 15 - minute screening on Avatar Day can tell you that it is a step forward .
pushes computer graphics to the very edge of what 's possible , particularly in IMAX 3D .
Cameron 's no stranger to game - changing special effects , with The Abyss he had a hand in creating first fully digital 3D water effect , in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day he had the first CGI human character with realistic movement , and in Titanic he used the advanced the rendering of flowing water .
may be another step , but before we take it , we 're looking back onancestors .
This is how we got here , these are the movies that madeand other computer generated special effects possible .
It all started right here …
You know a technology is old school when the meteorologist on your local news station uses it nightly , but it was something spectacular back in 1940 .
Today the effect , better known as greenscreen or bluescreen , can be replicated at home with a personal computer , but it was nothing short of magical to see a horse walk on air or a 100 ft giant walk on the beach back then .
The tech has since advanced dramatically , thanks entirely to advances in computer power , to the point that some films do n't even require sets or location shooting anymore , but more on that later .
Watching these clips now , the graphics look like the first step in today 's animation , minus the further steps of adding nuisances like details .
As you can see if you watch the entire Star Wars clip above , this primitive version of CGI , called wireframe models , was a painstaking process that required the animator to map out the x , y , and z axes using a pen peripheral , matte drawings and a series of dials .
The graphics seen in these films provided the bedrock for today 's computer generated special effects .
Just as you can't have a conversation about suspense without mentioning Hitchcock , you can't talk about the evolution of computer graphics without mentioning Tron .
Whereas the last entry introduced animated 3D CGI , Tron was among the first movies to extensively use the new tech , containing more than 15 minutes of fully computer generated images .
Want to gauge how far the film industry really has come with computer graphics since 1982 ?
All you have to do is watch the scene posted above followed by the teaser trailer for Tron Legacy .
Holy shit .
Look how far we can go in just three years .
One day we 're creating black holes with green lines and arcs , the next computers are able to simulate millions of year 's worth of planetary evolution in a minute .
Possibly the first example of realistic computer graphic imaging , the effect was created by Lucasfilm 's Computer Graphics department ( now known as a small company called Pixar ) and took a microscope to the minutest aspects , particularly the positioning of the stars as perceived from the camera 's point of view light - years away .
The scene is also the first time in film where fractal - generated landscape was used to simulate realistic terrain .
We 've talked Cameron , we 've talked Lucas , now it 's Robert Zemeckis ' turn .
Already having made a name for himself with Back To The Future and Romancing the Stone ( both fun films , but without computer generated challenges ) , the director got the job and quickly watched things escalate to out - of - control levels , seeing what was already a record budget of $ 29.9 million escalate to $ 40 million .
Disney contemplated shutting the production down , but instead rolled with it , and thank God they did .
Using a grand mixture of motion control technology , split screen photography , mimes , mannequins , robots , chroma key , rotoscoping , as well as impressive performances from Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd , every scene involving both live action and animation is so brilliantly done that viewers begin to believe that toons do live in some small section of Hollywood .
It remains strange to know that Jessica Rabbit 's sequined dress was made with steel wool , a garbage bag and a flashlight .
That 's just magic .
Want to know how perfectly constructed the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park were ?
They were able to make a seven year - old boy , who up to that point was obsessed with dinosaurs , never want to look at one again .
While not 100 % biologically accurate in retrospect , Steven Spielberg 's film about rampaging prehistoric creatures was an absolute marvel that exploded in theaters nationwide to the tune of $ 365 million , currently the 14th all time best performer in America .
Stan Winston , who reached fame with his work on Cameron 's Terminator films , created the animatronic dinosaurs with latex skins and used CGI to make them move .
Even after 17 years it still looks damn good .
Up until this point , computer graphics were almost exclusively being used to make live - action feature films look better .
Animation was still being done in 2D and largely by hand .
Then a man named John Lasseter showed up and decided to blow everyone away .
The story was simple enough : a cowboy and a space ranger fight for the love of their owner , but it was Lasseter 's short film Tin Toy that got everyone at Disney interested .
Go forward 14 years and Pixar has created 10 entirely computer animated films , with four of them winning the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and their most recent , Up , possibly looking at a Best Picture nod .
Oh , and seven entirely computer generated films take up spots on the 50 top grossing films of all time list , with Shrek 2 holding the number four slot .
That 's influential .
Despite what some would have you believe , movies are , in fact , not magical .
Try as hard as you want , you can not get a camera to move around a track at 700 mph without breaking it .
But that 's what makes “ bullet time ” so damn cool .
Using multiple cameras located on an arc around the scene ( which is actually a greenscreen ) , the cameras are timed right after one another , giving the appearance of slow motion ( see a quick version of it here .
While this effect had been used previously in feature films ( the first time was in Blade ) , it was the use of interpolation software that allowed the Wachoskis to insert CGI frames to make the motion more fluid .
Not only does it look incredibly cool , but it has become a reference point for dozens of action movies and video games since .
Just to erase it as a point of discussion : yes , this film was a box office bomb , making back less than a quarter of its budget .
But it still does mark an achievement in computer generated effects .
While Pixar and Dreamworks have created films with human characters ( The Incredibles , Shrek , etc ) , they have never been photorealistic , always using exaggerated features that keep them stuck in the cartoon world .
That was not the goal for Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within .
Instead , animators strived to make each human character look like they walked out of a photograph .
Obviously there are some drawbacks , as computers simply have n't advanced to that power necessary to do that just yet , but it is an admiral goal and one worth striving for .
Final Fantasy should be remembered not for its box office performance , but for the way it tried to push the technology envelope .
Some may argue that the Lord of the Rings trilogy was overlong and boring , but one cannot argue that the scope of Peter Jackson 's epic was anything short of breathtaking .
In no place is this better shown than when viewing the movie 's massive orc army .
Obviously , Jackson could not have hired the 100,000 extras that would have been necessary to fill out the army 's ranks , so , they did the next best thing : they made digital orcs with brains .
Using a software called MASSIVE ( an acronym for Multiple Agent Simulation System in Virtual Environment ) , he was able to not only stay true to the source material , but also had thousands of orcs at his disposal for the low , low price of $ 0 .
And , of course , we can't forget Gollum .
With Andy Serkis ' performance at its base and some incredible digital work done with the footage , Gollum is an absolute achievement in motion capture .
Never before had a mocap character possessed this level of photorealism , proving that the technology was there for our next entry .
Ok , maybe not 100 % ready .
But we are getting there .
Zemeckis has since made two more entirely motion capture films and plans on making even more , but it was The Polar Express that started it all .
While the film raked in $ 162 million at the box office , it met with some criticism thanks to what is known as “ The Uncanny Valley ” - the point where being too - human - but - not - human becomes an issue and creeps everybody out .
Zemeckis ' efforts since , and this year 's A Christmas Carol , have improved in this area and the technology will likely only get better as computers get more powerful .
Remember how I said we'd get back to chroma key ?
Well , here it is .
While it 's not precisely known which movie did it first , Immortel ( ad vitam ) , Casshern , Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow , and Sin City were all made using the same filming technique : replacing on - location shooting and soundstages with an all - greenscreen backdrop .
In addition to the incredible cuts in cost that come with not having to build expansive sets , the tech also allows the director complete control over what he or she wants to see , simply by editing the backdrop in post production .
Technology has literally gotten to the point where all you need to make a film are actors .
We have officially arrived at the here and now .
Researching for this article , the most impressive thing I have found is that Cameron had the patience and the wherewithal to wait for the proper technologies to film Avatar right , and from the looks of it , it was the best move he could have made .
First and foremost he used photorealistic motion capture , which I mentioned earlier in regards to Gollum in The Lord of the Rings .
This would be old hat if not for the virtual camera system that Cameron used during filming .
During scenes with the Na'vi , instead of simply filming the actor 's motions and adding the digital effects in post - production , the system , created by Cameron and a group of experts , allowed Cameron to watch on a monitor how the characters , as they would appear in the film , would react with the digital surroundings and direct them as such .
The second innovation used by Cameron for the film is a rig , which he describes as a small skull cap that hangs a camera in front of the actors face .
As the actor performs , the camera transmits facial movements which are then put on the virtual characters .
This results in more of the actor coming through the character than ever seen before in motion capture .
Oh hey and Merry Christmas 🙂
This one ’s dedicated to everyone opening up their new console today and getting gauged for more money as soon as they turn their console on .
Hoorah for next gen gaming !
Supper Clubs have come a long way .
Whether it ’s a backlash against high prices at restaurants in the face of a bleak economy , or the general decrease in community and quality social interaction , or just an undying love of people and food , Supper Clubs and Underground restaurants are happening everywhere .
Supper clubs are as creative and diverse as the people who create them .
With limitless opportunities for invention , resurrection of traditions and new mashups of both .
A Razor , A Shiny Knife
We take you inside the Italian Christmas Feast Il Pranzo ( the Lunch ) — a celebration of meat , cheese and sweets put on by A Razor , A Shiny Knife Saturday , December 12th , 2009 at the Brooklyn Kitchen Labs .
This event also helped to support the efforts of Feeding America .
Featuring :
Posted by John , December 30th , 2009 - under Imperialism , Iraq , Killing kids , Pakistan , Somalia , US foreign policy , US imperialism , Yemen .
Tags : Afghanistan , China , Chinese imperialism
We do not yet have all the answers about this latest attempt , but those who would slaughter innocent men , women and children must know that the United States will more — do more than simply strengthen our defenses .
We will continue to use every element of our national power to disrupt , to dismantle and defeat the violent extremists who threaten us , whether they are from Afghanistan or Pakistan , Yemen or Somalia , or anywhere where they are plotting attacks against the U.S. homeland .
– Barack Obama after the failed bombing attempt on Northwest Airlines .
The day after the failed Christmas Day bombing , US special forces , in the guise of assassinating Taliban fighters , attacked a den of ‘ terrorists ’ in Kunar Province in Afghanistan .
They killed 8 school children and 2 other civilians , according to US puppet Hamid Karzai .
The civilian death toll is likely to rise as the Afghan Government investigates .
Apparently it is OK to kill kids if you are the American ruling class .
However if you are a Nigerian radicalised by this sort of barbarity and wanting to return in a some little way what US imperialism does daily , by opting for the dead end path of individual terrorism against ordinary working people , you are a terrorist .
Let ’s be clear .
The biggest terrorist by far is Barack Obama .
He heads a military which US workers fund to the tune of $ 659 billion a year , a brutal machine that has killed 1 million Iraqi civilians , tens of thousands of Afghanis , and already hundreds in Pakistan and Yemen .
US imperialism cares nothing about kids .
They are dispensable in its quest to rule the world , and as a concomitant of that , to keep the other main imperialist , China , in its place , second behind the US and complaint in some way to American capitalism .
Copenhagen shows that this compliance strategy is a failure , which probably only means a greater and greater reliance on military means to subdue the growing military and political strength of China .
The problem is that US strength and stability depends in part on the continuing growth of China as an economic power .
The two imperialisms are locked in a dance of death .
The dead schoolkids in Kunar Province are the logical consquence of this chorus of killing .
Afghanistan is partly about the larger American strategy of encircling China with regimes friendly to the US and , as needed , US troops .
Such is the degeneration of Obama as President that his hypocritical ‘ killing kids ’ comments could just as easily have come out of the mouth of George W Bush , or , with some minor modifications , Osama bin Laden .
Obama continues
Bush ’s military expansionism precisely to defend and extend the empire and reinforce its base – US capitalism .
He commands a force ten thousand times stronger and more brutal than that of any of the islamists he condemns .
Instead of the Nobel Peace Prize Obama should be on trial in The Hague for his crimes .
The fact that he is n’t , and that he commands the most brutal killing machine in the world , destroying the lives and livelihood of hundreds of millions across the globe , will continue to see some islamists attack ordinary working people in the West .
They do n’t understand that the ruling classes of the West are the enemy of those people too .
To stop terrorism , the US should stop being a terrorist .
It wo n’t .
The logic of imperialism drives it to kill kids and to justify this as some sort of macabre defence of realm .
Only turning this upside down world right way up – democratic working class revolution – can stop the murder of the innocents .
Fred Prouser / Reuters
Oh the weather outside is frightful , and my Mini E electric car is … dying ?
That ’s the problem some Northeastern drivers of the leased battery vehicles are having as the mercury dips .
And at least one ended up on the business end of a tow hook .
There are 450 Mini E cars , battery - powered versions of the Mini Cooper , leased to consumers in test programs in the United States .
Cold weather performance has n’t been much of an issue for California cars , but many of the E.V. ’s are on the road in New York and New Jersey — and it ’s definitely an issue there .
Being stranded on a single - digit day is an element of the general range anxiety experienced by some electric car drivers .
Anyone who ’s experienced a 12 - volt lead - acid battery struggling to turn their car ’s engine over on a frosty morning understands the basic point that batteries ( or engines for that matter ) do n’t much like very cold conditions .
Some carmakers are trying to combat this problem in their production E.V. ’s with management systems to both heat and cool battery packs .
Kevin Czinger , president and chief executive of Coda Automotive , which is introducing a battery - powered sedan in California late this year , said the car will come with a thermal management system that will monitor the battery pack temperature even when the car is disconnected from the grid .
“ Our car is designed for both northern Minnesota and Death Valley , ” he said .
The Mini E has a stated range of 100 to 120 miles , but Timothy Gill , a New Jersey software consultant , said , “ I love the car and love driving it , but 70 miles is ridiculous . ”
In October , he ran out of charge a mile from his house and titled a blog entry , “ Towed !
After only 87.8 miles .
Sheesh ! ”
On a Mini E Facebook page , drivers report their garage / battery temperatures and charging experiences with the zeal of television weathermen .
Dr. Lyle Dennis , the New Jersey - based physician who maintains GM - Volt.com , drives a Mini E and also reports much - reduced performance in the cold .
“ It ’s a problem when you ’re still six miles from home and the car says you have zero miles left , ” he said in an interview .
“ There is also a loss of power in the cold .
On the highway under those conditions , I can feel the power fade over 70 miles per hour . ”
Dr. Dennis said he notices both problems when temperatures drop below freezing .
A related issue , according to both Dr. Dennis and Mr. Gill , is erratic readings from the battery status meter , which may or may not reflect the car ’s actual state of charge .
“ In cold weather it will go from 100 percent charge to 90 percent in just one mile , ” Mr. Gill said .
“ But there ’s huge variability .
I ’m not sure what the solution is , but we need more reliable feedback about the car ’s range . ”
“ We are absolutely aware of it , and there ’s no real fix except to drive in the most efficient way possible , ” said Nathalie Bauters , a Mini spokeswoman .
“ There is reduced range in cold weather conditions , and it is up to 30 percent . ”
In “ Plugged - In , ” its newsletter for Mini E drivers , the automaker said , “ Some of you have noticed that these cooler temperatures have brought changes in battery behavior , and we have , too . ”
The newsletter describes the reduction in battery performance as “ a normal trait for battery - powered products ” and recommends carrying the car ’s 110 - volt cable because “ you never know when a good charging opportunity will present itself . ”
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 28
Explanation :
An asterism is just a recognized pattern of stars that is not one the 88 official constellations .
For example , one of the most famous ( and largest ) asterisms is the Big Dipper within the constellation Ursa Major .
But this pretty chain of stars , visible with binoculars towards the long - necked constellation of Camelopardalis , is also a recognized asterism .
Known as Kemble 's Cascade , it contains about 20 stars nearly in a row , stretching over five times the width of a full moon .
Tumbling from the upper right to lower left in the picture , Kemble 's Cascade was made popular by astronomy enthusiast Lucian Kemble .
The bright object at the lower left is the relatively compact open cluster of stars , NGC 1502 .
Stang voiced many cartoons and adverts in his career
US actor Arnold Stang , who voiced the lead character in 1960s television cartoon Top Cat , has died aged 91 .
Stang died of pneumonia at Newton - Wellesley Hospital in Massachusetts on Sunday , JoAnne Stang , his wife of 60 years , said .
Known for his distinctive nasal voice and nerdy looks , the actor also starred alongside Frank Sinatra in 1955 film The Man with the Golden Arm .
He also appeared in 1963 comedy It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World .
' Really unique '
Mrs Stang attributed her husband 's career longevity to his willingness to tackle any professional challenge .
" He was really unique , because he could perform in any role , comedy or drama , he just loved it all , " she said .
" He always thought of himself just as an actor , not any particular kind of actor , but just an actor who would play whatever he was asked to play . "
Stang started his career on the radio as a teenager and played alongside Milton Berle on radio and TV in the 1950s .
He spent a lot of his career voicing cartoons and dozens of advertisements , and also made appearances on US TV shows including The Cosby Show and Batman .
His last big screen role was in 1993 movie Dennis the Menace .
* Daily says 13 pct of French waste dumped in Russia
* EDF says radioactive waste is kept in France
* EDF says only recyclable spent uranium sent to Russia
( Recasts , adds EDF comment , background , details )
By Muriel Boselli
PARIS , Oct 12 ( Reuters ) - EDF
EDF .
PA
is sending to Russia spent nuclear fuel that needs to be reprocessed , the French nuclear power producer said on Monday , denying a French press report that it was using Siberia to dump nuclear waste .
The world 's largest nuclear energy producer said that radioactive waste was kept in France , where it was processed and stocked in dedicated facilities at Areva's
CEPFi. PA
storage site of La Hague , on the northwestern coast of Normandy .
" Following the news reported today by ( French daily newspaper ) Liberation , EDF wants to point out that contrary to what has been said , no nuclear waste is transported to Russia , " EDF said in an emailed comment .
Earlier on Monday an EDF spokeswoman had told Reuters the company was sending nuclear waste to Russia and that 10 to 20 percent of it was recycled and sent back to be be used in French power plants .
[ ID:nLC270463 ]
The spokeswoman later clarified that she was referring to spent fuel , not to radioactive waste .
Liberation said on Monday that 13 percent of the radioactive waste produced by EDF 's nuclear power plants was stored in open - air spaces in a Siberian town where access to journalists is prohibited .
EDF denied this was the case .
" It is only the recyclable uranium which is transported to Russia to be enriched , " EDF said in its emailed comment .
" To be used in EDF 's reactors , this uranium is enriched ... in several countries such as Russia and The Netherlands , in the framework of commercial agreements , in accordance with international rules , and approved by Euratom , the European atomic energy Community , " EDF added .
Liberation said it based its information on an investigation due to be broadcast on television channel Arte on Tuesday .
France , where 58 nuclear reactors produce 80 percent of the country 's electricity , has not found permanent underground storage with the capacity to bury nuclear energy waste it has generated in the past three decades and the waste it will produce in the future .
French nuclear authorities are considering permanently storing the waste 500 metres below ground , near Bure in eastern France , which has clay soil and where the group already has a waste - testing laboratory .
For a factbox on radioactive waste please click on [ ID : nLR937238 ]
For an interview with Areva 's scientific adviser on radioactive waste [ ID : nLP972512 ] ( Editing by Anthony Barker and Marie Maitre )
Been looking for this game off and on since it came out in 2009 .
For some reason thought it was a zombie game , so i always searched for zombie tags .
Just now realized it may have not been zombies lol .
Anyway , love the game and music .
Ahhh nostalgia . . .
Most of these carving are made on old books and some carving made on magazines which has high - quality paper and vivid color .
First is even made on 8 brand new books .
Anyway amazing art !
A Bloomberg report seems to indicate that :
Iranian forces yesterday entered Iraqi territory at dawn , and occupied well number 4 in the East Maysan field in al - Fakah region , 450 kilometers ( 280 miles ) south of Baghdad , Border Guard General Zafer Nazmi said .
The Iranian forces positioned tanks around the well .
“ They positioned tanks around it and dug trenches , ” Nazmi said by phone from Basra .
“ They are still there , they raised the flag . ”
East Maysan in southern Iraq is an old oil field that is no longer in production , according to Nazmi .
Iraq is the third largest oil producer in the Middle East after Saudi Arabia and Iran .
The world 's first commercial spacecraft was officially unveiled on Monday afternoon .
Photos shot for Boing Boing by Alan Radecki , photographer and Mojave aviation and space historian .
The craft will take six tourists at a time to the edge of space .
Each seat is $ 200,000 , requires the traveler to pass a strenuous physical , and offers just a few minutes of zero - G flight .
The Mojave desert is home to Virgin Galactic 's research and development base .
Its commercial spaceport is to be built in New Mexico .
Entrepreneur Richard Branson and engineer Burt Rutan 's dream is to kickstart private space exploration .
Test flights will begin almost immediately .
Earlier in the day , an ice - sculptor 's work reflects similarly cold conditions two hours east of L.A. , lashed by heavy rains before the unveiling .
Journalists gathered for the event , bussed out on coaches to what one correspondent described as a " goat rodeo . "
Guests were evacuated early from the event due to wind advisory , Radecki said … " Current winds , 53 , gusting to 60 ! "
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and New Mexico governor Bill Richardson were among the attendees .
The " badminton cock " design allows SpaceShipTwo to re-enter the atmosphere as slower speeds than the Shuttle , producing less heat .
Branson , Rutan and their families will get to enjoy the first official journey into space .
There 's already a huge list of reservations for the twice - daily flights thereafter .
Just when you thought the popularity of Wall Street bankers had hit rock bottom , top US financial institutions have caused uproar for allegedly muscling their way to the front of the queue to get hold of scarce swine flu vaccines .
Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and Morgan Stanley were among the first employers in New York to receive shipments of the widely sought after H1N1 antidote from public health authorities this week , prompting furious attacks from political critics who claim bankers are getting privileged treatment .
Christopher Dodd , Democratic senator from Connecticut , declared himself " stunned " that top banks had received vaccines when a shortage of doses has led to lengthy queues at clinics and hospitals across the US .
" Vaccines should go to people who need them most , not people who happen to work on Wall Street , " said Dodd , who wrote a letter of protest to the US health secretary , Kathleen Sebelius .
New York 's health department confirmed that vaccines had been shipped to banks - Citigroup , which asked for 7,200 doses , received 1,200 while Goldman Sachs , which applied for 5,400 , was given 200 .
A spokeswoman said distributing vaccines in workplaces would " alleviate stress and pressure from community healthcare settings and hospitals " .
She said pediatric and pregnancy clinics had already received doses and that banks were among the first 50 private employers to get vaccines simply because they were among the first to apply : " They were among the first to place orders . "
Seemingly taken by surprise at the reaction , banks said they had asked for doses in common with scores of other employers - including New York City 's universities , healthcare companies and the media group Time Warner .
The vaccines will only be administered to staff who fall into high - risk categories including pregnant women , diabetics and employees suffering from cancer or liver disease .
" Like other responsible employers in New York City , we requested the vaccine and will supply it only to employees who qualify under guidelines laid down by the Centres for Disease Control , " said a Goldman Sachs spokesman .
But the spectre of bank employees being immunised at work while others wait in line at public clinics has fed into discontent about the privileged lifestyles enjoyed by those on Wall Street .
Some , including those at Goldman Sachs , are expecting record bonuses this year following a swift bounce - back in the financial markets from the global financial crisis .
Anna Burger , secretary treasurer of America 's biggest healthcare workers ' union , the SEIU , said : " It 's obscene that Wall Street bankers think they are entitled to private shipments of H1N1 vaccinations while health - care workers , pregnant women , and other at - risk Americans are either waiting in line for hours or getting turned away because of shortages . "
Swine flu has been blamed for more than 600 deaths in the US and the H1N1 vaccine was rushed into production over the summer by the French drugs firm Sanofi .
But factories are struggling to meet demand - so far , 31.8 m doses have been made available in the US but the authorities say that as many as 159 million people are in " high priority " groups .
Delegates in Los Angeles have been voting for two assistant bishops A diocese in Los Angeles has elected only the second openly gay bishop in the global Anglican Church , reigniting an issue that has caused deep division .
Canon Mary Glasspool was elected assistant bishop , although she needs a majority of national Episcopal Church heads to back her consecration .
The election of the first openly gay bishop , Gene Robinson of New Hampshire , six years ago created a massive rift .
Traditionalists have already expressed opposition to the latest election .
Conservatives insist the Bible unequivocally outlaws homosexuality whereas liberals believe the Bible should be reinterpreted in the light of contemporary wisdom .
The row led to the formation of a conservative breakaway Episcopal movement in the US - the Anglican Church in North America .
The head of the worldwide Anglican community , the Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , has been under pressure to recognise it .
Reflection of diversity BBC religious affairs correspondent Chris Landau says that for an Anglican Communion already fracturing over the issue of homosexuality , this election is yet more evidence of the church 's divisions .
Mary Glasspool has been with her partner since 1988
He says that for many in the US , electing openly homosexual bishops is simply a reflection of the diversity long affirmed by that Church .
Episcopal Church leader , Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori , has said she will consecrate any bishop whose election follows the rules .
Mary Glasspool , from Baltimore , is 55 and has been a canon in the Diocese of Maryland for eight years , Associated Press news agency reports .
It says she has been with her partner , Becki Sander , since 1988 .
In a statement after her election , Canon Glasspool said : " Any group of people who have been oppressed because of any one , isolated aspect of their persons yearns for justice and equal rights . "
ANALYSIS Robert Pigott , BBC religious affairs correspondent Despite intense pressure to maintain a moratorium on ordaining gay bishops - the Episcopal Church 's ruling convention voted in July to allow homosexual men or women to become bishops .
This clarification of the Church 's policy makes it all the more likely that Mary Glasspool 's election will be confirmed by its bishops and a committee representing the Church 's lay and clergy members .
If it is confirmed , Canon Glasspool 's election will set back attempts to preserve worldwide Anglicanism intact and makes it more probable that the American Church will be consigned to membership of the second of a two - tier Communion .
The diocese 's Bishop J Jon Bruno acknowledged there were rumours of a " concerted effort not to give consent " to Canon Glasspool 's election because of her sexuality .
But he said : " I would remind the Episcopal Church and the House of Bishops they need to be conscientious about respecting the canons of the Church and the baptismal covenant to respect the dignity of every human being . "
However , one traditionalist clergyman , the Reverend Kendall Harmon of South Carolina , told AP : " This decision represents an intransigent embrace of a pattern of life Christians throughout history and the world have rejected as against biblical teaching " .
Delegates in Los Angeles have been voting for two assistant bishops - the other is the Reverend Diane M Jardine Bruce .
Bishops of the US Episcopal Church voted in July to overturn a three - year ban on the appointment of gay bishops .
Anglican leaders had asked the Church to observe the moratorium .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The US is to send another 4,000 sailors and marines to Haiti for the earthquake relief mission .
The additional troops will be diverted from deployments in Africa and the Gulf .
The navy says they will " significantly " increase the ability to provide aid quickly .
This will bring the total number of US troops in Haiti to 16,000 .
According to aid groups , the relief effort remains largely uncoordinated , with long delays in getting vital supplies of food , water and medicine to survivors .
Medicins Sans Frontieres ( Doctors Without Borders ) said its cargo plane , containing medical supplies , had been turned away from the airport three times since Sunday .
Haiti's president , Rene Preval , said aid delivery was the main problem : " When it arrives , the question is : where are the trucks to transport it , where are the depots ? "
A strong aftershock hit Port - au - Prince yesterday , but reportedly has not caused further casualties .
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter .
The only existing film footage of Anne Frank has been uploaded to YouTube by the Anne Frank House .
The Amsterdam museum is hoping to bring attention to Anne 's story and diaries and reach a new generation who may be unfamiliar with her story .
At the 9 second mark in the clip , you can see Anne Frank leaning out of a second - story window as she watches a bride and groom exit a neighboring address .
The Guardian reports that the scene dates back to July 22 , 1941 and was provided to the museum by the couple in the 1990s .
The story also goes that in the 1950s , once Anne 's diary became public , the couple recognized Anne in their wedding video .
So they decided to contact her father , Otto Frank , to whom they gave a 5 second version of the clip .
Annemarie Bekker of the Anne Frank House is quoted as saying :
" The museum has had the footage for some time , but thought YouTube would be a good platform to show the film and the other films about her life .
It 's another way to bring the life of Anne Frank to the attention of younger people , and all people worldwide . "
Though the footage predates
Anne 's very famous diaries , we find it to be a very captivating moment in time that highlights life prior to the Frank family going into hiding .
We have to agree with Bekker , who says , " The footage is very moving and very unique because these are the only moving images of Anne Frank . "
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti
FOR most of the past 20 hours I ’ve been hiking the earthquake - rubbled streets of Port - au - Prince .
Tuesday night , when we had less idea of the scope of the devastation , there was singing all over town : songs with lyrics like “ O Lord , keep me close to you ” and “ Forgive me , Jesus . ”
Preachers stood atop boxes and gave impromptu sermons , reassuring their listeners in the dark : “ It seems like the Good Lord is hiding , but he ’s here .
He ’s always here . ”
The day after , as the sun exposed bodies strewn everywhere , and every fourth building seemed to have fallen , Haitians were still praying in the streets .
But mostly they were weeping , trying to find friends and family , searching in vain for relief and walking around in shock .
If God exists , he ’s really got it in for Haiti .
Haitians think so , too .
Zed , a housekeeper in my apartment complex , said God was angry at sinners around the world , but especially in Haiti .
Zed said the quake had fortified her faith , and that she understood it as divine retribution .
This earthquake will make the devastating storms of 2008 look like child ’s play .
Entire neighborhoods have vanished .
The night of the earthquake , my boyfriend , who works for the American Red Cross , and I tended to hundreds of Haitians who lived in shoddily built hillside slums .
The injuries we saw were too grave for the few bottles of antiseptic , gauze and waterproof tape we had : skulls shattered , bones and tendons protruding from skin , chunks of bodies missing .
Some will die in the coming days , but for the most part they are the lucky ones .
Take everything you know about first - person shooters and throw it out the window .
You might ask “ why ? ” I do n’t care .
No one can hear you in space .
Forget about everything you ’ve ever learned about FPS games because none of that really applies to Futuremark ’s new multiplayer zero -g shooter Shattered Horizon .
It ’s a whole new playing field , and one that ’s worth checking out .
You may recognize the name Futuremark , not because of their presence in the game industry , but because they are the ones who tell you your computer is a piece of junk .
Futuremark is the industry leader in PC benchmarking software .
Not too long ago the company opened a game studio , which announced its first game at the 2008 Leipzig Games Convention .
Enter Shattered Horizon .
Shattered Horizon is a tactical first - person shooter which has gamers competing in the vastness of space , giving them six degrees of freedom .
This allows players to use entirely new strategies that would be otherwise impossible .
Ever read Ender ’s Game ?
Set 40 years in the future , Shattered Horizon deals with two factions vying for control of “ the Arc , ” fragments of Earth ’s moon which separated from the celestial body during a mining accident .
With Earth surrounded by debris , rescue or resupply of the miners and scientists proves impossible .
The International Space Agency ( ISA ) is told to apprehend the miners responsible for the catastrophe .
The Moon Mining Cooperative ( MMC ) must fight for their very existence .
The two factions fight across strategic locations spread out around the Arc .
First , it should be noted that Shattered Horizon has no singleplayer whatsoever .
It ’s entirely multiplayer - based , which is why the game only costs $ 19.99 on Steam .
There are four maps that ship with the game , and Futuremark has already promised more are on the way in the form of DLC .
Players will fight through various environments , such as the remains of the International Space Station , asteroid belts , and abandoned mining establishments .
There are three game modes , assault , skirmish and battle .
Assault is an attack - and - defend control point game .
Skirmish is your typical run -of - the - mill deathmatch , and battle is where either team must capture and control all of the points on the map to win .
Games can get pretty hectic , especially when you hit the 32 - player max .
Shattered Horizon has a persistent ranking system which keeps track of your stats and progression through the game .
There are also a slew of achievements players can earn .
There is a lack of weapon variety in Shattered Horizon , but the gun you get can function as an assault rifle or sniper rifle .
It ’s also equipped with three different types of grenades : EMP , concussion , and smoke .
Let me just say , it ’s very satisfying to shoot someone ’s oxygen tank .
When I first started up Shattered Horizon , I was expecting there to be a huge learning curve .
I ’ve played games like Descent , but I ’ve never really played a zero-g FPS .
Surprisingly the controls are elegantly simple .
You ’ve got your standard forward , backward , left , right , up down .
You ’ve got a thruster ( which is equivalent to a sprint in your standard FPS ) , and there are also controls for rotating and sweeping to the surface of an object .
There ’s also a suit - shutdown control which will disable your suit entirely – HUD , game chat , aural simulation ( there ’s no sound in space , so Futuremark designed the space suit to simulate sound ) , thrusters , the ability to anchor to surfaces – all gone .
The benefit of the suit - shutdown is you appear invisible on your opponent ’s radars .
It ’s really eerie shutting down your suit hearing only your heartbeat and breathing .
Careful though , when your suit is off , recoil from your weapon can propel you out into space , and if you go too far out you ’ll start to get hit by micrometeorites .
You might find yourself disoriented a lot at first , but you get the hang of it quickly .
The game is actually pretty easy to pick up and play , and it caters quite well to both hardcore and more casual gamers .
One thing that might concern people is the hardware aspect of the game .
Considering Futuremark is responsible for telling you you need to upgrade your video card , one might guess that the game is really demanding .
The truth is , it is pretty demanding .
Its minimum requirements cite that you need an 8800GT or higher with 2GB RAM , and the game flat out will not run on Windows XP ( requiring DX10 ) .
However , if you ’re computer was made within the last two years , chances are it will run this game without a problem ( although you may need to lower some of the settings for it to run smoothly ) .
The game does have stunning graphics when the settings are cranked up and the lighting is very impressive .
Real - time shadows appear on all objects , sunlight glimmers on metallic space debris , and light refracts through your visor .
It ’s a really immersive experience if your PC ’s got the goods .
Shattered Horizon is fun .
Plain and simple .
It ’s easy to quickly jump into a game , play a round , and jump out .
The game has brilliant controls and breathtaking visuals .
If there ’s one thing that first - person shooters lack lately , it ’s innovation , and Shattered Horizon excels in this regard .
My only real gripe is the lack of depth within the game .
There is no weapon diversity , three game modes , and a handful of maps .
But with Futuremark already laying out plans for downloadable content , the $ 20 price tag is definitely justifiable to gamers looking for a fresh FPS experience .
The Lowdown
8.3
Final Thoughts
how we score
Shattered Horizon articulates a whole new way of playing first - person shooters .
It forces gamers to step out of their comfort zone and retool their FPS strategies in a more multi-dimensional sense .
Futuremark really pushed the envelope with its first video game , and it boasts an affordable $ 20 price tag to boot !
NBC confirms a deal has been signed for Conan O'Brien 's exit , it was announced on the Today show .
" It is now official , " said Meredith Vieira this morning .
In a report , NBC said it is a $ 45 million deal , with about $ 12 million of that going to staff severance pay .
It was also noted that intellectual properties , such as Triumph , the Insult Comic Dog , will not go with O'Brien when he leaves .
He 's allowed to return to the air elsewhere no sooner than Sept.
1 .
A formal announcement will be made later today .
" In the end , Conan was appreciative of the steps NBC made to take care of his staff and crew , and decided to supplement the severance they were getting out of his own pocket , " Gavin Polone , O'Brien 's manager told The Wrap .
" Now he just wants to get back on the air as quickly as possible . "
Look for Tom Hanks and Will Ferrell - Conan 's first guest on The Tonight Show - to appear on Friday 's farewell show .
As O'Brien , 46 , said at the top of Tuesday 's show : " Hi , I 'm Conan O'Brien , and I 'm just three days away from the biggest drinking binge in history . "
Astronomers with the European Southern Observatory have just revealed the first images from their new telescope called VISTA : the Visible and Infrared Survey Telescope for Astronomy .
If ever there was an appropriate name for a ' scope , that 's it .
Why ?
Here 's why :
Oh baby .
Yeah , click it to embiggen .
This image is of the Flame Nebula , a star forming gas cloud in Orion .
The image itself covers about half a square degree on the sky ( twice the area of the full Moon ) and shows details of the nebula , including the core made up of stars invisible to optical telescopes .
The bright star in the image is the monster blue supergiant Alnitak , which is the easternmost ( left , to northern observers ) star in Orion 's belt .
Get a good look at it , because in a million years or so that star is gonna blow .
Can you spot the famous Horsehead Nebula in this picture ?
It looks a little different than you usually see it , because VISTA operates in the visible and near - infrared .
It uses a 4.1 meter mirror ( that 's big , folks ) to suck down light from the sky .
It is extremely sensitive and produces very high - resolution images ... as you 'd expect from a ' scope that has a 67 million pixel detector .
That 's so many pixels you 'd think they 'd make an image you could zoom into .
Oh wait : they did .
You 'll have some fun playing with that ; in fact , if you spend more than 14 minutes playing with it you 'll have spent longer than it took to take this image !
That 's right , that gorgeous shot is only a 14 minute exposure .
Here 's another phenomenal picture .
It 's an amazing 2 x 1.5 degree field toward the center of the Milky Way , revealing about a million stars !
It 's taken completely in the near infrared , just outside of what the human eye can see , and shows dust and stars mostly invisible in optical light .
As you can see , the center of our Galaxy is a mess .
Getting images in different wavelengths of light allows us to get a better handle on what 's happening in this incredibly crowded volume of space .
And yeah , this image is zoomable too .
You absolutely want to take that little tour ; I literally gasped when I saw it .
There 's also this very pretty shot of the Fornax galaxy cluster , a collection of galaxies 60 million light years away .
This 25 minute exposure captures quite a few galaxies .
Like before , it 's shots like this that help scientists get a handle on not just individual objects , but the environment in which they live , too .
If you want to see that environment for yourself , why , tour the zoomable image .
Finally , let me leave you with this remarkable photo , showing the VISTA camera itself .
Note the dude standing on the left .
VISTA is huge !
It weighs three tons , and I suspect most of that is the support equipment for it , including a dewar that holds the liquid nitrogen needed to cool the detector down to - 200° C .
See the glass in the front ?
That 's the largest IR - transparent window ever created .
It 's hard to believe that such a hulking camera can take such fine , detailed images , but that 's how these things work .
A lot of times in astronomy , bigger is better ... especially when it allows us to take such deep images of the cosmos .
Credits : Credit : ESO / J. Emerson / VISTA .
Acknowledgment : Cambridge Astronomical Survey Unit ; ESO/Y .
Beletsky .
Obama tells Senate not to ' jam ' through healthcare plan
The defeat has come on Mr Obama 's first anniversary in office US President Barack Obama has warned Democrats not to " jam " healthcare reforms through the Senate after a Republican won a seat in Massachusetts .
Mr Obama told ABC
News any vote should wait until Scott Brown had taken up his seat , and lawmakers should seek to " coalesce " around parts they agreed on .
Mr Brown will be Massachusetts ' first Republican senator since 1972 .
His victory means the Republicans now have enough votes in the Senate to block the Democrats ' healthcare plans .
The BBC's Paul Adams , in Boston , says it is a humiliating defeat for the Democrats , entailing the loss of their filibuster - proof 60 - 40 supermajority , and a deeply unwelcome anniversary present for President Obama exactly one year after his inauguration .
I never said I was going to do everything I can to stop healthcare
Scott Brown Massachusetts senator - elect
Your comments on the result Revolution in Kennedy country Obama approval ratings fall US media on Brown victory Profile : Scott Brown
Our correspondent adds that it is one of the biggest political upsets in years - in a seat held for almost half a century by Edward Kennedy , a Democratic Party colossus , who died last year .
Senator - elect Brown , 50 , told journalists his victory sent the message that " people are tired of business as usual in Washington politics " , and vowed to get to work as soon as possible .
He said he would go to Washington on Thursday with the hope of taking up his seat .
Frustration Earlier Mr Brown told NBC's
Today show he did not think the vote was a referendum on President Obama 's first year in power .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
After last night 's beating at the hands of the people of Massachusetts President Obama is keeping his head down
Mark Mardell
Mark Mardell 's America
And he denied he was intent on derailing the reforms .
" I never said I was going to do everything I can to stop healthcare , " he said .
" I believe everybody should have healthcare , it 's just a question of how we do it . "
Asked for his assessment of the Republican victory a year after taking office , President Obama told ABC : " The same thing that swept Scott Brown into office swept me into office . "
" People are angry and they are frustrated .
Not just because what has happened in the last year or two years , but what 's happened over the last eight years . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Obama said he wanted to make clear that any plans by Democrats for a Senate vote on the reform plan before Mr Brown took his seat were " off the table " .
" The Senate certainly should n't try to jam anything through until Scott Brown is seated , " he added .
" The people of Massachusetts spoke .
He has got to be part of that process . "
The president said it was important for Americans to understand that core elements of the bill such as cost containment and insurance reform were vital .
" I would advise that we try to move quickly to coalesce around those elements of the package that people agree on , " he said .
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said after a meeting with colleagues that legislators would take a few days to look at their options .
" We 're not going to rush into anything , " Reuters news agency quoted him as saying .
WHAT NEXT FOR OBAMA AGENDA ?
Obama 's bid to reform healthcare and pass climate bill now in doubt
On healthcare , Democrats in House could pass bill already passed by Senate
Or rush a compromise bill through before Brown can take his seat
But that could spark a political backlash on Democrats , even if both houses could agree it so soon
On climate , cap - and - trade bill passed by the House faces even more difficulties in Senate
Q&A : Effect on Obama 's agenda Q&A : US healthcare reform " There are many different things that we can do to move forward on healthcare , but we 're not making any of those decisions now . "
However , the Republican party chairman , Michael Steele , said Americans were breathing a " sigh of relief " over healthcare .
" People across the country are saying : ' Slow it down , ' " he said , quoted by the Associated Press .
Dubbed Senator Beefcake in the US media , Mr Brown is a lawyer and former model who posed almost naked for Cosmopolitan magazine in the 1980s while in law school .
Correspondents say the vote does not bode well for the Democrats ahead of November 's congressional elections .
The result comes amid opinion polls showing nearly half of Americans think President Obama is not delivering on his major campaign promises .
It was the third major loss for Democrats in state - wide elections since he became president : Republicans won governors ' seats in Virginia and New Jersey in November .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the past year , the countries of Africa have intensified their efforts to build a coalition on climate change .
Across the continent , governments and communities have been working to ensure that their concerns and expectations are heard at this month 's Copenhagen climate negotiations .
Africa is highly vulnerable to climate change .
In our lifetimes , climate shifts will likely inflict severe damage to human welfare in a continent already battling with entrenched poverty , degraded ecosystems and civil strife .
More than 40 % of the continent 's inhabitants live in extreme poverty and 70 % of that number are located in rural areas , depending largely on agriculture for their livelihoods .
Climate change will affect farmers from the Sahel to the highlands of Lesotho .
Rising temperatures could lead to new epidemics of mosquito - borne diseases in countries such as Kenya and Uganda .
Storms and floods are likely to intensify , wiping out vital infrastructure and housing in Madagascar , Mozambique and many other coastal areas .
Any concerted effort to tackle climate change in Africa must focus primarily on poverty reduction and the UN 's millennium development goals ( MDGs ) , the internationally agreed effort to halve extreme poverty and hunger and reduce major diseases by 2015 .
Any attempt to " seal the deal " – as the secretary - general puts it – must therefore also involve a development deal for African nations and other developing regions .
However , finalising such a deal is n't just about responding to Africa 's vulnerabilities .
It also means that we must assess how African countries can contribute to the solution .
First , we must remember that climate change is not a problem of Africa 's making : according to estimates , the continent has contributed only 3.8 % of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .
Further , Africa 's potential to help tackle climate change is both largely unrecognised and unrealised .
For instance , thanks to the forest cover and rich topsoil found in many countries in Africa , the region represents a major carbon storehouse .
African forests take in 20 % of the carbon absorbed by trees across the world .
It is now widely recognised that global temperatures should not increase more than two degrees Celsius as compared with pre-industrial levels .
The world will not be able to achieve that goal without reducing emissions from land use and leveraging the untapped capacity of ecosystems to store carbon .
Africa has a central role to play in that process .
The climate deal that replaces the Kyoto protocol in 2012 could result in important additional funds for developing countries .
These funds could represent a primary source of development financing for the continent .
Climate change management thus offers a number of " win-win " opportunities for African countries to both reduce the adverse effects of climate change and address some of their deep - rooted development concerns such as access to energy , food security and the prevention of crises and conflicts .
While these key issues should serve as the core pillars of Africa 's engagement in the negotiations , the next question is how to transform these opportunities into concrete actions and results .
Africa will require urgent support for the formulation of climate change strategies as well as upfront financing to take highly effective measures for adaptation and mitigation .
Because of the sheer impact and magnitude of climate change on the continent , African leaders at national and sub-national levels ( regions , provinces and municipalities ) must not only co-ordinate their responses to its effects but also ensure that they are in line with existing development plans .
With over 70 % of greenhouse gas emissions influenced by local behaviours and investment choices , sub-national authorities , which are often responsible for making key decisions on the ground , will be essential actors in this process .
African policymakers are aware of the need to co-ordinate climate strategies , as exemplified by a recent declaration , signed by 30 African ministers , which speaks of " a consolidated framework to ensure coordination and coherence … of climate change initiatives and sustainable development plans in Africa at all levels . "
As such , one of the immediate priorities will be the creation of a fund that would build the capacities of developing countries in preparing such low - carbon and climate - resilient strategies .
In addition , a range of resources – from grants and loans to fiscal measures and market - based instruments – will be needed for successful mitigation and adaptation on the ground .
Additional aid is also urgently required to complement the new adaptation fund of the UN framework convention on climate change ( UNFCCC ) , which is helping vulnerable countries to meet the costs of adaptation .
Market - based instruments are essential .
If properly reformed , the clean development mechanism ( CDM ) and other carbon market schemes could play a significant role in funding a broad portfolio of renewable energy and energy - efficient options in Africa .
These could represent more than 180 gigawatts of additional power generation .
That is more than twice the region 's total existing capacity .
Biocarbon , the carbon sequestered and stored in the world 's trees , plants , soil and oceans , offers similarly attractive investment options that could significantly contribute to reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation .
The stakes and options are clear .
If world leaders seal the deal – and ensure that it is a deal for development – the result could be a huge new boost in the fight for human development and environmental sustainability in Africa .
SINGAPORE — In Taipei and Hong Kong , horrid crimes are no longer left for tabloid readers to imagine .
Crimes are now re-enacted by animators , who render the latest real - life carjackings and knifings into video game - quality digital cartoons .
The videos , as visually alluring as the Grand Theft Auto game series , are produced within hours .
Recently , within one day of a police officer ’s murder , the Apple Daily tabloids released a vivid re-enactment of the murder — capturing the perp ’s haircut , the length of his blade and the torrent of blood spurting from the officer ’s neck .
“ People really want to watch stuff instead of reading , ” said Simon Lee , CEO of multimedia for Apple Daily .
The tabloids , which already attract Taiwan and Hong Kong readers with hardcore crime coverage in print , launched their “ Motion News ” in mid-November .
Some of the Chinese - language animations are posted online and can be viewed here .
But the tabloids are mostly marketing the animations as mobile downloads , beamed into phones for about three cents per video under a low - cost subscription plan .
“ Some people might have a hesitation about the truthfulness , ” Lee said .
“ I debate them .
Even if I write something , how true is that ?
We ’ve been training [ the animators ] for two years to obtain every detail in the crime scene . ”
But Apple Daily ’s foray into digital gore has already riled the Taiwan government .
Taipei Mayor has promised to fine Next Media , owner of Apple Daily ’s Taiwan and Hong Kong editions , more than $ 15,500 for violating Taiwanese decency acts .
According to the The China Post , Chairwoman Bonnie Peng of Taiwan ’s National Communications Commission said the videos “ cannot actually be called news . ”
The commission has warned of further retribution , including blocking Next Media ’s pending licenses to launch cable TV channels .
Apple Daily ’s animations recreate police blotter items ranging from armed robbery to bizarre domestic disputes .
For more than a year , the Apple Daily animators have built a library of digital knives , cars , buildings and people that can be tweaked and inserted into the recreations .
It takes only about two hours to create an animation and the tabloid attempts to produce between 20 and 30 each day .
Beyond crime , the media group intends to churn out animations recreating court scenes , behind - the - scenes sports moments and medical procedures .
The roughly 300 animators work in what resembles a telemarketing call center .
Each wears a headset used to banter back and forth with reporters and editors .
They work using two monitors : one that displays tidbits about the crime and one that ’s used to hurriedly recreate the incident .
Both the animators and reporters revel in an obsession over small details , Lee said .
“ They say , ‘ The hair color is n’t like that .
It ’s darker .
No , that guy is too tall or way too short . ’ ”
A small number of readers have already objected to the service , complaining that animators could never perfectly render a horrid crime scene as it actually unfolded .
Other readers , Lee said , find the cartoons uncomfortably graphic .
“ People sometimes ca n’t handle the truth , ” Lee said .
“ Culturally , for the generation who grew up with the internet , they know how to handle the truth .
Some older people might find this too exciting .
But even as they say this , they still consume our product . ”
But the preliminary response , Lee said , has been overwhelmingly positive .
The website ’s traffic doubled on the first day the “ Motion Videos ” were posted .
Shortly after launching in 1995 , Apple Daily ’s racy Hong Kong edition was condemned by Chinese authorities .
But through its relentless coverage of street violence , celebrities and auto accidents , it eventually became the second - largest circulation paper in the city .
The Taipei edition was launched in 2003 to similar success .
The re-enactments , Lee said , are part of a larger strategy to wean readers off print and crank up the tabloids ’ online and mobile phone offerings .
“ Let ’s face it , ” he said .
“ Newspapers are going downhill .
And print is no longer the future . ”
Through a licensing agreement , Lee said , roughly 70 percent of iPhones sold in Hong Kong are installed with an Apple Daily application that offers “ Motion News . ”
The tabloids eventually want to produce animations for Western newspapers , which may find it difficult to compete with Apple Daily ’s up - and - running animation farms .
Lee said he ’s considering a “ road show ” to the U.S. to interest various news outlets .
Here is a familiar context - free grammar for arithmetic expressions :
S ::= add add ::= mul | add + mul mul ::= term | mul * term term ::= number | ( S ) number ::= digit | digit number digit ::= 0 | 1 | ... | 9
I have a challenge for you : write a program ( in a language of your choice ) which enumerates all strings accepted by this grammar .
That is , your program runs forever , but if I have a string this grammar accepts , then your program should output it in a finite amount of time .
( This really is a fun challenge , so I encourage interested readers to try it themselves )
This is a tricky problem .
Indeed it is sufficiently tricky that I cannot think of a clean imperative solution to it ( which I ’m sure is also related to being very out - of - practice in imperative programming ) .
I ’m interested to see any such solutions that people came up with .
( And I ’ll try it myself in the meantime )
But I ’m going to present a functional solution using a neat little monad called Omega which I just uploaded to Hackage .
Let ’s step back and consider a simpler motivating example .
Consider the following list comprehension ( and recall that list comprehensions are just the list monad behind a little bit of sugar ) :
pairs = [ ( x , y ) | x <- [ 0.. ] , y <- [ 0.. ] ]
This looks like it generates all pairs of naturals , but it does not .
It generates the list [ ( 0,0 ) , ( 0,1 ) , ( 0,2 ) , ... ] , so the first element of the pair will never get to 1 .
If Haskell allowed us to use ordinal numbers as indices then we could : pairs !! ω == ( 1,0 ) . :-)
Conceptually what we have is a lattice of pairs that we ’re “ flattening ” poorly :
( 0,0 ) ( 0,1 ) ( 0,2 ) ( 0,3 ) ... ( 1,0 ) ( 1,1 ) ( 1,2 ) ( 1,3 ) ... ( 2,0 ) ( 2,1 ) ( 2,2 ) ( 2,3 ) ... . . . .
We ’re flattening it by taking the first row , then the second row , and so on .
That ’s what concat does .
But anybody who ’s had a brief introduction to set theory knows that that ’s not how you enumerate lattices !
You take the positive diagonals : ( 0,0 ) , ( 1,0 ) , ( 0,1 ) , ( 2,0 ) , ( 1,1 ) , ( 0,2 ) , ... .
That way you hit every element in a finite amount of time .
This is the trick used to show that there are only countably many rational numbers .
Omega is the monad that comes from this concept .
We define Omega ‘s join to be this “ diagonal ” function .
What we get back is a monad with a nice property :
If x occurs at a finite position in xs and y occurs at a finite position in f x , then y occurs at a finite position in f =<< xs
It ’s hard to know what that means without knowing what =<< is supposed to mean .
It means if you have a ( possibly infinite ) list of items , and to each one you apply a function which generates another ( possibly infinite ) list , and you merge them all together , you ’ll be able to reach every result in a finite time .
More intuitively , it means if you write a multiple branching recursive function where each branch recurses infinitely ( generating values ) , you will not get stuck in the first branch , but rather generate values from all branches .
And that is exactly what we need to write the context - free enumerator .
Given a simple data structure representing a context - free grammar :
data Symbol a = Terminal a | Nonterminal [ [ Symbol a ] ] -- a disjunction of juxtapositions
Then we can write an enumerate function in a straightforward depth - first way :
enumerate ( Terminal a ) = return [ a ] enumerate ( Nonterminal alts ) = do alt <- each alts -- for each alternative -- ( each is the Omega constructor :: [ a ] -> Omega a ) rep <- mapM enumerate alt -- enumerate each symbol in the sequence return $ concat rep -- and concatenate the results
But the Omega monad will do some heavy lifting and stagger those generators for us .
Defining the grammar above :
arithGrammar = s where s = Nonterminal [ [ add ] ] add = Nonterminal [ [ mul ] , [ add , Terminal '+' , mul ] ] mul = Nonterminal [ [ term ] , [ mul , Terminal '*' , term ] ] term = Nonterminal [ [ number ] , [ Terminal '( ' , s , Terminal ' ) ' ] ] digit = Nonterminal $ map ( map Terminal . show ) [ 0..9 ] number = Nonterminal [ [ digit ] , [ digit , number ] ]
And then running our enumerator :
runOmega $ enumerate arithGrammar
We get a very encouraging list of results :
0 1 0+0 0*0 0+1 ( 0 ) 1+0 0* 1 0+0*0 00 ...
Notice how each type of node is represented in that initial prefix .
That ’s a good sign that there wo n’t be degenerate repetitive behavior .
But of course we know there wo n’t be by the guarantee Omega makes ( unless I implemented it wrong ) .
Not everyone is drooling about Apple 's soon - to - be - launched tablet .
Members of the anti-DRM group Defective by Design were protesting Wednesday morning outside Apple 's tighty controlled launch event , handing out cards mocking Apple 's invitation , with Apple 's tagline " Come see our latest creation " replaced with " Come see our latest restriction . "
" There has been much speculation about what Apple will be announcing , with most of it revolving around a possible tablet PC -- basically an oversized iPhone , " reads a statement from the group .
" But no matter the form factor , it 's all but certain given the direction Apple has been going that any new product will be DRM - infected and restricted by proprietary software . "
Defective by Design 's take on Apple 's big -event invite
In addition to the group 's mock invitation , handed out to media member 's queueing up to watch the unveiling of the Apple tablet , two Defective by Design members were displaying large placards entitled " Entering Apple Restriction Zone , " said to be provided by the " Apple Security Administration . "
Check your computer 's freedom at the door
As we said in our recent article , " Welcome to the out - of - control decade , " there 's much to be concerned about as Apple and others lock down your computing devices .
Good on ya' , DBD . ®
LONDON , United Kingdom —
With former British Prime Minister Tony Blair ’s testimony before the Iraq
War inquiry now only days away , the nation watches in rapt suspense .
Known as the Chilcot inquiry after its chairman , Sir John Chilcot , the panel formed last summer to investigate the causes and conduct of the bitterly unpopular war has become Britain 's daily drama fix .
Testimony this week will attack Blair ’s most important position : that the war was legal .
Elizabeth Wilmshurst , a top government lawyer who wrote at the time that the “ unlawful use of force on such a scale amounts to the crime of aggression , ” and backed her protest up by quitting , will appear in public for the first time since her resignation .
Her testimony is expected to further wound the former prime minister , already hurt by revelations that he privately committed Britain to war before consulting Parliament .
Adding to the drama of a once - powerful man about to be dragged to a public account , has been the sight of old allies , like Jack Straw , the justice secretary , distancing themselves from Blair .
In a country largely united in hatred of the Iraq war , Blair is the focus of venomous emotions .
Some of his harshest critics will be present in the chamber when he appears Friday : relatives of British soldiers killed in what many of their countrymen view as a futile and unlawful conflict created by the United States .
Expecting mass demonstrations against Blair , Scotland Yard is planning to ring the venue with extra police .
A sense of spectacle pervades the government - appointed inquisition into the Iraq war .
Held in a gray , modernist conference center a short stroll from the palatial , neo -Gothic parliament buildings , it is tempting to view the hearings as an attack on centuries of governmental secrecy and privilege by an implacable present .
Yet it is not so simple .
The inquisitors are not revolutionaries .
They are titled members of the establishment , all with ties to government .
Four of them are knights and one a baroness .
Chilcot himself is a career diplomat and former top civil servant .
There is the feeling in some quarters that Britain has been here before .
“ There have already been four inquiries into the war , ” said Steve Kettell , associate professor of politics and international studies at Warwick University , and a founder and co-editor of the journal British Politics .
“ There ’s a huge body of opinion that all the others were a whitewash . ”
The most dramatic of these was the Hutton inquiry into the death of David Kelly , a defense department biological - warfare expert .
Kelly was unmasked as the source for a news report suggesting the government had knowingly exaggerated the threat posed by Saddam Hussein .
If it had turned out , as the report implied , that Blair had deliberately misled the House of Commons , he would have been forced to resign .
Kelly was therefore a crucial link in a chain of potentially ruinous allegations against Blair .
When the scientist was found dead in the woods near his Oxfordshire home in July 2003 , reportedly driven to suicide by official harassment , the government was forced to set up the Hutton inquiry .
Lord Hutton , a high - court judge , exonerated the government , raising a howl of disbelief in the national press .
The magisterial Sunday Times depicted the scholarly judge as the three wise monkeys , who hear no evil , see no evil and speak no evil .
“ The same criticism could now be made of the Chilcot inquiry , ” Kettell said — that it is an establishment panel not likely to pillory a former prime minister .
But it may have no choice .
Key members of Blair ’s cabinet have appeared at the witness table and been pressed about explosive revelations — for example , that Blair assured U.S. President George W. Bush , in private letters , that America could count on Britain .
Much hangs on the issue of legality .
Blair ’s detractors insist the conflict was illegal .
Lord Goldsmith , Blair ’s attorney general , appears to have given conflicting opinions , changing his mind to support the war only at the last minute .
Sir Michael Wood , formerly the Foreign Office ’s most senior lawyer , told the inquiry Tuesday that Jack Straw , foreign secretary at the time of the war , had called Wood 's legal objections " dogmatic , " and insisted that international law was " pretty vague . "
Wood said he strongly disagreed with Straw 's opinion .
Popular anger has been fueled by the belief of many Britons that Blair was Bush ’s “ poodle ” — ready to go to war in return for America ’s favor .
So virulent was public feeling against Bush that central London was virtually shut down by the security arrangements for his 2003 state visit .
As Blair ’s hour approaches , London police are again preparing for mass protests .
“ There ’s a huge upwelling of emotion , ” Kettell said , “ and the sense is that the people will never have a catharsis until the government is held responsible . ”
Editor 's note : Evgeny Morozov is a contributing editor at Foreign Policy magazine , where he writes a blog called Net.
Effect .
He is also Yahoo fellow at Georgetown University .
His book about the Internet and democracy will be published by PublicAffairs Books in autumn 2010 .
( CNN ) --
As protests sweep through Iran , a handful of Web sites -- Twitter , Facebook , and YouTube in particular -- are once again widely credited for their crucial role in the process .
But before we swallow yet another dose of cyber - utopianism , a more critical look at how the Internet has abetted both sides is in order .
The current protests very well may be a Twitter revolution , but only future historians would be able to say so conclusively .
At the moment we simply do not know if Twitter and Facebook have helped boost the turnout at demonstrations .
Iran -related discussions on the Internet have undeniably spiked , but it 's impossible to tell how such messages , many written by foreign observers , influence Iranians ' eagerness to risk their lives in the streets of Tehran or Isfahan .
Moreover , virtually all recent protests in Iran have been tied to some important political , religious or historical occasion .
For example , people turning out for two symbolic anniversaries on November 4 , the religious holiday of Ashura and the death of Great Ayatollah Montazeri , were not spontaneous outbursts organized and publicized by the Twitterati .
Such protests would have been well - attended even if the Internet did not exist .
This is not to deny that both Twitter and Facebook have played an important role in publicizing videos and photos of police brutality , most of them snapped and distributed with mobile phones .
Extraordinary as they are , we should not overestimate the usefulness of such materials .
The Iranian regime has proved remarkably immune to getting a bad rap in the international press , not to mention the United Nations .
Given the formidable risks that Iran's " citizen journalists " go through to record such videos , we in the West should be more cautious in encouraging them to capture the zeitgeist of the barricades .
Also , in the absence of independent review by professional reporters working on the ground -- and those who were banned from Iran a long time ago -- many videos have to carry a host of disclaimers .
Fake clips , usually made to provoke and split the opposition , are becoming a staple of the Iranian Internet .
One such video , which portrayed someone burning a poster of the country 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei before a crowd of cheering people , circulated on foreign and Iranian Web sites in early December .
Luckily , closer examination by Iranian and foreign bloggers showed that it was probably a skillful montage .
But can thousands of similar videos be fact - checked as thoroughly ?
The proliferation of fake videos suggests that the Iranian government may , directly or indirectly , benefit from using digital space for propaganda .
Even Twitter could become a potent tool of brainwashing :
In early July , The Wall Street Journal reported that after two weeks of protests the number of pro-government messages on Twitter increased 200 - fold compared with the period immediately after the election .
Flooding Twitter with fake and pro-government updates is one way to make Twitter unusable for the Western audiences .
How , after all , should we know what updates we can trust , if many of them are written by the government and its loyalists ?
It turns the Internet into the " Spinternet . "
That propaganda is displacing censorship as a primary means of controlling the Internet is quite remarkable .
In the past , the Iranian government would have simply blocked access to dissenting sites .
But blocking Twitter is impractical :
Not only would it be very expensive , but it would also disconnect the Iranian secret police from a valuable channel of gathering intelligence .
Such intelligence reports come in very handy when protests fizzle out and repressions commence .
The very first wave of post-election protests in the summer of 2009 left the Iranian authorities with a massive log of anti-government messages , all stored on Twitter and Facebook for posterity to process , analyze and act upon .
What many cheerleaders of Iran 's Twitter revolution fail to understand is that the easy availability of such information allows the regime to explore how various anti-government activists are connected to each other and to their foreign supporters .
All it takes is looking up their Facebook profiles .
It 's hardly surprising , then , that many Iranian - Americans traveling to Iran after the summer protests complained they were asked if they had Facebook accounts .
Passport control officials at Tehran 's Imam Khomeini International Airport even forced some of them log into them .
But even those Iranians abroad who did not travel anywhere and stayed at home complained of being harassed about their online activism .
One could only guess what fate awaits those who stayed in the country .
Making our way through billions of Twitter and Facebook updates , we should not lose sight of one critical feature of the digital age :
The wealth of information trails generated by digital activists has also provided authoritarian governments with better means to identify and squash emerging threats to their hegemony .
Even if the Iranian protests eventually succeed , it will be thanks to a combination of political , social and religious factors .
Putting all our chips on information technology alone can have catastrophic consequences for the future of democracy in that country .
The opinions expressed in the commentary are solely those of Evgeny Morozov .
For more , read his article in Design Mind magazine here .
In an earlier post , Ladd Everitt posed a provocative question : “ Can peace be obtained through anarchy ? ”
He answered : Maybe someday in the distant future when humanity becomes perfect , but not anytime soon because society needs protection from neo -Nazis .
Wait , what ?
If government is such a great protection against Nazis , then why did the Nazi Party pose its greatest threat to humanity when it was democratically elected into control of a national government ?
Democracy birthed the Nazi menace ; it did n’t prevent it .
In fact , anarchists would say that it ’s exactly this kind of centralized political structure , with citizens willing to follow the commands of whoever wins power , that creates the opportunity for aspiring authoritarians to seize control and do their worst .
But Everitt is n’t the first to raise this specter of ‘ ultimate evil ’ to justify government and its inherent abuses .
It ’s a common scare tactic regularly deployed by politicians to legitimize all sorts of loathsome policies .
Most recently , in his Nobel Prize lecture , President Obama sounded the Hitlerian alarm in a shameful attempt to justify his expansion of war in Afghanistan .
Obama ’s predecessors , Bush and Cheney , were also quite fond of this brand of rhetorical fearmongering , attempting to legitimize the “ War on Terror ” and the imminent threat of the “ Axis of Evil . ”
Nevertheless , humanity may always be faced with destructive or greedy opportunists who aim to harm others for their own personal gain .
The anarchist solution is , quite simply : Do n’t put them in charge .
Better yet , do n’t put anyone in charge , because history has demonstrated , over and over again , that power corrupts .
Even the most well - intentioned peacenik will either be transformed into a scheming , power - hoarding monster by the political process , or will never gain a position of power in the first place .
With such widespread support for powerful leaders , it ’s easy to see why the most destructive people on the planet are running amok , wielding governmental and corporate power , and controlling entire regions of the globe .
The results speak for themselves , none of which would be possible without millions of acquiescent adults enabling their leaders , eager to follow their every command .
But how could an anarchist society resist power - seekers who want to dominate and control others ?
There is only one way : more anarchists .
There is strength in numbers , and the more the better .
Perhaps Everitt misses this possibility because he makes the common mistake of imagining anarchy without anarchists .
That is , his hypothetical scenario of an anarchist society does n’t seem to have many anarchists in it .
Instead , it ’s full of roving fascists ( which seems more appropriate for a hypothetical society of roving fascism , no ? ) .
To be fair , the confusion may lie in the difference between the terms anarchy and anarchism .
The first , anarchy , describes a societal condition where no government is present , but it does n’t tell us much else .
For example , is it a permanent , sustainable anarchy ?
Is it only a temporary anarchy ?
Did government disappear against the wishes of the society , only to be re-formed again ?
Or , was the government intentionally disbanded by a community of anarchists ?
Anarchism seeks a very specific kind of anarchy : free societies based on the principles of mutual aid and free participation that reject all forms of political and economic exploitation .
It ’s a proactive form of social organization that involves much more than the mere absence of government , and is quite different from the way the media uses the term anarchy .
The media uses anarchy to mean chaos , especially when governmental power or police presence momentarily disappears .
For example , the anarchy on the streets of L.A. during the Rodney King riots , or the anarchy in a third world country when the central government loses control , giving way to gang warfare , etc .
Both instances could technically be called anarchy ( no government ) , but they ’re certainly not the same anarchy that results from anarchism .
When government suddenly disappears from a society whose citizens still approve of the principles of governance , it ’s not surprising that violence , chaos , and violent gang warfare often ensue .
But that ’s not an indictment of anarchism , it ’s an indictment of the principles of governance : class hierarchy , armed enforcement , violent punishment , vicious competition , militarism , and economic exploitation .
In the U.S. , for example , most Americans gladly exchange freedoms for the relative security and order that results from the institutionalized violence of government .
If their government were suddenly removed , chaos would likely result , especially if Americans continued to act upon the logic of domination and exploitation .
Without a fundamental change in principles , this kind of temporary anarchy could precipitate a violent struggle for domination , until one group beats all others into submission , restoring relative peace and order under a new government .
But is that really peace ?
If governments provide peace , then it ’s a rotten kind of peace .
It ’s a peace that ’s forged through fear and violent domination .
Governments are consistently and predictably abusive because they maintain order through punishing violence .
Social order and peace on the surface hide the dirty business of threats , punishment , and exploitation underneath .
Under a particularly nasty government , it ’s common to expect constant wars , torture , surveillance , secret prisons , corporatism , corruption , environmental destruction , and the perpetual risk of nuclear annihilation .
But even under the most benign government , policy is still influenced by only a portion of society ( usually a tiny , wealthy minority ) , regardless of dissenters ; taxation is mandated to fund all policies , whether one abhors them or not ; the acceptance of the rule of law is assumed at birth , without consent ; and any meaningful opposition to the established order of things ( more than simply voting every few years for one of two similar candidates , or protesting within ‘ free speech ’ zones ) is greeted with fines , imprisonment or worse .
This is the kind of peace that results from all forms of government , regardless of whether conservatives or progressives dictate policy : do what you ’re told , or else .
For those at the bottom of the system , it ’s even worse .
The logic of any hierarchy demands that some people are at the top and some people are at the bottom .
When a society is organized according to political and economic hierarchies , the result is a privileged class of owners and rulers that benefit from a lower class of the most heavily abused and exploited .
Ironically , even many proponents of nonviolence support this arrangement , enjoying the relative comfort , security , and wealth that the systemic exploitation of the poor provides .
They may protest wars abroad with slogans like “ There is no way to peace ; peace is the way , ” disagree with their government ’s most obvious excesses , or advocate reforms , but most still continue to fund , support , and participate in their political system of systemic violence .
There are alternatives , of course .
Peace without government may seem difficult to imagine , and even harder to achieve , but it ’s not without precedent .
There are many examples of anarchist societies that have existed in the past , so it ’s inaccurate to claim that civilization needs to be perfect before anarchist societies can exist .
Still , how can new anarchist societies be sustained ?
Anarchism is different from other political movements in that it ca n’t be imposed on a population by a small group of rebels through violent revolution , nor can it be implemented through governmental reforms .
Government will only be replaced by free societies when enough people in a community affirm that it ’s unacceptable to be ruled , or to rule others , and organize themselves into a large enough group to withstand those seeking to rule them .
They would have to agree that it ’s no longer acceptable to benefit from the pain and suffering caused by the exploitation and domination of others .
This does n’t require people to become perfect or morally enlightened , but to make a different set of choices , based on a different set of principles , and to back them up with action .
If anarchist principles are to ever become popular enough to make this a widespread reality , a more honest portrayal of anarchism seems like an essential prerequisite .
The new film House Of Numbers ( reviewed by me here ) contains excerpts of interviews with almost everyone of significance in the debate about whether or not HIV causes severe immune deficiency ( aka AIDS ) .
In a true scientific debate , the defenders of AIDS orthodoxy would jump at every chance to engage in debate with HIV skeptics , in the hope of either clearly refuting their arguments , or else learning something from them .
But instead their mantra is :
“ We will not engage in any public or private debate with AIDS denialists or respond to requests from journalists who overtly support AIDS denialist causes . ”
Some of the people interviewed by filmmaker Brent Leung did n't realize that his final product was not going to be a one - sided rehash of the nonsense that has been fed to us for the last 25 years by the AIDS establishment , but rather would feature both sides of the story .
They therefore regret their participation in the film , and are trying to explain away the comments they made and to portray Mr. Leung as being deceptive .
But , had he stormed into their offices telling them that he had doubts about HIV , by their own admission , they would n't have given him the time of day .
In any event , is there one question they would have answered differently had they then granted an interview ?
The answer , one must presume , must be " No . "
So what difference does it make ?
Cheryl Nagel at the Rethinking AIDS conference in Oakland , California , November 2009 .
Cheryl , who appears in the movie House Of Numbers , carries a copy of my recent review of the film with her in her purse wherever she goes , so she is always ready to show it to people .
Without the intervention of Peter Duesberg her daughter Lindsey would not be alive today , but instead would be dead of AZT poisoning .
Particularly problematical for the orthodoxy is the interview with Luc Montagnier , the French scientist who discovered HIV ( if you accept that he discovered something ) .
You can watch this interview today on YouTube .
The most interesting part of the exchange goes like this :
Montagnier " We can be exposed to HIV many times without being chronically infected .
Our immune system will get rid of the virus in a few weeks , if you have a good immune system . "
Leung " If you have a good immune system , then your body can naturally get rid of HIV ? "
Montagnier " Yes . "
Montagnier goes on to say that a neglected point in battling sickness in Africa is that nutrition and hygiene are very important , and people are only thinking of drugs and vaccines .
The significance of such comments coming from , of all people , the man who supposedly discovered the HIV virus , cannot be overstated .
To understand why , you must understand that the whole problem of HIV boils down to one very simple concept : people get sick — why ?
If five gay men in California get sick enough to die , then what made them sick ?
Did they destroy their immune systems with a decade of hard drug use and nightly visits to the bathhouses ?
Or , was it an exotic new deadly retrovirus , something not previously known to exist among humans ?
In sub -Saharan Africa , a land where malaria , malnutrition , tuberculosis , and diarrhea ( due to unsanitary water ) are not uncommon , and in many places modern health care is not available , why do people get sick ?
Is it the retrovirus ?
In North America why did so many people get sick and die in the years following 1987 when AZT was approved ?
Was it because AZT inhibits DNA synthesis and in high dosages inevitably leads to death ?
Or was it the retrovirus ?
The simplest answer is the best answer ; where there are obvious explanations for why people get sick , we do n't need to invent a new one .
But the simple and the obvious can't be patented .
You can't build a multi- hundred - billion dollar taxpayer - funded industry on it .
So the retrovirus it is .
Professor Luc Montagnier being interviewed by Brent Leung for House Of Numbers .
Montagnier 's comments call for some damage control , and over at Inside House of Numbers , a website devoted to debunking Leung 's movie , we get some .
Let 's look at the page entitled Montagnier : No Denial .
( Though this particular page is anonymous , the site is affiliated with AIDSTruth.org , so presumably it was written by one of their regular contributors . )
In response to this criticism , Brent Leung has released an extended , unedited version of this portion of the interview .
Whereas the original clip ( linked to above ) is about one minute , this one is four minutes .
You can now view this longer clip here .
Having just watched the new clip myself , I would like to go through several points made in the " rebuttal " :
" Unedited footage of Luc Montagnier ’s interview with Brent Leung is not available , so there is as yet no way to identify the context for his short clips .
He speaks a total of 212 words in the film , on several different subjects , and is led by Leung on the question of whether nutrition can prevent HIV seroconversion . "
In the longer clip , Montagnier speaks at greater length about his central point , that there should be less focus on drugs and vaccines in Africa , and more on nutrition , hygiene , and clean water .
It is clear that nothing he is saying is being taken out of context , and Leung is not " leading " him in any way .
And why would someone of Montagnier 's experience allow himself to be led by an interviewer anyway ?
He 's not some sixteen - year - old kid in a room full of bad cops trying to get him to confess to a bogus shoplifting rap .
He can handle himself just fine .
" It is likely that Montagnier was discussing the ways that people with relatively strong immune systems might also be relatively resistant to becoming infected with the virus . "
True , because he still believes HIV is transmissible and causes AIDS .
See my comments below .
But that 's not all he says !
" This is an important scientific question because , as is well known , the sexual transmission of HIV is inefficient … "
That is the understatement of the century .
" … and some people are known to be particularly resistant to acquiring the virus ( cohorts of exposed - uninfected sex workers are the subject of several research programs ) . "
Yes , we must make some adjustments to our Ptolemaic theory of HIV to hold us until Copernicus gets here .
How can we explain uninfected sex workers ?
It ca n't be the obvious , that HIV is not sexually transmitted .
New studies will be necessary .
They will be filed alongside the old ones .
" But it is clear that in November 2009 , well after he was sucker - punched by Leung , Montagnier still states clearly that AIDS is caused by HIV , which damages T - cells , a key element of the immune system , although he again states that co-factors play a role in infection and disease progression . "
He was n't sucker - punched .
And there 's no doubt that Montagnier still believes HIV causes AIDS ; as the discoverer of HIV , he 's pretty much married to that proposition .
But that does n't stop him from seeing something that should be more obvious to everyone else , that nutrition and hygiene play an important role in not getting sick .
Since he still believes in HIV , he is attempting to reconcile the two — staying healthy must somehow ward off HIV .
" Montagnier does not spontaneously say in the film that a healthy diet will clear the virus . "
Yes , he does , though he does n't phrase it exactly like that .
And in fact , he says it three times .
Check out 0:360:51 , 1:34 1:38 , and 3:10 3:18 of the new clip .
" It is also well known that Montagnier ’s command of English is imperfect , and that he sometimes does not explain his thinking very clearly in this language . "
This is utter nonsense .
At no time in the new clip does he ask Leung to repeat himself or clarify a question .
He uses words like " oxidative , " equilibrated , " " antioxidants , " and " occidental " ( which he then follows with " western , " realizing some viewers might not know what " occidental " means ! )
His grammar is nearly perfect ; I noticed only one or two minor mistakes .
He knows exactly what he is saying .
He even says at the end of the clip that " … this is a message which may be different from what you 've heard before , no ? "
He knows full well that what he is saying does not follow the party line .
It 's very important for the high priests of HIV to prevent any doubt from entering the temple .
If one tenet of their religion is debunked , that opens the door to questioning the others .
The religion of HIV maintains that HIV and HIV alone causes AIDS .
If other things make people sick , sick enough to die , then it begs the question , why do we need HIV at all ?
Montagnier is becoming like the heretic who still believes in the deity , but refuses to precisely follow the canonical script .
It may be necessary to kick him out of the church :
" But perhaps Montagnier does believe what Leung made him out to say .
In that case , he would be wrong .
Montagnier entertains other ideas that most scientists consider to be eccentric and with a dubious basis , as for example the experiments on “ resonance emission of low - frequency electromagnetic waves through high - water dilutions of DNA ” mentioned here .
For an excellent dissection of this idea , please see Andy Lewis ’ October 20 , 2009 , blog post on Quackometer : “ Why I Am Nominating Luc Montagnier for an IgNobel Prize ” for research “ that could not and should not be replicated . ”
Think of it — the very man who discovered HIV , kicked out of the temple !
On this World AIDS Day , my hope is that both sides , HIV believers and HIV skeptics , can suspend their personal judgment of Luc Montagnier for a moment and instead take his words about the importance of nutrition and hygiene to heart .
If we can help Africans to focus on those issues , rather than feed them toxic drugs , we may be able to save some lives .
And that 's what really matters .
House of Numbers should be in theaters in January of 2010 .
Be sure and check out the film 's website for updates .
The Best of James Foye
R.I.P. , Patrick Swayze .
And Michael Jackson .
And John Hughes .
And Farrah Fawcett .
And Walter Cronkite .
When you put it that way , it sounds like a lot — but has there really been a noteworthy uptick in celebrity deaths this summer ?
Advertisement
Since the news of Swayze 's passing hit Twitter last night , I 've seen a ton of people reiterating a sentiment that 's been floating around at least since Jackson and Fawcett went within 24 hours of each other : 2009 is the year of shocking celebrity deaths !
Michael , Farrah , Walter , John , Patrick .
Jim Carroll .
Dominick Dunne . Gidget the Taco Bell dog .
It 's as though some cruel virus is making its way through Celebrityland , robbing us of our icons .
Except for how there is no Celebrityland , and famous people die all the time — especially ones as old as Cronkite and Dunne .
( And Gidget , who was 105 in dog years . )
Advertisement
In 2008 , for example , we lost Studs Terkel , in his nineties , like Cronkite ; Paul Newman at 83 , like Dunne ; Michael Crichton of cancer in his sixties , like Fawcett ; Tim Russert of a heart attack in his late fifties , like Hughes and Carroll ; Bernie Mac unexpectedly at age 50 , like Jackson ; not to mention Jeff Healey and Brad Renfro , respectively far too young and far , far too young .
Beloved Golden Girl Bea Arthur died in 2009 — and beloved Golden Girl Estelle Getty died in 2008 .
So what 's the big deal about this year ?
I can't help thinking all the claims that 2009 is somehow unusual , celebrity deathwise , are about as scientifically valid as those e-mails pointing out the " shocking " similarities between Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy .
( Both were succeeded by southerners !
Both have 15 letters in their names ! )
And yet , my Twitter feed is once again clogged with statements like , " The Summer of Death continues . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I suppose the " summer " point is fair , even if it 's nearly fall ; we 've lost a lot of big names in a fairly short time period .
But I think a more salient point was expressed in a tweet by Salon 's Mary Elizabeth Williams : " Man , it 's like the eighties just keeps dying . "
Right after my mom died , when I was 25 , my shrink made a comment I still have n't quite forgiven her for : " You 're at the age when people start losing their parents . "
That was the last thing I wanted to hear at the time — my grief was special , dammit !
It was nothing so pedestrian as the natural consequence of getting older !
But however much I resented hearing it , she was right .
And now , I have to say this : Internet , you 're at the age when people start losing their childhood icons .
Advertisement
Well , not all of you .
But a whole lot of the people writing obituaries , trend pieces , and maudlin tweets these days .
When the news of Hughes 's death broke , the Broadsheet e-mail list was almost instantly abuzz with memorial commentary — from me , Williams , Sarah Hepola , Lynn Harris and Amy Benfer , all of us born somewhere between 1965 and 1975 .
The younger Broadsheeters were silent — much as I was every time I heard one of my parents say , " Oh no !
So and so died ! " while I was growing up .
Who ?
I 'm supposed to care why ?
Just as Russert 's untimely death received head - of - state - style coverage because so many journalists knew him personally , the deaths of Jackson , Fawcett , Hughes , and Swayze , in particular , seem unusually newsy because so many of us charged with writing about them are in our thirties and forties , with fond memories of the lost celebrities going back to our childhoods .
I mean , I 'm not trying to downplay the global impact of The King of Pop here — or even Johnny Castle , rest his soul — but I find it troubling that their deaths are being cast as part of some bizarre pattern , which is then expanded to include the likes of Cronkite and Dunne , on whom our generation has no particular claim .
Advertisement
The only pattern here is that people die — and a lot of us have finally gotten old enough to " know " and really miss the ones who do .
The older we get , the more we recognize the names of the dead , the more we recall first seeing them on screen , the more we have to say about the meaning of their absence — and the more every season , every year , will feel like it deserves an " ... of Death " title .
That 's not a new trend .
It 's just what happens when you 're lucky enough to keep living .
Published on 12 November 2009 13:03 , Evelina Topalova , Sofia
Will Voyvodina follow the example of Kosovo which announced its independence from Serbia in February last year ?
The fears in Serbian society have been nurtured by new separatists ' burdens for more than a year and the reason - the definition of the status of the Northern Serbian territory .
The decision seems close after on the 5th of November the Serbian government approved a draft legislation for the powers of Voyvodina and 2 days later the regional parliament supported the harmonisation of the status with the legislation .
The status of Voyvodina , approved by the local Skupshtina ( Parliament ) more than a year ago , several corrections have been included with the aim to make it " compatible " with the Serbian Constitution and to relieve the tensions , caused by the increase of powers of the region .
After a proposal of the socialists , who are a coalition partner in the government , in the new status it will be explicitly written that Voyvodina is an inseparable part of Serbia .
The city of Novi Sad will not be mentioned as a capital of the territory but as a main administrative centre .
Among other changes is the option Voyvodina to be allowed to conclude agreements but only on a regional level , not on international level .
The socialists said that with these changes " all elements of a system of state have been removed from the status " .
One of the controversial issues that had to be solved is related to property .
According to the status Voyvodina will own as property only the public enterprises on its territory .
Voyvodina will have its own revenues but their type and amount will be approved by a law .
And again according to the status , Voyvodina will have the right to have its own bank for development which will support the small and medium sized enterprises as well as to have an Academy of science .
Besides , the regional will have its own representation office in Brussels but only if the Serbian government would approve it .
The cabinet has approved the status draft law as part of the process of decentralisation .
However , this caused a lot of criticism from the opposition who said that the status is an " anti- state act " which might have negative consequences for the unity of Serbia .
The radicals announced that the draft status and the draft law for the powers of Voyvodina will lead to the " creation of a new federal entity on Serbian territory " .
The former prime minister - nationalist Voislav Koshtunitsa said that the status is a separatist act and is in contradiction of the Constitution with main aim to create " a state within the state " .
The chairman of the Executive Council of Voyvodina Boyan Paytich responded to criticism by saying that after the status is enforced together with the law , the region will have a wider autonomy than before but it will be much smaller , compared to a large number of other regions in Europe .
Whether the economically rich territory of Voyvodina will gain a wider autonomy will be decided by the Serbian parliament .
Both drafts have been included in a parliamentary procedure and now the MPs are to decide their fate .
当サイトはヴァーナル３０周年限定特別企画の「素肌つるつるセット」の通販サイトです。
ヴァーナルの 「素肌つるつるセット」は、肌のシワ、乾燥、たるみなどに悩むすべての女性にお勧めのアイテムです。
⇒ヴァーナル素肌つるつるセット・初回限定セット公式サイトはこちら
ヴァーナルの石 鹸
ヴァーナルには２つの石鹸があります。
この２つの石鹸が可能にしたのが、肌代謝メカニズムに働きかけるスキンケアで、内側から輝くような素肌へ導きます。
石鹸�@アンクソープ
【超吸着泡で毛穴の底から根こそぎ汚れ落とし】
アンクソープは、メイク汚れをはじめ肌にとって不要なものをしっかり落とす、洗浄力に優れたクレンジングせっけんです。きめ細かくもっちりとした泡が肌に密着して、ゴシゴシせずとも汚れを吸着。アクネ菌のエサとなる毛穴に詰まった皮脂も、肌への負担なくすっきりオフ。さらに薬用成分と植物パワーが、肌荒れをケアしながら、うるおいもチャージして、つるんとピュアな状態へ。ニキビを寄せつけないすこやかな肌の土台を作ります。
メイク汚れはもちろん、くすみの原因となる古い角質もごっそり落とす。
肌の透明度をグンと引き上げ、クリアな素肌に導きます。毛穴の奥までスッキリ♪
○主な成 分
麦飯石( 抜群の吸着力）
ホホバ種子油 ( 高い保湿力 ）
ドクダミエキス( 抗菌作用 ）
石鹸 �Aセンシティブザイフ
【キメを整え、肌のざらつきを除去】
センシティブザイフは、ドイツの皮膚科学をベースにした敏感肌にもお使い頂ける低刺激性のせっけんです。クリーミーな泡が、汚れを取り去った肌にやさしくはたらきかけ、柔らかでキメの整った洗い上がりに。その秘密は薬用成分と世界中の素材から厳選した１６種の美容成分。しっとりとしたなめらかさを与えながら、肌を引き締めて、肌荒れも予防。植物のさまざまなパワーが肌力を目覚めさせ、すこやかな状態へと導きます。
１６種類の保湿・肌荒れ防止成分配合。
なめらかな泡が肌のキメ一つ一つをふっくらと整えます。
しっとりとした洗い上がりで赤ちゃんのようになめらかなすべすべ肌に。毛穴を引き締め、キメまで整う♪
○主な成 分
ハチミツ（うるおいの効果）
シア脂（なめらか肌へ）
アボカド油( 美肌・修復機能 ）
ヴァーナル石鹸での正しい洗顔
ターンオーバーはご存じのとおり古いお肌が新しく生まれ変わるもの。
じつは、若いころにメイクをしたまま寝たり、夜更かしや日光を浴びる生活をしていてもトラブルが少なかったのは、このターンオーバーサイクルのおかげ。
年齢とともにサイクルが長くなることで、お肌の汚れやダメージが残って蓄積されるために、取り返しのつかないトラブルへと発展するのです。
『正しい洗顔』とは、ただ汚れを落とすのではなく年齢とともに衰えるサイクルをも整える役割を担うのです。
ですから、ゴワゴワ古い角質がたまった肌に化粧水や美容液など、色んなものをつけても肌トラブルは改善しません。
そこで【ターンオーバーを正常に戻すたった一つの方法】があるんです。
それが、ヴァーナルの２つの石鹸が可能にした肌代謝メカニズムに働きかける
” ４ステップスキンケ ア ”
です。
ステップ１．アンクソープ（超吸着泡で毛穴の底から根こそぎ汚れ落とし）
ステップ２．センシティブザイフ（キメを整え、肌のざらつきを除去）
ステップ３．エッセンシャルシャワー（角質細胞活性化）
ステップ４．キハナクリーミーセラム（バリア機能強化）
この４ステップを実現したヴァーナルのお試しキャンペーンセットが、次に紹介する『素肌つるつるセット』です。
「 素肌つるつるセット」の特 徴
ＶＥＲＮＡＬ （ヴァーナル）の素肌つるつるセットは肌の汚れを優しく落とし、肌本来の美しさを引き出す４ステップケアが特徴的な商品となっています。
１.【アンクソープ】 もっちり泡の石鹸でしっかりクレンジング！
不純物を強力に吸着する麦飯石（ばくはんせき）が含まれているので高い洗浄力があります。
そのためメイクの汚れや古い角質、 皮脂の汚れまでスッキリ落としてくれます。
２. 【センシティブザイフ】ぷるぷる泡の石鹸で仕上げ洗い！
キメの細かい柔らかな泡でまっさらな素肌へと仕上げます。
この石鹸には１６種類の保湿成分も含まれているので、この段階で潤いがあります。
３. 【エッセンシャルシャワー】微粒子スプレーで潤いチャージ！
洗顔であれ化粧水を塗るであれ、肌をこすることは肌へのダメージになってしまいます。
そこでヴァーナルではスプレーで潤すことに着目しました！
微粒子ミストだから肌の奥（角質層）までしっかり潤してくれます！
４. 【キハナクリーミーセラム】最後に美容液クリームでお肌を保護！
洗顔でキレイになり潤った肌に、さらに潤いを与えることでお肌を保護します。
お肌の常在菌バランスも保ってくれるので、肌トラブルを遠ざけます！
何 故 「素肌つるつるセット」が必要なのか？
年齢を重ねるにつれて肌のターンオーバー（新陳代謝）のサイクルが乱れてしまい、化粧のりが悪くなったり、ハリ・ツヤがなくなっていきます。
そして、それは年齢だけのせいではなく、間違った洗顔をしていることも関係してきます。
そこでヴァーナルの 「素肌つるつるセット」は正しい洗顔方法にそって丁寧なケアをすることができるので、若々しい肌を求める女性に大人気です。
若々しい肌を取り戻すためには正しい洗顔が必要です。
ヴァーナルは丁寧なケアを実施するのがポイントなので、洗浄力や肌への優しさが違います。
間違った洗顔は肌にダメージとなり、トラブルの原因になってしまいます。
ヴァーナルで、正しい洗顔方法を身に付けて頂きたいと思います
【ヴァーナル】素肌つるつるセットの効果
素肌つるつるセットには、クレンジング石鹸、洗顔石鹸、化粧水、クリームが入っています。落とす、整える、潤す、保つの4ステップで肌をきれいにし、使用した97%の方が「お肌の状態がいい」と回答しています。
素肌つるつるセットの４つ商品には、合計２６種類の天然保湿・美容成分が含まれています。
肌の汚れを落としたり、保湿効果を高めて乾燥を防いだりと、どれも高い効果を発揮します。
また、肌に優しい成分しか使っていないのが特徴です。
ヴァーナルの洗顔石鹸を使用すると、子供のようなきめ細かい肌になります。
素肌つるつるセットの洗顔石鹸は非常にきめ細かい泡が作れるので、今まで洗えなかった汚れも除去でき、どんどんつるんとした肌に変化します。
また、ターンオーバーといって、肌の細胞が生まれ、表面にだんだんと上がってきて、最後に垢となって剥がれ落ち、また新しい細胞が生まれるサイクルがありますが、このターンオーバーの周期は２８日間で、幼少期はきっちりその通りに生まれ変わりますが、年齢を重ねると古い角質がだんだん肌にとどまるようになり、顔をごしごし洗ったりするとサイクルが早まり肌がダメージを受けます。
しかし 「素肌つるつるセット」の石鹸を使用すると、ターンオーバーが正常なサイクルに戻ります。
また、 「素肌つるつるセット」にある冊子には一番大事な洗顔方法がきちんと載っているので、肌にダメージを与えない洗顔方法が分かります。
○アンクソープの全成分
グリチルリチン酸ジカリウム、石けん用素地、ヒドロキシエタンジホスホン酸四ナトリウム液、エデト酸四ナトリウム四水塩、アロエエキス、カモミラエキス、ドクダミエキス、黒砂糖、植物性スクワラン、ホホバ油、カンゾウ末、dl−α−トコフェロール、グリセリン、1，3−ブチレングリコール、ケイ酸・ケイ酸アルミニウム焼成物、タルク、ヤシ油脂肪酸アミドプロピルベタイン、ポリエチレングリコール4000、エデト酸四ナトリウム二水塩、香料、黄酸化鉄、黒酸化鉄、グンジョウ、ベンガラ
アロエエキス・カモミラエキス・ドクダミエキス・黒砂糖・植物性スクワラン・ホホバ油など、抗炎症作用に保湿効果のある成分が配合されています。
○センシティブザイフの全成分
石ケン素地、水、ソルビトール、ハチミツ、ブドウ種子油、シア脂、アボカド油、オクチルドデカノール、カミツレエキス、セイヨウキズタエキス、スギナエキス、グルコース、ビサボロール、ヒアルロン酸Na、加水分解コラーゲン、グリチルリチン酸2K、トコフェロール、グリセリン、BG、塩化Na、EDTA-4Na、エチドロン酸4Na、香料、カラメル、酸化チタン
これらの成分は、保水力にも優れ、古い角質を落とす力があります。
また高い抗酸化作用があり、肌の透明感をアップする効果もあります。ポリフェノールが豊富でアンチエイジング対策にもってこいの成分が配合されています。
その他にも抗炎症作用、収れん作用、抗菌作用があり、脂性肌やニキビ肌には非常に良い成分で、肌荒れ防止効果に使われています。
保湿作用にも優れ、洗いあがりで肌のツッパリ感を予防します。
○エッセンシャルシャワーの全成分
水、加水分解水添デンプン、グリセリン、ヒアルロン酸Na、加水分解コラーゲン、セラミド３、ヒドロキシステアリン酸コレステリル、ラウロイルグルタミン酸ジ
（フィトステリル／オクチルドデシル）、
コレステロール、水添レシチン、セイヨウシロヤナギ樹皮エキス、オタネニンジンエキス、カミツレ花エキス、マグワ根皮エキス、ＰＣＡ−Ｎａ、ＰＣＡ、アルギニン、アスパラギン酸、グリシン、
アラニン、セリン、バリン、プロリン、トレオニン、イソロイシン、ヒスチジン、フェニルアラニン、海塩、スクロース、オレイン酸ポリグリセリル−５、ラウリン酸ポリグリセリル−１０、 乳酸Ｎａ、クエン酸、クエン酸Ｎａ、銀
正常なターンオーバーを促してくれるのは、セイヨウシロヤナギ樹皮エキスが配合されているためです。
サリシンという成分が角質をゆっくりと除去し、肌を傷つけることなく不要な部分だけを捨て去ってくれます。
この効果で透明感を出すことができます。
まあ、肌の新陳代謝促進・細胞の活性化・血行促進・線維芽細胞増殖・組織再生・抗酸化・保湿などを保つ成分が非常に多く配合されています。肌の老化をくい止める「アンチエイジング」として効果が期待できます。
また、美白、抗炎症・UV防御作用・抗菌・抗炎症作用などがある成分が配合されています。
○キハナクリーミーセラムの全成分
水、シラカンバ樹液、ＢＧ、水添ポリデセン、ハチミツ、ミリスチン酸イソステアリル、ベヘニルアルコール、ステアリン酸グリセリル（ＳＥ）、ペンチレングリコール、
ヘキサヒドロキシステアリン酸ジペンタエリスリチル、ホホバ種子油、イソステアリン酸ＰＥＧ-２５グリセリル、ジメチコン、ポリアクリルアミド、（C13，14）イソパラフィン、
１，２-ヘキサンジオール、カプリリルグリコール、カルボマー、ラウレス-７、セージ油、ヒドロキシエチルセルロース、水酸化Ｋ、カラスムギ穀粒エキス、ゼニアオイ花エキス、
マルトシルシクロデキストリン、イリス根エキス、シクロデキストリン、マルトース、シラカンバ葉エキス、ブドウ葉／皮／種子エキス、レスベラトロール、加水分解酵母エキス、ヒトオリゴペプチド-１、フェノキシエタノール
ホホバ種子油は、非常に高い保湿効果を持っています。乾燥を防ぎ小じわや赤みなどのない肌にしてくれます。
殺菌作用もあるのでニキビに悩んでいたり湿疹が出ている人でも、菌に栄養を与えず死滅させることができるんです。
ヴァーナル（素肌つるつるセット）の評判と口コミを調べてみた！
２５ 才
初めて使った日は今までにないツルツル感に、一人でおぉ??！と感動しました。
私は洗顔後のケアがとても面倒だなと感じるタイプなので、ミスト型の化粧水がとても気に入りました！
細かいミストが肌の中まで浸透するようで、とても気持ちが良いです。
クリームは今ままで使っていたものよりもかなり濃厚で少しビックリしましたが、使ってみるとスッと伸び広がるので着け心地はさっぱりとしています。
現在使用を始めて1週間半ほど経ちましたが、朝水で洗顔する時もツルツルが継続していて効果を少しずつ実感しております。
全て使いきった時のお肌がとても楽しみです！
２３ 才
まず、アンクソープ、センシティブザイフを入浴時に使用しました。
石鹸タイプのクレンジングや洗顔は初めてだったのですが、良いですね！すっきりと汚れを落としてくれている感覚はあるもののつっぱる感じはなく、これいい！と思わせてくれるような商品でした。
その次に使わせていただいたエッセンシャルシャワーモイストは、ミストが入浴後の肌に入る感覚が心地よくて、しばらくシューとかけていたくなるような感じでした(笑)ふきつけて手でおさえるとどこまででも入っていきそうな感覚がしました！
最後に塗るキハナクリーミーセラムは、濡れてるお肌にという記述を見ておらず、つける前にあわてて、エッセンシャルシャワーモイストをもう一度肌にふきかけました(笑)つけてみると、肌がもちもちとした感じになり良い感じです。
３５ 才
肌本来の美しさを導き出す。
グリーンの石鹸は落とす。
白い石鹸は整える 。
ミスト化粧水で潤わ せ
クリームで蓋をします。
2度洗いで大丈夫？と心配になる私。
かなりの乾燥肌なのです。
使ってみるとなかなかないくらいキュッキュする感じに肌がツルツル。
ちょっとビックリしました。
ミスト化粧水は細かい粒子ですが肌への浸透のしやすさを感じました。
クリームはこってりといった感じでかなりの保湿感があるので2度洗いしてもきちんとケアできるセットとなっています。
やっぱりその日の汚れはその日のうちに落とすことが本当に大事になってきます。
なくなるまで使い続けることにより素肌に違いを感じられるセットです。
３６ 才
石鹸が2個あるのは前から不思議でしたが、使ってみて納得。
みどりっぽい色の方で、メイク汚れやら古い角質を取り除き、白いほうで、お肌のキメを整えて潤う感じです。
付属の泡だてネットをしようすると、モコモコ弾力のある泡が立ちます。
2つ使用して洗い流すと、本当にお肌がツルツル、すべすべになります。
2つの石鹸で洗顔するのにツッパリ感ゼロで逆にお肌がしっとりします。
エッセンシャルシャワーはミストがかなり細かく気持ちよく、お肌が柔らかくなる感じ。
キハナクリームセラムは、ベタつかずサラッとしていますが、お肌をしっかり潤してくれます。
このセットすごく良いです！！
２７ 才
ソープを２種使うのが大変かなと思いましたが、洗い上がりがつるつるで感激しました。
泡立てネットも、もっちり泡がたくさん作れて優秀です。
エッセンシャルシャワーは細かい霧状でまんべんなく肌につきました。
※ 口コミはあくまで個人の感想であり、効果効能を保証するものではありません。
こんな口コミ感想のあるヴァーナルのお試しセット『素肌つるつるセット』は公式サイトから注文するのが断然お得です♪
↓そんな、ヴァーナルの素肌つるつるセットの通販詳細はこちらをクリック↓
５０代のおすすめオールインワンゲルはココで決まり！|男が美肌になるにはこの方法！厳選メンズスキンケア３選はこちら|冷凍クレンジングバームの通販はこちら|エアコン クリーニング|
John Stossel ( who ’s leaving ABC to join the Fox Business Network ) gave a well - received talk at my university yesterday titled “ Freedom and Its Enemies . ”
Several times during the talk he referred to himself as a libertarian .
Sometimes the libertarian label seems like a liability for people who are both ( 1 ) serious about substantially reducing the scope of government , and ( 2 ) actually are in a position to have enough influence to do so .
At times there is little distinction , as far as public perception goes , between libertarians and libertines , who just want the government to quit harassing people who want to live non-traditional lifestyles .
So self - proclaimed libertarians get lumped in with the dope smokers and gay rights groups .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that ... but it can be a distraction from the broader goal of limiting the scope of government .
Sometimes libertarianism is associated with anarchism .
One question asked to Mr. Stossel after his talk addressed exactly that point .
This is another distraction .
Government is not going to be eliminated in my lifetime , or in my childrens ’ lifetimes , so arguing why government should be abolished is n’t going to do anything to make today ’s government smaller .
( It may make limited government advocates look more moderate , though ! )
Mr. Stossel answered that he ’s not an anarchist , but again , dealing with the issue is a distraction from the libertarian message he was trying to present .
And then , libertarians are often associated with Libertarians ; that is , members of the Libertarian Party .
All Libertarians would claim to be libertarians , but the reverse definitely is not true .
Many libertarians refuse to participate in politics on principle , and argue that Libertarians ca n’t be libertarians and participate in the political process as they are .
At the other end of the spectrum is the Republican Liberty Caucus ( RLC ) whose members claim to be libertarian Republicans .
A few RLC members I know who are converts from the Libertarian Party say they ’ve given up hope that the Libertarian Party can have any influence , and believe their best hope to actually implement a more limited government is to make the Republican Party more libertarian .
Lots of people have libertarian views .
They want lower taxes , less government spending , reduced regulation of commercial activity , and less government interference in their personal lives .
But the libertarian label seems to carry with it a lot of baggage .
If asked directly , I will tell people I am a libertarian , but ( with the obvious exception of this blog post ) I will never volunteer the information .
Why ?
My answer is in the paragraphs above .
With the Democrats now in charge of the White House and Congress , we are seeing a considerable backlash against their policies , including health care reform , energy policy and cap and trade , and the continuing addition of spending proposals to a budget that , even with their advocated tax increases , they forecast to be running trillion dollar deficits as far out as the forecasts go .
For those alarmed at what the Democrats are implementing , the alternative is offered by the Republicans .
In the court of public opinion , this alternative falls short because of the eight failed Bush - McCain years .
Whether that ’s a proper assessment of Bush ’s presidency can be debated ( though I think there is a strong argument to be made ) , but my point is , that ’s what President Obama campaigned on , and won .
So , in the court of popular opinion , the alternative is to replace the undesirable policies of the Democrats with the failed policies of the Republicans who controlled our government prior to the Democrats .
No wonder the Republican opposition can get so little traction .
There is another alternative lurking in the shadows .
There is a mass of people who do not support the obscene expansion of government proposed by the Democrats , but who did n’t support the earlier Republican agenda either .
There is a mass of people who want substantially smaller government in all areas of their lives .
They want lower taxes , they want government programs curtailed or eliminated , they want substantial spending reductions and a balanced budget , they want freer movement of people and goods across our borders , and they want the government to allow them the freedom to make personal choices for themselves , even if many of their fellow citizens judge that they are making poor choices .
Rather than opposing these government initiatives one at a time — health care , tax increases , energy policy , etc . — it might be more effective to put them all under the umbrella of a single term that describes the political inclinations of those who want smaller government .
One label that might work is “ libertarian . ”
I began by noting the baggage carried by the libertarian label , but one reason it carries this baggage is because it ’s not mainstream , and many people do n’t have a clear idea what the term means .
So , they associate it with anarchists , or libertines , or a fringe political party .
I like the fact that John Stossel describes his own political philosophy as libertarian , and when he becomes a regular on Fox Business Channel , he will be reaching tens of millions of viewers , many of whom think of themselves as Republicans because , well , they are against the Democrats , so that must make them Republicans .
Stossel is an excellent representative for libertarian ideas because he is thoughtful , sensible , and persuasive .
If he keeps using the term to describe his views , many of his viewers will discover that they , too , are libertarians .
Maybe that will push them toward the RLC , or maybe to the Libertarian Party .
But I hope more people will see that the alternative to Democrat is n’t just Republican , and that the libertarian alternative fits many people better .
I have a tendency to want to avoid simplistic labels , and I began by giving some reasons for avoiding the libertarian label .
But in political debate , sometimes a simple label that describes an underlying principle can help win the debate .
If the libertarian label becomes more recognized in mainstream politics , it can become a powerful tool .
It has become more recognized over the decades , and if people like John Stossel use it regularly , it will become more mainstream .
I would love to see the label become mainstream enough that a winning argument in a political debate could be , “ That violates the libertarian principles on which this country is founded . ”
( down ) Loading JavaScript as strings
The Gmail mobile team and Charles Jolley from SproutCore have recently published some interesting techniques for loading JavaScript in a deferred manner .
Anyone building performant web apps is familiar with the pain inflicted when loading JavaScript .
These new techniques are great patterns .
Let me expand on how they work and the context for using them .
FYI – Charles is presenting this technique at tomorrow ’s Velocity Online Conference .
Check that out if you ’re interested in finding out more and asking him questions .
When to defer JavaScript loading
I ’ve spent much of the last two years researching and evangelizing techniques for loading scripts without blocking .
These techniques address the situation where you need to load external scripts to render the initial page .
But not all JavaScript is necessary for loading the initial page .
Most Web 2.0 apps include JavaScript that ’s only used later in the session , depending on what the user clicks on ( dropdown menus , popup DIVs , Ajax actions , etc. ) .
In fact , the Alexa top ten only use 25 % of the downloaded JavaScript to load the initial page ( see Splitting the Initial Payload ) .
The performance optimization resulting from this observation is clear – defer the loading of JavaScript that ’s not part of initial page rendering .
But how ?
Deferred loading is certainly achievable using the non-blocking techniques I ’ve researched – but my techniques might not be the best choice for this yet - to - be-used JavaScript code .
Here ’s why : Suppose you have 300K of JavaScript that can be deferred ( it ’s not used to render the initial page ) .
When you load this script later using my techniques , the UI locks up while the browser parses and executes that 300 K of code .
We ’ve all experienced this in certain web apps .
After the web app initially loads , clicking on a link does n’t do anything .
In extreme situations , the browser ’s tab icon stops animating .
Not a great user experience .
If you ’re certain that code is going to be used , then so be it – parse and execute the code when it ’s downloaded using my techniques .
But in many situations , the user many never exercise all of this deferred code .
She might not click on any of the optional features , or she might only use a subset of them .
Is there a way to download this code in a deferred way , without locking up the browser UI ?
Deferred loading without locking up the UI
I recently blogged about a great optimization used in mobile Gmail for loading JavaScript in a deferred manner : Mobile Gmail and async script loading .
That team was acutely aware of how loading JavaScript in the background locked up mobile browsers .
The technique they came up with was to wrap the JavaScript in comments .
This allows the code to be downloaded , but avoids the CPU lockup for parsing and execution .
Later , when the user clicks on a feature that needs code , a cool dynamic technique is used to extract the code from the comments and eval it .
This technique has many benefits .
It gets the download delays out of the way , so the code is already in the client if and when the user needs it .
This technique avoids the CPU load for parsing and executing the code – this can be significant given the size of JavaScript payloads in today ’s web apps .
One downside of this technique results from cross -site scripting restrictions – the commented out code must be in the main page or in an iframe .
This is where Charles Jolley ( from the SproutCore team ) started his investigation .
He wanted a technique that was more flexible and worked across domains .
He presents his new technique ( along with results from experiments ) in two blog posts : Faster Loading Through Eval ( ) and Cut Your JavaScript Load Time 90 % with Deferred Evaluation .
This new technique is to capture the deferred JavaScript as strings which can be downloaded with negligible parsing time .
Later , when the user triggers a feature , the relevant code strings are eval ’ed .
His experiment includes three scenarios for loading jQuery :
Baseline – load jQuery like normal via script tag .
jQuery is parsed and executed immediately on load .
Closure – load jQuery in a closure but do n’t actually execute the closure until after the onload event fires .
This essentially means the jQuery code will be parsed but not executed until later .
String – load jQuery as a giant string .
After the onload event fires , eval ( ) the string to actually make jQuery ready for use .
The results are promising and somewhat surprising – in a good way .
( Note : results for IE are TBD . )
Charles reports two time measurements .
The load time ( blue ) is how long it takes for the onload event to fire .
No surprise – avoiding execution ( “ Closure ” ) results in a faster load time than normal script loading , and avoiding parsing and execution ( “ String ” ) allows the page to load even faster .
The interesting and promising stat is the setup time ( green ) – how long it takes for the deferred code to be fully parsed and executed .
The importance of this measurement is to see if using eval has penalties compared to the normal way of loading scripts .
It turns out that in WebKit , Firefox , and iPhone there is n’t a significant cost for doing eval .
Chrome is a different story and needs further investigation .
These techniques for deferred loading of JavaScript are great additions to have for optimizing web site performance .
The results for IE are still to come from Charles , and will be the most important for gauging the applicability of this technique .
Charles is presenting this technique at tomorrow ’s Velocity Online Conference .
I ’m hoping he ’ll have the IE results to give us the full picture on how this technique performs .
Have you ever thought that your penis is small ?
Answer :
When I am in bed with a woman , I often think she is not satisfied with me because of having a small penis .
After intercourse I ’m thinking .
What was supposed to be pleasant at first , finally fills me with doubts and in the end makes me so insecure that I do n’t have sex as often as I should .
In addition , I often avoid having sex in bright light .
Do you find it uncomfortable to be seen naked because your penis is small ?
Answer :
When I go to the gym for sports , I almost always wear sports clothes to avoid changing clothes and for other men to see that my penis is much smaller than theirs .
In summer it is a great inconvenience not to be able to shower quietly to avoid being naked .
Once when I wanted to take a shower , I put on a towel covering my underwear to go to the shower directly so they do n’t see my penis .
Do you have a complex about being with well - endowed men in locker rooms ?
Answer :
When I ’ve met other very gifted men on beaches or in changing rooms I ’ve felt a little self - conscious , although I think my penis is a normal size .
On those occasions , I envy the size of a big penis .
I feel admiration but also a little anger for not having a penis that size .
Have you ever thought that a couple of yours has been dissatisfied with you in sex ?
Answer :
It usually happens to me on first dates when I do n’t trust you .
It makes me insecure to have a small penis .
I think if I had a bigger penis this would not happen to me and I would go to the first dates with more confidence and we would enjoy both sex from the first moment .
Do you think any of your relationships have failed because you have a small penis ?
Answer : Obviously I think that if a woman has decided to end a relationship with me , it ’s because I did n’t satisfy her .
I think a woman satisfied with sex does n’t leave a relationship with a man .
What do you hope to achieve with penis enlargement ?
Answer : I hope to have a bigger penis , to have more confidence in myself , to be able to feel safe and to take the initiative in relationships as well as in sex .
I want to enlarge my penis by 4 centimetres and enlarge it .
I ca n’t wait to start treatment and start seeing the results to see how my sex life changes .
Are you more interested in having a longer or wider penis ?
Answer : I think having a longer penis at rest will give me a sense of security and pride if I ’m seen naked in the locker room or on a beach .
And when I ’m with a woman I think it will encourage her to play , experiment , have oral sex , it will lengthen the time of sex and she will enjoy it a lot .
I think it is also important that the penis is thicker because women enjoy intercourse more .
Do you think having a bigger penis will improve your sexual relations ?
Answer :
Without a doubt , having a large penis encourages play and relaxation .
Maybe I do n’t have to be making appointments with dinners or drinks , because I think sex can come more easily .
Surely sex can be more wild , as the desire grows in the woman , even sure that she is the one who takes the initiative .
How do you imagine your relationship with a bigger penis ?
Answer : I imagine that sexual relations will be more satisfying on both sides .
I think they ’ll be more stable , more morbid , with more games and more desire .
If you had lengthened your penis earlier , would you have related better to your partners ?
Answer : Yes .
There are experiences that have been a fiasco , because she was left unsatisfied , or at least I felt it because of having a small penis .
Sometimes I liked a girl very much and after the first sexual relationship there was no continuity .
I felt kind of rejected by her , and I really liked that girl .
Those situations mark you much later , you become insecure and less social .
If I had used Andropenis before , it would have saved me a lot of discomfort , and I suppose I would be more optimistic than I am now .
Would you have lengthened your penis sooner , if you knew the results you would get ?
Answer : I would have used it long before , I think even before I was 18 .
I do n’t know if the treatment can be done at that age or earlier , but I totally agree that I would have done it earlier .
After successful completion of treatment , would you recommend it to a friend ?
Answer :
Yes , I would recommend it to a trusted friend , because I think all men would like to have a bigger penis , whether you have a small penis or a normal penis size .
Wind Turbines based on Jet Engines 3 - 4 Times More Efficient & Coming to Market ? [ VIDEO ]
January 26th , 2010 by Zachary Shahan
FloDesign , an R&D start - up in the US that has created a wind turbine design based on jet engine technology , just secured $ 34.5 million to help begin commercial development of its turbines .
Lars Andersen , former president of Vestas China , has also just been appointed as the company ’s CEO .
[ social_buttons ]
FloDesign claims that its turbines are 3 - 4 times more efficient than traditional open - fan turbines .
They have several other beneficial features as well that help economically , environmentally , and in other ways .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/RagPPrHUMTY&hl=pl_PL&fs=1&]
.
Reportedly , FloDesign is “ aiming to transform itself from a research and development organisation into a mainstream renewables firm . ”
The company claims that its technology , “ which forces air through a small hole to create a pressure differential , ” has garnered the support of prominent venture investors because of its true potential and efficiency , according to Tom Young of BusinessGreen .
Major venture capital investor Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers led this funding round , and “ was joined by a syndicate of three new high - profile investors : a Goldman Sachs managed investment fund , Technology Partners and VantagePoint Venture Partners . ”
Additionally , the US Department of Energy ( DOE ) recently awarded FloDesign an $ 8.3 million grant .
The FloDesign wind turbines require much smaller blades and are much easier to manufacture and ship ( see video above ) .
Additionally , they can be placed much closer together than traditional wind turbines and they align themselves with the wind like a kite on a string .
These are a few of the technology ’s unique benefits .
Wind power has been the fastest growing source of energy ( renewable or otherwise ) recently , but if this technology is as good as FloDesign says , perhaps we will see a much bigger boom in the years to come .
Related Stories :
1 ) New Intelligent Wind Turbines “ See ” the Wind
2 ) Early DOE Funded Wind Start - Up Nordic Windpower Lands VC Funding
3 ) Sustainable Energy and the Return of the Fly( wheel )
4 ) Renewable Energy on the Rise , Fossil Fuels Declining
Image Credit : Johnny Vulkan via flickr under a CC license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
MuseLetter # 212 / January 2010 by Richard Heinberg
Download printable PDF version here ( PDF , 125 KB )
It was the pivotal international conference of the new century .
Tens of thousands showed up , including heads of state , officials at all levels of government , representatives of environmental organizations , and ordinary citizens from nearly 200 countries .
Scientists had warned that , without a strong agreement to reduce carbon emissions , the consequences for civilization and the world ’s ecosystems would be cataclysmic .
On the sidelines sat powerful forces ( including pro-growth business interests and fossil fuel companies ) that preferred a weak agreement or none at all .
Their strategic public relations efforts ( “ by far and away the biggest public relations campaign that I ’ve ever seen , ” according to PR veteran James Hoggan , cofounder of DeSmogBlog.com and author of Climate Cover - Up : The Crusade to Deny Global Warming ) paid off when , only days before the meeting , thousands of private emails between climate scientists were hacked and released to the public ; during the next few days , prominent right - wing commentators assured one and all that “ climategate ” completely undercut any scientific basis for thinking that human actions cause global warming .
While nothing in the emails did in fact call established climate science into question , the desired and actual effect of the exercise was to destabilize public support for a strong agreement in Copenhagen .
On the streets were tens of thousands of mostly young activists and NGO campaigners , and even a few scientists , who were prepared to raise hell if world leaders did n’t act boldly to reduce carbon emissions .
So , on the whole , heads of state still felt obliged to come up with some results — but nothing too radical .
U.S. President Barack Obama ’s role in the proceedings seems to have been pivotal .
He jetted in on the final day of negotiations and gave a tepid speech stating his country ’s modest bargaining position .
This was greeted coolly ( some accounts mention choruses of boos ) .
Then , later in the day , he apparently burst in on a meeting including heads of state or high - level negotiators from China , India , Brazil , and South Africa , insisting that an agreement be reached ( up to this point , according to most accounts , the Chinese had been obstructing any deal ) .
Obama managed to persuade the other leaders to sign onto a three - page , non-binding Accord , which , at a midnight press conference , he presented to the other 189 nations attending the conference for their acceptance ( no changes to the text were to be permitted ) .
The full text of the document can be found at [ UNFCC Framework Convention on Climate Change ] .
Environmental activists and representatives of poor nations most vulnerable to rising sea levels or desertification were unhappy with these results .
Bill McKibben of the organization 350.org called it “ an end far worse than most [ climate activists ] had imagined . ”
Ian Fry of the drowning island nation of Tuvalu likened it to “ being offered 30 pieces of silver to betray our people and our future . ”
Kumi Naidoo , the head of Greenpeace International , called Copenhagen simply “ a crime scene . ”
On the other hand , U.N. secretary - general Ban Ki-moon told a press conference that he welcomed the Accord as “ an important beginning , ” and Sierra Club executive director Carl Pope released a statement calling it “ an historic , if incomplete , agreement . ”
What was agreed — and what was n’t
The main points of the Copenhagen Accord are easy to summarize :
Industrial countries must list their individual emissions reductions targets , and less - industrialized countries must list the actions they will take to cut emissions by specific amounts .
All countries must accept a transparent system for monitoring their emissions .
Poor countries will be paid to prevent deforestation .
Wealthy nations will establish a fund ( growing from 30 billion dollars per year to $ 100 billion per year by 2020 ) to help poor and vulnerable nations adapt to climate change .
Signatory nations accept a goal of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius by 2050 .
The Accord creates a Technology Mechanism to accelerate development of low - carbon technology , but supplies no details .
It is important to emphasize that this is not a binding legal or political agreement .
The Accord is not a U.N. - sanctioned document , though the U.N. has officially moved to “ take note ” of it , which essentially means it may be considered in future climate gatherings as the framework for a legally binding agreement .
The U.S. delegation made it clear that the U.N. cannot modify the Accord .
While it was negotiated effectively in secret by five countries , many other nations have now signed on to it , and the signing countries together account for over 80 percent of total global emissions .
Some countries , including the island nation of Tuvalu , have strongly repudiated the document .
Criticisms of the Accord ’s substance ( leaving aside complaints about the exclusion of most nations from negotiations , its abandonment of the U.N. framework , and so on ) include the following :
The limit of 2 degrees C is too high .
A limit of 1.5 degrees was already supported by over 100 countries and is necessary to avert catastrophic climate impacts .
.
A limit of 1.5 degrees was already supported by over 100 countries and is necessary to avert catastrophic climate impacts .
The Accord offers no cap for CO2 concentrations .
The scientific consensus a few years ago was that an atmospheric CO2 level of 450 parts per million would translate to a temperature increase of 2 degrees over pre-industrial levels .
But that conclusion has been called into question due to the likelihood of feedbacks ( e.g. , as arctic ice melts , it reflects less sunlight back into space , causing even more global warming ) .
This is one of the reasons most scientists now support a 350 ppm cap on atmospheric CO2 .
By setting a limit of 2 degrees temperature increase without specifying a CO2 cap , the Accord may implicitly be adhering to the older scientific consensus , which would mean a 45o ppm cap and 3 degrees or more of real temperature increase .
Any scientific assessment of temperature and CO2 targets is delayed until 2015 .
.
The scientific consensus a few years ago was that an atmospheric CO2 level of 450 parts per million would translate to a temperature increase of 2 degrees over pre-industrial levels .
But that conclusion has been called into question due to the likelihood of feedbacks ( e.g. , as arctic ice melts , it reflects less sunlight back into space , causing even more global warming ) .
This is one of the reasons most scientists now support a 350 ppm cap on atmospheric CO2 .
By setting a limit of 2 degrees temperature increase without specifying a CO2 cap , the Accord may implicitly be adhering to the older scientific consensus , which would mean a 45o ppm cap and 3 degrees or more of real temperature increase .
Any scientific assessment of temperature and CO2 targets is delayed until 2015 .
There is no target date for peaking of emissions mentioned in the Accord , just a vague suggestion that emissions should “ peak as soon as possible . ”
mentioned in the Accord , just a vague suggestion that emissions should “ peak as soon as possible . ”
There are no global emissions targets for 2020 or 2050 .
Instead , the Accord merely proposes listing the voluntary targets of developed and developing countries .
Based on current assessments of country promises , these 2020 targets will put the world on a track toward 3.5 to 4 degrees of warming .
targets for 2020 or 2050 .
Instead , the Accord merely proposes listing the voluntary targets of developed and developing countries .
Based on current assessments of country promises , these 2020 targets will put the world on a track toward 3.5 to 4 degrees of warming .
The Accord makes general statements about need for adaptation and an end to deforestation , but there is no concrete deal on reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation ( although this may be a relatively good thing , as the negotiations were veering toward offset loopholes ) .
( although this may be a relatively good thing , as the negotiations were veering toward offset loopholes ) .
The promised finances for poor nations are too small .
For example , African countries had sought $ 400 billion in short - term financing for climate change adaptation , with an immediate amount of $ 150 billion needed .
In the longer term they say 5 percent of the industrial world ’s GDP is needed ( about $ 2 trillion ) .
Not only were much smaller amounts offered , but U.S. negotiators including Hillary Clinton implied that poor nations needed to “ associate ” themselves with the Accord in order to be eligible for funds .
On the bright side : the Clean Development Mechanism negotiated in Copenhagen seems to have excluded carbon capture and storage , thus reducing the incentive for wasting money on this dead - end technology .
Expect pushback from the coal industry on that .
Why agreeing was hard ( and will continue to be )
The battle to rescue the planet from climate calamity has been waged uphill from the start .
That ’s essentially because we humans tend to discount future events , whether they ’re perceived favorably or unfavorably : immediate profits are worth more to companies than similar profits ten years hence ; similarly , the immediate cost of averting climate change looms large compared to the estimated cost of dealing with its consequences decades from now .
This attitude was exemplified , for example , in the comment of U.S. House of Representatives member Joe Barton , who told Reuters on the sidelines of the Copenhagen conference , “ We ’re not going to let jobs be destroyed in America for some esoteric environmental benefit 100 years from now . ”
But there ’s more to it than that .
Over the past couple of centuries economic growth has been closely tied to increased burning of fossil fuels .
And economic growth has become the universal measure of national well - being .
Thus when talking to politicians , climate scientists often try to gain traction by describing the impact of future CO2 emissions in terms of the cost to future economic growth .
Their hope is that this future cost will be high enough to justify the immediate economic sacrifice that would result from phasing out the use of fossil fuels .
This is a tough argument to win , though it plays differently according to the audience : relative receptivity depends on who will be impacted most by climate change and who will bear the highest immediate costs during the energy transition .
( Sometimes environmentalists go so far as to suggest that the transition from fossil fuels to “ green ” energy sources will result in enormous economic growth ; however , this ignores the very real economic benefits of cheap fossil fuels and the problems with most of the renewable alternatives , as outlined for example in the report “ Searching for a Miracle ” .
And so , at the climate talks in Copenhagen , bargaining positions closely reflected countries ’ relative vulnerability to long - range environmental impacts versus short - range economic costs for adaptation .
As mentioned , China evidently obstructed any agreement from the start .
No doubt this was largely due to the fact that this nation is the world ’s top greenhouse gas emitter , uses over twice as much coal as the next country in line ( the U.S. ) , and requires at least 8 percent economic growth per annum to stave off domestic political unrest .
While China is quickly becoming the world leader in renewable energy technologies , it has no realistic prospect of phasing out coal without giving up its high GDP growth rates .
China produces half the world ’s cement and 40 percent of its iron and steel ; over the next 15 years , it plans to urbanize a number of its people about equal to the total population of North America — a continent that took more than a century to accomplish a similar - sized task .
That means more cement , steel , appliances , power plants , and all the other energy - guzzling accouterments of urban existence .
Mark Lynas , an environmental writer who was present at the final Friday night negotiations at Copenhagen , summarized the situation this way : “ China knows it is becoming an uncontested superpower ; indeed its newfound muscular confidence was on striking display in Copenhagen .
Its coal - based economy doubles every decade , and its power increases commensurately .
Its leadership will not alter this magic formula unless they absolutely have to . ”
[ How do I know China wrecked the Copenhagen deal ?
I was in the room ] .
In effect , by subverting a strong , binding climate agreement while directing blame for failure toward western nations , China is playing brilliant climate politics — with deadly consequences for all .
India ’s economy is also highly coal dependent , also growing rapidly , also on a trajectory of rapid urbanization .
And so it should come as no surprise that this country largely echoed China ’s position .
There are many who correctly point out that wealthy western industrial nations are responsible for the vast bulk of historic greenhouse gas emissions , and who then go on to conclude that future climate policy must therefore center on achieving economic justice by requiring rich nations to reduce fossil fuel consumption much faster than poor ones while financing climate change mitigation and adaptation in those less - industrialized countries .
If China and India have now grown big enough to bully their way around international negotiations , we should applaud them , say climate justice activists , because this means the already - rich countries are no longer in the driver ’s seat .
Those who hold this view tend to blame western nations ( especially the U.S. ) for lack of progress in the Copenhagen talks .
The problem with this framing is that it does n’t take account of the reality that China and India have little real interest in forging a strong , binding climate accord , and without them there can be no global agreement .
There ’s plenty of blame to go around for slow progress on climate policy , but the bottom line is this : once we ’re done fairly apportioning that blame , is there still a viable path toward an agreement ?
Not if Russia gets a veto .
This nation played a less visible role in wrecking the Copenhagen process , but that may be because it allowed China to play the spoiler on its behalf .
Russia is the world ’s top oil producer , the world ’s biggest gas exporter , has the world ’s second - largest coal reserves , and can claim hardly even a token renewable energy sector .
Some fossil fuel exporting nations are rich ( think Australia or Kuwait ) but most are poor ( think Nigeria or Angola ) .
Prior to Copenhagen , OPEC floated the proposal that fossil fuel importers should pay exporters for the oil , coal , or gas that the latter keep in the ground to avoid greenhouse gas emissions .
It ’s a nice idea , in the same way that that it ’s nice to imagine money trees or horns of plenty .
But in the real world nations grow their economies by using energy to produce goods and services , not by paying for energy they ’ll never use .
Among the fossil fuel exporters , Venezuela was most vocal in promoting strong climate policy in Denmark : the politics and personality of that nation ’s president , Hugo Chavez , in this instance evidently led to a bargaining position contrary to what would be expected based on his country ’s economic interests .
Or maybe Chavez was the originator of that OPEC policy proposal — which , by ensuring that his county ’s oil was paid for even if it is n’t burned , would obviate almost all the economic sacrifice implied by strong climate policy .
Anyway , Venezuela ’s oil production is generally declining , a situation this nation holds in common with Britain — which also favored a strong global climate agreement .
The European countries ( with the exception of Norway ) are fossil fuel importers , which means they are more or less forced to plan for a future of ever more expensive fossil fuels .
For them , a climate agreement that would phase out fossil fuels globally is not as scary as it is for those that make money from fuel exports .
Small island nations and very poor countries with few indigenous fossil fuel resources were of course the countries most in favor of a strong climate agreement .
They have the least to lose from increased prices for fuels they hardly use anyway , the most to lose from climate change , and the most to gain when wealthy nations establish a climate adaptation fund .
That leaves the U.S. , the biggest per capita carbon emitter ( well , almost — Australia and a couple of OPEC members actually rank higher ) , but also the world ’s top fossil fuel importer .
With its domestic oil production long in decline but its oil and coal companies still powerfully wielding domestic political influence , the U.S. is deeply conflicted .
This ambivalence is reflected in domestic climate politics and was also on display in President Obama ’s efforts at Copenhagen .
The nations that negotiated the Accord included the world ’s first and second foremost coal burners ( China and the U.S. ) ; the country home to the world ’s largest coal company ( India ) ; a prominent coal exporter ( South Africa ) ; and what will probably prove to be the last nation to have luck finding large amounts of oil ( Brazil ) .
It should be noted that Brazil , which is also a major biofuels producer , has just ( as of December 28 ) announced that it has unilaterally made its ambitious 2020 emissions reduction targets legally binding .
Nevertheless , with the rest of this cast of characters at the table , it should have surprised no one when the Accord turned out to be non-binding and weak .
Further , the Accord ’s implementation could turn out to be a joke .
The document says nothing about how voluntary targets are to be achieved — whether through carbon taxes , cap - and - trade , or other mechanisms .
And , as climate scientist James Hansen has pointed out tirelessly during the past few months , cap - and - trade programs , unless set up and managed flawlessly , can easily be “ gamed ” by fossil fuel producers by buying phony offsets while continuing to increase total emissions .
If all of this sounds shamefully self - interested and corrupt , just put yourself in the shoes of a high - level politician .
No would - be leader who fails to promise economic growth is taken seriously to begin with , so the only politicians we have are ones committed to producing growth .
Those who succeed at this are rewarded ; those who fail are sidelined and forgotten .
Should we ever seriously have expected a much different outcome from Copenhagen ?
What nobody talked about
Normally we humans like to focus on one problem at a time .
It ’s how our brains are wired , and it ’s how the political process is set up to function .
But reality is not always so simple and clear - cut .
Climate change is just one of several enormous interrelated dilemmas that will sink civilization unless all are somehow addressed .
These include at least five long - range problems :
topsoil loss ( 25 billion tons per year ) ,
worsening fresh water scarcity ,
the death of the oceans ( currently forecast for around 2050 based on current trends ) ,
overpopulation and continued population growth , and
the accelerating , catastrophic loss of biodiversity .
As events are unfolding now , these problems , together with climate change , will combine over the next few years or decades to trigger a food crisis of a scale and intensity that will dwarf to insignificance any famine in human history .
To make matters even more grim , there are two near - term dilemmas that may make climate change and these other problems much harder to address : peak oil and economic collapse .
Some of my friends who were on the streets of Copenhagen in early December assure me that most activists and concerned citizens they talked to there knew about peak oil .
But the media offered no clue that the officials negotiating in the Bella Center ever mentioned fossil fuel supply limits .
For many years the default assumption in all climate negotiations has been that the world has enough conventional fossil fuels to enable it to continue increasing oil , coal , and gas consumption ( and hence carbon emissions ) up until at least the end of this century .
In fact , global oil production has probably already entered its terminal decline and coal and gas extraction will likewise do so in about 15 years — which means that the world may have seen its all - time peak of total energy production from fossil fuels during the years 2005 to 2008 .
Earth probably has enough economically extractable conventional fossil fuels to raise atmospheric CO2 levels to about 470 ppm—high enough to trigger human and environmental catastrophe ( remember , the “ safe ” level is 350 ppm ) , but not nearly as high as the projections commonly mentioned in U.N. climate literature .
( The potential amount of carbon emissions from unconventional fossil fuels , such as tar sands and oil shale , is immense , but actual production of those fuels is likely to be constrained by a variety of economic factors , as discussed in “ Searching for a Miracle ” . )
Because petroleum has been the driver of most economic expansion during the past few decades and there is no ready substitute for it , peak oil basically means the end of economic growth as we have known it .
And without economic growth , our entire financial system comes apart .
Indeed , that ’s exactly what we ’ve been seeing over the past 18 months in the failure of trillions of dollars ’ worth of bets on future economic expansion .
( For a discussion of the role of peak oil in the financial crisis , see “ Temporary Recession or the End of Growth ? ” .
No politician can ignore the worldwide economic crisis , yet its significance for the climate talks is rarely discussed .
Now that people can’t afford to drive as much , or even heat their homes in many cases , global carbon emissions have declined during the past year .
That means that if the economy is in only a temporary state of “ recovery ” and resumes its swoon ( as many financial analysts anticipate ) , and if global oil production has indeed peaked , then global carbon emissions have probably already peaked too .
In which case , the world has achieved its first major goal in mitigating climate catastrophe .
Economic crisis makes climate change much harder to solve in the way everyone wants to see — i.e. , with lots of green - tech growth .
But it makes almost inevitable a “ solution ” that nobody wants : dramatic economic contraction leading to sharply declining energy demand .
This is similar to famine “ solving ” overpopulation .
Responsible officials can discuss none of this in public lest investors lose their nerve and head for the exits .
But a conversation that excludes such essential realities is delusional .
How might that pivotal Friday night negotiation in the Bella Center have gone if it had been grounded in reality ?
President Obama might have said something like this : “ Colleagues , global oil production has peaked and we have witnessed the resulting carnage in the global economy .
We have likely seen the last of economic growth , in an overall sense .
We are in an entirely new era .
Adopting strict carbon emissions caps will help us end our dependence on fossil fuels — which we must do both to mitigate climate change and also to reduce the economic impacts of fuel scarcity .
While giving up fossil fuels means reducing opportunities for growth , continuing to use them is no longer an option .
We must adapt to this new reality . ”
The Chinese delegate would have objected : “ But our nation needs to continue using coal in ever - increasing amounts .
If we do n’t continue to grow our economy at 8 percent annually , the people will revolt .
We ’re doing all we can to develop renewable energy , but only coal can give us the growth we need . ”
To which Obama might have replied : “ Your coal production will be peaking during the next few years anyway , and you wo n’t be able to import enough from Australia and Indonesia to maintain growth in total energy production .
Your economy is about to stall in any case — it is heavily dependent on exports , and Americans just are n’t going to be buying a lot more Chinese goods .
Your only hope , as ours , is to build renewable energy infrastructure at top speed , provide as much of a basic safety net for citizens as we can , try to enlist them in the overall energy transition , and hope for the best .
Meanwhile , a strong climate agreement can at least help us change direction toward reducing our reliance on fossil fuels , and we are obligated to produce such an agreement anyway for the sake of the planet and future generations .
Let ’s get this done . ”
But that ’s evidently not what transpired .
Instead , all accounts suggest the negotiations amounted to a theatrical set piece in which each player stayed rigidly on script .
If governments are having a difficult time addressing climate change in any serious fashion , they ’re not doing much better with regard to any of the other problems mentioned .
Key nations are going about “ solving ” their financial crises by shoveling money by the billions and trillions at bankers who were largely responsible for creating the mess to begin with .
Peak oil is regarded by heads of state as a subject unworthy of mention .
The crisis of fresh water scarcity is being dealt with by pumping ancient aquifers until they ’re dry .
Topsoil erosion has slowed in a few places , but overall continues at a staggering pace .
These problems , which will shape our destiny over the next few years and decades , are for the most part discussed only by experts in relevant fields .
Meanwhile citizens are subjected to a steady stream of “ infotainment ” and political rhetoric utterly divorced from crumbling physical reality .
This is easy to illustrate with ludicrously disinforming statements from industry - backed climate - change deniers .
But responsible advocates of a strong climate policy are often nearly as soaked in delusion .
Here ’s just one example .
Professor Mark Maslin , Director of the Environment Institute at University College London , was recently quoted as saying : “ The science tells us that we must drastically cut the amount of carbon going into the atmosphere to avoid catastrophic climate change .
But we must also protect the moral and ethical right of countries to develop and achieve the same standard of living as we have in the west . ”
This is a completely unremarkable statement with which nearly everyone at the climate talks in Copenhagen would probably have agreed — at least publicly .
But think about it : what does this “ development ” consist of ?
The assumption is that poor countries can and should use more fossil fuels while rich ones wean themselves .
But there just are n’t enough fossil fuels available to enable that to happen .
Poor countries will never achieve “ the same standard of living as we have in the west . ”
Rather , in the decades ahead , as nonrenewable resources deplete , people in the west will involuntarily give up their material standard of living until their way of life is supported only by renewable resources and the recycling of non-renewables .
That means economic contraction , big time .
We have a very long downward ramp to negotiate until that sustainable baseline is achieved .
Economic justice or leveling is to some extent inevitable during the energy transition .
But it wo n’t consist of poor families in Senegal adopting the living standards of folks in Seattle or Stuttgart .
It will be a matter of industrialized countries seeing a huge increase in rates of absolute poverty .
In the meantime , countries of the global north could do a lot of good just by canceling the southern nations ’ debts and by ceasing to enforce trade rules that continue to transfer wealth mostly from poor countries to rich .
Moreover , if our goal is to achieve global equity , there is one other thing that actually might make a significant difference : that is the shifting of wealth and income away from truly rich individuals — from bankers , CEOs , and hedge fund managers — and from the global weapons industry .
The money could be used to fund public programs for food , shelter , and medical care in the industrialized nations as these careen into economic depression , and to bankroll Asia , Central and South America , and Africa , not in “ development ” as conventionally conceived ( meaning urbanization ) , but in adopting simple , cheap technologies to avoid burning wood , charcoal , and dung for cooking and home heating ; in helping them replace slash - and - burn agriculture with small - scale ecological farming ; and in supporting them in scrapping and ( where possible ) replacing inefficient , polluting , hand - me - down diesel vehicles and factories .
None of these things would be easy to achieve , but they are all at least within the realm of the possible .
In summary , the discussions in Denmark took place in a conceptual fantasy world in which climate change is the only global crisis that matters much ; in which rapid economic growth is still an option ; in which fossil fuels are practically limitless ; in which a western middle class staring at the prospect of penury can be persuaded voluntarily to transfer a significant portion of its rapidly evaporating wealth to other nations ; in which subsistence farmers in poor nations should all aspire to become middle - class urbanites ; and in which the subject of human overpopulation can barely be mentioned .
Once again : it ’s no wonder more was n’t achieved in Copenhagen .
Where does that leave us ?
Copenhagen was a watershed event .
Climate change has become , in many people ’s minds , the central survival issue for our species , and the Copenhagen talks provided a pivotal moment for addressing that issue .
The fact that the talks failed to produce a binding agreement is therefore of some significance .
The next opportunity to forge a binding global climate treaty will be the 2010 U.N. climate conference in Mexico City .
Many see this as a chance to achieve what proved elusive in Copenhagen .
But the same challenges will face leaders there .
And if the global economy relapses in the meantime , national politicians may be even more reluctant to take bold action to limit fossil fuel consumption , as they ’ll want to keep all their economic options open .
Indeed , it seems likely that for the foreseeable future economic implosion will be sucking the air from any room in which heads of state are gathered .
So , international policies are needed if we are to deal with a potentially game - ending global issue like climate change , yet there is now convincing evidence that national and supra-national institutions are incapable of producing effective climate policies .
The same could be said for other crises mentioned above .
It ’s not enough that national governments ca n’t get together to solve climate change .
They ca n’t solve economic meltdown , peak oil , water scarcity , soil erosion , or overpopulation either .
Yes , there are individual nations like Tuvalu that can muster a decent policy on one issue or another .
Denmark is probably the shining example among industrial nations : it has reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by 14 percent since 1990 while maintaining constant energy consumption and growing its GDP by more than 40 percent .
But these are the rare exceptions , and apparently destined to stay that way .
We have no global means of dealing with the toxic debt that is strangling the world economy .
We have no agreements in place to prevent the death of the oceans .
There is no global policy to avert economic impacts from fossil fuel depletion .
There is no worldwide protocol to protect the precious layer of living topsoil that is all that separates us from famine .
There is no effective global convention on fresh water conservation .
This is not to say there is nothing that can be done about these problems .
In fact , there are organizations and communities in many nations doing path - breaking work to address each and every one of them .
Some examples :
Agronomists at the Land Institute in Salina , Kansas , led by Wes Jackson , have for years been patiently developing perennial grain crops capable of feeding billions without destroying topsoil .
The city of Zurich has decided through popular vote to become a 2000 - Watt society .
This means cutting energy consumption from the current 6000 Watts per person to one - third that amount over the next three or four decades .
This was evidently a response both to climate change and the problem of energy security .
Here in Sonoma County , California , a Go Local Co-op has formed ; it ’s an extension of the national organization , Business Alliance for a Living Local Economy ( BALLE ) .
One of its projects is “ Sustaining Capital ” — a community cooperative capital formation model that , if successful and replicated widely , could end local economies ’ dependence on Wall Street banks .
At Sunga in Madhyapur Thimi , Nepal , a community - supported project has built a water treatment plant based on reed - bed constructed wetlands that also serves as the main source of irrigation for farmers in the region .
These are just a few items out of hundreds , maybe thousands that could be cited .
But , in aggregate , are they enough ?
Obviously not — even in the estimation of the folks who are doing this admirable work .
Some problems are more easily tackled at the local level than others ( local efforts can help maintain biodiversity , but without international agreements it ’s not obvious how the oceans could be rescued ) .
And many local success stories actually depend on global systems of finance and provisioning ( for example , the Nepalese water treatment plant mentioned above was built with financial support from the United Nations Human Settlements Program , U.N. - Habitat ’s Water for Asian Cities Program , the Asian Development Bank , and Water Aid , and received technical support from the Environment and Public Health Organization ) .
Discouraging ?
Of course .
But absent global agreements , local efforts are what we ’ve got , and we will simply have to make the most of them that we can .
Meanwhile , given the amount of carbon emissions already in the atmosphere , climate impacts are in store no matter what happens at the U.N. negotiations in Mexico City .
Something similar could be said with regard to all the other problems mentioned : even if strong policies could somehow be forged tomorrow , serious challenges will arise in the years ahead with regard to water , food , energy , and the economy .
If such impacts are unquestionably coming , then we should be doing something to prepare .
Since we do n’t know exactly what the impacts will be , or when or where they will land , the most sensible strategy is simply to build resilience throughout the system .
Resilience implies dispersed control points and dispersed inventories , and hence regional self - sufficiency — the opposite of economic efficiency , the central rationale for globalization — and so it needs to be organized primarily at the local level .
To summarize : three factors — the need for resilience , the lack of effective policy at national and global levels , and the tendency of the best responses to emerge regionally and at a small scale — argue for dealing with the crushing crises of the new century locally , even though there is still undeniable need for larger - scale , global solutions .
Does this mean we should give up even trying to work at the national and global levels ?
Each person will have to make up her or his own mind on that one .
To my thinking , Copenhagen is something of a last straw .
I have no interest in trying to discourage anyone from undertaking national or global activism .
Indeed , there is a danger in taking attention away from national and international affairs : policy could get hijacked not just by parties even less competent than those currently in command , but by ones that are just plain evil .
Nevertheless , this writer is finally convinced that , with whatever energies for positive change may be available to us , we are likely to accomplish the most by working locally and on a small scale , while sharing information about successes and failures as widely as possible .
A final note :
As 2010 begins we are about to enter the second decade of the 21st century .
Historians often remark that the character of a new century does n’t make itself apparent until its second decade ( think World War I ) .
Perhaps peak oil , the global financial crash , and the failure of Copenhagen are the signal events that will propel us into the Century of Decline .
If these events are indeed indicative , it will be a century of economic contraction rather than growth ; a century less about warnings of environmental constraints and consequences than about the fulfillment of past warnings ; and a century of local action rather than grand global schemes .
I suspect that things are going to be noticeably different from now on .
Who would n’t buy a car from a “ pretty good dancer ” ?
It ’s a 10 .
Not quite “ It. Is. AWESOME . ” as taglines go .
Hit the jump to view the original classic .
Via Fake Steve
Pin Share Email 10 Shares
This article is by Fred at One Project Closer .
Fred ’s blog is home improvement focused , but he also enjoys personal finance from a Christian perspective .
I grew up with the benefit of Christian parents who made giving to God ’s work a top priority .
My mom regularly reminded my siblings and I that all the money on earth was God ’s anyway , and that we are called to give him His tithes and our offerings as a way for us to participate in His ministry .
To do otherwise — particularly with respect to tithing — would be to steal from Him .
Throughout high school and college I had a series of internships that paid between $ 8 - 15 / hour .
It was good money in my world .
Still supported by my parents , the money gave me the ability to buy A/V equipment and video games , and take relatively extravagant trips with friends .
While I occasionally threw some money into the offering plate at church , I did it more out of compulsion and guilt than any kind of joy .
My average contributions were probably 2 - 3 % of my paychecks .
As a result , I did n’t feel like I was meaningfully participating in God ’s work .
Instead , I felt like I was appeasing a God who might get angry with me for ‘ stealing ’ from him .
Perhaps
He ’d show mercy to me for my minimal effort ?
In the most extreme example of my sin , I remember making a deal with God .
I promised Him that when I came to church on Sunday , He could have whatever remained in my wallet after Friday and Saturday night .
That promise ultimately resulted in heavy spending on Saturdays and extra care when I got ready for church on Sunday morning .
I left any big bills on the dresser before heading out .
Pretty pathetic , eh ?
Looking To Scripture For Guidance
As Paul says in II Corinthians 9:6-7 :
Consider this : whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly , and whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully .
Each must do as already determined , without sadness or compulsion , for God loves a cheerful giver .
I was sowing sparingly … and reaping sparingly .
I had little joy from the work that was accomplished with the funds I was giving .
Why ?
I was n’t giving what I was called to give .
I was giving out of compulsion .
I was n’t necessarily cheerful about it , and I was n’t vested in God ’s work .
As the end of college approached , I accepted a job offer with a large contracting company as a software engineer .
God blessed me with a salary beyond my expectations , and I knew it was time to make a change .
The words Paul writes , “ each must do as already determined ” really strike me .
The verse implies that we should pre-determine our giving .
I think of it as giving according to a plan .
All of my prior , rather sparse giving decisions had been spur of the moment , under compulsion .
They were not in the least bit coordinated , planned or really determined at all .
I decided it was critical to make a change and to put together a plan .
Here ’s what I did and I think it can work for others in my situation :
I set up budgeting software .
As paychecks came in , I consistently paid God first ( by reserving tithe funds in the software , even before I wrote the check to my church ) .
I added all of my credit cards and bank accounts to the software so I could see a complete picture of my non-invested financial position .
I downloaded credit card information about every 3 - 5 days .
Sometimes I logged receipts even before I could sync up the credit cards online .
I started to live my financial life by the balance reported in the software , rather than the balance reported in my checking account .
This was perhaps the biggest change … because there was often a 10 - 12 day delay between when I got paid and when checks cleared the bank .
Also , it helped me to avoid overspending on credit cards , since I was constantly aware of how much I had swiped .
These three changes had a profound effect on my life .
Not only did I get my financial ship in order , I was able to approach giving systematically .
The result of that systematic approach was a guilt - free giving experience .
When the pastor gave a ‘ money sermon ’ on Sunday , I knew that I was giving what God had called me to give cheerfully .
It was a number I had “ already determined . ”
Turbo Charging Our Giving
A few years later — about two years after I got married , my wife and I decided to change our giving plan again .
We had been setting God ’s tithe aside out of each paycheck , but still had been giving offerings sparingly .
Sometimes we ’d carve out $ 100 for a missionary or to support a noble cause , but we were n’t regularly giving anything beyond our tithe .
So the next time I got a raise at work , we decided that the year ’s raise would go entirely to a new offering / giving budget .
We would set the money aside at every paycheck , but we ’d give the money out only when needs arose in the church or community .
It ’s been 5 years since we started this practice , and the results have been truly awesome .
Each year we increase our tithe and offering budgets and are able to give more and more to God ’s work !
We take incredible joy in being able to say “ yes ” to so many requests because we ’re setting the money aside early .
To keep us from being tempted to keep the money for ourselves , we make sure to give everything from our offering budget by the end of each calendar year .
This has the unintentional side - effect of helping non-profit organizations get that extra boost they all want at the end of the year .
By giving our offerings systematically , we ’ve had even more joy !
Now , when missionaries or organizations contact us , the questions are three :
Do we believe it what they ’re doing ?
Do we have the money in our offering budget ?
Does
God want us to support this cause ?
Notably absent from this list are questions like : Can we afford it ?
Would we rather spend the money on ourselves ?
Not needing to ask those questions makes our giving far more joyful and rewarding .
I believe it ’s the essence of what Paul had in mind in those verses from II Corinthians .
This comic is about the power of the human will .
—
Also , I just thought I ’d let you guys know one more time that the Buttersafe Store is now open (! ) and if you place an order by the 18th , you should get your shirt in time for Christmas ( in the United States ) !
Woo .
- Ray
Books published by Macmillan mysteriously poofed from Amazon yesterday .
The reason , according to the NYT , is that Amazon is punishing the publisher for arguing that the price of Kindle books should go up to $ 15 .
This wo n't end well .
It feels like a repeat of the same shit Universal Music , and later , NBC Universal pulled with iTunes , trying to counter the leverage Apple had because of iTunes ' insane market share .
Same situation here , really : Content provider wants more money / control over their content , fights with the overwhelmingly dominant , embedded service that 's selling the content .
Last time , everybody compromised and walked away most happy : Universal and NBC got more flexible pricing , iTunes got DRM - free music and more TV shows for its catalog to sell .
The problem publishers have with Amazon is two - fold : Amazon 's overwhelming marketshare in ebooks ( because that leads to more control for Amazon , and less for them ) and the establishment of $ 9.99 as the price of a book , which publishers feel cheapens the value of books .
( Hardcover bestsellers go for up to $ 30 , after all . )
The difference in this fight is that Macmillan is one of the publishers signed to deliver books for Apple 's iBooks store .
They have somewhere to run .
And credibly .
That was n't really the case with record labels , who tried to fuel alternatives to dilute iTunes power , and failed .
( Interestingly , this little episode seems to prove Brad Stone 's earlier account in the Times that publishers were looking to Apple to save them from the tyranny of Amazon , since Apple allows publishers to set their own book prices . )
The $ 15 price point Macmillan 's pushing to Amazon is a little curious , though , given two things : Steve Jobs told Walt Mossberg books in the iBooks store would cost the same as they do for Kindle , and the WSJ reported last week $ 15 was one of Apple 's recommended price points for books .
Removing Kindle 's price advantage would be a smooth way to launch iBooks , no ?
The publishers get more money , and iBooks in full , eye - straining color cost the same as Kindle books — everybody wins , except Amazon .
This is just the beginning .
[ Bits ]
JREF Swift Blog
How Come We Always Have To Wait Until Night To Do This ?
Common sense : Kids should be rewarded for good , not bad , behavior .
The adults in their midst have a duty to discourage their anti-social , crazy , and excessively goofy tendencies , and to moderate any wild imaginative flights that could lead them to dishonesty , or to a permanent disfigurement of their budding worldviews .
Most of all , adults must be square with them ; must n’t molest their cosmologies or affirm their infantile tendencies in such a way that the children will be mentally crippled or stunted .
That ’s my opinion .
Also my opinion :
For the reasons above and probably several hundred more , Chip Coffey is one bad dude .
Check out this clip from his show , Psychic Kids , the second season of which began airing last month , and continue reading after the jump .
( I 'd have embedded the vid , but its hosts have disabled that option .
Probably to keep it from getting posted here . )
There is something almost goofily cynical about the show — about Coffey & Kids ’ apparent lack of interest in providing even specious evidence for their claimed abilities .
Shows about psychics were once based around the psychics ’ “ hits ” ; in Psychic Kids , the hits come only occasionally , and with little fanfare .
It appears that the show ’s producers believe our brains have been so tenderized by years of psychics and spirits that our already - meager reserves of skepticism have been drained completely .
They see no need to sell us what we ’ve already so eagerly bought .
So we are expected to nod wisely when co-host psychic Chris Fleming and a pubescent medium , apparently independently , both detect a “ female ” spirit at the top of a staircase ; or when one of the kids , channeling Coffey ’s dearly departed mum , says something that makes Coffey smile .
“ That ’s just like her , ” he says .
If this is an attempt to convince us of something , it ’s breathtakingly lazy .
In these moments , Coffey reminds me of Michael Jackson in his guise as the Pied Piper of Neverland ; gaily leading children into a fantasy world of their mutual devise .
It looks harmless , like two lonely and immature souls bucking up each others ’ lovely delusions .
In fact , Coffey often seems like the loneliest , most immature person of them all .
Walking his charges up the darkened staircase of an allegedly haunted house , holding aloft a tiny lantern as though it were the only thing staving back the devil himself , he stubbornly ignores the question posed by one young medium : “ How come we always have to wait until night to do this ? ”
Because , sweetie , nobody ’s afraid of the monster under the bed at high noon .
I cannot say with certainty whether Coffey ’s Kids are psychic , deluded , dishonest , or what .
But it seems surpassingly unlikely that they are all psychic , especially since Coffey and Co. are so loathe to test their claims .
For that reason , it is only in a world in which children are incapable of dishonesty or craziness that Psychic Kids make sense .
If even one of the children to appear on the show is exhibiting not psychic power but pathological attention - seeking behavior , then Chip Coffey is responsible for informing that already - sick child that the way to get on television is to lie , lie , lie — and that if you lie enough , rich grownups will fawn over you and tell you you ’re special .
At the end of most episodes of Psychic Kids , the children are put in touch with grieving non-psychics who ’ve lost a loved one , either literally ( as was the case with the season premiere , which featured a family whose son had disappeared ) or figuratively ( as in the episode linked to above , in which the little girls counsel a woman whose father has died ) .
Watching it , I try to imagine how I ’d feel if I was one of those kids , realizing suddenly that the progress of a missing persons investigation may partially rely upon my deployment of abilities I ’m pretty sure I do n’t possess .
I know that this is the moment when I should come clean , yet — there is the TV camera ; and there is the director , giving me a thumbs - up ; and there is Chip Coffey , smiling kindly —
The kids make their choices on camera , with heads full of every adolescent insecurity , and live with those choices off - camera ever after .
Cartoonist gets death threats
No , I ’m not talking about the crazed Somali extremist who tried to kill Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard last week in retaliation for that old Mohammed cartoon with the turban - bomb ( tur - bomb ? ) .
That was last week ’s news , and I slept blissfully through it .
I ’m talking about USian cartoonist Mark Fiore , who had the audacity to put up this little vid awhile ago :
Three … two… one …
OUTRAGE !
Right - wingnuts went apeshit - bananas , and Fiore reports that the death threats continue to roll in apace :
The death threats keep coming this fine morning .
I guess the Tea Party crew is determined to have “ death panels ” one way or another .
“ Learn to Speak Tea Bag ” ran on my usual client sites , including NPR , which really set off the guys over here , here ( note Condi giving child flowers down by “ donate ” button ) , here , here and here .
Before you could say , “ due to a pre-existing condition , your health coverage has been denied , ” there was a full - fledged viral campaign by right - wing media outlets and blogs to jump , scream and shout about this animation .
Which , to me , is just great !
I say that not because I get some thrill out of receiving emails that are in all capital letters or have more exclamation points than letters in the alphabet , I say that because one of the most important functions of a political cartoon , or political animation , is to foster a discussion .
With thousands of comments posted , loads of emails and tweets , discussion was definitely fostered , and then some .
It ’s the “ then some ” that worries me .
Fiore goes on to note the coincidence of being on the receiving end of death threats over a cartoon at the same time as the Danish cartoonist , saying “ Muslim extremist , meet tea party extremist ” .
Great Caesar ’s Ghost , it ’s the Teabaggin ’ Taliban !
Who says irony is dead ?
It ’s just been resting .
From NASA
News .
New measurements from a NASA satellite show a dramatic cooling in the upper atmosphere that correlates with the declining phase of the current solar cycle .
For the first time , researchers can show a timely link between the Sun and the climate of Earth ’s thermosphere , the region above 100 km , an essential step in making accurate predictions of climate change in the high atmosphere .
Scientists from NASA ’s Langley Research Center and Hampton University in Hampton , Va. , and the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo. , presented these results at the fall meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco from Dec. 14 to 18 .
Earth ’s thermosphere and mesosphere have been the least explored regions of the atmosphere .
The NASA Thermosphere - Ionosphere - Mesosphere Energetics and Dynamics ( TIMED ) mission was developed to explore the Earth ’s atmosphere above 60 km altitude and was launched in December 2001 .
One of four instruments on the TIMED mission , the Sounding of the Atmosphere using Broadband Emission Radiometry ( SABER ) instrument , was specifically designed to measure the energy budget of the mesosphere and lower thermosphere .
The SABER dataset now covers eight years of data and has already provided some basic insight into the heat budget of the thermosphere on a variety of timescales .
The extent of current solar minimum conditions has created a unique situation for recent SABER datasets , explains Stan Solomon , acting director of the High Altitude Observatory , National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo .
The end of solar cycle 23 has offered an opportunity to study the radiative cooling in the thermosphere under exceptionally quiescent conditions .
“ The Sun is in a very unusual period , ” said Marty Mlynczak , SABER associate principal investigator and senior research scientist at NASA Langley .
“ The Earth ’s thermosphere is responding remarkably — up to an order of magnitude decrease in infrared emission / radiative cooling by some molecules . ”
The TIMED measurements show a decrease in the amount of ultraviolet radiation emitted by the Sun .
In addition , the amount of infrared radiation emitted from the upper atmosphere by nitric oxide molecules has decreased by nearly a factor of 10 since early 2002 .
These observations imply that the upper atmosphere has cooled substantially since then .
The research team expects the atmosphere to heat up again as solar activity starts to pick up in the next year .
While this warming has no implications for climate change in the troposphere , a fundamental prediction of climate change theory is that the upper atmosphere will cool in response to increasing carbon dioxide .
As the atmosphere cools the density will decrease , which ultimately may impact satellite operations through decreased drag over time .
The SABER dataset is the first global , long - term , and continuous record of the
Nitric oxide ( NO ) and Carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions from the thermosphere .
“ We suggest that the dataset of radiative cooling of the thermosphere by NO and CO2 constitutes a first climate data record for the thermosphere , ” says Mlynczak .
The TIMED data provide a climate record for validation of upper atmosphere climate models , which is an essential step in making accurate predictions of climate change in the high atmosphere .
SABER provides the first long - term measurements of natural variability in key terms of the upper atmosphere climate .
“ A fundamental prediction of climate change theory is that upper atmosphere will cool in response to greenhouse gases in the troposphere , ” says Mlynczak .
“ Scientists need to validate that theory .
This climate record of the upper atmosphere is our first chance to have the other side of the equation . ”
James Russell III , SABER principal investigator and co-director of the Center for Atmospheric Sciences at Hampton University in Hampton , Va. , agrees adding , “ The atmosphere is a coupled system .
If you pick up one end of the stick , you automatically pick up the other – they ’re intrinsically linked .
To be as accurate as possible , scientists have to understand global change throughout the atmosphere . ”
As the TIMED mission continues , these data derived from SABER will become important in assessing long term atmospheric changes due to the increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
TIMED is the first mission in the Solar Terrestrial Probes Program within the Heliophysics Division in NASA ’s Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
TIMED is the terrestrial anchor of the Heliophysics Great Observatory .
Learn more of TIMED ’s Heliophysics contributions and its role as a bridge to Earth science missions .
Link to lessons learned in terrestrial aeronomy .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
THE coach of one of the world 's best football teams is so furious with their performance that he 's given an ultimatum :
Lift your game , or be forced to wear quirky Katy Perry lingerie on the pitch .
Britain's West Ham manager Gianfranco Zola he has made the threat to humiliate them into improving .
Pert Perry had fans dreaming of cups when she slipped on a custom - made West Ham - themed lingerie set at the MTV awards for boyfriend and diehard fan Russell Brand .
The coach laughed at the idea of star striker Carlton Cole in a corset .
He even quipped : " That would be a good idea ! "
And now the club shop is inundated with orders from supporters wanting a special stocking filler this Christmas .
Just 50 were originally made and they sold out in no time ... at £ 300 apiece .
Orders are already flooding in to get one in time for Valentine 's Day .
Zola might even be persuaded to splash out on his missus next month .
He added : " I do n't know if I 'll buy it yet but I 'll see .
I have to see first what it looks like - then I will decide . "
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - The California Supreme Court on Thursday rejected limits on medical marijuana imposed by state lawmakers , finding that people with prescriptions for pot can have and grow all they need for personal use .
A marijuana plant is shown at Oaksterdam University , a trade school for the cannabis industry , in Oakland , California July 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The high court ruled lawmakers improperly “ amended ” the voter - approved law that decriminalized possession of marijuana for “ seriously ill Californians ” with a doctor ’s prescription by limiting patients to eight ounces ( 227 grams ) of dried marijuana and six mature or 12 immature plants .
The Compassionate Use Act , passed by California voters in 1996 , set no limits on how much marijuana patients could possess or grow , stating only that it be for personal use .
In 1997 , the state ’s Supreme Court defined a lawful amount as enough to be “ reasonably related to the patient ’s current medical needs . ”
The state ’s quantity limits were passed in 2003 as part of a voluntary identification card program designed to protect against both drug trafficking and wrongful arrest by allowing police to quickly verify a patient ’s prescription .
The court on Thursday let stand the voluntary card program but found that the limits it imposes should not “ burden ” a person ’s ability to argue under the Compassionate Use Act that the marijuana possessed or grown was for personal use .
California Attorney General Jerry Brown said in a statement the decision “ confirms our position that the state ’s possession limits are legal ” as applied to medical marijuana cardholders .
A lawyer for plaintiff Patrick Kevin Kelly could not be reached immediately for comment .
Kelly , who obtained a prescription for medical marijuana to alleviate a range of medical issues including hepatitis C , back problems and depression , did not register in the card program .
He was arrested in 2005 for growing marijuana plants and possessing 12 ounces of dried marijuana and was found guilty of marijuana cultivation and possession .
The case is People v. Kelly , Case No. S164830 , California Supreme Court .
ISTANBUL , Turkey — Islam 's answer to a TV evangelist , Adnan Oktar , is at it again .
A few years ago , the controversial sect leader mailed thousands of copies of the “ Atlas of Creation ” — a lavish , 800 - page book that attempts to disprove evolution — to doctors and educators around the world .
Now , in addition to his local - access TV talk show in Turkey , he ’s launched a media blitz to counter the buzz surrounding the 150th anniversary of Charles Darwin ’s “ On the Origin of Species . ”
Oktar in recent months has been inviting journalists to interview him in his living room - cum - television studio in a gated community in Istanbul ’s northern suburbs .
There the 53 - year - old , who uses the pen name Harun Yahya , discusses Islamic creationism while blasting Freemasonry .
“ It ’s a Masonic religion , ” Oktar said , referring to Darwinism during a recent interview with GlobalPost .
“ It goes back to the time of the Sumerians and the time of the Pharaohs and ancient Greece , this old religion that claims creation by chance .
It is actually a Satanic belief . ”
But while Oktar has garnered attention from media around the world , it ’s unclear if he represents anyone besides himself and his small group of followers , though he reflects trends in Islam and creationism in general , experts said .
Like provocative American broadcasters who seek attention , whether good or bad , to boost their notoriety , it ’s hard to tell if Oktar ’s message occurs in an echo chamber or if it has a real impact .
“ Either way , the word gets out , ” said Emre Calikoglu , an assistant who drives journalists to Oktar ’s villa .
“ He ’s sincere .
You can tell . ”
Oktar ’s critics are less generous .
“ He has no grass roots appeal besides his own group of followers , which is probably 200 or 300 people , ” said Mustafa Akyol , a Turkish newspaper columnist .
“ These are the people whom he turned into devotees when they were 15 .
Now they are in their mid-30s and 40s . ”
Claiming he owns a construction firm — others suggest he receives backing from wealthy but secretive radical Muslims —
Oktar has spent money liberally to advertise Islamic creationism , which holds that God created the Earth ’s species out of whole cloth , rather than via natural selection , the theory that animals slowly mutate into new forms over millennia .
Resembling its American counterparts , Islamic creationism has become more popular in recent years as conservative Muslims have raised their voices to counter the proliferation of Western ideologies , like evolution , in the Islamic world .
Islamic creationists do n’t believe the world is around 6,000 years old , based on the genealogies of the Old Testament , for example .
“ American creationism is actually kind of a loser thought , ” Oktar said .
“ They lose at the very beginning because of the age of the Earth issue .
It is not a scientific explanation . ”
Instead , the Quran acknowledges the Earth is far older but rejects evolution , he said , meaning species were created in their present form when life first appeared on the planet .
“ There are 200 million - year - old fossils that falsify Darwinism , ” Oktar continued , admitting he had no training in paleontology but arguing that fossils of , say , crocodiles , depicted creatures identical to those living today .
“ There ’s no intellectual merit , ” said Jason Wiles , a biology professor at Syracuse University and associate director of the Evolution Education Research Center at McGill University in Canada .
“ He ’s just drumming up attention .
It ’s a publicity stunt . ”
Even Oktar admits he can be a shameless self - promoter .
Atheist biologist Richard Dawkins discovered the Atlas uses a fishing lure photograph instead of a real insect , for example , in one of its glossy pages .
Oktar admitted the deception .
“ Dawkins was caught by this , ” he said .
“ I did it on purpose to get attention .
Dawkins made advertisements for the book all around the world . ”
In Turkey , Oktar has little influence beyond his coterie , Akyol said .
In 1986 , he was diagnosed with schizophrenia and committed to a psychiatric hospital for 10 months .
The confinement was politically motivated , Oktar claimed .
But it undermined his legitimacy .
He ’s also been in and out of Turkish courts for years , fighting charges that include operating an illegal organization .
Currently he ’s appealing a conviction that could send him to jail for three years .
But Oktar wielded enough influence last year to convince a judge to ban Dawkins ’ website in Turkey because , he argued , Dawkins was defaming his name .
Oktar also tried to ban Dawkins ’ book , “ The God Delusion , ” in Turkey , but failed .
In other parts of the Muslim world , Oktar has been more successful .
Schools in Indonesia , Pakistan and elsewhere often use his materials .
“ People in other countries in the Muslim world do n’t know about these scandals , ” Akyol said .
“ If you are a high school kid in Malaysia , and you are Muslim , and you want to learn about God and science , these books appeal to you . ”
Others questioned , however , whether teachers use Oktar ’s books because they are yearning for creationist literature , or if they are simply using free materials that have been dumped on their doorsteps , with Harun Yahya ’s reputation expanding in the process .
“ There are a lot of media relations that go on in the Harun Yahya operation , ” said Taner Edis , a Turkish - American physics professor at Truman State University in Missouri , who has written on Islamic creationism .
“ You really should n't think of Harun Yahya as a pseudonym of Adnan Oktar .
You should think of it as a brand name .
They treat it like a brand .
It 's like marketing . ”
XBox 360 Gets Monster Hunter In Japan
by Corey Dockendorf [ Wednesday , 27th of January 2010 - 05:07 PM ]
An online beta will start sometime in May , and according to the website it will have a release date of summer 2010 .
If your wondering if there is a western release date , there is none at this time .
Capcom is hoping that Monster Hunter Tri for Wii does better , then they might port this over to the western gamers .
I would n't hold your breath though .
Also for those that do n't know Monster Hunter Tri will be released as a bundle in April with a non-motion control pad , that looks suspiciously similar to the PlayStation controller .
I say Japan can keep the franchise honestly .
Capcom seems to think that if they continually shoves this game and it's multiple inceptions down players throats it will become this great success in America .
As seen in the last releases ( anyone remember the PSP's Monster Hunter Freedom ? ) it 's obviously not working .
Let it go .
The small portion of gamers that actually enjoy this have either imported the games or they are not a large enough market in the US to continue developing it here .
I agree that this style of game works well in Japan and Asia .
It 's just one of those games that cannot survive out in the West .
I also understand that Monster Hunter is one of the best selling PSP games in Japan , but turning it into an MMO and slapping a monthly fee on something that has been free for such a long times seems like a silly move to me .
Unfortunately the titles which will be on XBox and currently on PC will not run on the same servers , just to add insult to injury .
Personally I think this was a big waste of an announcement .
If they bring it state - side I wish Capcom the best of luck , because with all the new MMO 's being released in the next two years , I really think this game could fall to the wayside .
Official Japanese site
The popular Corolla is one of the models affected Toyota says it is recalling up to 1.8 million cars across Europe , including about 220,000 in the UK , following an accelerator problem .
The carmaker says it will recall eight models including the Yaris , the Corolla and the RAV4 sports utility vehicle .
On Thursday , Toyota announced it was recalling 1.1 million more cars in the US , a day after suspending sales of eight popular US models .
Toyota then widened the recall to Europe and China .
Last week it recalled 2.3 million US cars with faulty pedals .
Deep regret
In a statement , the company said the precise number of European vehicles involved was still under investigation , " but may reach up to 1.8 million vehicles . "
We understand that the current situation is creating concerns and we deeply regret it
Tadashi Arashima , Toyota Motor Europe
' My Toyota crashed into wall '
The eight models recalled are the AYGO , iQ , Yaris , Auris , Corolla , Verso , Avensis and RAV4 and cover manufacturing dates going back to February 2005 .
The recall does not affect Lexus models , Toyota said .
" We understand that the current situation is creating concerns and we deeply regret it , " said Tadashi Arashima , the chief executive of Toyota Motor Europe .
Toyota said it was not aware of any accidents resulting from the issue and that only a limited number of incidents involving accelerator pedals had been reported in Europe .
On Thursday , Toyota said it was recalling 75,552 RAV4 vehicles in China from 28 February .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The cars in question were manufactured between 19 March 2009 and 25 January 2010 in Tianjin , according to a notice on the website of the General Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine of the People 's Republic of China .
Separately , Ford said it would be suspending production of a van made and sold in China that has an accelerator pedal made by the same firm at the centre of Toyota 's investigations .
However , Ford said it had only been using the pedal in the Transit Classic model since December , with only 1,663 vehicles produced .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Sarah Rainsford
BBC News , Barcelona
More than 500 cards like this have already been sent to city officials Raval has been getting ready for Christmas .
Festive lights twinkle above the narrow , cobbled streets .
Strings of tinsel festoon the tapas bars .
And the residents and traders of this central district of Barcelona have been preparing to send traditional " season 's greetings " to the city authorities .
But there is no sign of Santa or fluffy snowmen on their Christmas cards this year .
" Here are some people using the street as a toilet , " says Alexia , pulling one of the cards from a pile scattered over the counter at the family shoe shop .
We want them [ city officials ] to feel a little guilty
Alexia , shoe - seller in Raval " Here they are taking drugs , " she continues , as her youngest daughter tugs at her skirt to go home .
" And here , people are having sex in the street . "
The photo of a prostitute and her client , mid-act and mid-street , leaves very little to the imagination .
It is the most graphic of a series of snapshots of daily life in Raval caught on camera by the residents .
The message on the back reads " Happy Christmas ! "
" We 're sending them to the mayor so he can hang the pictures by his Christmas tree , " Alexia 's husband Luis explains .
" He always sends us cards with pretty pictures of Barcelona on them .
But things happen here that are n't nearly so pretty .
I want him and his family to see what we have to see , " the shoe - seller adds .
Street sex
The neighbours have already delivered more than 500 cards to elected officials and to city police .
Raval residents say they want to live in " a dignified district "
It is not their first attempt to get the authorities ' attention .
In almost every other house in Raval , people have hung large white banners from their balconies with a single phrase in Catalan : " Volem un barri digne ! "
( We want a dignified district ! )
Now they have resorted to shock tactics .
Raval has been a red - light district for many years , but the locals complain it has never been so seedy .
" I used to come and look at the girls here when I was younger , " admits Jaime , who says the area 's mood has been changed by an " avalanche " of foreign sex workers .
" There used to be just be a few Spanish senoras in the bars .
Now everything 's organised by mafias who bring women here from other countries and control them , " he says .
Like other residents , Jaime believes the foreign girls who line the district 's dingy backstreets are forced to earn money quickly to repay their debts .
Sex outdoors keeps costs down and turnover high .
" It 's not usual that everybody 's getting sex on the streets , but it happens , " explains Oscar Urdeitx , whose house is just a short walk from the main tourist drag of Barcelona , Las Ramblas .
" In Barcelona , we get tourists from the UK mainly who come for celebrations for the weekend and they do n't care about anything .
Probably that 's the people finishing on the corner having sex . "
Oscar believes the surge in sex workers in Raval has increased other problems .
The municipality now runs a large needle exchange centre for Raval 's drug addicts .
But Oscar says many choose to inject on his doorstep .
Others use a nearby playground .
" I come here first to collect the condoms and syringes and clean up , " one mother says , as her small children clamber over a climbing frame behind her .
" The sign here clearly says this area is for young children , and if they see a condom or something on the ground , they 'll pick it up and eat it ! "
' Hard to ignore '
In recent months , the police have increased their presence on the streets .
But there is no custodial sentence for public fornication in Spain , and an officer patrolling Raval confesses his options are limited .
Handing over illegal drugs : Local residents took the photos " I can only fine them or say put your dress on and go away .
But it 's complicated , " says Agustin , who has not received his own Christmas card yet .
He admits that fining people makes little difference .
So the Raval residents want to shock the Barcelona authorities into more effective action .
" We want them to feel a little guilty , " says Alexia .
" They have to know they do n't do the work they have to do . "
The city mayor did not want to discuss this issue in an interview .
His secretary said she had not seen one of the cards yet , in his inbox .
But if a snapshot from Raval does end up nestling amongst the candles and Christmas lights on the mayor 's mantelpiece this week , the images of prostitution , drugs and guns will be pretty hard to ignore .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
INUVIK , Northwest Territories ( Reuters ) - Driving by industrial yards along Inuvik ’s icy Navy Road , Jackie Jacobson , an aboriginal guide , hunter and politician , pointed out fleets of idle trucks and clusters of unused oil field equipment .
A sign marks the start of the ice road between Inuvik and Tuktoyaktuk , Northwest Territories November 11 .
REUTERS / Jeffrey Jones
They are the tangible evidence of an economy in limbo , waiting for one of the world ’s biggest unbuilt energy projects -- the C$ 16.2 billion ( $ 15.3 billion ) Mackenzie natural gas pipeline -- to get underway .
After decades of setbacks , work on the pipeline has not started , and it ’s not entirely clear it ever will .
“ If there ’s another big delay , I think there are a lot of businesses in Inuvik and the Northwest Territories that could fold , ” said Jacobson .
“ There are a lot of people invested into this project . ”
With a key regulatory report looming , the risks that are chilling Mackenzie -- and proposals to build a much larger line in Alaska -- have only increased .
The implications go well beyond this town of 3,500 people above the Arctic Circle .
In the last two years alone , North American gas markets have been transformed by the development of a shale gas industry , giving energy companies access to massive deposits near major U.S. cities .
All the while , the recession has cut demand for the fuel , depressing prices in the short term .
The Mackenzie line , first envisioned in the 1970s , is now not expected start up before 2014 .
That means the project , led by Exxon Mobil affiliate Imperial Oil Ltd , will bump up against the $ 30 billion - plus Alaska Pipeline .
It ’s target is 2018 .
The problem for Mackenzie could be a shortage of steel and skilled labor if Alaska gets started first .
What ’s unclear , however , is if either pipeline will ever break ground at a time when shale gas is proving to be a much cheaper alternative .
“ The thing that the surge in unconventional gas ( such as shale ) does for both projects is it raises the risk of a situation where the market might not yield a sufficient price to pay out the investment , ” said Robert Ineson , senior director of global gas for IHS CERA .
Many argue that Arctic gas is still worth developing given expectations that North American demand for the fuel will surge .
U.S. President Barack Obama is pushing for legislation to promote cleaner forms of energy than coal and oil to help meet goals to cut greenhouse gas emissions , and natural gas could be a key part of that .
But can the Mackenzie pipeline hold out that long ?
CANADIAN TAXPAYER SUPPORT
The Canadian government is negotiating a fiscal support package , estimated to be worth in the billions of dollars , that Environment Minister Jim Prentice proposed a year ago .
The proposal , in which Ottawa would pay for associated infrastructure like roads and airstrips , as well as other financial measures , is aimed at helping make the pipeline economically viable in the short term as it opens up a new supply region on the expectation of longer term returns .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has made much of the need to shore up Canada ’s sovereignty in the Arctic to protect huge undeveloped deposits of energy resources .
But politically , he risks accusations in southern Canada that it would be handing over taxpayer dollars to rich oil companies as other parts of the economy struggle .
A recent newspaper report said the project was jeopardized by a federal cabinet committee ’s rejection of the package .
Prentice said talks were still going on , but he and the pipeline backers have been tight - lipped about what the sticking points are .
“ Obviously we ’ve not reached an understanding at this point after a number of years of discussion , ” he said .
The first plans to ship gas from fields near Inuvik discovered in the early 1970s were shelved so native people could solve land claims .
In its most recent incarnation , with aboriginal backing , Imperial had targeted startup of operations this year , but an epic regulatory process went well beyond its timetable .
The line would move up to 1.9 billion cubic feet of gas a day to TransCanada ’s Alberta pipeline network via the Mackenzie River Valley .
In Alberta , the gas would be routed to numerous Canadian and U.S. markets .
The project ’s three anchor fields have reserves of 6 trillion cubic feet .
The next big step for the 1,220 km ( 760 mile ) pipeline is expected this month , when Canada ’s Joint Review Panel is due to release a report into environmental and socioeconomic impacts .
The country ’s main oil and gas regulator , the National Energy Board , will use the document to help make a decision after April 2010 on whether the project can finally go ahead .
Using testimony from two years of public hearings in communities throughout the north , the panel is examining how the project , and a new industry , will affect the land and people ’s lives , and will make recommendations how to proceed .
Imperial Oil will scour it to see if it contains any unforeseen costs that could potentially be deal - breakers .
It was not entirely clear if all the immigrants left willingly for the detention centers , or if some were forced to leave .
In a reconstruction of the days of violence , the police said they were protecting the immigrants against would - be assailants , at least one of whom brandished a pistol .
Some immigrants told the Italian news media that Calabrians had shot at them and beaten them with sticks in the riots , and a front - page editorial in La Repubblica on Sunday compared the situation to Ku Klux Klan violence in the United States in the 1960s .
But other news reports said that many immigrants had fled their encampments in haste before the police began clearing them with bulldozers .
Image Africans work picking fruit in citrus groves in Calabria .
Credit ...
The New York Times
Not all immigrants appear to have left the city , but those who are in the immigration centers with regular residence permits , or who had requested political asylum , are free to go , the interior minister , Roberto Maroni , said Sunday in a television interview .
The others , he said , will be identified and deported .
The riots in Rosarno were a rare instance in which an entire city was engulfed by immigrant violence .
In September 2008 , Italy sent 400 members of the National Guard to Castelvolturno , outside Naples , after violent protests broke out over the shooting deaths of six African immigrants in clashes with the Camorra , the Neapolitan Mafia .
Last February , immigrants set fire to the detention center on the island of Lampedusa , where many had been held awaiting deportation .
There are 4 million legal immigrants in Italy , out of a population of 60 million , and even more illegal immigrants .
And while many Italians rely on them to work in their businesses and take care of their young children or elderly parents , many Italians see the new arrivals as a threat .
In television interviews , some Rosarno residents said they had lived peacefully alongside the immigrants and tried to give them work and food .
But others were more hostile .
“ We ’ve put up with them for 20 years , ” one man shouted in a television interview on Sky TG24 .
Exploring a new city is always fun .
But if you can't get there , a gorgeous , zoomable 360 - degree view photo can be an acceptable substitute .
360 Cities , a Dutch company , has created a stunning panoramic photo of Prague in the Czech Republic .
" The creation of this image represents my previous five years ' obsession with all things panoramic , " says Jeffrey Martin , founder and CEO of 360 Cities .
" If you 're stuck at home over Christmas , feeling humbuggy and do n't feel like hanging out with your family , you can explore Prague instead . "
What makes this panoramic photo interesting to viewers is that you can zoom in and out , move up or down or change your view–much like with Google Street View maps .
The photo has been assembled from 600 shots clicked by a 21 - megapixel Canon 5D Mark II camera and a 70 - 200 mm lens , set to 200 mm .
The camera was mounted on a special robotic device that turned it tiny increments every few hours .
The resulting data from the camera was about 40 - gigabytes .
The finished Photoshop file is 120 GB .
Loading the raw files into a computer and stitching the photo took about a week .
Martin used a four year - old Windows PC with two single - core 3 GHz Xeon processors and 8 GB of RAM .
He also bought a solid state drive to speed up some tasks .
" The final image exists as a 120 Gigabyte Photoshop large ( PSB ) file , " says Martin on his blog .
It can not exist as a TIFF or JPEG file because of their size constraints . "
The photo measures 192,000 x 96,000 pixels , or 18.4 billion pixels altogether .
So start exploring Prague .
If you zoom in enough , you can even see laundry hanging out to dry in some of the buildings .
Photo : 360 Cities
Note :
This post contains close to 50 images amounting to 2 Mbytes of data .
In this first installment , an assessment of reserves and a production model is presented for each of major gold - producing countries in the world .
This is a guest post by Jean Laherrère on gold .
Although of little relevance to our economies in the present day , this precious metal has been used as money for many thousands of years , and still retains its importance and value .
In a two part article , Jean analyses how gold mining is subject to depletion .
Preface
by Ugo Bardi
The question regarding the reasons for the " bell shaped " Hubbert Curve has been around for a long time .
Is the curve something that is only associated with crude oil ?
Does it hold for all fossil fuels ?
Or is it characteristic of all non-renewable resources ?
With time , evidence has accumulated that the Hubbert Curve is a very general phenomenon that occurs for all cases where a resource is exploited in conditions of free or nearly free market .
The curve is observed also for renewable resources , when the rate of production is much faster than the replacement rate .
It is , however , a typical characteristic of non-renewable mineral resources .
In the case of energy resources , the Hubbert Curve is directly related to EROI or EROEI ( energy return of energy invested ) .
Declining values of the EREOI reduce the producers ' profit and , eventually , lead to a reduction in investments on exploration and development .
In the more general case of mineral resources , the curve is still related to energy but , in this case , to the increasing need of energy for exploiting progressively lower grade ores .
The case of gold is especially interesting since it deals with a resource whose extraction rate would be expected to be dominated by market prices rather than energy constraints .
Indeed , the historical gold production curve is best interpreted in terms of multiple production cycles , each one following a Hubbert Curve .
Nevertheless , it is still possible to interpret the curve in terms of an overall Hubbert behaviour which , therefore , appears to be a nearly universal phenomenon in resource exploitation .
Introduction
Natural distributions ( size versus rank ) seem to follow the same fractal pattern ( parabolic fractal ) with galaxies , earthquakes , urban agglomerations and oil and gas reserves gathering in the same way ( Laherrere 1996 ) .
Mineral discoveries and production in sedimentary basins also seem to follow the same pattern , displaying several cycles trending towards an ultimate value .
Production mimics discovery with a certain time lag , because what is produced needs to be discovered first .
However , production is limited both by above - ground and below - ground factors .
The main below - ground limit is that the energy invested should be less than the energy returned , or EROI ( Energy Return on Investment should be higher than 1 ) .
But EROI is very hard to estimate , except by converting expenditures for energy using assumed ratios .
Hall et al ( Energies 2009 - 2
What is the minimum EROI that a sustainable society must have ? ) propose a minimum EROI ( over 3 ? ) , when the real limit is 1 ( except with subsidies ! ) .
For long , I thought that gold production was different from fossil fuel production , because gold exploration has no energy limit , only cost .
Gold concentration can vary largely .
The contours are uncertain and the limit ( cutoff ) is an economic cutoff , whereas crude oil deposits are discrete and the concentration is either almost 100 % ( forgetting water produced with the oil ) or 0 % .
However , oil supply ( to satisfy oil demand ) includes much more than crude oil or bitumen : natural gas liquids , refinery gains and other liquids from coal or biomass .
Unconventional oil is more limited by the size of the tap ( speed of extraction ) than by the size of the tank ( amount of resources ) .
Gold is extracted in mines at about 4000 meters deep , while coal reserves for instance are limited to about 1800 meters deep and onshore because of EROI constraints ( waiting for a breakthrough on in situ gasification ) .
But looking at the problems in South Africa ( which for long was the main producer ) , it appears now that diminishing grade and high energy needs will set the limit .
The world ’s main gold mine is gold in the sea and no one is even thinking of that !
As a retired oil and gas explorer ( geologist / geophysicist ) , I am very interested in minerals , but I know very little about gold mining .
( I did try to pan for gold in Australia . )
I have gathered all that I could find on the web , to present the main facts about the main producing countries .
I found that little reliable historical data exists .
The main source of production information since 1933 , on a country - by - country basis , seems to be the annual yearbooks of the USGS .
Unfortunately , some of the amounts shown are not correct even in more recent editions , because past wrong estimates ( especially for the FSU ) were not corrected .
Data for China is not considered as certain as the data from other countries .
However , the USGS provides good maps of the country 's gold mines .
I want to thank Gavin Mudd from Monash University Australia , who has done terrific work on gold .
He has written excellent papers and provided me with historical values for most producing countries .
The site GoldSheetLinks provides gold production data since 1970 ( though the data for Russia is wrong for the Soviet period ) showing the main producers , which were in 2000 South Africa followed by US , and Australia in third place .
But by 2008 , the main producer was China with rising production , while South Africa , US and Australia are at the same level or declining .
Figure 1 : Annual gold production from main producers from goldsheetlinks .
The same with the total on a log scale :
Figure 2 : Annual gold production for main producers using a log scale .
As shown in the previous graph , South Africa was by far the largest producer , but it is not any more .
First place was taken over by China , with Australia and the US producing as much as South Africa !
Let ’s study the main producers :
South Africa
Gold occurs in many places in Africa :
Figure 3 : Gold map of Africa
Gold mining in South Africa started around 1880 , and the cumulative production has reached over 50 kt .
It can be modelled with two cycles for an ultimate of 58 kt ; leaving a yet to be produced figure of 8 kt , whereas USGS estimates the reserves ( remaining reserves ) at 6 kt and the reserve base ( resources ) at 30 kt .
Figure 4 : South Africa cumulative gold production & modelling .
Annual gold production from South Africa is compared to the gold price and modelled with 4 cycles :
Figure 5 : South Africa annual gold production & modelling .
Gold mine grade is a very important element of the economics of gold mining .
The present linear trend of South Africa ’s gold grade will reach zero around 2060 , which makes our annual production forecast look optimistic with the 58 kt ultimate .
Figure 6 : South Africa gold grade .
South Africa 's gold grade decline could be sharper because deep mining consumes a lot of energy .
US ' gold decline is sharper .
Official gold « reserves » are in fact what is in the banks , and should not be confused with geological reserves ( future production ) .
Figure 7 : South Africa annual gold production and official « reserves » ( in the banks )
Ghana ( formerly Gold Coast )
Ghana has a long history of mineral production , and gold mining has been prominent in the economy of Ghana during the last 2000 years , using indigenous methods .
Historically , this method for gold mining attracted Arab traders into the country and earned Ghana the name Gold Coast .
Between the 14th and 19th century , the Gold Coast produced about 14 million ounces of gold using indigenous methods .
Modern gold mining in Ghana essentially began with Frenchman Pierre Bonnat , the father of modern gold mining on the Gold Coast .
In 1895 , Ashanti Goldfields Corporation began working in the Obuasi district of Ghana , developing the Ashanti and other mines , which have produced the largest proportion of gold since 1900 in the countries of the Gold Coast .
The cumulative gold production reached 1.7 kt in 2008 and can be modelled for an ultimate of 3.5 to 4.5 kt ( USGS remaining reserves being 1.6 kt and reserve base 2.7 kt ) .
Figure 8 : Ghana cumulative production & modelling for an ultimate of 3.5 & 4.5 kt
Ghana 's gold production should peak around 2015 at a level about 110 t/a .
Figure 9 : Ghana annual production & modelling for an ultimate of 3.5 & 4.5 kt .
US
The US are famous for the gold rush of 1849 in California , but gold occurs in other places too .
Figure 10 : US gold map .
Despite some production in the Appalachia as early as 1792 , US gold cumulative production did not really take off until around 1850 , and reached 17 kt at the end of 2007 .
The ultimate is estimated at 20 kt because the USGS reports remaining reserves at 3 kt , with resources at 5 kt .
Figure 11 : US cumulative gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 20 kt .
US gold production has shown several peaks : 1852 , 1915 , 1940 and the last and largest in 1998 .
It seems unlikely that there will be another significant peak .
Figure 12 : US annual gold production for an ultimate of 20 kt .
Gold production ’s drastic decline is confirmed by the decline of gold grade .
Figure 13 : US annual gold grade and linear extrapolation since 1980 .
US gold grade was 10 g/t during the 1960s , and declined to 2 g/t in 1980 .
In the 1990s the average grade remained just above 1 g/t , which is close to the threshold for economic extraction .
The extrapolation of grade since 1980 up to 1993 ( last value ) leads towards a zero grade around now .
The largest production figure since 1980 was in Nevada : Jon Price Nevada Bureau of mines and geology 2007
The world has changed : minerals in the 21st century [ pdf ! ] .
Figure 14 : US annual gold production and Nevada contribution .
Canada
Figure 15 : Canada and Latin America gold map .
Canada ’s cumulative gold production reached 10 kt in 2008 and can be modelled with an ultimate of 12 kt ( USGS reserves = 2 kt & reserve base 4 kt ) .
Figure 16 : Canada cumulative gold production & modelling for an ultimate of 12 kt
Figure 17 : Canada annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 12 kt
Canada ’s gold grade trend from 1955 to 2004 can be extrapolated towards 2035 , but only to 2010 using the last 12 years !
Figure 18 : Canada gold grade .
Australia
The world 's largest gold nugget was found in Australia ( Victoria ) in 1869 weighting 74 kg !
Figure 19 : Australia gold map from www.ga.gov.au
Australia ’s cumulative gold production was about 12 kt in 2008 , and can be modelled for an ultimate of 17 kt ( USGS estimates reserves at 5 kt and reserve base at 6 kt ) .
Figure 20 : Australia cumulative gold production & modelling for an ultimate of 17 kt .
Australia ’s gold production has peaked in 1997 , and its decline will continue until about 2060 if the ultimate is 17 kt .
Figure 21 : Australia annual gold production & modelling for an ultimate of 17 kt .
But since 1940 , Australia ’s gold grade decline seems to trend towards zero around 2035 , meaning that the 17 kt ultimate from the USGS is too high !
Australia ’s gold grade is now at 2 g/t .
Figure 22 : Australia gold grade
Brazil
Brazil 's Gold Rush started in the 1690s , when the Bandeirantes discovered large gold deposits in the mountains of Minas Gerais [ General Mines in Portuguese ] .
Brazil ’s cumulative gold production is 3.4 kt in 2008 and can be modelled for an ultimate of 4 kt & 5 kt ( USGS reserves = 2 kt and reserve base = 2.5 kt )
Figure 23 : Brazil cumulative gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 4 kt & 5 kt
Brazil ’s gold production peaked in 1990 , and will decline until 2050 or 2100 depending on the ultimate .
Figure 24 : Brazil annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 4 kt & 5 kt
Brazil ’s gold grade has been declining since 1900 and can be extrapolated towards zero around 2050 , which leads to consider the USGS reserve estimate as too high , only the 4 kt ultimate being likely .
Figure 25 : Brazil gold grade .
Peru
Gold was produced long before the Spanish conquest , but data starts in 1491 .
Cumulative gold production was 2.3 kt in 2008 and modelled for an ultimate of 4 kt .
USGS estimates for reserves were high in 2004 but dropped to 1.2 kt with a reserve base at 2.3 kt .
Figure 26 : Peru cumulative gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 4 kt .
Peru ’s gold production has peaked in 2005 and will decline until 2020 .
Figure 27 : Peru annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 4 kt .
Mexico
Historical gold production is hard to get before 1970 and cumulative production since then reaches 0.6 kt in 2008 .
USGS estimates reserves at 1.4 kt and the reserve base at 3.4 kt .
Figure 28 : Mexico cumulative gold production and modelling for a remaining ultimate of 1.5 & 3 kt .
Mexico ’s gold production should peak about 2020 , at around 100 t/a !
Figure 29 : Mexico annual gold production & modelling for a remaining ultimate of 1.5 & 3 kt .
Chile
Like Mexico , Chile ’s gold production before 1970 is hard to get ; since then cumulative production is 1 kt and can be modelled with a remaining ultimate of 2 or 3 kt ( USGS reserves at 2 kt and reserve base at 3.4 kt ) .
Figure 30 : Chile cumulative gold production and modelling for a remaining ultimate of 2 & 3 kt .
Chile ’s gold production should peak around 2025 at 70 t/a .
Figure 31 : Chile annual gold production and modelling for a remaining ultimate of 2 & 3 kt .
Russia
Russia ’s gold industry started in 1745 around Ekaterinburg and in Siberia in 1823 ( Korolenko 2004 ) .
Russia ’s data was confidential during the Soviet period and CIA 's ( then USGS ) reports were completely wrong .
The most reliable source is the recent paper by Russian gold producer NBL CEO M. Leskov « Winning gold in Russia » International Mining May 2009 .
Figure 32 : Russia gold map from NBL International
Leskov was giving completely different data from the past CIA reports , but the following graph is hardly readable to keep data still confidential !
Figure 33 : Russia annual gold production from Leskov , head of NBL
Comparing Leskov data ( if correctly read ) to previous sources shows that discrepancies were huge ( more than double ) !
Figure 34 : Russia annual gold production from different sources
Different data sources are :
1 . The USGS minerals yearbooks .
In the 1963 report , USSR production is reported at more than 10 Moz since 1950 .
Figure 35 : Annual gold production from USGS minerals yearbook 1963 .
In the 1964 report , USSR production is shown as less than 5 Moz from 1942 to 1963 in a new graph for the past , but most researchers kept the previously reported annual data , which was not corrected .
Figure 36 : Annual gold production from USGS minerals yearbook 1964 .
Figure 37 : Annual gold production from USGS minerals yearbook 1980 .
2. Robert G. Jensen , Theodore Shabad , Arthur W. Wright 1983 Soviet natural resources in the world economy .
3. Jon Price 2007
The world has changed : minerals in the 21st century [ pdf ! ]
Nevada Bureau of mines and geology .
Figure 38 : percentage of annual gold production by country from Price showing an incorrect collapse of Russia production in 1961
4.Thomas Chaize and his site .
5.V. Korolenko 2004 Prospects for the Production and Processing of Gold in Russia .
6. R. Flynn Estimating Soviet gold production 1975 .
Compiling and correcting all the data , the cumulative gold production is at 15 kt in 2008 and is modelled with an ultimate of 20 kt ( USGS 2009 reserves = 5 kt and reserve base 7 kt ) .
Figure 39 : Russia cumulative gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 20 kt .
Russia ’s gold production should peak again around 2015 at 200 t/a and decline until 2060 .
Figure 40 : Russia annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 20 kt .
Uzbekistan
As for all USSR countries , gold data is unreliable before 1991 .
Uzbekistan ’s gold production is reported to have started in 1970 , but with no data from 1980 to 1991 .
Cumulative production is at 2.5 kt in 2008 and modelled for an ultimate of 4.3 kt ( USGS reserves at 1.7 kt & reserve base at 1.9 kt ) .
Figure 41 : Uzbekistan cumulative gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 4.3 kt .
Uzbekistan ’s gold production has peaked in 1998 and could display a lower peak in 2012 with a decline until 2050 :
Figure 42 : Uzbekistan annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 4.3 kt .
China
There are many gold deposits in China :
Figure 43 : China gold deposits map from USGS 2005 - 1294 .
China ’s gold production was low from 1930 to 1970 , but before that it is unknown .
Gold has been known in China since 1091 B.C. [ pdf ! ] when little squares of gold were legalized in China as a form of money .
USGS estimates China remaining reserves at 1,2 kt with resources at 4 kt ; cumulative production at end 2008 was 5 kt .
China ’s gold ultimate should be around 8 to 10 kt .
Figure 44 : China cumulative gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 8 & 10 kt .
China ’s annual gold production should peak between 2010 and 2015 and then decline sharply .
Figure 45 : China annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 8 & 10 kt .
Indonesia
Indonesia ’s gold production is unknown before 1970 and cumulative production is about 2 kt at the end of 2008 .
The USGS estimates remaining reserves at 3 kt ( but 1.8 kt in 2006 ) with resources at 6 kt ( 2.8 kt in 2006 ) .
Figure 46 : Indonesia cumulative gold production and modelling for a remaining ultimate of 3 & 4 kt .
Assuming a cumulative production of 2 kt in 2008 , the ultimate is estimated at 5 to 6 kt .
Indonesia ’s annual gold production has peaked in 2005 and should peak again at the same level around 2015 - 2020 and decline until 2050 :
Figure 47 : Indonesia annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 5 & 6 kt .
Papua New Guinea ( PNG )
PNG ’s cumulative gold production was at 1.6 kt in 2008 and is modelled for ultimates of 3 & 4 kt ( USGS reports reserves at 1.3 kt and the reserve base at 2.3 kt ) .
Figure 48 : PNG cumulative gold production and modelling for ultimates of 3 & 4 kt .
PNG ’s annual gold production should peak during the 2010s and decline until 2050 .
Figure 49 : PNG annual gold production and modelling for an ultimate of 3 & 4 kt .
Synthesis of main producers
The data from the above graphs on highest peak and year , annual and cumulative production for 2008 and ultimates are gathered in the following table , and the subtotal of these 14 producers compared to the world figures .
These 14 producers sum to 80 % of the world 's production in 2008 ( as cumulative production ) and 66 % of the world ’s ultimate value .
Country Highest peak ( t/a ) Peak year ap ** 2008 ( t/a ) CP ** 2008 ( kt ) Ultimate ( kt ) S. Africa 1000 1970 234 52 58 Russia 220 1939 174 15 20 US
366 1998 230 17 20 Australia 309 1998 225 12 17 Canada 175 1991 100 10 12 China 288 2008 288 5 9 Indonesia 167 2005 90 1,9 4,5 Uzbekistan 100 1998 85 2,5 4,3 Brazil 105 1980 40 3,4 4 Peru 207 2005 175 2,6 4 Ghana 84 2008 84 1,9 4 Chile 54 2000 42 1 3,5 PNG 74 2000 65 1,6 3,5 Mexico 41 2008 41 0,6 2 subtotal 1873 127 166 World 2600 2001 2356 160 250
* ap = annual production .
** CP = comulative production .
In the following installment , Jean will look at the World 's perspectives as a whole .
Previously at TheOilDrum : Peak Minerals .
A powerful , pathos - filled speech by Senator Diane Savino ( D - Staten Island ) before the failed vote yesterday :
The best account of the impact of yesterday 's decisive defeat for civil rights is here .
What strikes me is how many of the nay votes did n't speak at all .
And how many who had privately pledged support voted no anyway .
The work done with New York 's GOP was particularly impressive .
But one suspects that the winds blowing in the GOP today , in which any inclusion of gay people - let alone civil equality - is anathema , were primarily responsible .
It 's demoralizing and dispiriting .
But it is my deepest belief that every time this question is thoroughly debated , and each time we put ourselves , our dignity and our families on the line , we win even if we lose .
This is about changing people 's consciousness , deep down , the prerequisite of changing the law .
And sometimes simply witnessing a majority strike down a minority so emphatically makes the point more powerfully than anything else .
Civil rights movements always move forward by occasionally moving backward .
And at each moment in the struggle , those unpersuaded watch us , how we respond , who we are .
Anger and sadness are more than legitimate responses .
But so are calm and confidence .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Memory involves recalling and retrieving information .
Recalling general information that affects your daily life may be simple for most healthy individuals .
Remembering facts such as names and dates from history , however , may be more challenging .
Learning and using memory strategies can improve your ability to remember such information .
Make a Rhyme
Repeating the information in a rhythmic pattern such as a poem or song may help improve memory for dates and names from history .
Well - known examples are the " Remember , remember the fifth of November " rhyme that commemorates the November 5 , 1605 hanging of British citizen Guy Fawkes -- who was found with several dozen barrels of gunpowder -- which was believed to be a plot to overthrow the British government .
In the United States , schoolchildren sing , " In fourteen hundred and ninety - two , Columbus sailed the ocean blue " to remember when Columbus discovered America .
Depending on the amount of information you need to remember , make separate rhymes for each piece of information -- such as one name and date -- or group chunks of information into a longer rhyme .
By Association
Associating new information with other information can improve recall .
Use visual images , sounds , smells or previously learned facts to associate with the new information .
For example , if you need to remember the name Annie Oakley , you might repeat her name while visualizing your aunt Annie standing under an oak tree .
If you need to remember that she was born Aug. 13 , 1860 , picture her holding up a calendar showing the month of August with the number 13 written in red and say to yourself " Annie is 18 going on 60 . "
Method of Loci
The method of loci involves connecting names or dates to items or activities in a certain location .
For example , if you need to remember the names of the presidents in order , imagine walking to your front door and seeing a dollar bill stuck inside the door , which triggers your memory of George Washington .
Picture John Adams and television 's Addams Family opening the door for you and Thomas Jefferson sitting on your couch beside George Jefferson .
Continue throughout the house , making associations with the presidents .
Use Multiple Senses
To store information in long - term memory , use multiple senses when reviewing the information .
Write down the information , read it and say it aloud .
Try writing the information in order , such as chronologically or alphabetically .
Review the information repeatedly to commit it to long - term memory .
Sen . Bernie Sanders explains to Chris Matthews why he decided to support the health care bill .
At least Sanders unlike the other hold outs made them do something to improve the bill instead of helping the insurance companies .
He still does n't sound much happier about it than many of us are and he extracted a price to get his vote .
I respect the fact that he's at least willing to defend it unlike many of the others who slipped in pork for their states that does nothing to help the rest of the country .
Want Universal Health Care ?
Move to Vermont :
Independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders accomplished what no one else in Washington seems to be able to do : Providing his constituents with affordable universal health care coverage .
In exchange for his vote on the diluted Senate health care bill , Sanders asked for and received just what the doctor ordered — $ 10 billion to increase the number of community health care centers nationwide , including at least two more for Vermont .
It means health care for 25 million Americans nationwide , if the bill passes .
The Green Mountain State already has eight of those centers , which provide primary care , dental and low - cost prescription drugs .
Nobody is turned away , since the centers accept as payment Medicare , Medicaid or nothing at all from people who are uninsured .
More than 100,000 Vermonters get their primary care at these health care centers .
Sanders , a self - described socialist who by virtue of the fragile Democratic coalition in the Senate finds himself with more clout than ever before , is n’t stopping there .
Now he ’s pushing to expand by 20,000 the ranks of doctors , dentists , nurses and other medical professionals who are part of the National Health Service Corps .
Sanders wants to thank those medical professionals for their commitment to providing Americans with quality , affordable health care by forgiving or reducing the obscene debts they face from the cost of attending college and medical school .
Continue reading ...
Katrina Vanden Heuvel has more at The Nation 's blog-- Sanders Strengthens Senate Health Bill :
Without fanfare , the good Senator from Vermont , Bernie Sanders , has continued to work behind the scenes to champion community health centers -- something he has done for years ( also here ) .
These non-profit , community - based facilities provide primary healthcare , dental care , mental health services , and low - cost prescription drugs on a sliding scale .
As amendments were added in recent days to win over the Liebermans and Nelsons of the " greatest [ undemocratic ] deliberative body " in the world , Sanders made sure that a $ 10 billion increase in funding for the health centers was included .
We can argue about whether the trade off was worth it or not , but I 'll never throw Bernie in the same basket with the Nelson 's and the Landrieu's of the world .
LUIS GUTIERREZ SETS THE RECORD STRAIGHT ….
As part of regulatory reform for the financial industry , Republicans believe Democrats have created a “ bailout fund . ” Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( D - Ill . ) yesterday decided this is a lie worth debunking in detail .
Gutierrez , who is bilingual , told his colleagues , “ I ’ve had the bill thoroughly examined by those who do speak the English language and have only spoken the English language all their life , and they cannot find the ‘ bailout fund ’ in the bill . ”
Ryan Grim added , “ What the bill does do , [ Gutierrez ] explained , is create a fund that major firms must pay into .
If banks get into trouble , the fund is used to take them over , break them up and sell off the parts .
If such a fund was socialist , Gutierrez said , then so is Geico .
But unlike Geico , he said , drivers who crash the economy do n’t get their bank repaired and returned to them under the Democratic plan . ”
In the hopes of making this easy enough for his GOP colleagues to understand , Gutierrez explained , “ What they wo n’t tell you is unlike everybody in this room who has to go and take out an insurance policy to drive a car , they want Wall Street and Goldman Sachs to be able to drive our economy into the ground without paying a cent of insurance in case they act recklessly .
And all we ’re saying as Democrats is : ‘ It ’s simple .
If you want to do business in America and you threaten the economic stability of our country , then you ’ve got to pay into an insurance fund . ’
“ But let me tell you : it ’s not the kind of insurance fund where you get into an accident and they take your car and they fix it and they kind of give it back to you new .
No no .
In our insurance fund , you know what happens ?
We chop up your car into pieces and sell it and then we pay back the fund with the pieces .
That ’s our fund .
Read the bill .
It ’s a funeral fund .
You guys love to talk about the death and death and death when it came to health care .
Why do n’t you talk about our death panels now ? ”
Now that Gutierrez has explained reality , I ’m sure House Republican will stop telling people there ’s a “ bailout fund ” in the bill , right ?
A 46 - year - old Binghamton University graduate student from Saudi Arabia was charged on Saturday with killing a retired anthropology professor , a specialist in Islamic and Middle Eastern studies with whom he had worked , the authorities said .
The student , Abdulsalam S. al - Zahrani , was charged with second - degree murder in the death of the professor , Richard T. Antoun , who was stabbed in his office in the university ’s Science I building on Friday afternoon , said Gerald F. Mollen , the district attorney in Broome County .
“ We believe the murder weapon was recovered , ” he said .
Mr. Mollen said in a statement that Mr. Zahrani and Professor Antoun had known each other through Mr. Zahrani ’s “ work in the graduate program . ”
Later , in an interview , the district attorney said that “ they ’ve known each other for quite some time . ”
The extent of their contact was not immediately clear .
Mr. Zahrani , a citizen of Saudi Arabia who is a graduate student in anthropology , was being held without bail at the Broome County Sheriff ’s Correctional Facility after his arraignment in Town Court in Vestal , N.Y. , Mr. Mollen said .
i was just coming in to say that exactly .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL ikr
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL mte
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I think it 's so awkward that it 's sort of fascinating , though .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
MTE lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
omg
DID YOU STAY FOR THE CREDITS AND WAS THERE A DEDICATION TO STAN WINSTON ?
The answer to this question is very relevant to my interests .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I AM EVEN MORE EXCITED TO SEE IT AT MIDNIGHT NOW YESSSSS
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i seriously thought this was an aint it cool news version of one of the teary clay aiken fan comment copy / paste classics
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
hahaha
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol poor Jane Campion
Reply
Thread
Link
She 'll just have to settle for being a hot piece of genius .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
That whole film is getting shut out :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Did Kathryn and James have a messy divorce ?
I just remember that he divorced someone he worked with who ended up getting a ton of his money but I do n't remember who it was .
Reply
Thread
Link
I know they 're divorced , but I do n't know how messy it was .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
James and Linda Hamilton was a pretty messy divorce .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
idk if it was ever a different case , but i read that they are on good terms now .
he was at the premiere of the hurt locker
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
they worked together a few years after their divorce on the movie strange days , so I can't imagine it having been too messy .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
They 've been best bros for a billion years , so probably not .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
But man , Bigelow is a very underrated action director .
" Point Break " is cheesy but some sequences pushed the limit .
" Strange Days " does n't get enough credit .
and " K19 " was well done from a technical standpoint .
She also still looks good .
Hopefully she will go back to making big budget action .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
They were married about a year and a half .
I doubt if that was long enough to stake any claim to the others money .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm too scared to watch .
Reply
Thread
Link
LOL why ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I know it 's gonna be awkward and I 'll get second hand embarrassment .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
So happy a female director is nominated !!
I do n't know why I just realized how freaking sexist Hollywood is behind the scenes .
I just noticed the in front of the camera sexism before .
Reply
Thread
Link
I completely agree ( see comment below ) .
It 's the same thing with female writers getting recognition
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
hollywood needs more powerhouse female directors and critics
Reply
Thread
Link
After yesterday 's epic interview for the ages , I 'd say Hollywood also needs a grindhouse pic where Mahnola Dargis goes around stabbing motherfuckers in the eye with a fountain pen .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Whoa .
Link me , please !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Kathryn Bigelow and James Cameron
Awkward .
Reply
Thread
Link
They were married to each other at one point .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I can't take this serious when they have Lee Daniels there .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOOK AT THAT SEXY AWESOME BITCH KATHRYN BIGELOW .
I met her and she 's so tall and pretty and nice , ugh it 's just not fair .
And I miss unkempt , fat , jolly Peter Jackson .
Reply
Thread
Link
Peter Jackson seems like such an asshole .
I do n't know ... after reading that shit about The Lovely Bones , he just comes off as a douchebag .
But Kathryn and James ?!
HOLY AWKWARD .
Reply
Thread
Link
what shit ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Oh Gosh , I can't even remember all the details .
Just some stuff about him being a jerk to everybody .
I know that Peter and Susan Sarandon had some conflicts while filming .
Apparently he was very difficult to work with - not that I 'm saying this is 100 % true , but I believe it .
I wonder how awkward it must be promoting this film with her ... she basically called his film shit .
Anyways , the man seems like a jerk .
That 's all .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Kathryn and James are still friends according to him .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Holy hell , I 'm jizzing myself .
Reply
Thread
Link
OMG AWKWARD
Reply
Thread
Link
But ... I read that the direction for The Lovely Bones and Precious was n't that good .
Have n't seem them yet , so maybe I should keep quiet .
Reply
Thread
Link
Precious had good acting but was horribly directed .
The acting elevated it from a Lifetime movie .
Much like Charlize 's performance in " Monster " .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
chubby Peter Jackson > skinny Peter Jackson
Reply
Thread
Link
A reinsurance firm owned by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. reached a $ 92 million settlement with the federal government that will allow the firm to avoid prosecution for its role in a fraud scheme involving American International Group Inc .
As part of the deal , Berkshire agreed to several corporate - governance concessions .
Berkshire 's General Re Corp. acknowledged its role in the fraud and agreed to pay $ 60.5 million toward restitution for burned investors .
It ...
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
The Cardiff Giant was one of the most famous hoaxes in United States history .
It was a 10 foot - tall purported " petrified man " uncovered on October 16 , 1869 by workers digging a well behind the barn of William C. " Stub " Newell in Cardiff , New York .
Both it and an unauthorized copy made by P.T. Barnum are still on display .
Giant 's creation
The Giant was the creation of a New York tobacconist named George Hull .
Hull , an atheist , decided to create the giant after an argument with a fundamentalist minister named Mr. Turk about the passage in Genesis 6:4 that there were giants who once lived on earth .
The idea of a petrified man did not originate with Hull , however .
In 1858 the newspaper Alta California had published a bogus letter that claimed that a prospector had been petrified when he had drunk a liquid within a geode .
Some other newspapers had also published stories of supposedly petrified people .
Hull hired men to carve out a 10 ft long , 4.5 - inch block of gypsum in Fort Dodge , Iowa , telling them it was intended for a monument to Abraham Lincoln in New York .
He shipped the block to Chicago , where he hired a German stonecutter to carve it into the likeness of a man and swore him to secrecy .
Various stains and acids were used to make the giant appear to be old and weathered , and the giant 's surface was beaten with steel knitting needles embedded in a board to simulate pores .
Then Hull transported the giant by rail to the farm of William Newell , his cousin , in November 1868 .
He had by then spent US $ 2,600 on the hoax .
Nearly a year later , Newell hired Gideon Emmons and Henry Nichols , ostensibly to dig a well , and on October 16 , 1869 , they found the Giant .
One of the men reportedly exclaimed , " I declare , some old Indian has been buried here ! "
Giant exhibited
Newell set up a tent over the giant and charged 25 cents for people who wanted to see it .
Two days later he increased the price to 50 cents .
Archaeological scholars pronounced the giant a fake , and some geologists even noticed that there was no good reason to try to dig a well in the exact spot the giant had been found .
Some Christian fundamentalists and preachers , however , defended its legitimacy . [ 1 ]
Eventually Hull sold his part - interest for $ 37,500 to a syndicate of five men headed by David Hannum .
They moved it to Syracuse , New York for exhibition .
The giant drew such crowds that showman P.T. Barnum offered $ 60,000 for a three - month lease of it ( in his memoirs he said he wanted to buy it ) .
When the syndicate turned him down he hired a man to covertly model the giant 's shape in wax and create a plaster replica .
He put his giant on display in New York , claiming that his was the real giant and the Cardiff Giant was a fake .
As the newspapers reported Barnum 's version of the story , David Hannum was quoted as saying , " There 's a sucker born every minute " in reference to the suckers paying to see Barnum 's giant .
Over time , the quotation has been misattributed to P.T. Barnum himself .
Hannum sued Barnum , but the judge told him to get his giant to swear on his own genuineness in court if he wanted a favorable injunction .
Scholars also criticized the giant .
Yale palaeontologist Othniel C. Marsh called it " a most decided humbug " .
On December 10 , Hull confessed to the press .
On February 2 , 1870 both giants were revealed as fakes in court .
The judge ruled that Barnum could not be sued for calling a fake giant a fake .
Imitators
The Cardiff Giant has inspired a number of similar hoaxes .
In 1876 The Solid Muldoon emerged in Beulah , Colorado and was exhibited at 50 cents a ticket .
There was also a rumor that Barnum had offered to buy it for $ 20,000 .
One employer later revealed that this was also a creation of George Hull , aided by Willian Conant .
The Solid Muldoon was made of clay , ground bones , meat , rock dust and plaster .
In 1877 , the owner of Taughannock House hotel on Cayuga Lake , New York , hired men to create a fake petrified man and place it where the workers that were expanding the hotel would dig it up .
One of the men who had buried the giant later revealed the truth when drunk .
In 1892 Jefferson " Soapy " Smith , de facto ruler of the town of Creede , Colorado , purchased a petrified man for $ 3,000 and exhibited it for 10 cents a peek .
Soapy 's profits did not come from displaying " McGinty , " as he named it , but rather from distractions , like the shell game set up to entertain the crowds as they waited in line .
He also profited by selling interests in the exhibition .
This was a real human body , intentionally injected with chemicals for preservation and petrification .
Soapy displayed McGinty from 1892 to 1895 throughout Colorado and the northwest United States .
ruler of the town of Creede , Colorado , purchased a petrified man for $ 3,000 and exhibited it for 10 cents a peek .
Soapy 's profits did not come from displaying " McGinty , " as he named it , but rather from distractions , like the shell game set up to entertain the crowds as they waited in line .
He also profited by selling interests in the exhibition .
This was a real human body , intentionally injected with chemicals for preservation and petrification .
Soapy displayed McGinty from 1892 to 1895 throughout Colorado and the northwest United States .
In 1899 a petrified man found in ort Benton , Montana was " identified " as US Civil War General Thomas Francis Meagher .
Meagher had drowned in the Missouri River two years previously .
The petrified man was transported to New York for exhibition .
Current resting place
The Cardiff Giant appeared in the 1901 Pan-American Exposition but did not attract much attention .
An Iowa publisher bought it later to adorn his basement rumpus room as a coffee table and conversation piece .
In 1947 he sold it to the Farmers ' Museum in Cooperstown , New York , where it is still on display .
The owner of Marvin 's Marvelous Mechanical Museum , a coin-operated game arcade / museum of oddities in Farmington Hills , Michigan , claims that the replica on display there is Barnum 's replica .
[ 2 ]
The Farmer 's Museum booklet about its artifact used to tease the public by citing an authority who questioned the conclusion that it was a fraud .
References
. Cardiff Giant . .
Joe Nicklell .
" Cardiff's Giant Hoax " Skeptical Inquirer Volume 33 , Issue 3 ; May / June 2009 ; Page 60
This artist 's conception shows the newly discovered planet , which orbits a red dwarf star 40 light years from Earth .
(( David A. Aguilar / Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ) )
Astronomers using small , off - the - shelf telescopes in Arizona have found a planet orbiting a red dwarf star 40 light years away .
The planet is about 6.5 times heavier than Earth and nearly three times its diameter , making it a so - called super - Earth .
The newly discovered planet orbits a red dwarf star , called GJ1214 , once every 38 hours at a distance of two million kilometres .
By comparison , the closest planet to our sun , Mercury , orbits at an average distance of 58 million kilometres and completes a circuit of the sun once every 88 days .
Although the planet is so close to its star , its surface temperature is no hotter than a preheated oven because its star is so small and relatively cool .
" Being so close to its host star , the planet must have a surface temperature of about 200 C , " said David Charbonneau , lead author of the paper reporting the discovery .
' This appears to be a waterworld '
That 's too hot for liquid water but , paradoxically , the planet is probably mostly composed of water ice and other ices , astronomers say .
Researchers believe that 75 per cent of the planet 's core could be composed of ice , some of it in the form of Ice VII , an exotic form of water ice that exists only under high pressure .
The rest of the planet is probably silicon and iron , they said .
" Despite its hot temperature , this appears to be a waterworld , " said Zachory Berta , a graduate student at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ( CfA ) .
" It is much smaller , cooler , and more Earth - like than any other known exoplanet . "
Astronomers found the planet by watching a list of 2,000 nearby red dwarf stars for changes in their brightness resulting from planets partially eclipsing our view of the star .
The smallest planet detected outside our solar system , called Corot - 7b , was also found using this method .
The two planets are the only super - Earths for which scientists know both the mass and diameter .
But while Corot - 7b is an extremely hot , rocky planet , this newly found planet could have an atmosphere , the astronomers said .
Bigger than expected
When the researchers measured the radius of the planet by watching it pass in front of its star and compared it to theoretical models of planet formation , they found that it is bigger than expected .
The researchers said this could be the result of an atmosphere 200 kilometres thick partially blocking light from the star .
These eight 16 - inch telescopes at the F. L. Whipple Observatory on Mt. Hopkins in Arizona were used to find the exoplanet .
( ( Dan Brocious / Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ) )
" This atmosphere is much thicker than that of the Earth , so the high pressure and absence of light would rule out life as we know it , but these conditions are still very interesting , as they could allow for some complex chemistry to take place , " said Charbonneau .
The planet was found by astronomers at an Arizona - based observatory called MEarth , which uses an array of eight telescopes , each one a 41 - centimetre - diameter model that costs about as much as a new luxury car .
All the telescopes are attached to a single charge - coupled device , or CCD , similar to those found in digital cameras .
" Since we found the super - Earth using a small ground - based telescope , this means that anyone else with a similar telescope and a good CCD camera can detect it , too .
Students around the world can now study this super - Earth , " said Charbonneau , head of the MEarth project .
New video from the top of the world 's tallest building has been published on the internet .
The footage was taken by the firm responsible for cleaning the windows of Burj Dubai , which stands more than 800 metres tall .
Kasia Madera reports .
video courtesy www.ImreSolt.com
The parade of classic rockers amping up halftime at the Super Bowl will continue this year with one of the biggest names in the game .
According to SI.com , sources say British legends the Who will take the stage at Superbowl XLIV in Miami on February 7 , marking their first trip to the big show for the band 's first North American gig in two years .
If the rumor is true , [ artist id = " 1159 " ] the Who [ / artist ] — which now consists of only two original members , main songwriter / guitarist / singer Pete Townshend and singer Roger Daltrey — would follow in the footsteps of such recent rock luminaries as Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band , Paul McCartney and Prince , who have played the coveted gig in recent years .
The Who's U.K. spokesperson Julian Stockton neither confirmed nor denied the booking to MTV News , writing in an e-mail , " Am afraid at this point we know nothing about it . "
And the NFL told Sports Illustrated , " When we have something to announce , we 'll announce it . "
Traditionally the most - watched TV event of the year , the Super Bowl halftime gig is considered one of the most coveted in all of entertainment , with a variety of A - list acts filling the spot in the past , from Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers to the Rolling Stones and U2 , Aerosmith , Britney Spears and , famously , Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson in 2004 .
According to Billboard.com , Townshend and Daltrey are working on new material for the follow - up to the band 's 2006 album , Endless Wire .
Townshend has also discussed another parallel project he 's working on , a new concept album / musical called Floss .
Neither project currently has a release date .
The Library of Babel for graffiti blackbooks .
# 000000 , - adjective
The hexadecimal representation of black , commonly used in mathematics and computer science .
black book , - noun
" A graffiti artist 's sketchbook .
Often used to sketch out and plan potential graffiti , and to collect tags from other writers . "
~ Wikipedia
# 000000 book is an open repository for sharing and archiving motion captured graffiti tags .
Tags are saved as digital text files known as GML ( Graffiti Markup Language ) , which can be captured through freely available software such as Graffiti Analyisis ( marker ) , DustTag ( iPhone ) , EyeWriter ( eye movement ) and Laser Tag ( laser ) .
Graffiti writers are invited to capture and share their own tags , and computer programmers are invited to create new applications and visualizations of the resulting data .
The project aims to bring together two seemingly disparate communities that share an interest hacking systems , whether found in code or in the city .
The GML & # 000000 book development team consists of Jamie Wilkinson , Evan Roth , Theodore Watson , Chris Sugrue and Todd Vanderlin ; all members of the copyleft F.A.T. Lab .
Additional Flash development assistance from Manolis Perrakis .
Contact - info[at] 000000book.com
For more technical information on 000000 book please visit the API / docs page .
Volume 8 , No. 7 - October 1998 FOCUS : Theory and its Discontents
Table of contents for this issue COVER STORY Enjoy Your Zizek !
An Excitable Slovenian Philosopher Examines The Obscene Practices Of Everyday Life -- Including His Own
By Robert S. Boynton
AMID THE BUSTLE OF Tony Blair 's Britain , the tradition of the afternoon tea is one of the last remaining traces of the country 's genteel past .
There are few places that conjure up that past better than the oak - paneled King 's Bar Loung e at the Hotel Russell , a fading Victorian pile that sits on the edge of Bloomsbury , only a few short blocks from the British Museum .
On a drizzly summer afternoon , I sink into one of the Lounge 's overstuffed leather chairs , feeling as if I were being tra nsported back to an earlier , more leisurely era--far from " cool Britannia " and debates over the future of the euro .
The spell is abruptly broken , however , by the sudden , agitated entrance of the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek , who is in town to delive r a series of lectures at the British Film Institute .
" We must have the most fanatically precise English tea , " Zizek insists , gesticulating dramatically in the style of a European dictator .
" Everything must be exactly the way the English do it : clotted cream , cucumber sandwiches , scones .
It must be the mo st radically English experience possible ! "
Bearded , disheveled , and loud , Zizek looks like central casting 's pick for the role of Eastern European Intellectual .
Newspapers are lowered and conversations stop as a skittish waiter shows us to a small table in the far corner of the room .
Barely pau sing to sit down , Zizek launches into a monologue so learned and amusing that it could very well appear -- verbatim -- in one of the many books he has written about the obscene rules that sustain our supposedly civilized social practices .
With lightning speed , he moves from the decline of British culture ( " They took perfectly good tea , added milk , and made it look like filthy dishwater ! " ) to Hollywood ( " Brad Pitt 's Seven Years in Tibet - - a terrible movie ! " ) to the Tibetan legal system ( " a process of for malized bribery where opposing parties bid against each other in a ritualized auction -- I absolutely love this ! " ) .
Zizek talks exactly as he writes , in a nonstop pastiche of Hegelian philosophy , Marxist dialectics , and Lacanian jargon leavened with references to film noir , dirty jokes , and pop culture ephemera .
" Discussing Hegel and Lacan is like breathing for Slav oj .
I 've seen him talk about theory for four hours straight without flagging , " says UC - Berkeley 's Judith Butler .
When not mediated by the printed page , however , the obsessive - compulsive quality that makes his hyperkinetic prose so exhilarating is somewhat overwhelming -- even , evidently , for Zizek himself .
Popping the occasional Xanax to settle his nerves , he tells me about his heart problems and frequent panic attacks .
As his eyes dart around the room and his manic monologue becomes more frantic , I fear th at I may be his last interviewer .
Zizek is like a performance artist who is terrified of abandoning the stage ; once he starts talking , he seems unable to stop .
" You must be much crueler , more brutal with me ! " he pleads , even as he speeds his pace to preve nt me from cutting him off .
" You should never enter a sadomasochistic relationship , " he scolds , a sly smile peeking out from his bushy beard .
" You would n't whip your partner hard enough ! "
When the waiter returns , Zizek finally pauses , studies the menu , and orders a pot of mint tea and a plate of sugar cookies .
Mint tea and cookies ?
What about our " radical " English experience ?
" Oh , I can't drink anything stronger than herbal tea in the a fternoon , " he says meekly .
" Caffeine makes me too nervous . "
FOR ZIZEK , a conversation -- whatever the topic -- is an exercise in self - contradiction .
When he thinks you are beginning to get a handle on his motives or desires , he pulls an about - face , insists he does n't mean anything he has just said , that his own views are the exact opposite .
His contrariness is famous , and as a writer it has generally served him well -- helping to earn him a reputation as a dazzlingly acute thinker and prose stylist and to win him a cult following among American grad uate students .
In person , however , it seems that Zizek 's contrariness is at least partly an uncontrollable compulsion .
And yet his manipulations and subterfuges are so entertaining , and his intellect so stimulating , that it is far wiser to surrender witho ut a fight than to try to trump him at his game .
Later that evening , I have an opportunity to watch Zizek 's mesmerizing oratorical skills in action at the Museum of the Moving Image , where he gives a standing - room - only lecture on the erotic forces at play in science fiction .
The audience is a diverse group , with hip , nose - ring - studded film theorists jostling for seats with graying , tweedy academics .
Beforehand , I find Zizek pacing madly outside the auditorium , and he confides to me that this week 's panic attacks have been so severe he nearly canceled tonight 's engagement .
A few minutes into his talk , however , he is fine ; his emotional anxiety is quickly transformed into a blur of theoretical intensity .
By the time his two - week - long lecture series is completed , he has offered a succession of Lacanian interpretations -- accompanied by visuals -- of Titanic , Deep Impact , The Abyss , several works by Hitchcock and David Lynch , and even an episode of Oprah ( with Slovene subtitles ) .
At one point , he gleefully fast - forwards over a portion of Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris , explaining that despite its theoretical value it is quite a dull film .
" For me , life exists only insofar as I can theorize i t , " he confesses .
" I can be bored to death by a movie , but if you give me a good theory , I will gladly erase the past in an Orwellian fashion and claim that I have always enjoyed it ! "
It is a bravura performance , replete with Zizek 's trademark synthesis o f philosophical verve and rhetorical playfulness -- an intellectual style that recently led Terry Eagleton to describe him in The London Review of Books as " the most formidably brilliant exponent of psychoanalysis , indeed of cultural theory in genera l , to have emerged in Europe for some decades . "
Of course , many readers are likely to feel disoriented by Zizek 's fast - paced , densely associative writing , as well as by his reliance on the difficult notions of a notorious French psychoanalyst .
Zizek 's chief intellectual hero , Jacques Lacan , is a man whom recent critics have portrayed as an eccentric tyrant who may have perpetrated a grand intellectual hoax on his followers .
But Zizek 's appeal is due , in part , to his considerable ease with two subjects that most disciples of Lacan disregard : popular culture and politics .
In much of his work , Zizek employs familiar concepts from the psychoanalytic and Lacanian lexicon -- projection , inversion , the Real and the Symbolic -- to explore the ideological contradictions of contemporary life .
In books like Enj oy Your Symptom ! , Looking Awry , The Plague of Fantasies , and Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Lacan ( But Were Afraid to Ask Hitchcock ) , he offers provocative , and always lively , readings of everything from Patricia Highsmith novels to the resurgence of nationalism in Eastern Europe .
Politically savvy and deeply rational , Zizek 's Lacan is a far cry from the abstruse guru of indeterminancy invoked by American literary theorists .
In his writing , Zizek militates against the " distorted picture of Lacan as belonging to the field of ' pos t- structuralism . ' "
Rather , he argues that Lacan offers " perhaps the most radical contemporary version of the Enlightenment . "
Zizek 's Lacanian defense of the Enlightenment distinguishes him from many contemporary theorists .
Indeed , the enormous popularity of Zizek 's best - known book , The Sublime Object of Ideology ( Verso , 1989 ) , may owe something to the fact that it off ers an alternative to two entrenched and antithetical bodies of contemporary thought : the French postmodernists ' skepticism about the Enlightenment ideals of universality , truth , reason , and progress , and the German theorist Jürgen Habermas 's attempt to vindicate those ideals with his theory of " communicative rationality . "
While Foucault and Derrida dissolve the human subject in a sea of discursive indeterminacy and historical contingency , Habermas 's defense of reason ultimately rests on a vision of the individual as an ethical actor in a functional community .
Zizek is sympathetic to many of Habermas 's aims , but he offers a more complex psychoanalytic account of human thinking and desiring .
Unlike Habermas , he assumes that communities are constitutively dysfunctional and that the human subject is always divi ded against itself by contradictory desires and identifications .
And the rationalist project must proceed from the recognition of these fundamental truths .
The thrill of reading Zizek ( who , as a stylist , no one would ever confuse with the turgid Habermas ) arises in part from the collision between the insanity he finds everywhere in our psychic and social lives and the rigorous clarity with which he anatomizes its workings .
" He has almost single - handedly revived a dynamically dialectical , Hegelian , style o f thinking , " says Eric Santner , a professor of Germanic studies at the University of Chicago .
" I think of him as a sort of ' logician of culture ' who reveals the underlying structures of politics and ideology in much the way Kant did . "
If Zizek 's is not a household name in academe , this is not due to a lack of effort on his part .
His ability to compose his books in English ( parts of them are subsequently translated into Slovene ) has so hastened his pace of publication that his variou s English - language publishers must occasionally scramble to keep him from flooding the market .
No less than a dozen titles have appeared under his name since 1989 , including several essay collections in the separate book series he edits for Verso and for Duke University Press .
And 1999 will be a big year -- even for Zizek Inc. Blackwell is publishing The Zizek Reader , and Verso is publishing The Ticklish Subject .
Advertised as his magnum opus , The Ticklish Subject may be his most focuse d and most political book to date .
Taking on contemporary intellectual bugaboos -- from political correctness to multiculturalism -- Zizek argues for a radical politics that will be unafraid to make sweeping claims in the name of a universal human subject .
" A spectre is haunting Western academia , " he writes , " the spectre of the Cartesian subject . "
MANY OF ZIZEK'S distinguishing marks -- his passion for psychoanalytic inversions , his fascination with Western popular culture , his resistance to the cynical logic of depoliticization -- can be traced to the paradoxes of growing up unde r Yugloslav socialism .
Born in Ljubljana , Slovenia , in 1949 , Zizek was the son of devout communists who grew increasingly disenchanted .
He had a difficult relationship with his father , who wanted him to become an economist .
Instead , Zizek divided his atte ntion between reading philosophy and watching movies .
Access to Western movies was easy because of a tradition requiring that movie companies deposit a copy of each film they distributed with the archives of regional universities .
" The cinematheque theate r was a miracle for us , " remembers Zizek .
" We were able to see unlimited Hollywood movies and European art films -- one or two a day , five days a week . "
Despite its relatively liberal cultural and political policies , Zizek argues , Tito 's Yugoslavia produced a more repressive ( though subtly so ) brand of ideology than the other Eastern - bloc countries .
While Czechoslovakian or Polish authorities made no s ecret of their authoritarian tactics , the more permissive Yugoslavian communists sent out mixed signals about what was and was not permitted , thereby fostering an unusually effective , because at least partially self - regulating , system of censorship .
By wa y of example , Zizek tells the story of a Slovenian book publisher in the fairly tolerant late 1970s who wanted to collect some of the best - known Soviet dissident writing .
" The party line fluctuated so much that the Central Committee of the League of Slove ne Communists was terrified of committing itself one way or the other , " Zizek explains .
" So the members said , ' Wait a minute , you are yourself free to decide what to publish ' -- which was the really Kafkaesque situation .
At least with Polish censorship , it was a strict bureaucracy , which would negotiate , reach a compromise , and give you a final decision .
This would have been paradise for us !
The nightmare of Yugoslavia was that you could n't get a clear answer from anyone about anything . "
The young Zizek was attracted to ideas that were relatively uncontaminated by ruling ideologies .
After completing his undergraduate studies in 1971 , Zizek wrote a four - hundred - page master 's thesis called " The Theoretical and Practical Relevance of Fren ch Structuralism , " which canvassed the work of Lacan , Derrida , Kristeva , Lévi-Strauss and Deleuze .
Initially , Zizek was promised a university position .
But when the evaluating committee judged his thesis insufficiently Marxist , the job went to anot her , less qualified candidate .
" Slavoj was so charismatic and brilliant they were afraid to allow him to teach at the university lest he become the reigning sovereign at the department of philosophy and influence students , " says the Lacanian social philos opher Mladen Dolar , who was also a graduate student at the time .
Zizek was devastated by this slight and spent the next several years virtually unemployed , supporting himself by translating philosophy from the German and living off his parents .
In 1977 , some of his former professors used their connections to win him a job at the Central Committee of the League of Slovene Communists , where , apart from assisting with occasional speeches ( in which he would insert covertly subversive comments ) , Zizek was left alone to do his own philosophical work :
The philosopher whose unreliable politics prevented him from teaching was now helping to write propaganda for the leaders of Slovenia 's Communist Party .
Zizek still revels in the irony .
" I would write philosophy papers and then deliver them at international conferences in Ita ly and France - - trips that were paid for by the Central Committee ! "
If Yugoslavian socialism produced a thoroughly cynical citizenry , a country of people who understood that the last thing the regime desired was for them to believe too ardently in the official principles of communism , this , argues Zizek , was ideology a t its most effective .
" The paradox of the regime was that if people were to take their ideology seriously it would effectively destroy the system , " he says .
In his account , cynicism and apathy are explanations not for the regime 's failure but , perversely , for its success .
" The conventional wisdom is that socialism was a failure because , instead of creating a ' New Man , ' it produced a country of cynics who believed that the system is corrupt , politics is a horror , and that only private happiness is possible , " he argues .
" But my point is this : Perhaps depoliticization was the true aim of socialist education ?
This was surely the daily experience of my youth . "
To counter this depoliticization , Zizek banded together with the Ljubljana Lacanians , a tightknit group of Slovenian scholars that included Mladen Dolar , Alenka Zupancic , Miran Bozovic , Zdravko Kobe , and Zizek 's wife , Renata Salecl .
In their hands , Fre nch psychoanalysis acquired an often highly comic cast .
The group took over a journal , Problemi , and founded a book publishing series , Analecta ; inspired by Lacan 's roots in the French surrealist movement ( he was friends with André Breton an d Salvador Dalí ) , they used these outlets to perpetrate several literary hoaxes .
Articles in Problemi were frequently written under pseudonyms or left unsigned , in parodic imitation of Stalinist practice .
Zizek once wrote a pseudonymous revi ew attacking one of his own books on Lacan .
On another occasion , Problemi published a fictional roundtable discussion of feminism in which Zizek played the boorish interlocutor , posing provocative questions to nonexistent participants .
( Later , in < I > Enjoy Your Symptom ! , Zizek continued to engage in literary hoaxes with an essay on the films of Roberto Rossellini -- none of which he had seen . )
With the regime 's aversion to Lacan on the rise , Zizek sensed a wonderful opportunity for mischief ; writi ng in a widely read academic journal , Anthropos , under an assumed name , he published a deliberately clumsy attack on an imaginary book that allegedly detailed why Lacan 's theories were wrong .
The next day bookstores across Ljubljana received reques ts for the title .
In 1981 , Zizek spent a year in Paris , where he met some of the thinkers whose work he had been so avidly consuming .
He would return often .
In 1982 , however , Lacan died and his mantle passed to his son - in - law , Jacques - Alain Miller - - a man who would play an important role in Zizek 's career .
A former student of Althusser 's , Miller had impressed Lacan with the coherence he brought to the master 's sprawling theoretical system .
While many Lacanians accuse Miller of simplifying Lacan ( perish the thought ! ) , oth ers believe that Lacan 's posthumous reputation would not have grown without Miller 's ordering influence .
A shrewd political operator , Miller was eager to expand the Lacanian empire farther than its progenitor had ever imagined .
Miller taught two classes i n Paris : one that was open to anyone , and an exclusive , thirty - student seminar at the École de la Cause Freudienne in which he examined the works of Lacan page by page .
After a brief interview , Zizek and Dolar were invited to attend this latter cla ss .
" Miller took enormous interest in us because we came from Yugoslavia , " Dolar remembers .
" We had been publishing Lacan in Problemi and Analecta for years , and he was grateful for that .
He thinks very strategically and did n't have anyone else est ablished in Eastern Europe .
To him , we were the last stronghold of Western culture on the eastern front . "
Zizek 's Paris years , although intellectually stimulating , were not very happy .
Thanks to Miller , who got him a coveted teaching fellowship , he was able to stay in Paris and write a second dissertation , a Lacanian reading of Hegel , Marx , and Saul Kripke , portions of which would later become The Sublime Object of Ideology .
But his first marriage , to a fellow Slovenian philosophy graduate student , had just ended , and there were times he felt he was on the brink of committing suicide .
His meager sti pend barely kept him alive .
He was a ripe if reluctant candidate for psychoanalysis , and there were many days , he says , when he skipped meals in order to pay for treatment .
In addition to being Zizek 's teacher , adviser , and sponsor , Jacques - Alain Miller became his analyst as well .
While familiarity between analyst and analysand is discouraged by Freudians , it was not unusual for Lacanians to socialize with their patients .
Lacan 's most controversial psychoanalytic innovation , however , was the variable , or " short , " session through which he tried to combat a patient 's resistance by introducing an element of discontinuity into the therapeutic process .
In contrast to Freud 's f ifty - minute " hour , " Lacan 's sessions ended the moment he sensed the patient had uttered an important word or phrase - - a break that might occur in fifteen minutes or less .
Miller had fine - tuned the logic of therapy to the point that few sessions lasted more than ten minutes .
" To be in analysis with Miller was to step into a divine , predestined universe , " says Zizek .
" He was a totally arbitrary despot .
He would say , come back tomorrow at exactly 4:55 , but this did n't mean anything !
I would arrive at 4:55 and would find a dozen people waiting . "
One goal of the variable session is to keep a patient from preparing material ahead of time .
In this respect , Lacanian psychoanalysis met its match in Zizek .
" It was my strict rule , my sole ethical principle , to lie consistently : to invent all symptoms , fabricate all dreams , " he reports of his treatment .
" It was obsessional neurosis in its absolute purest form .
Because you never knew how long it would last , I was always prepared for at least two sessions .
I have this incredible fear of what I might dis cover if I really went into analysis .
What if I lost my frenetic theoretical desire ?
What if I turned into a common person ? "
Eventually , Zizek claims , he had Miller completely taken in by his charade : " Once I knew what aroused his interest , I invented eve n more complicated scenarios and dreams .
One involved the Bette Davis movie All About Eve. Miller 's daughter is named Eve , so I told him that I had dreamed about going to a movie with Bette Davis in it .
I planned every detail so that when I finishe d he announced grandly , ' This was your revenge against me ! ' "
As the head of the main Lacanian publishing house , Miller was in a position to turn Zizek 's doctoral dissertation into a book .
So , when not presenting his fabricated dreams and fantasies , Zizek would transform his sessions into de facto academic semina rs to impress Miller with his keen intellect .
Although Zizek successfully defended his dissertation in front of Miller , he learned after the defense that Miller did not intend to publish his thesis in book form .
The following night he had his first panic attack , which had all the symptoms of a heart attack .
Eventually , he placed the manuscript with the publishing house of a rival Lacanian faction .
Before Zizek began shuttling between Paris and Ljubljana , his professional prospects had already taken a turn for the better .
He was still unable to hold a university position , but in 1979 some friends intervened and got him a job as a researcher at th e Institute for Sociology .
Given its social science orientation , Zizek was not allowed to do philosophy ; instead , he announced that he would do research on the formation of Slovenian national identity .
" I did the transcendental trick and said that althoug h the long - term project is on Slovene nationalism , I must first sketch the conceptual structure of nationalism , " he says .
" Unfortunately , this ' clarification ' has now gone on for two decades . "
The job was a blessing in disguise .
Once Zizek made his peace with the social scientists , he discovered that he was free to write , with none of the bureaucratic and pedagogical burdens of a Western academic .
In essence , he is on permanent sabbatical . "
Every three years I write a research proposal .
Then I subdivide it into three one - sentence paragraphs , which I call my yearly projects .
At the end of each year I change the research proposal 's future - tense verbs into the past tense and then call it my fin al report , " he explains .
Because the institute 's budget depends on how much its members publish , Zizek -- who publishes more work in international publications than everyone else combined -- is left completely alone .
" With total freedom , I am a total workahol ic , " he says .
Total freedom also allowed Zizek to play a role in Slovenian politics .
Although not a full - fledged activist , he was intimately involved in the movement that helped hasten the end of Yugoslavian socialism .
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , Zizek was a popular newspaper columnist for the weekly Mladina and helped found the Liberal Democratic Party , which opposes both communism and right - wing nationalism and has stressed feminist and environmental issues .
In 1990 , he even ran for a seat on the fou r-member collective Slovenian presidency ( he finished fifth ) .
As Slovenia achieved a mostly peaceful independence , Zizek wrote frequently about the bloody conflicts nearby .
And when the Liberal Democrats came to power in 1992 , he found himself in the odd position of being an intellectual who was n't marginalized .
Zizek is quite proud of the " dirty deals " and compromises made by his party .
" I despise abstract leftists who do n't want to touch power because it is corrupting , " he says .
" No , power is there to b e grabbed .
I do n't have any problem with that . "
THE DAY AFTER Zizek 's lecture , he and his wife , Renata Salecl , meet me for lunch at a cozy Greek café just down the block from their London hotel .
An attractive woman with a round face and short blond hair , Salecl is as calm an d deliberate as Zizek is nervous and neurotic .
Zizek , who claims he lacks the social graces to attend cocktail parties or schmooze with scholars and politicians , says that he relies on her to navigate the shoals of the outside world .
She buys his clothes ( " For me , shopping is like masturbating in public , " he says ) , negotiates their teaching deals , and generally keeps him from having a nervous breakdown .
Her first book , Discipline as a Condition of Freedom ( which was recently staged as a ballet ) , wa s a Foucault - inspired analysis of communist Yugoslavia .
" Nobody believed in the rules , but they nevertheless kept following them obediently , and I wanted to know why , " she explains .
She has spent the morning at the offices of Verso , which will be publishi ng her book [ Per] versions of Love & Hate this fall .
Together , she and Zizek have mastered the intricacies of American academic politics and established a congenial teaching ritual that keeps them in the United States for one semester every year .
Recently , they have held positions at Columbia , Princeton , Tulane , University of Minnesota , Cardozo Law School , and the New School for Social Research ; this fall , they are teaching at the University of Michigan .
The duo has refined the process to a science .
Each university must provide teaching positions , office s , and accommodations for both of them and agree that they will each teach one two - month course , consisting of one lecture per week on whatever subject they happen to be writing about .
In addition to his U.S. pay , Zizek receives a full salary from his ins titute in Ljubljana .
" When people ask me why I do n't teach permanently in the United States , I tell them that it is because American universities have this very strange , eccentric idea that you must work for your salary , " Zizek says .
" I prefer to do the o pposite and not work for my salary ! "
Zizek has developed an elaborate set of psychological tricks to manipulate his American students and enable him to have as little contact with them as possible .
At the first meeting of each course , he announces that all students will get an A and shoul d write a final paper only if they want to .
" I terrorize them by creating a situation where they have no excuse for giving me a paper unless they think it is really good .
This scares them so much , that out of forty students , I will get only a few papers , " he says .
" And I get away with this because they attribute it to my ' European eccentricity . ' "
Zizek says that he deals with student inquiries in a similar spirit .
" I understand I have to take questions during my lectures , since this is America and everybody is allowed to talk about everything .
But when it comes to office hours , I have perfected a whole set of strategies for how to block this , " he says with a smirk .
" The real trick , however , is to minimize their access to me and simultaneously appear to be even more democratic ! "
Initially , Zizek scheduled office hours immediately before class so that students could not run on indefinitely .
Then he came up with the idea of requiring them to submit a written question in advance , on the assumption that most would be too lazy to do it ( they were ) .
Zizek reserves what he calls " the nasty strategy " fo r large lecture classes in which the students often do n't know one another .
" I divide the time into six twenty - minute periods and then fill in the slots with invented names .
That way the students think that all the hours are full and I can disappear , " he explains .
UNDERGRADUATES ARE APT to be tolerant of their professors ' idiosyncracies , but Zizek may have less luck hiding from critics when The Ticklish Subject is published this winter .
Just as he once saw socialist Yugoslavia as a count ry that had been cynically depoliticized by its leaders , so Zizek now believes that conservatives , liberals , and radicals have effectively stamped out genuine politics in the West .
The modern era , he argues , is decidedly " post- political . "
Instead of polit ics , he writes , we have a largely conflict - free " collaboration of enlightened technocrats ( economists , public opinion specialists ... ) and liberal multiculturalists " who negotiate a series of compromises that pose as -- but fail to reflect -- a " universal cons ensus . "
Blair 's New Labourites and Clinton 's New Democrats are only the most recent depoliticized political parties to have made " the art of the possible " their modest mantra .
Zizek also charges that sexual and ethnic identity politics " fits perfectly the depo liticized notion of society in which every particular group is ëaccounted for , ' has its specific status ( of a victim ) acknowledged through affirmative action or other measures destined to guarantee social justice . "
In satisfying grievances through pr ograms targeted to specific groups , such as affirmative action , the tolerant liberal establishment prevents the emergence of a genuinely universal -- and in Zizek 's definition , properly political - - impulse .
For Zizek , all successful ideologies function the same way .
If American - style consumer capitalism has replaced Yugoslavian Marxism as the antagonist , the battle is still the same : to create the conditions for what he calls " politics proper , " a vaguely defined , but deeply heroic and inherently universalist impulse , in which a given social order and its power interests are destabilized and overthrown .
" Authentic politics is the art of the impossible , " he writes .
" It changes the very parameters of what is considered ' possible ' in the existing constellation . "
This is a noble vision , but when Zizek turns to history , he finds only fleeting examples of genuine politics in action : in ancient Athens ; in the proclamations of the Third Estate during the French Revolution ; in the Polish Solidarity movement ; and in the last , heady days of the East German Republic before the Wall came down and the crowds stopped chanting " Wir sind das Volk " ( " We are the people ! " ) and began chanting " Wir sind ein Volk " ( " We are a / one people ! " ) .
The shift from defi nite to indefinite article , writes Zizek , marked " the closure of the momentary authentic political opening , the reappropriation of the democratic impetus by the thrust towards reunification of Germany , which meant rejoining Western Germany 's liberal - capit alist police / political order . "
In articulating his political credo , Zizek attempts to synthesize three unlikely -- perhaps incompatible -- sources : Lacan 's notion of the subject as a " pure void " that is " radically out of joint " with the world , Marx 's political economy , and St. Paul 's co nviction that universal truth is the only force capable of recognizing the needs of the particular .
Zizek is fond of calling himself a " Pauline materialist , " and he admires St. Paul 's muscular vision .
He believes that the post - political deadlock can be br oken only by a gesture that undermines " capitalist globalization from the standpoint of universal truth in the same way that Pauline Christianity did to the Roman global empire . "
He adds : " My dream is to combine an extremely dark , pessimistic belief that life is basically horrible and contingent , with a revolutionary social attitude . "
AS PHILOSOPHY , Zizek 's argument is breathtaking , but as social prescription , " dream " may be an apt word .
The only way to combat the dominance of global capitalism , he argues , is through a " direct socialization of the productive proces s " -- an agenda that is unlikely to play well in Slovenia , which is now enjoying many of the fruits of Western consumer capitalism .
When pressed to specify what controlling the productive process might look like , Zizek admits he does n't know , although he fe els certain that an alternative to capitalism will emerge and that the public debate must be opened up to include subjects like control over genetic engineering .
Like many who call for a return to the primacy of economics , Zizek has only the most tenuous grasp of the subject .
What then are we to make of Zizek 's eloquent plea for a return to politics ?
Is it just another self - undermining gesture ?
In part it is , but that may be the point .
The blissful freedom of the utopian political moment is something , he believes , we all de sire .
But so too , he would acknowlege , do we desire ideologies and institutions .
And these contradictory impulses - - toward liberation and constraint -- are not only political .
A central tenet of Lacanian psychoanalysis is that the push and pull of anarchic d esires and inhibiting defense mechanisms structure the psychic life of the individual .
And why should n't this same dialectic characterize Zizek 's own intellectual life , which has been devoted to proclaiming the universal relevance of Lacan 's ideas ?
" Do not forget that with me everything is the opposite of what it seems , " he says .
" Deep down I am very conservative ; I just play at this subversive stuff .
My most secret dream is to write an old - fashioned , multivolume theological tract on Lacanian the ory in the style of Aquinas .
I would examine each of Lacan 's theories in a completely dogmatic way , considering the arguments for and against each statement and then offering a commentary .
I would be happiest if I could be a monk in my cell , with nothing to do but write my Summa Lacaniana . "
But would n't that be lonely ?
Once again , Zizek qualifies his qualification .
" Okay , maybe not a solitary monk .
I could be a monk with a woman . "
Robert S. Boynton is a contributing editor of The New Yorker .
His article , " The Bernaliad , " appeared in the November 1996 issue of LF .
Get the full story :
all of Lingua Franca , delivered right to your door , at a special price .
Visit " the best web site in the world " ( Observer , UK ) for a daily digest of the best writing on the web .
Discussions with the lending syndicate , which was originally led by Deutsche Bank and Bank of America Merrill Lynch , are understood to have been ongoing for the past few weeks .
Other brands within HIT including Bob the Builder , Angelina Ballerina and Barney the Dinosaur are not considered nearly as valuable as Thomas , which is considered to have timeless appeal .
Sources close to the situation claim Disney is interested in making an approach to acquire Thomas , which reports have said is already being lined up for a feature film release in 2011 .
We ’re pleased to announce that Firefox is now available for Nokia ’s Maemo platform .
Starting today , Nokia N900 owners can enjoy many of the same Firefox features they know and love on the desktop on their mobile device .
Bringing Firefox to mobile devices is the next step toward fulfilling Mozilla ’s mission of providing one Web that everyone can access , regardless of device or location .
Secure , powerful , and customizable , Firefox is the most modern mobile Web browser available and is optimized for a mobile experience .
Key design principles are at the heart of the mobile browsing experience including minimal typing , seamless synchronization with desktop Firefox and the ability to take your Firefox with you , to name a few .
Firefox for mobile is packed with your favorite features , including :
Awesome Bar –
Go to your favorite sites in just a couple of keystrokes with intelligent and personalized searching
Weave Sync – Sync your Firefox tabs , history , bookmarks and passwords between your desktop and mobile device for a seamless browsing experience
Add-ons – Customize your Firefox by adding small pieces of functionality , like games and news readers , that help make the mobile Web browser your own
Location - Aware Browsing – Get maps and information relevant to your location
Tabbed browsing – View open tabs as thumbnails to easily identify and select the Web page you ’d like to go to next
Safe Browsing – Get an Instant Web Site ID and easily access and edit security settings
Available in more than 30 languages and counting
Firefox is the first mobile Web browser to support add - ons .
With add - ons , you can customize your Firefox by adding features that help make your browser your own .
Add - ons like AdBlock Plus , URL Fixer , Twitter Bar , language translators , and geo guides become especially handy when you ’re out and about on your mobile device .
You can both discover and install add - ons directly from your Nokia N900 .
There are currently more than 40 Firefox add - ons available for mobile and the number is growing every day .
We strongly recommend that you install the YouTube Enabler add - on from within the Add- ons Manager .
Tap on the install button , restart Firefox , and you ’re all set to watch YouTube videos .
Just as Firefox does for the desktop , Firefox for mobile provides a platform for developers to create rich applications .
Developers can use the latest
Web technologies like HTML5 , CSS and JavaScript to improve , modify and customize the browser .
Visit the Develop for mobile page to learn more .
Firefox is currently supported on Nokia ’s Maemo5 platform and is available for download on the Nokia N900 .
Users can download and learn more by visiting Firefox.com / mobile .
Visit the FAQ for more information .
This is an exciting entrance into the mobile ecosystem and Firefox for Maemo5 is just the beginning – look out for lots more to come from Firefox for mobile this year .
Whether its paint , photography , or any art form , the medium an artist chooses has always been a central part to executing their vision .
Jim Victor has made his choice and an interesting one at that : Butter .
See more of work by Jim Victor Tweet
We ’re very excited to announce the official release of xmonad 0.9 !
We think this is a great release .
You can download xmonad 0.9 from Hackage or from your package system .
And if you ’re using the previous version of xmonad , you can upgrade on the fly — without losing your session .
xmonad is a leading tiling window manager , known for its lightness , reliability , extensibility and efficiency .
It supports true multiheaded tiling , and rich , rapid customisation .
It is also highly portable , running on regular desktops , laptops , netbooks , phones , game consoles , the OLPC , and more .
More info
The xmonad release announcement is here .
We also have a guide to frequently asked questions , a great keybindings reference , and a list of what ’s new since 0.8 .
And see Tombuntu ’s guide to xmonad .
Headlines
Some of the highlights of the 0.9 release include :
Actions .
SpawnOn : windows go to the workspace they were launched on , even if you ’re no longer viewing that workspace .
Especially handy for slow - starting apps like firefox .
Actions .
GridSelect : graphically go to , select and do things with windows , workspaces , prompts , …
Focus changes across screens with mouse movement , no longer requiring a click .
New –restart command line flag to restart a running xmonad process .
Supports for multi-module local configuration files
Support for user - defined X event handling
xmonad comes with 180 extensions for enhancing functionality
Over 3000 commits have been made to the project .
Information , screenshots , documentation , tutorials and community resources are available from the xmonad home page .
And you can follow us on twitter .
Recently by Peter Schiff : The Truth Behind China ’s Currency Peg
Although Barack Obama has refrained , at least for now , from delivering triumphant speeches in a naval flight suit , there is nevertheless a strong tone of accomplishment emanating from the President and his deputies .
Over the weekend , top White House economic adviser Lawrence Summers even pronounced that the recession is now over .
Without hedging his bets , Summers declared that thanks to the Obama Administration ’s wise stewardship , economic stimuli , and emergency bailouts , another Great Depression , set up by the prior Administration , had been narrowly averted .
Summers saw no impediments to the return of sustainable growth .
He may as well have delivered these remarks from the deck of an aircraft carrier .
I hate to shoot down these high - flying expectations , but the economy is not improving .
All that has changed is that we are now more indebted to foreign creditors , with even less to show for it .
Washington ’s current policies have once again deferred the fundamental , market - driven reforms needed to redirect us onto a sustainable path .
Instead , through aggressive monetary and fiscal stimuli , we are trying to re-inflate a balloon that is full of holes .
This was the Bush Administration ’s exact response to the 2002 recession .
It ’s shocking how few observers note the repeating pattern , especially the fact that each crash is worse than the last .
The Little Book of Bul ... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 0.05 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Obama ’s claim of success largely derives from the slowing tally of job losses , the seemingly renewed strength in the financial system , the pickup in home sales and home prices , and the positive GDP figures .
But these u201Cachievements u201D fall apart under close examination .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
First , a closer look at the jobs numbers shows that employment improved in sectors that benefited most directly from monetary or fiscal stimulus : government , healthcare , financial services , education and retail sales .
Meanwhile , sectors such as manufacturing continued to shed jobs at an alarming rate .
These dynamics actually exacerbate our economic imbalances .
Recent trade deficit figures ( in which the deficit - reduction trend of early 2009 has sharply reversed ) show how this employment growth is preventing needed rebalancing .
Essentially , the Administration is nurturing firms that cannot survive without subsidies and support .
Once stimulus is removed , the saved  jobs will be among the first to go .
If the President has not figured this out yet , I am sure Fed Chairman Bernanke has .
As a result , the market should discount as pure bluff any claims from the Fed about an eventual exit strategy  from current stimuli .
Such an exit would bring about Bernanke ’s greatest fear — spiking unemployment .
Second , major investment and commercial banks are not back on their feet , but remain fundamentally insolvent .
Their current business model of risk - free speculation depends upon the maintenance of government backstops , the continued availability of cheap money from the Fed , and the use of accounting gimmicks that allow them to conceal losses behind phony assumptions .
Third , while it is true that home prices have stopped falling , this represents failure , not victory .
True success would be a drop in home prices to a level that homebuyers could actually afford .
Instead , we have maintained artificially high prices with tax credits , subsidized mortgage rates , low down payments , and foreclosure relief .
With 96 % of new mortgages now insured by federal agencies , market forces have been completely removed from the housing equation .
With so many government programs specifically designed to maintain artificially high home prices , devastating long - term consequences for our economy are inevitable .
Crash Proof 2.0 : How t... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 1.50 Buy New $ 3.97 ( as of 10:46 EST - Details )
Finally , it is true that the GDP yardstick shows an economy returning to growth .
However , as I have often repeated , this measure has deep flaws that render it almost useless for judging the soundness of an economy .
Currently , the figures are merely reporting increasing indebtedness as growth .
Using GDP as the main financial indicator is equivalent to judging a man ’s success by the cost of his house , car , and wristwatch .
Rather than gauging income , these figures merely indicate a level of spending and have nothing to do with earning power .
Obamanomics : How Barac ...
Carney , Timothy P. Best Price : $ 3.00 Buy New $ 6.50 ( as of 04:50 EST - Details )
Paul Volcker , the only independent voice in the Administration , has not been deceived by his colleagues ’ sunny claims .
He recently noted that our economy still evidences too much consumption , too much spending relative to our capacity to invest and export and that the problem is involved with the financial crisis but in a way [ is ] more difficult than the financial crisis because it reflects the basic structure of the economy .
Yet , President Obama has chosen not to address these concerns .
As Summers and Obama like to point out , the vast majority of economists take it on faith that , with the right finesse , the stimulus can be withdrawn without pushing the economy back into recession .
But based on the distortive effects of stimuli and bailouts , our economy has adapted to a climate where cheap credit is not only plentiful but critical .
Eventually , the cheap credit will dry up .
Not because the Fed decides it should , but because our foreign creditors stop lending .
When that happens , this Administration will look as clueless about economics as the last one was about the pitfalls of nation - building .
But for now , the chattering classes believe strong government action has delivered us from calamity .
For them , at least , it ’s mission accomplished ! 
The Best of Peter Schiff
( Image : Michael Kelley / Getty )
The VASIMR ion engine could – if powered by an onboard nuclear reactor – take astronauts to Mars in just 39 days ( Illustration : Ad Astra Rocket Company )
The Bussard ramjet would ionise interstellar hydrogen and then collect it using an electromagentic field for use as fuel .
In this illustration , an onboard laser heats the ionised gas ; the laser could be used to trigger fusion pulses for propulsion ( Image : NASA - MSFC )
Solar sails can pick up a lot of speed , thanks to the constant pressure from sunlight .
In the future , they might be able to traverse the solar system in the span of just a few years ( Illustration : Rick Sternbach / Planetary Society )
Positively charged wires extending from a spacecraft would repel the heavy positive ions in the solar wind ( Illustration : Allt om vetenskap/alltomvetenskap.se )
Wormholes are distortions in the fabric of space that can link two distant locations , sucking in objects at one end and spitting them out at the other ( Illustration : NASA / Les Bossinas )
In 1961 , Yuri Gagarin became the first human being to reach outer space .
Eight years later , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin made it to the surface of the moon .
And that is as far as any of us has ventured .
Advertisement
Apart from the mundane problems of budgets and political will , the major roadblock is that our dominant space - flight technology – chemically fuelled rockets – just is n’t up to the distances involved .
We can send robot probes to the outer planets , but they take years to get there .
And as for visiting other stars , forget it .
As an example of why , the Apollo 10 moon probe is currently listed as the fastest manned vehicle in history , having reached a maximum speed of 39,895 kilometres per hour .
At this speed , it would take 120,000 years to cover the 4 light years to Alpha Centauri , the nearest star system .
So if we want to explore the depths of deep space and journey to Alpha Centauri and beyond , we ’re going to need some new technologies .
Here , we look at 10 of the most intriguing .
The technologies range widely in their plausibility .
Some , we could more or less build tomorrow if we wanted to , while others may well be fundamentally impossible .
Ion thruster
Conventional rockets work by shooting gases out of their rear exhausts at high speeds , thus generating thrust .
Ion thrusters use the same principle , but instead of blasting out hot gases , they shoot out a beam of electrically charged particles , or ions .
They provide quite a weak thrust , but crucially they use far less fuel than a rocket to get the same amount of thrust .
Providing they can be made to keep working steadily for a long time , they could eventually accelerate a craft to high speeds .
They have already been used on several spacecraft , such as Japan ’s Hayabusa probe and Europe ’s SMART - 1 lunar mission , and the technology has been improving steadily .
A particularly promising variant is the variable specific impulse magnetoplasma rocket ( VASIMR ) .
This works on a slightly different principle to other ion thrusters , which accelerate the ions using a strong electric field .
Instead , VASIMR uses a radio - frequency generator , rather like the transmitters used to broadcast radio shows , to heat ions to 1 million °C .
It does this by taking advantage of the fact that in a strong magnetic field , like those produced by the superconducting magnets in the engine , ions spin at a fixed frequency .
The radio - frequency generator is then tuned to that frequency , injecting extra energy into the ions and massively increasing the thrust .
Initial tests have been promising , and if all goes well , VASIMR could be used to take humans to Mars in 39 days ( see illustration ) .
Plausibility : just a few years away
Nuclear pulse propulsion
If some of the ideas here strike you as a little unlikely , this one will seem downright reckless .
The notion here is to power your spacecraft by periodically throwing a nuclear bomb out of the back and setting it off .
Nuclear pulse propulsion was studied seriously by the US government ’s military technology agency DARPA , under the code name Project Orion .
The aim was to come up with a design for rapid interplanetary travel .
The design DARPA came up with was huge even by today ’s standards , and was built to be a giant shock absorber , with heavy radiation shielding to protect the passengers .
It seemed workable , but there were concerns about fallout if it was launched in the atmosphere as planned .
The project was eventually dropped in the 1960s when the first nuclear test bans came into force .
Despite these worries , the Orion design remains one that could be built using existing technology , and some researchers are still coming up with new approaches to nuclear pulse propulsion .
Theoretically , a nuclear - bomb - powered ship could reach up to 10 per cent of the speed of light , allowing a journey to the nearest star in about 40 years .
Plausibility : perfectly possible , if a tad hazardous
Fusion rocket
Nuclear pulse propulsion is far from the only space - flight technology that depends on nuclear power .
For instance , nuclear rockets could use the heat from an onboard fission reactor to expel gases , providing thrust .
But in terms of power , these pale in comparison to fusion rockets .
Nuclear fusion , in which the nuclei of atoms are forced to join together , could produce vast amounts of energy .
Most designs for fusion reactors drive the reaction by confining the fuel in a magnetic field , using a device called a tokamak .
Unfortunately , tokamaks are prohibitively heavy , so designs for fusion rockets tend to focus on another method of triggering fusion , called inertial confinement fusion .
This design replaces the tokamak ’s magnetic fields with high - powered energy beams , usually lasers .
These blast a small pellet of fuel so intensely that the outer layers explode .
This in turn crushes the inner layers , triggering fusion .
Magnetic fields could then direct the resulting hot plasma out of the back of a spacecraft .
Hey presto : a fusion rocket .
Fusion rockets of this type were famously explored in the 1970s by the British Interplanetary Society in its Project Daedalus .
They were the basis for a craft that could travel to another star within 50 years – a journey time that a human could reasonably be expected to survive .
There is just one fly in the ointment : despite decades of work , we still do not have a working fusion reactor .
Plausibility : possible , but a few decades away at best
Bussard ramjet
All rockets , including fusion rockets , have the same fundamental problem .
To get more acceleration , you need to carry more fuel , which makes your craft heavier , reducing your acceleration .
If you are serious about interstellar travel , you need to avoid carrying any fuel at all .
The Bussard ramjet , suggested by physicist Robert Bussard in 1960 , neatly solves this problem .
It is a fusion rocket as described above but , rather than carrying its supply of nuclear fuel , it ionises hydrogen from the surrounding space , then sucks it in using a huge “ electromagnetic field ” scoop ( see illustration ) .
One problem for the ramjet , other than the aforementioned lack of a working fusion reactor , is the sheer size of the electromagnetic field required .
Because there is so little hydrogen ( or anything else , for that matter ) in interstellar space , the field might have to be hundreds or even thousands of kilometres across .
One possible “ cheat ” is to pre-launch the ramjet ’s fuel from Earth on a carefully calculated trajectory , so that the craft could pick it up without the need for a huge electromagnetic field .
However , this would mean that the ramjet could not deviate from its planned course , and would also make round trips to other stars rather difficult .
Plausibility : huge technical challenge
Solar sail
This is another technology that dispenses with the problem of carrying fuel and could therefore reach extremely high speeds – though it would take its time to do so .
Just as conventional sails pick up energy from the winds of Earth ’s atmosphere , solar sails pick up energy from light streaming from the sun ( see illustration ) .
They have been successfully tested in vacuum chambers on Earth , but attempts to test them in orbit have been plagued by misfortune .
For instance , in 2005 , the independent Planetary Society , based in Pasadena , California , sent up a craft called Cosmos 1 , but the rocket carrying it into space failed and crashed .
Another mission called NanoSail - D was also lost because of rocket failure .
Teething problems notwithstanding , solar sails remain a very promising technology – at least for travel within the solar system , where the sun ’s light provides the strongest push .
Humans may weigh too much to use them for interstellar travel anytime soon .
Plausibility : completely possible but limited
Magnetic sail
A variant on the solar sail , the magnetic sail is pushed by the solar wind rather than by light .
The solar wind is a stream of charged particles that have their own magnetic field .
One idea is to simply surround a spacecraft with a magnetic field that repels that of the solar wind , thereby propelling the craft out of the solar system .
This could be accomplished by “ inflating ” a small initial field with plasma , like a balloon .
Another variant is the “ space spiderweb “ , which uses positively charged wires extending from the spacecraft to repel the heavy positive ions in the solar wind ( see illustration ) .
Magnetic sails , or similar technologies , can also be used to surf the magnetic fields of planets , enabling the spacecraft to change orbit and even escape to interplanetary space .
However , on their own , solar and magnetic sails are no good for interstellar travel .
As they get farther from the sun , the intensity of sunlight and of the solar wind drop sharply .
As a result , they cannot achieve the speeds necessary to travel to other stars .
Plausibility : local trips only
Beam - powered propulsion
Or can they ?
If the sun does n’t supply enough energy to push an interstellar craft to really high speeds , maybe we can do it ourselves , by sending a powerful beam of energy into space .
One such technology is laser ablation , in which a metal plate on the craft is gradually vaporised by an intense laser that is beamed from the ground .
The metal vapour provides thrust .
Similarly , physicist and science - fiction author Gregory Benford and his brother James have proposed equipping a spaceship with a solar sail covered with a specially formulated paint .
A microwave beam from Earth would boil off molecules from the paint , again generating thrust .
This could make interplanetary trips go faster .
Another version that could be used to get around the solar system is magnetised beamed plasma propulsion , in which a craft with a magnetic sail is boosted by a beam of ions .
When it comes to interstellar travel , the best approach may be a laser - pushed light sail .
First proposed by Robert Forward in a 1984 paper , this is just like a solar sail that is pushed along by light – but it is driven along by an intense laser .
Beam - powered propulsion poses several key challenges .
The beam must be focused accurately over huge distances , the craft must be able to use almost all of the supplied energy without losses , and the beam - generating equipment needs to be enormously powerful – in some cases , the amount of energy needed is greater than human civilisation ’s total current energy output .
Plausibility : extremely challenging
Alcubierre drive
This is essentially the warp drive from Star Trek .
It was first proposed in 1994 by Miguel Alcubierre , a physicist working at the University of Wales in Cardiff .
The drive would use as - yet - undiscovered stuff called “ exotic matter ” : particles that have a negative mass and exert a negative pressure .
This could distort space - time , causing the space ahead of the spaceship to contract and that behind it to expand .
The ship , cocooned in a “ warp bubble ” , could effectively travel faster than light without breaking the laws of relativity .
Unfortunately , the Alcubierre drive has a host of problems .
For one thing , the amount of energy needed to sustain the warp is greater than the total energy of the universe , although modifications to the shape of the bubble might help .
The drive would also kick up a lot of radiation , which would threaten the astronauts ’ lives .
And there is no evidence that exotic matter even exists .
Perhaps crucially , calculations published in 2002 showed that it would be impossible for the ship to send signals to the front of the bubble , meaning that crew members could not control , steer or stop the ship .
In fact , it seems that no matter how much energy is available , it would be physically impossible to generate the warp bubble .
Plausibility : apparently impossible
Wormholes
Ever since Einstein ’s theory of general relativity became widely accepted , it has been clear that it seems to allow for the existence of wormholes : tunnel - like shortcuts across space and time ( see illustration ) .
The term was coined by the quantum physicist John Wheeler , who also came up with the term “ black hole ” .
The question is , do they really exist ?
And if they do , could we ever travel through them ?
Sadly , the answers to both questions may well be “ no ” .
For a wormhole to exist , it would have to be stabilised by the same sort of exotic matter as found in an Alcubierre drive ( see above ) – and it may be that no such stuff exists .
Furthermore , any matter or energy that entered a wormhole would immediately cause it to close up – though it may be possible to hold the wormhole open with a strange negative energy field called ghost radiation .
Nevertheless , a different type of wormhole , put forward by physicist Serguei Krasnikov in the 1990s , could be traversible .
Krasnikov ’s version is self - sustaining , as it produces its own exotic matter to hold itself open .
There is another significant objection to the idea of wormholes .
If they could be used to transport matter across space , they could also be used to create a kind of time machine .
This would violate the laws of cause and effect .
Plausibility : almost certainly impossible
Bonus technology : Hyperspace
If the universe has more spatial dimensions than the three we observe , it may be possible to drive a spacecraft through them , perhaps at extreme speeds .
However , this idea depends on the work of an obscure physicist called Burkhard Heim , whose ideas have never passed peer review and are dismissed by most modern physicists as largely incomprehensible .
And if that is n’t enough , we reported recently on two more theoretical technologies : dark matter rockets and black hole starships .
Section 3 of the Agent Orange Act of 1991 , referred to in subsecs .
( b ) ( 2 ) and ( c ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , is section 3 of Pub . L. 102–4 , which is set out below .
Amendments
2001 — Pub . L. 107–103 , § 201( c ) ( 2 ) ( A ) , amended section catchline generally .
Prior to amendment , catchline read as follows : “ Presumptions of service connection for diseases associated with exposure to certain herbicide agents ” .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 2 ) ( F ) .
Pub. L. 107–103 , § 201( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , struck out “ within 30 years after the last date on which the veteran performed active military , naval , or air service in the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on , and ending on ” before period at end .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 2 ) ( H ) .
Pub. L. 107–103 , § 201 ( b ) , added subpar . ( H ) .
Subsec. ( a ) ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) . Pub. L. 107–103 , § 201( c ) ( 1 ) ( B ) , redesignated par .
( 4 ) as ( 3 ) .
Former par . ( 3 ) redesignated as subsec . ( f ) .
Subsec. ( e ) . Pub. L. 107–103 , § 201(d ) ( 1 ) , substituted “ on ” for “ 10 years after the first day of the fiscal year in which the National Academy of Sciences transmits to the Secretary the first report under section 3 of the Agent Orange Act of 1991 ” .
Subsec . ( f ) . Pub. L. 107–103 , § 201( c ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , ( C ) , redesignated subsec .
( a ) ( 3 ) as ( f ) , substituted “ For purposes of establishing service connection for a disability or death resulting from exposure to a herbicide agent , including a presumption of service - connection under this section , a veteran ” for “ For the purposes of this subsection , a veteran ” , and struck out “ and has a disease referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) ( B ) of this subsection ” after “ , ” .
2000 — Subsec . ( a ) ( 2 ) ( F ) .
Pub. L. 106–419 inserted “ of disability ” after “ to a degree ” .
1996 — Subsec . ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) .
Pub. L. 104–275 , § 505 ( b ) ( 2 ) , substituted “ during the period beginning on , and ending on ” for “ during the Vietnam era ” .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) .
Pub. L. 104–275 , § 505 ( b ) ( 1 ) , substituted “ during the period beginning on , and ending on , ” for “ during the Vietnam era ” .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 2 ) ( C ) , ( E ) , ( F ) . Pub. L. 104–275 , § 505 ( b ) ( 2 ) , substituted “ during the period beginning on , and ending on ” for “ during the Vietnam era ” .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 3 ) .
Pub. L. 104–275 , § 505 ( b ) ( 1 ) , substituted “ during the period beginning on , and ending on , ” for “ during the Vietnam era ” .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 4 ) .
Pub. L. 104–275 , § 505 ( b ) ( 2 ) , substituted “ during the period beginning on , and ending on ” for “ during the Vietnam era ” .
1994 — Subsec . ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) .
Pub. L. 103–446 , § 1201(e ) ( 6 ) , substituted “ ( i ) ” for “ ( 1 ) ” and “ ( ii ) ” for “ ( 2 ) ” .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 2 ) ( D ) to ( G ) . Pub. L. 103–446 , § 505 , added subpars .
( D ) to ( G ) .
1991 — Pub . L. 102–83 , § 5 ( a ) , renumbered section 316 of this title as this section .
Subsec . ( a ) ( 1 ) .
Pub. L. 102–83 , § 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , substituted “ 1110 ” for “ 310 ” and “ 1113 ” for “ 313 ” in introductory provisions .
Mitchell Krog
Offline
 
: Off
p.1 # 1 · p.1 # 1 · Centaur Rocket Jet Fuel Dump
Hi All ( Mods please move to a different gallery if this is not appropriate but I can find no other gallery suitable )
On Sunday 18th October 2009 I was out shooting a lightning storm and turned around and noticed a strange shape in the sky .
Having watched the night skies my whole life I knew this was something out of the ordinary and I immediately swiveled the camera 180 degrees away from the storm and started capturing images of this anomaly .
I took a total of 13 images but have posted only 3 here .
The next morning I processed the images and sent them out to various astronomer friends and got back a reply quite quickly explaining what I had seen and captured .
These images are of a Centaur rocket fired earlier in the day from VanDerBergh Airforce Base in California carrying a payload of a US military weather satellite .
At the time the rocket and satellite appeared over South Africa the rocket dumped excess fuel creating these beautiful glowing halo 's you see in these images .
A number of UFO lovers have refuted the explanation and choose to believe it was a UFO , I kind hoped it was one myself but the explanation and all the data I have seen is quite plausible .
These images were featured front page on South Africa 's biggest news paper and on the front page of the biggest online paper news 24.com .
The images have circled the globe a few times already and I am still being bombarded with enquiries for their usage on talks , displays , books , newsletters and more .
A number of people tried to photograph the event , most ending up with blurry images , I was luckily in the right place , the right time and have quite a bit of experience with astrophotography and it seems I 'm the only one who captured crystal clear images of this .
From the time I first saw it to the time I took my last shot was around 6 minutes , I did not have any time to scratch my head on this one .
The manufacturers of the rocket have also been forwarded my images and are equally in awe .
Being an event that is not often something we see in the night skies I thought FM members would enjoy seeing them .
To answer a question that has been posed to me a few times in the last 2 days .
The images are NOT manipulated , they came out of camera with the blue tinge , to the naked eye they were more whitish but I know from past experience with astrophotography that what the camera sees and what our eyes see , especially at night , differs substantially .
Kind Regards
Mitch
It seems to me that we ’ve seen a lot more candid sex pictures since the invention of digital flash photography .
Whatever festival parking lot these folks were caught in , I ’ll bet it was dark and seemed private enough , until that brilliant flash went off :
From alt .
binaries .
pictures .
erotica .
voyeurism .
Similar Sex Blogging :
From a recent gallup poll :
This Christmas season , 78 % of Americans identify with some form of Christian religion , a proportion that has been declining in recent decades .
The major reason for this decline has been an increase in the percentage of Americans claiming no religious identity , now at 13 % of all adults .
… I might be naive of course .
Just because more Americans abdicate from fairy tales of talking snakes , virgin births , or a Jewish zombie sent to earth by his father who was really himself , does n’t mean they are not choosing some other blind ideologies , such as socialism , belief in government , etc .
In the long run , reason will prevail .
But the long run is , by definition , long …
Related Posts :
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y . -- Chan Gailey 's second chance to prove himself as an NFL head coach comes with plenty of challenges .
The Buffalo Bills team he 's taking over has n't made the playoffs in a decade and its fans have been clamoring for Bill Cowher during a coaching search that seemed to take forever .
Instead of landing one of the big - name coaches with loaded résumés such as Cowher or Mike Shanahan , Gailey -- who coached the Dallas Cowboys for two less - than - inspiring seasons -- was introduced Tuesday as the 15th head coach in Bills history -- and fifth in 10 years .
" I can't say anything to change anybody 's mind .
All I can do is go try to help us win football games , " Gailey said .
" We win football games , everybody 's minds will be changed , right ? "
Gailey was hired by first - time general manager Buddy Nix , ending a two - month search to replace Dick Jauron , who was fired in November .
He takes over a Bills team coming off its fifth straight losing season following a 6 - 10 finish , and in the midst of a 10 - year playoff drought that is tied with Detroit as the longest active streak in the NFL .
" I 've been around enough winning programs ... that when I walk on the field I expect to win .
I do n't just hope to win , " Gailey said .
" But the bottom line is we 've got to do it on the field "
Gailey has spent 15 of his 35 years of coaching in the NFL .
In his two years coaching the Dallas Cowboys , he went 18 - 14 and led the team to consecutive playoff appearances -- both losses .
He was dismissed after the 1999 season , and Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has acknowledged his mistake in firing Gailey .
For Nix , it was Gailey 's extensive experience that impressed him and met most of the criteria the GM set out when he took over the search two weeks ago .
Nix was eager to find someone with previous head - coaching experience and who had an offensive background .
Anonymous , a porn addict , is a longtime Deadspin reader and commenter who will soon enter the same sex-rehabilitation facility where Tiger Woods is reportedly receiving treatment .
Here , Anonymous explains his own addiction and why Tiger 's treatment is no PR ploy .
Advertisement
In a few weeks , I 'll fly down to Mississippi and check into Gentle Path , the rehab clinic where the bearded , hoodie - wearing ghost of Tiger Woods was recently spotted .
My loved ones say this trip is going to change me for the best , but let 's face it : I 'm going to miss the hell out of porn .
I 've been a porn addict for 10 years .
Though I was suffering , I could never really define " addiction " until I took a two - question intake quiz at my therapist 's office .
Advertisement
1 . Does this behavior interfere with your everyday life in a negative way ?
2 . Have you tried to stop on your own , but can't ?
If you answer yes to both those questions , you 're essentially an addict .
So what 's my main problem , anyway ?
Unlike Tiger , I have limited access to VIP hostesses .
Instead , my thing is porn , and " behavior that affects my everyday life " can loosely be described as all - night jerk - off binges that wreck me physically and emotionally .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Binges all start the same way — with a trigger .
It could be stress at work , it could be the simple sight of a hot woman walking down the street and not returning my glance .
Actually , the stress of writing this very story makes me want to look right now .
The upshot is that in short order my chest feels tight , I 'm short of breath , and I think of nothing else but how long until I can start looking at porn .
I 'll make excuses to friends , move the phone out of earshot , lower my blinds , and sit at the computer .
From there , my ritual demands that I start daring myself not to look .
I 'll check a celebrity blog for nip - slips , telling myself it does n't count as porn .
But by then , it 's too late .
I 'm already in the binge .
I 'll usually open a few different browser tabs and hit the sites I like best .
By now , I 'm so far gone in my addiction that your average penis - in - vagina scenes , even by the grimy gonzo standards of internet porn , may as well be Victorian courting rituals .
My favorite message board features only the most hardcore , exploitative , gang - bangiest , piss - drinkingest , public - floggingest scenes you could imagine , and then some .
A few months back I horrifyingly noticed myself jerking off to video of a Japanese girl being penetrated with cockroaches .
A real girl , not animated .
Chuck Klosterman once wrote that some of the more extreme online stuff is about as sexy as watching someone get hit in the face with a frying pan , and he 's right , though I do n't usually get to the invertebrate smut until the fourth or fifth hour of my sessions .
Advertisement
I 've confessed my addiction to friends who wonder if their rubbing one out for 20 minutes a day counts , and let me tell you , you have no fucking idea how lucky you are you can do that .
I sit frozen in space during a binge , watching the hours tick away in fast - forward on my monitor clock .
My average all - nighter goes from 10 p.m. until dawn if I 'm lucky enough to break away , cum in the sink , shower , and nap for an hour before work .
But often I 'll go until the last possible second without being late for my job , then spend the day consuming energy drinks and jamming Visine into my bloodshot eyes .
I sometimes used to not jizz after a long session , which would leave me pissing and leaking little bits of cum for days .
In my mind , if I was n't ejaculating , it did n't really count as a binge .
That 's how fucked up this thing is .
The physical consequences of this are the worst .
Anyone who doubts there is such a thing as sex or porn addiction should ask me why I keep bingeing even though my arm feels like it 's going to fall off , my scalp tingles for days afterward , and my knee is sore from being locked in place all night .
Have you ever met someone who jerked off so much it fucked up his knee ?
That 's me , motherfuckers .
The longest I ever went was 26 hours .
Fittingly , it was on Yom Kippur , and I did indeed spend the day in serious devotion to my highest power , except that power featured a great deal of double - penetration .
Ever jack off for 26 hours ?
You 're talking at least three - quarters of a bottle of lube — that shit just seems to evaporate after an hour or two .
I have no idea where it goes , but I always need more .
Advertisement
And holy shit , believe me , I 've tried to stop it .
I 've installed filtering software , thrown away modems , canceled my pay - per - view service more times than I can count .
But it never works .
My current software sends a report of every site I visit to my girlfriend , but I found a way to partition my hard drive and install a new operating system , just to look at porn .
I could have cured cancer by now with the same level of craftiness .
I can't even tell you how many days I 've wasted on this .
Last year , the physical exhaustion and crippling remorse from my constant debauchery made me consider suicide more than once , and eventually my therapist suggested Gentle Path .
If that 's where Tiger is now , believe me , they would n't have accepted him if his intake interview did n't reveal serious problems and a real desire to change .
This is n't any kind of PR ploy on his part .
At least I hope not .
The clinic 's intake people were understanding and full of Southern politeness , asking what my main problem was and how often I " acted out . "
That 's a weird rehab term , and this process is full of them .
" Acting out " is anything that brings sexual pleasure — jerking off , sex , looking at porn , going to strip clubs , etc. , and they 're all part of the " abstinence " or " celibacy " contracts you sign as part of your recovery ( I 've broken about five in the past year — my therapist no longer bothers with them ) .
The point of a 45 - or 90 - day abstinence period ( my personal record is 21 ) is to dry out sexually , for lack of a better term .
To break the addictive cravings inside .
Advertisement
Once the check clears , I 'll be set .
We just did the financials , and this will cost my family many thousands of dollars .
But they 've been amazingly supportive ever since I told them about this last fall — 10 years of hiding and concealing my problem having become simply too much to bear .
There 's a reason Gentle Path offers " shame reduction " treatment :
The overwhelming embarrassment this causes leads us to isolate and lead double lives — intensifying our addictions .
If anything , I hope the Tiger paparazzi sideshow will at least bring sex addiction more into the open , if it does n't make it as cool and glamorous as cocaine abuse .
So in March , I 'll be down there .
My boss has a vague idea of what 's wrong with me , and I 'll tell him more soon .
My biggest fear is relapsing the moment I 'm done , or messing up my " aftercare " and winding right back where I started .
In treatment , they teach you to see your addiction as a faithful yet toxic friend you 've gotta break up with .
I 'll probably have to write a Dear John letter to it in rehab ( fuck you for laughing ) .
Porn has been that friend for as long as I can remember , and nothing I 've tried so far has ever broken us up for good .
It will be painful , but if I never see another vomiting Brazilian porn star again , I 'll be a happy man .
Advertisement
There it is in a nutshell , a dispatch from the front lines of sex addiction .
Cheating with 12 mistresses or hours - long porn binges are n't just " guys being guys , " and rehab is n't a place to go ' cause you 're sorry you got caught .
It 's a place to go when you 're desperate to salvage a decent life for yourself , away from your enslavement to the next high .
RELATED : A Return From Gentle Path : The Humiliation Of A Sex Addict In Rehab
Exoplanetary Thoughts for 2010
Several stories stick in my mind as we approach the New Year , presented here in no particular order , but merely as material for musing .
The detection ( by the MEarth Project ) of a transiting ‘ super - Earth ’ this past month opens up interesting areas for speculation .
Gliese 1214b is roughly 6.5 times as massive as Earth , orbiting an M - dwarf some forty light years from our Solar System .
You ’ll recall we discussed this one in terms of possible study of its atmosphere .
Abundant Small Worlds
On the always interesting systemic site , Greg Laughlin notes that the orbital period of this planet is a mere 1.58 days .
In fact , the planet is separated from the system barycenter by 0.014 AU , which turns out to be the smallest separation yet measured for any planet .
What stands out here is the density of the red dwarf .
Says Laughlin : “ Gliese 1214 is more than twice as dense as lead .
The density of the Sun , on the other hand , is bubblegum by comparison . ”
The result : a planet / star separation that is n’t quite as tight as it seems , a reminder of just how tiny M - dwarfs really are .
Here ’s Greg ’s diagram of the system :
But what I want to focus on is what Gliese 1214b implies .
In the recent post , Greg goes on to say :
Gliese 1214b lies at enough stellar radii from Gliese 1214 that its a - priori transit probability was only about 7 % .
The Mearth survey currently covers only ~2000 stars , and so the fact that the discovery was made so quickly was probably not luck , but rather points to the existence of a very large number of low - mass planets orbiting small stars .
Indeed , and recent trends tell us we ’ll be learning a good deal more about such worlds .
The MEarth Project reminds us of the viability of continuing transit surveys that will look for true Earth analogs around low - mass M- dwarfs .
Is 2010 the year we ’ll find such a world ?
The potential is there , but it ’s also true that in addition to transits , our radial - velocity capabilities are being sharpened all the time .
And then , of course , we have space - based missions like Kepler and CoRoT , the results of which should enliven the coming year .
Charting Nearby Brown Dwarfs
More musings :
The recently launched WISE ( Wide - Field Infrared Survey Explorer ) satellite has jettisoned its protective cover .
Up next for the 40 - centimeter telescope and four infrared detector arrays is the adjustment of the spacecraft to match the rate of the onboard scanning mirror , which allows WISE to counteract the spacecraft ’s motion to take ‘ freeze - frame ’ snapshots of the sky every eleven seconds , totaling some 7500 images per day .
Image :
This is the central region of the Milky Way Galaxy as viewed in infrared light .
The image is a composite of mid-infrared imagery from the MSX satellite and near - infrared imagery from the 2MASS survey .
WISE images will be similar in quality .
Credit : WISE / MSX / 2MASS .
WISE begins its infrared survey in mid-January , and we ’ll see ‘ first - light ’ images released to the public in about a month , after the telescope has been fully calibrated .
Again we think in terms of significant discoveries within the next year , for in addition to WISE ’s detection of asteroids and distant , dusty galaxies , the spacecraft has the ability to detect nearby brown dwarfs in numbers beyond anything we ’ve been able to achieve before .
WISE has a primary mission lasting nine months , ending when its coolant evaporates , but it ’s possible that may be long enough to spot a brown dwarf closer than Alpha Centauri .
At any rate , our brown dwarf catalog should be beefed up considerably .
Planetary Formation from Another Epoch
Further afield , New Scientist offers a brief comment on the work of Erin Mentuch ( University of Toronto ) , whose analysis of the light from 88 remote galaxies , emitted when the universe was between a quarter and a half of its current age , shows what appears to be the signature of circumstellar disks .
From the article :
The galaxies ’ light output peaks at two distinct wavelengths .
One represents the combined light of a galaxy ’s stars ; the other , at longer wavelengths , comes from the glow of its interstellar dust .
In each case , Mentuch noticed a faint third component between the two peaks .
Whatever produces this light is too cold to be stars and too warm to be dust .
The most likely source is circumstellar discs – embryonic solar systems around young stars .
“ It ’s the most surprising result I ’ve ever worked on , ” says Roberto Abraham , who collaborated with Mentuch .
Perhaps not as surprising as all that , given that it fits our current model of abundant planetary formation , but useful in that it may help us get a handle on planet formation in an earlier stage of the universe ’s existence .
Whatever that result , we enter 2010 with great anticipation of data that may change our map of nearby space and add substantially to our catalog of exoplanets , some of which may well be similar to the Earth .
From Kepler , CoRoT and WISE to sharpened detection methods here on Earth , the golden age of planetary detection continues and , if we ’re lucky , 2010 may just be the year we find a planet around Centauri A or B .
Plenty to muse upon in all this , and plenty of excitement building for the New Year .
We ’ve been locked out of the UH Facebook page for a few years now ( and Facebook wo n’t do anything to help … imagine that ) so we decided to say hello to Ello .
Find us​ there and on Twitter as @unhappyhipsters .
If you ’re into Instagram , we ’re at @unhappyhipstersgram .
And of course here on Tumblr ( our true love ) .
If there are other places that you want UH to post on , feel free to email unhappyhipsters at gmail .
xoxo ,
UH
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
12/10/2009
This Uganda thing is getting scary .
Like wake up in night sweats , fearful for your life scary .
by Jeremy Hooper
Bob Emrich was one of the most major forces behind the " yes on 1 " campaign in Maine .
Bob Emrich , in an emailed message to supporters , is now lending credence to ( / physically supporting ? ) the Uganda " kill gays " bill :
From : Bob Emrich <
Date : Wed , 9 Dec 2009 11:03:09 - 0500
To : <
Subject : from Uganda to Maine
Maine Jeremiah Project
P.O. Box 62 , Plymouth , Maine ,
I have just recently returned from two weeks in Uganda , ministering the Word among village pastors and Churches .
It was a refreshing change of pace from the last year spent on the “ marriage referendum ” .
My trip to Uganda took me away from email , cell phones and the internet ( also from electricity , running water , etc. ) .
But I was able to see the Spirit of God working apart from the many distractions that we are faced with every day in Maine .
I visited almost 20 remote villages and spent time with the believers .
One of the common sentiments expressed there was that “ in order to have a healthy village , there must be a strong and healthy church ” .
That is one of the important lessons we have been learning here as well .
We will have more to say about that later .
But as I work my way back into ministry here at Emmanuel Bible Baptist Church ( Plymouth ) and with the Maine Jeremiah Project , I wanted to share the following article I found in Uganda ’s largest daily newspaper .
I had tucked it into my journal and found it yesterday as I reviewed some of my scribbling .
I think it speaks for itself , but I hope you will wonder , as I do , where our own culture lost its way .
God bless ,
Bob Emrich
Maine Jeremiah Project
------ Forwarded MessageFrom : Bob Emrich < [ email protected ]
Date : Wed , 9 Dec 2009 11:03:09 - 0500
To : < [ email protected ]
Subject : from Uganda to MaineMaine Jeremiah ProjectP.O.
Box 62 , Plymouth , Maine , [ email protected ]
I have just recently returned from two weeks in Uganda , ministering the Word among village pastors and Churches .
It was a refreshing change of pace from the last year spent on the “ marriage referendum ” .
My trip to Uganda took me away from email , cell phones and the internet ( also from electricity , running water , etc. ) .
But I was able to see the Spirit of God working apart from the many distractions that we are faced with every day in Maine .
I visited almost 20 remote villages and spent time with the believers .
One of the common sentiments expressed there was that “ in order to have a healthy village , there must be a strong and healthy church ” .
That is one of the important lessons we have been learning here as well .
We will have more to say about that later .
But as I work my way back into ministry here at Emmanuel Bible Baptist Church ( Plymouth ) and with the Maine Jeremiah Project , I wanted to share the following article I found in Uganda ’s largest daily newspaper .
I had tucked it into my journal and found it yesterday as I reviewed some of my scribbling .
I think it speaks for itself , but I hope you will wonder , as I do , where our own culture lost its way .
God bless , Bob EmrichMaine Jeremiah Project
Not every human right is right
Thursday , 26th November , 2009
Ronald Hanyerere
One Sunday morning , I was going to church when I met a lady who was so skimply dressed , one would think she was a sex worker .
I initiated a conversation with her , only to find out , she was going to church .
I sarcastically told her she was smart and God would hear her prayers , but not those of the people who were going to sit near her .
To my surprise , the lady responded with a verbal tirade : “ It is my right to dress the way I want .
Who made you judge over those whose prayers God answers ? ” she shouted .
This whole concept of human rights grates my nerves .
It has made people un -african , mean and self - centered .
One can now shamelessly stand up and tell you : “ I do as I please .
You have no business in my affairs . ”
A sodomist can now swear to you that what they do in the privacy of their bedroom does not concern the public .
No wonder when a brilliant MP comes up with a Bill against homosexuality , the human rights activists baptize him an enemy of the people .
It is high time politicians , religious leaders , cultural leaders and all concerned Africans woke up and defended the African heritage against the moral confusion of Western civilization .
This civilization is eroding African moral pride .
The so - called human rights activists have hijacked the driver ’s seat and are sending nations into the sea of permissiveness in which the Western world has already drowned .
Every evil that has penetrated our society comes disguised as a human right and is watered by a group of elites who have attained education in the West .
These elites have come back to impose on us practices that our forefathers deemed abominable .
You find them holding conferences in five - star hotels and lecture rooms delivering speeches aimed at breaking marriages in the name of human rights activism .
These activists force their unsuspecting disciples into believing that everything the West does is right .
That is why they always refer to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
When the world gets compressed into a small global village in the name of globalization , it does not mean that the African should throw away what belongs to him .
Not every human right is a right , and not every right is a human right .
As Africans , we should defend our heritage even when human rights activists are misleading our society .
___________________________________________
Bob Emrich
www.MaineJeremiahProject.com
< http://www.mainejeremiahproject.com/>
" a brilliant MP comes up with a Bill against homosexuality . "
The bill in question is of course the " kill gays " bill , which , at the time that this article was written , was in its fully heinous form that called for the death penalty and life imprisonment .
That 's the kind of writing that Mr. Emrich sends around to " good , Christian " Mainers ?!?!
Gee .
Guess we should be glad that it 's only our ring fingers that he and his fellows chose to target !
** UPDATE : We requested comment from Bob Emrich .
He denied our request .
** UPDATE2 : We can give credit where it 's due :
It 's so insanely surreal to hear a potential genocide being rationalized in any way , shape , or form .
** UPDATE , 12/11 : Oh ,
It just got so much better !!!!!
Your thoughts
What I find particularly amazing about this is that this issue is getting heat in the mainstream ( ie it 's not just a couple blogs and Rachel Maddow ) , but Bob Emrich decides to send this mass e-mail anyway .
At least the Family members are smart enough to stay silent / gently disavow .
Mr. Emrich has some nerve .
Posted by : DN | Dec 10 , 2009 10:08:09 AM
Interestingly , he 's always been really chatty with me in the past .
But when I asked for comment , I got a one word response .
When I responded , I got a * one letter * response back .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 10 , 2009 10:15:09 AM
One letter response ....
There are a limited number of words that are one letter long and it would n't make sense to respond with " a " or " I " .... Mr. Emrich does n't seem hip enough to do this , but I 'm gonna go out on a limb and guess his one - letter response was " k " .
Posted by : DN | Dec 10 , 2009 11:06:09 AM
What I do n't understand is how Exodus , Emrich , Lively et . al have n't been branded terrorists after doing this .
They 're instigating a situation in a politically volatile country that could result in a number of innocent deaths and the repression of all HIV testing and treatment options .
How is this not terrorism ?!
Posted by : Marcus | Dec 10 , 2009 11:31:15 AM
Bob does n't seem bothered by the fact he is complicit in propagating physical harm ( even death ) against gay Ugandans .
Bob and his ilk are responsible for what is happening in Uganda , and I think they would be thrilled to see similar legislation enacted here in the United States .
Some of the folks who recently signed the Manhattan Declaration are now calling for Uganda to relax its stance on teh gays .
They 're trying to put out a fire they intentionally started , but only because they 're getting burned by the media attention .
Had Rachael Maddow not made this into the shit storm its become , a lot of these Christian moralists would be quietly pleased to watch gay Ugandans jailed or killed .
Posted by : Mark | Dec 10 , 2009 11:33:04 AM
And not to minimize the fact that jailing / executing gays is totally off - the - wall insane , but the revised legislation seems to still have the " if you see something gay ( even in your own family ) and do n't report it , you go to jail for three years . "
Calling something Orwellian is a tired cliche , but that 's exactly what this is .
Posted by : DN | Dec 10 , 2009 11:43:34 AM
Marcus wrote : " What I do n't understand is how Exodus , Emrich , Lively et . al have n't been branded terrorists after doing this .
They 're instigating a situation in a politically volatile country that could result in a number of innocent deaths and the repression of all HIV testing and treatment options .
How is this not terrorism ? ! "
How indeed ?
This is horrifying and in my opinion it is nothing short of terrorism .
I read those letters and felt like locking my door , pushing a chair under the doorknob , and showering to scrub off the crazy and evil .
They are as creepy as anything said by Ted Bundy or Charles Manson .
And these peoples ' words may kill more people than either of those mens ' actions did .
Posted by : Kylyssa Shay | Dec 10 , 2009 1:33:22 PM
Local and national media should be all over this story - can you imagine the outcry were the slaughter of Christians being casually discussed / advocated ?
Posted by : Louise | Dec 10 , 2009 3:39:17 PM
Yes , Louise -- it 's truly startling .
Both the silence and the " ho hum " tone that is being used by the ones who do say something .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 10 , 2009 3:45:22 PM
Why do you think these perverts are called the American Taliban ?
These perverts are drooling at the chance to turn the USA into the UCSA ( United * Christian * States of America ) ?
Posted by : Marlene | Dec 10 , 2009 4:22:11 PM
I sent him a not so carefully worded F bomb letter today voicing my opinion of his hateful rhetoric and christianist psychological abuse and laid the blame for the Uganda bill directly on his shoulders and told him he had blood on his hands for exporting hate .
Posted by : Mykelb | Dec 10 , 2009 4:36:51 PM
How much will you bet that Emrich and Warren are both members of " The Family " cult ?
And you notice how Warrem puts this out on a web video , knowing ( as Emrich mentioned in his missive ) that they scarcely have electricity ( or toilets ) , let alone internet access .
Warren put this drivel up for consumption by an American audience , to act as if he is being proactive , but the nature of his actions belie his true intent .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Dec 10 , 2009 4:52:58 PM
Ca n't wait to hear what Rachel will say about this tonight .
Remember folks we must put pressure on the FAMILY and their ' Annual National Prayer Breakfast ' which will be held to promote this very idea , and President Obama is said to be going , although the Pres of Uganda may be ' uninvited . '
Come on WASH folks we need this BLASTED and some kind of demonstration held .
Posted by : LOrion | Dec 10 , 2009 8:16:06 PM
I 'm in the process of emailing back and forth with him , I 'll let you all know what the upshot is when I hear back from him on my reply to his last email .
Posted by : Ryn | Dec 11 , 2009 2:57:37 AM
The response given to him by that woman was the correct one .
I almost wonder if he thought , " How dare this African woman talk to me , a white American like that . "
We should encourage people to continue to attend church if our goald is save souls , rather than to judge them .
I have a feeling Jesus would have told him the same thing .
The Bible says : " For in the same way you judge others , you will be judged , and with the measure you use , it will be measured to you .
Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother 's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye ?
How can you say to your brother , ‘ Let me take the speck out of your eye ’ when all the time there is a plank in your own eye ?
You hypocrite , first take the plank out of your own eye , and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother 's eye . "
Posted by : Alfonzo | Dec 11 , 2009 3:03:11 PM
So .... what will happen when these Christianists start going after the Jewish people ?
And some other group they despise .
Posted by : Sam | Dec 11 , 2009 6:29:40 PM
How can you not bristle with shock when someone writes " the whole concept of human rights grates on my nerves . "
Wow .
Really ?
Humans having rights bothers you ?
What is the antithesis of human rights ?
Slavery ?
Tyrany ?
The reality that someone actually wrote that sentence seriously is so ludicrious and disgusting ESPECIALLY when you are dragging the Christian religion into this perversion , it 's stunning .
People like Bob Emrich seem to know NOTHING about Jesus Christ .
He 's a bilious charleton who seems to have never read the Gospels chronicalling the life of the very person the religion is named after .
Call him a Leviticite , call him a Paulite , but do not refer to this freak as a Christian .
Human rights is what Jesus Christ stood for .
It 's so pathetic that these perverts use religion as their cloak .
And they base their entire thought process and decision making on ancient Hebrew / Aramaic texts that were written when people thought the earth was flat and the sun went around the earth .
They have n't even evolved enough to use the Gospels -- the life and teachings of Jesus Christ -- as the basis for their faith .
It 's stunning how inferior these people are in thought and in understanding , especially about Jesus Christ .
But they are n't really interested in Him or His teachings .
They are interested in having a minority to abuse , not unlike Hilter devoured the Jews .
Smart people do not listen to these people .
Intelligent people are appalled by their ignorance and greasy horribleness .
They prey on the ignorant and the haters .
These are the so - called Christians who follow these kinds of people .
If there is a hell , there is a special place there for these preachers .
Their day is coming ... and of course they have to live daily with all the dark scum that is their hearts .
That has to be hard .
Posted by : Bart | Dec 11 , 2009 9:19:32 PM
Millions of children worldwide are bullied ever day
This book may help
" Trust Me " by John Fisher My story is a simple tale about a 49 year old man who goes over to his friend house and touched his latest
invention and suddenly finds himself in the year 1969 .
Invisible to everyone around him except for one person .
His 11 year old self .
He remembers how shy and bullied he was as a child and convinces his younger self to let him navigate him though his rough times .
Teaching how to dress , talk and walk .
Greatly Improving his relationship with his mother and father .
Then it on to his 4th grade mean teacher .
Making small leaps through time , he 's in middle school completely rocking the school with his knowledge of sex , dealing in a positive way with four bullies .
PE coaches and their paddles .
In high school , he advises his younger self how to connect with his first crush .
Saves his girlfriend and other girls from an evil boy .
Though out my book , my character grow more confident and helps more of his classmates .
Several opportunities to laugh and cry .
My character returns to a world much nicer and more just http://www.publishamerica.net/product85214.html
ISBN 978-1-61546-266-7 www.uujohn.webs.com
Posted by : John Fisher | Dec 14 , 2009 12:17:53 AM
When are Christians , and for that matter memkbers of any religion , wake up and realize that regardless of the issue , a pastor who advocates and / or supports " killing " is un-Christian or un-religious .
Their followers should be appalled and leave his or her flock .
For that matter , they perhaps should call for his or her killing as an appropriate and sanctioned method of dealing for those with whom we disagree .
After all , would a representative of God lead us astray ?
Posted by : Bob | Dec 14 , 2009 7:54:06 AM
Mr. Emrich is not a christian .
Talk is cheap .
Jesus said that he who hears his words and DO them is a disciple , indeed .
Posted by : David K. Jones | Dec 15 , 2009 8:28:06 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) says he will call on President Obama Monday to bring U.S. troops back from Afghanistan .
Chaffetz : Bring home Afghan troops
Saying it ’s time for Republicans to do more than “ take pot shots at ACORN , ” freshman Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz will call on President Barack Obama on Monday to bring U.S. troops home from Afghanistan .
Chaffetz ’s push for a troop withdrawal — to be unveiled in a speech at the Hinckley Institute of Politics in Salt Lake City — runs counter to the position of House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio and other leading Republicans in Congress .
But it also reflects the divisions within the conference about the question of Afghanistan .
Chaffetz told POLITICO the issue “ has been probably the most difficult one as a freshman in the minority . ”
Advertisement
“ So much of this is easy , black and white , but Afghanistan is very different and very difficult , ” he said .
Chaffetz said he thinks he will “ suffer ” for the decision and that it would be safer for him politically to stay the course he ’s been on .
“ I can take pot shots at [ Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ] all day long , and I ’m good at it , ” Chaffetz said .
“ But even though I am probably going against where the party is on this traditionally , I just think we need to stand up and support the notion that it is time to bring our soldiers home . ”
Earlier this year , Chaffetz traveled to the region and said that , since then , he ’s “ become more engrossed in my conviction it is time to bring our troops home . ”
“ I am opposed to nation building , and I quite frankly do n’t see or understand what victory looks like , ” he said .
“ I believe , as most people do , that our military can do everything we want them to do .
...
But we ’re asking them to fight a war that is not very well - defined .
And we are asking them to do so with one hand tied behind their back . ”
Chaffetz said the House GOP is divided over whether to “ go big or go home ” and acknowledged that the “ go home ” contingent is probably in the minority .
Edward Griffin - The Capitalist Conspiracy : An Inside view of International Banking
Written and narrated by G. Edward Griffin
( 1960's )
An old film , made sometime in the 60's .
This is an adaptation of a documentary filmstrip tracing the history of a small group of people who control the money systems of the world .
It shows how this group is protected by governments and how its wealth is derived by creating money out of nothing .
We see how this group wields power through government , foundations , education , and the mass media .
It has aided such regimes as Russia and China , not because it is pro-Communist , but because a visible enemy and the threat of war have been useful in persuading the masses to embrace the group 's ultimate goal : a world government which they expect to control from behind the scenes .
They are now working to replace fear of nuclear war with fear of global pollution as the motivation for world government .
It is clear that the plan revealed in this program continues to unfold .
Monopoly is not an outgrowth of capitalism .
Monopolists lobby for laws that give them advantages in the market place .
Monopoloy is not based on free - enterprise competition , but the escape from it .
It is not the product of capitalism but the bedfellow of socialism .
A version of the anti-abortion initiative soundly defeated by Colorado voters in 2008 is making its way to the 2010 ballot , this time reworked as an “ egg - as - a- person ” initiative .
This new version would move the legal definition of a person further back into the reproductive cycle , granting cells the full spectrum of citizen rights .
Opposition groups , including Colorado genetic and fertilization researchers , say the law would have spiraling consequences , that it would put women at risk and freeze current work in medicine and reproduction .
Colorado Right to Life and Personhood USA , the groups behind proposed Initiative 25 , are undeterred by the fact that Coloradans voted against the test - run amendment last year by a margin of three to one .
The new amendment is even farther reaching , moving the initial marker for the beginning of life from “ fertilization ” to “ the beginning of the biological development of a human being . ”
Personhood Colorado Director and the initiative proponent Gualberto Garcia Jones told The Colorado Independent that the change was made “ to be more comprehensive in our definition of a person ” and was not done to make it more appealing to voters .
“ It ’s intended to account for human beings who may be created through asexual reproduction in laboratories and used as raw material for research , organs , or stem cells .
Fertilization would not have properly applied to asexually reproduced humans , but even asexually reproduced human beings have a definite biological beginning , ” Jones explained .
“ Over half - a- million Coloradans voted for the personhood initiative in 2008 , ” Jones said in a press conference announcing the campaign .
“ Their votes acknowledging the God - given right to life of the pre-born revolutionizes the pro-life movement and encourage us toward victory . “
Science stoppage
Johnathan Van Blerkom , professor of molecular , cellular and developmental biology at the University of Colorado in Boulder , said if the personhood initiative were passed and upheld , it would have negative consequences for those not only involved in embryonic stem cell research but also for individuals looking to participate in in - vitro fertilization programs .
“ To begin with [ embryonic ] stem cell research would stop , ” Van Blerkom said .
“ There would be no research in genetics in the causes of the origins congenital diseases that occur in humans , how to fix them , how to protect them early . ”
“ You would find in this state , myself included , that embryo research would freeze .
If there were criminal penalties or you were lumped together with abortionists for looking at embryos that are discarded because they are abnormal and you want to know why they are abnormal … no one is going to do it . ”
Van Blerkom who works at a fertilization clinic as well , said that in - vitro fertilization would likely end in the state .
He explained that the very process of fertilization can kill the embryo if more than one sperm gets into the egg .
He said legal liability would loom over all procedures .
“ It ’s criminal liability .
So would any program want to freeze an embryo in the state of Colorado ?
If the embryos die , as they frequently do when they are thawed , is that your responsibility ?
Is it an act of God ?
An act of science ? ”
Women ’s rights
Monica McCafferty , media relations specialist for Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains , said the slightly modified language does nothing to protect the rights and safety of mothers .
“ The new initiative has the same goal [ as Amendment 48 ] , to ban all abortion even in the cases of rape , incest , or when the life of the woman is in danger . ”
McCafferty said that the language is vague and misleading but the ramifications are clear .
“ This would have huge implications . ”
The legislation would end women ’s right to choose in Colorado but would also hamper their ability to take many forms of birth control .
McCafferty said the law would create major government intrusions into private lives .
“ Coloradans have said time and again that they do n’t want government or the courts in their lives when it comes making these personal private decisions . ”
Jones frankly agreed .
He said the goal of the amendment was to provide a child in the womb with due process and equality of justice .
“ If passed , the Personhood Amendment would regain the state ’s right to extend protections broader than those granted by the U.S. Constitution , and it would help transform our current decadent culture which currently values a person ’s utility instead of their innate worth as a human being . ”
But Jones did n’t agree that the language was vague .
“ We have proposed a very simple , level - headed definition of what a person is .
Namely , a person is a human being from the very beginning of his or her biological development . ”
During the 2008 debate over the personhood initiative , Jessica Berg , professor of law and bioethics at Case Western Reserve University , told NPR that fertilized eggs in fertility clinics might need to be counted on the census and that pregnant women presumably could use the high - occupancy traffic lanes .
There are absurdities that grow out of this kind of thinking , she said .
“ If you do n’t know you ’re pregnant and you drink or do something dangerous — or you do something problematic very early on , and you ’re in Colorado or even passing through Colorado — have you committed child abuse and endangerment ? ”
Power politics
Asked why voters did not support the initiative in the past Jones told The Colorado Independent that the initiative fell victim to power politics .
“ We realize that there are very large political and corporate interests that will do everything in their power to twist this simple proposition into ludicrous scenarios .
We ’ll be more aggressive this time around in addressing those scare tactics . ”
He said that with groups such as Planned Parenthood heading up a coalition of groups to oppose the initiative — last year ’s coalition was called Protect Families , Protect Choices — the “ pro-abortionists have almost unlimited funds . ”
“ You see , killing babies pays .
Saving babies does n’t . ”
Jones said Planned Parenthood had taken in more than $ 1 billion in 2008 .
RH Reality Check recently reported , however , that anti-abortion rights groups are not hurting for funds .
Wendy Norris , former editor for The Colorado Independent , wrote that personhood groups have brought in almost $ 58 million in donations .
The American Life League , an organization where Jones recently served as legislative director , has brought in more than $ 35 million since 2003 .
National drive
Emilie Ailts , executive director of Denver - based NARAL Pro-Choice Colorado , said that the initiatives are part of a nationwide attempt to advance personhood legislation .
She said that Personhood USA initially had hoped to introduce legislation in 29 states but that Personhood USA now seems ready to mount grassroots efforts in only nine states .
Aits said that the initiative would change the Colorado Constitution in 20,000 different places .
“ People can not even prognosticate how once it was fully implemented how it would affect peoples lives .
It would impact so many laws . ”
She said it would impact not only fertilization and stem cell research but also access to many forms of birth control in the state .
NARAL , like Planned Parenthood and the Republican Majority for Choice banded together with the Colorado Bar Association and 90 other groups , many which do not normally deal with reproductive issues , to create Protect Families , Protect Choices , Aits said .
Like last year , she expects the same groups to oppose the measure should it make its way onto the ballot .
“ Everyone saw this as something so draconian in 2008 that it would have very negative impacts on the lives of women and their families in the state of Colorado . ”
McCafferty said that while Protect Families , Protect Choices worked diligently to oppose last years personhood initiative , it was the Colorado voters who made the decision to reject the amendment .
Jones said he is confident his measure will pass .
“ With so much money comes a lot of influence , earned and bought media , and friends in high places .
Against this , personhood only has one thing , the truth .
The amazing thing is that it is only a matter of time before we prevail . ”
Thank you for your interest , but this essay has since been published by OtherWise Journal as Is Translation Really Possible ?
Please see their site for the essay .
Tags
Long ago I quit criticizing the Federal Reserve chairman for failing to avert the latest systemic financial disaster , though I still pity him for enduring the endless Socratic essays , polemics , and indignant soliloquies of his detractors .
Criticizing the Fed chairman for a lack of prescience is like criticizing a dog for an inability to recite the alphabet .
When something is physiologically impossible , why bother ?
But many people do bother , and they bother by retreading the same opposing laments : insufficient regulation or misguided regulation ; too much liquidity or too little liquidity ; too - low interest rates or too - high interest rates ; excessively political or insufficiently political .
No one can get Fed policy right , and no one does .
Every five to seven years it 's déjà vu , as an economic calamity erases vast swaths of financial wealth .
" Regulatory reform " is the first term to fire in the synapses of the nation 's economists and op - ed scriveners whenever the Federal Reserve fails to fulfill its charter .
The theme is the same and the writing is predictable — indignation draped in snarky prose importuning that regulation be reformed to the writer 's specifications .
And yet with all this mental horsepower plowing the fecund fields of regulatory introspection , so little of it unearths the argument for eliminating financial regulation altogether .
Regulators — Federal Reserve or otherwise — are stasis - oriented , rear - view - mirror - focused bureaucrats charged with overseeing the forward - looking financial entrepreneurs .
The entrepreneurs are smarter and nimbler .
They easily capture the regulators and bend them to their will .
This is a mismatch on a Washington Generals–Harlem Globetrotters scale .
Furthermore , government regulations dull the conscience .
Regulation dictates that principles give way to rules : " Nothing in the regulations stated we should n't have written a hundred credit - default swaps on every triple - A- rated collateralized debt obligation , so we did nothing wrong . "
But , the regulatory reformers say , the Federal Reserve is unique because money is unique .
Money , unlike other goods and services , is a facilitator that requires oversight ; therefore it must fall under the purview of a central bank .
The argument is the culmination of 96 years of political inculcation .
It has proven very persuasive , and very wrong .
In reality , money is as easily supplied by the free market as any other good .
The bottom - up approach of private markets " regulating " goods and services is unquestionably superior to the top - down government approach , so why not apply the bottom - up approach to money ?
" Money , in essence , is debt , with supply dictated by loan demand . "
The monetarists argue that a top - down central bank guarantees monetary stability .
Well , sure if your definition of stability is a grinding erosion of value through incessant inflation : today 's dollar is worth $ 0.19 in 1971 dollars ( the year the United States officially dropped any pretense of abiding by a gold standard ) and worth only a nickel in 1913 dollars ( the year the Federal Reserve was voted into existence ) .
If money and banking were removed from the purview of the Federal Reserve and placed under the purview of the free market , two key events would occur : First , we would see a return to commodity - based ( most likely gold and silver ) money , which would transform our butterfly - floating , unpredictable , though always depreciating , currency into a precise , stable measure of commodity weight .
Second , money supply would no longer be a function of debt creation .
Banks operate under a fractional - reserve system that allows them to create liabilities and money virtually at will .
This system expands money beyond what it would otherwise be and guarantees inflation by pushing the broad money supply far beyond the base money .
Money , in essence , is debt , with supply dictated by loan demand .
A full - reserve scheme would prevent banks from lending phantom money .
Banks ' primary functions would be bifurcated into money warehousing and deposit lending .
As warehouses , banks would collect fees for storing deposits , with the deposited funds always available to the depositor .
As deposit lenders , banks would accept time deposits to lend .
The depositor would earn interest for the use of his money , while the bank would earn the spread between the rate it paid to depositors and the rate it charged its borrowers .
Insufficient credit is the first and most voluble objection to a full - reserve banking system .
This shortage may or may not occur .
If it did , no problem — private finance companies would arise to fill the credit void .
They would n't accept deposits , instead they would raise funds by issuing equity and debt .
These companies would be free to specialize and lend to what their charters dictate .
A full - reserve system would facilitate credit flows while separating money from credit creation .
Therefore it would inject safety and stability into the credit system .
Banks would require less equity to cover the risks associated with matching assets and deposits .
Depositors would no longer fear bank runs : banks would carry reserves to cover all demand withdrawals .
Banking panics , banking crises , and taxpayer - funded banking bailouts would be relegated to historical footnotes .
We would no longer need a lender of last resort .
What 's more , a stable lending environment , a commodity - based money , and a full - reserve banking system would release a deluge of domestic capital and attract a flood of foreign capital .
Creditors and equity investors would no longer need to game inflation 's corrosiveness or predict where our butterfly - floating currency will land .
Inflation premiums and currency risk would be stripped from the cost of capital .
Albert Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results .
It 's at least a little insane to repeatedly expect the Federal Reserve to do what 's impossible when the free market can do what 's desired .
At least one home was evacuated and one vehicle was damaged early today when a broken sprinkler system triggered a mudslide in the Hollywood Hills area .
Firefighters responded about 5:30 a.m. to a home in the 7000 block of Los Tilos Road after the mudslide , said spokesman Brian Humphrey , a spokesman for the Los Angeles Fire Department .
" There was an apparent rupture of a 1 - inch private irrigation line , " Humphrey said .
Flooding from the ruptured line sent mud and vegetation down the hillside , damaging a parked vehicle and threatening a home , he said .
Los Tilos Road was closed because of the mudslide , Humphrey said .
The Department of Building and Safety will determine whether it will be safe for the occupants of the house to stay .
-- Ruben Vives
Share this
From Oregon Small Business Association ,
Two different studies this year exposed serious problems in the computer repair industry which often goes unquestioned by many businesses .
The Wall Street Journal did a secret study with in - store computer repair being offered by big box chain stores .
Sky News did a hidden study that measured honesty and privacy concerns with the repair industry .
Both studies showed terrible results .
Staples and Office Depot have rolled out their own massive computer tech services campaign with the successes of Best Buy ’s Geek Squad .
The Wall Street Journal criticized these stores as not the best place to start .
Their study concluded that a connection with a corporation does n’t necessarily translate to efficiency and reduced costs .
At Staples , they were plagued with slow service , conflicting information and it took four trips to the store before the “ Easy Tech ” announced the computer could n’t be fixed .
At Best Buy ’s Geek Squad , the technicians gave a complete report within a day evaluating and explaining the costs and options .
Unfortunately , it cost $ 70 to learn that there was a bad hard drive and it was n’t cost efficient to salvage the computer .
At Office Depot , they were given a computer requiring a minor fix and this small job ended up costing $ 200 .
Office Depot was complimented for their speed of repair but had doubts about the qualifications of the technician ( who was selling the office chairs the week earlier to the study researchers ) .
A study in Businessweek found that PC technicians are n’t always as honest as we may think .
When British TV’s Sky News and PC Pro magazine loosened a memory card in a computer and took it to six different repair shops , they received different responses .
All the technicians quickly discovered the lose chip and all but one said extensive repairs were necessary .
Two of the six technicians viewed some of the photos on the computer , and one tried to copy them on a USB drive .
To their credit , one store actually put the card back in place and told the customer there was no fee .
Having only one repair business that proved honest and effective is an unsettling statistic .
To better drive the point home further , the State of California ’s last month was faulted for their computer upgrade project being over - budget by $ 300 million .
The project is expected to be caught up in years of delay as well .
In the business world it is tempting to dump money into computer repair to achieve a quick fix .
The hidden tests demonstrate that it may cost you more time and money in the long run without proper accountability and oversight .
Donate
Donate to House of Sound and help us keep Portland weird .
Or normal .
Whatever you 're feeling like today .
No pressure .
" Several of our team members were crying because they knew there was not enough food for all of the kids and some would have to be sent away hungry .
We began to pray that God would multiply the food … "
EDITOR'S NOTE : I love it when God reaches down and defies the very laws of nature that He set in motion — like multiplying food for hungry little tummies !
Not convinced
He still does that ?
Read on in this account of a miracle that happened just last week , watch the video too , then ask yourself … why not ?!
- Aimee Herd , BCN .
( Kaliti , Uganda ) — Have you ever heard stories of food multiplying ?
We have read about them in the Bible but few have actually seen it happen .
Have you ever wondered if it still happens today ?
Well , we saw it with our own eyes yesterday in Uganda !
( Photo : ShowMercy.org )
We organized a feeding for 50 orphaned and desperately poor children in Kaliti Village , Uganda where our Field of Dreams project is located .
Over 200 children showed up hungry !
Several of our team members were crying because they knew there was not enough food for all of the kids and some would have to be sent away hungry .
We began to pray that God would multiply the food .
EVERY child ate and was full ... over 200 were fed an abundant feast !!
Not only that , but every adult ate as well .
There was so much food left over that they packed it up to take it home with them .
We saw it with our own eyes !
Please watch our two Youtube videos and forward them to your friends .
Our team will also be posting their stories and pictures on our Facebook Fan Page .
Click here to join our fan page .
( Photo : ShowMercy.org )
We have a passion for seeing the impossible and are careful not to exaggerate our experiences .
However , we have to share this with you , because we saw it first hand .
All of our team knows that something miraculous took place that day .
God is good and He is doing amazing things through Show Mercy in Uganda .
There are many stories we have not had a chance to share , but will be sending more updates as we get the time .
We invite you to be a part of this exciting time .
As most of you know , we named our project " The Field of Dreams " , because if you believe the impossible , the incredible WILL come TRUE .
" If we build it , He will come ! "
Find out more about this project by CLICKING HERE .
VIDEO LINKS
Stephanie testifies about what she saw happen with the food !
Lori Explains about our Food for a Child Project
Dec 8 , 2009 , 1:37 pm ET
Report : Obama administration to announce $ 30B bailout loss
The federal government 's bailout of General Motors and Chrysler was viewed as an iffy prospect from the beginning , but the latest reports indicate the United States tax payers will undoubtedly come out on the wrong side of the project .
Although many government officials promised the money used to bailout GM and Chrysler would be repaid in full , the latest report from The Detroit News indicates that will not be the case .
The Obama administration is expected to report to Congress later on Wednesday that it will lose about $ 30 billion of the $ 82 billion loaned to GM and Chrysler earlier this year .
It remains possible that the government 's losses could narrow , but it would take an IPO far beyond what is currently expected for General Motors .
The government has also pumped $ 13.5 billion into GMAC - the lending arm of both GM and Chrysler - but it remains to be seen if any of that money will be recouped .
Despite the bleak news , President Obama defended his decision to bailout GM and Chrysler earlier on Wednesday .
" We also took steps to prevent the rapid dissolution of the American auto industry , which faced a crisis partly of its own making , to prevent the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs during an already fragile time , " Obama said in a speech .
" These were not decisions that were popular or satisfying ; these were decisions that were necessary . "
The government has already forgiven almost $ 12 billion in aid given to Chrysler .
Kevin Wood , Joint Institute for the Study of the Atmosphere and Ocean , University of Washington
Eric Steig , Department of Earth and Space Sciences , University of Washington
In the wake of the CRU e-mail hack , the suggestion that scientists have been hiding the raw meteorological data that underpin global temperature records has appeared in the media .
For example , New York Times science writer John Tierney wrote , “ It is not unreasonable to give outsiders a look at the historical readings and the adjustments made by experts …
Trying to prevent skeptics from seeing the raw data was always a questionable strategy , scientifically . ”
The implication is that something secretive and possibly nefarious has been afoot in the way data have been handled , and that the validity of key data products ( especially those produced by CRU ) is suspect on these grounds .
This is simply not the case .
It may come as a surprise to some that the first compilation of world - wide meteorological data was published by the Smithsonian Institution in 1927 , long before anthropogenic climate change emerged as an important issue ( Clayton et al. , 1927 ) .
This volume is still widely available on the library shelf as are updates that were issued periodically .
This same data collection provided the foundation for the World Monthly Surface Station Climatology , 1738 - cont .
As has been the case for many years , any interested party can access this from UCAR ( http://dss.ucar.edu/datasets/ds570) and other electronic data archives .
Now , it is well known that these data are not perfect .
Most records are not as complete as could be wished .
Errors periodically creep in and have to be identified and weeded out .
But beyond the simple errors of the key - entry type there are inevitably discontinuities or inhomogeneities introduced into the records due to changes in observing practices , station environment , or other non-meteorological factors .
It is very unlikely there is any historical record in existence unaffected by this issue .
Filtering inhomogeneities out of meteorological data is a complicated procedure .
Coherent surface air temperature ( SAT ) datasets like those produced by CRU also require a procedure for combining different ( but relatively nearby ) record fragments .
However , the methods used to undertake these unavoidable tasks are not secret : they have been described in an extensive literature over many decades ( e.g. Conrad , 1944 ; Jones and Moberg , 2003 ; Peterson et al. , 1998 , and references therein ) .
Discontinuities may nevertheless persist in data products , but when they are found they are published ( e.g. Thompson et al. , 2008 ) .
Furthermore , it is a fairly simple exercise to extract the grid - box temperatures from a CRU dataset — CRUTEM3v for example — and compare it to raw data from World Monthly Surface Station Climatology .
CRU data are available from http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/temperature.
One should not expect a perfect match due to the issues described above , but an exercise like this does provide a simple way to evaluate the extent to which the CRU data represent the underlying raw data .
In particular , it would presumably be of interest to know whether the trends in the CRU data are very different than the trends in the raw data , since this could be taken as indication that the methods used by CRU result in an overstatement of the evidence for global warming .
As an example , we extracted a sample of raw land - surface station data and corresponding CRU data .
These were arbitrarily selected based on the following criteria : the length of record should be ~100 years or longer , and the standard reference period 1961 – 1990 ( used to calculate SAT anomalies ) must contain no more than 4 missing values .
We also selected stations spread as widely as possible over the globe .
We randomly chose 94 out of a possible 318 long records .
Of these , 65 were sufficiently complete during the reference period to include in the analysis .
These were split into two groups of 33 and 32 stations ( Set A and Set B ) , which were then analyzed separately .
Results are shown in the following figures .
The key points : both Set A and Set B indicate warming with trends that are statistically identical between the CRU data and the raw data ( > 99 % confidence ) ; the histograms show that CRU quality control has , as expected , narrowed the variance ( both extreme positive and negative values removed ) .
Comparison of CRUTEM3v data with raw station data taken from World Monthly Surface Station Climatology .
On the left are the mean temperature anomalies from each pair of randomly chosen times series .
On the right are the distribution of trends in those time series and their means and standard errors .
( The standard error provides an estimate of how well the sampling of ~30 stations represents the full global data set assuming a Gaussian distribution . )
Note that not all the trends are for identical time periods , since not all data sets are the same length .
Conclusion :
There is no indication whatsoever of any problem with the CRU data .
An independent study ( by a molecular biologist it Italy , as it happens ) came to the same conclusion using a somewhat different analysis .
None of this should come as any surprise of course , since any serious errors would have been found and published already .
It ’s worth noting that the global average trend obtained by CRU for 1850 - 2005 , as reported by the IPCC ( http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg1/ar4-wg1-chapter3.pdf), 0.47 0.54 degrees / century , * is actually a bit lower ( though not by a statistically significant amount ) than we obtained on average with our random sampling of stations .
* See table 3.2 in IPCC WG1 report .
References
Clayton , H. H. , F. M. Exner , G. T. Walker , and C. G. Simpson ( 1927 ) , World weather records , collected from official sources , in Smithsonian Miscellaneous Collections , edited , Smithsonian Institution , Washington , D.C .
Conrad , V. ( 1944 ) , Methods in Climatology , 2nd ed. , 228 pp. , Harvard University Press , Cambridge .
Jones , P. D. , and A. Moberg ( 2003 ) , Hemispheric and large - scale surface air temperature variations :
An extensive revision and an update to 2001 , Journal of Climate , 16 , 206-223 .
Peterson , T. C. , et al. ( 1998 ) , Homogeneity adjustments of in - situ atmospheric climate data : a review , International Journal of Climatology , 18 , 1493 - 1517 .
Thompson , D. W. J. , J. J. Kennedy , J. M. Wallace , and P. D. Jones ( 2008 ) , A large discontinuity in the mid-twentieth century in observed global - mean surface temperature , Nature , 453( 7195 ) , 646-649 .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website , Copenhagen
Acidification of the oceans affects marine life Acidification of the oceans is a major threat to marine life and humanity 's food supply , Hilary Benn has warned as the UN climate summit resumes .
The UK environment secretary said that acidification provided a " powerful incentive " to cut carbon emissions .
Ocean chemistry is changing because water absorbs extra CO2 from the air .
Some believe this impact of rising CO2 levels could be as significant as climatic change , though it is rarely discussed at the UN climate convention .
The UN summit in Copenhagen , which started a week ago , is scheduled to conclude on Friday , when more than 100 world leaders will attend in an effort to agree a new global treaty on climate change .
' Really important '
OCEAN ACIDIFICATION
Up to 50 % of the CO2 released by burning fossil fuels over the past 200 years has been absorbed by the world 's oceans
This has lowered the pH value of seawater - the measure of acidity and alkalinity - by 0.1
The vast majority of liquids lie between pH 0 ( very acidic ) and pH 14 ( very alkaline ) ; 7 is neutral Seawater is mildly alkaline with a " natural " pH of about 8.2
The IPCC forecasts that ocean pH will fall by " between 0.14 and 0.35 units over the 21st Century , adding to the present fall of 0.1 units since pre-industrial times "
Natural lab shows sea's acid path
What is ocean acidification ?
' Coral lab ' offers acidity insight Send us your views
The science has come to prominence only within the last five or six years , and most of the details were not available when the convention was signed in 1992 .
" We know that the increasing concentration of CO2 [ in the air ] is making the oceans more acidic , " Mr Benn told BBC News .
" It affects marine life , it affects coral , and that in turn could affect the amount of fish in the sea - and a billion people in the world depend on fish for their principal source of protein .
" It does n't get as much attention as the other problems ; it is really important . "
In September , the UN - backed study into The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity ( Teeb ) concluded that the widely - endorsed target of trying to stabilise atmospheric concentrations of CO2 or their equivalent to around 450 parts per million ( ppm ) would prove lethal to much of the world 's coral .
1 . Up to one half of the carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) released by burning fossil fuels over the past 200 years has been absorbed by the world 's oceans
2. Absorbed CO2 in seawater ( H2O ) forms carbonic acid ( H2CO3 ) , lowering the water 's pH level and making it more acidic
3 . This raises the hydrogen ion concentration in the water , and limits organisms ' access to carbonate ions , which are needed to form hard parts
Mr Benn made his speech during the summit's " oceans day " at a meeting organised by Stanford University and Scripps Institution of Oceanography , both based in California .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full " Unlike global warming , which can manifest itself in nuanced , complex ways , the science of ocean acidification is unambiguous , " said Andrew Dickson , a Scripps professor of marine chemistry .
" The chemical reactions that take place as increasing amounts of carbon dioxide are introduced to seawater have been established for nearly a century . "
The oceans and atmosphere are constantly exchanging CO2 .
Concentrations in the atmosphere are now about 30 % higher than in pre-industrial times ; a proportion of this is absorbed by seawater , which results in rising concentrations of carbonic acid .
As a result , the pH of seawater has fallen by about 0.1 , and a further change of 0.3 - 0.4 is expected by the end of the century .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
This is likely to affect the capacity of organisms including molluscs , coral and plankton to form " hard parts " of calcium carbonate .
A 2007 study showed that rates of coral growth on the Great Barrier Reef had fallen by 14 % since 1990 .
Mr Benn said that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) should investigate ocean acidification during its next major assessment of the Earth 's climate , scheduled for release in 2013 .
The UK's Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband has warned that the international talks in Copenhagen are not on track to deliver the ambitious agreement some are pushing for .
With world leaders arriving at the talks in Copenhagen later in the week , the pressure is on negotiators to come up with a political agreement that heads of state and government can sign up to .
Mr Miliband said not enough progress was being made in efforts to secure a deal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and provide funding to poor countries for development and adaptation to climate change .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you paint , dance or play a musical instrument -- or just enjoy going to the theatre or to concerts -- it 's likely that you feel healthier and are less depressed than people who do n't , a survey of nearly 50,000 individuals from all socio-economic backgrounds from a county in mid-Norway shows .
The findings are drawn from the latest round of studies conducted for the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 's ( NTNU ) Nord - Trøndelag Health Study , or HUNT , which used questionnaires , interviews , clinical examinations and the collection of blood and urine samples to assemble detailed health profiles of 48,289 participants .
" There is a positive relationship between cultural participation and self - perceived health for both women and men , " says Professor Jostein Holmen , a HUNT researcher who presented the findings , which have not yet been published , at a Norwegian health conference in Stjørdal in late November .
" For men , there is also a positive relationship between cultural participation and depression , in that there is less depression among men who participate in cultural activities , although this is not true for women . "
But what surprised the medical researcher was that these findings held true no matter the individual 's socio- economic status -- whether truck driver or bank president , participating in some way in the arts , theatre or music , as player or participant , had a positive effect on that individual 's sense of health and well - being .
The new findings were controlled for socioeconomic status , chronic illness , social capital , smoking and alcohol .
However , Holmen also reported that the same sense of well - being in people who participate in cultural activities that seemed to protect them from depression did not appear to have the same beneficial effect on anxiety .
Holmen cautioned that the association between health and cultural activities is not strong enough to enable him to say that culture actually makes people healthy .
Nevertheless , the researcher says the findings ought to challenge politicians to think differently about health .
Steinar Krokstad , HUNT 's director and an associate professor at NTNU , agreed .
" We in the health services do not always have control over the most effective preventive tools given the range of today 's illnesses .
We need to increasingly focus on opportunities rather than on risk , " Krokstad said .
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
From : nightlove
2010-01 - 12 07:16 am ( UTC )
Those are ... so horrible .
And so perfectly WTF Sexist . :P
' Cause that was my first thought .
WHAT .
THE .
FUCK .
From : dhae_knight
2010-01 -12 11:52 am ( UTC )
This , yes .
:-(
From : zombiesauros
2010-01 - 12 07:21 am ( UTC )
These are like , sexist for everyone .
From : nightlove
2010-01 - 12 07:24 am ( UTC )
Seriously !
They made me do this face ->
D : From : emeraldtenshi
2010-01 - 12 07:53 am ( UTC )
wow .....
that is ... just so ..
I 'm speechless .
What in the fuckery is this ?!
And the stupid fruit Popsicle actually looks good too .
DOUBLE DAMN YOU FOR MAKING ME BOYCOTT WITH YOUR STUPID COMMERCIAL !!
From : malicecarnivora
2010-01 -12 07:57 am ( UTC )
Shit like this makes me want to slam my head into a wall over and over .
Because everyone knows that once you enter a relationship , your girlfriend / wife completely runs your life and you lose all sense of personal identity .
And of course all men hate shopping .
And women would never compromise , because clearly we are always right .
* rage * From : angelascats
2010 -01 - 12 08:10 am ( UTC )
not cool , man .
I do n't give a shit if my boyfriend watches football .
WTF , yeah , all women are like that .
( and seriously , if someone comments on how I should n't say ' man ' ' cause it 's somehow sexist , I 'm gonna be pissed . )
From : bobella12
2010 -01 - 12 09:08 am ( UTC )
Haha , I would hope nobody would flame you for that , but who knows these days .
( no subject ) - angelascats Expand ( no subject ) - plushabilities Expand From : ohmy_sparrow
2010-01 - 12 08:43 am ( UTC )
wow , spending time with someone you love must suck .
i hate how a lot of media always makes everyone look like they 're in loveless relationships .
From : microcutts
2010 -01 - 12 09:31 am ( UTC )
Saw these on TV today , and am not surprised .
The bulk of NZ ads are just rubbish .
From : peefy
2010-01-13 12:56 am ( UTC )
Amen !
Not that American ads are by any means good , but I remember watching TV when I was living in NZ and constantly looking like this : " @_@ "
Though , I must admit , even 3 years after leaving the country , I am still in love with the Trumpet " togs or undies " ad. ( no subject ) - microcutts Expand ( no subject ) - infinite_voices Expand From : kittycurious
2010-01 -12 11:22 am ( UTC )
What the ... I do n't even ... whut ?
The Popsicle at the end looks nummy even if everything before it is sexist and sad .
From : uses4safetypins
2010-01-12 02:18 pm ( UTC )
The thing is upon watching these I can recall people who actually do do everything their girlfriend says .
But I can also recall people projecting that the person is being controlled just because said person makes a decision they would n't make .
I never know what to make of these sorts of whimsical jokes it 's like do they enforce stereotypes or deconstruct them ?
It 's like an episode of family guy does it take domestic abuse lightly or attack it with humor ?
I 've been on the fence about this .
From : corridor7f
2010 -01 - 14 03:23 am ( UTC )
I feel somewhat the same way .
I kind of found it funny because bits of it are true .
There is a certain level of this in every relationship , it 's just being parodied to the extreme .
Women roll their eyes in the background as men holler at the tv while watching football , men exchange sympathetic glances with the other husbands at the mall as their wife browses ... men and women are different and relationships are two - sided .
I really did n't see this as an affront to women , but maybe that 's because I 'd never date a man who was " whipped " in the way this commericial is portraying .
In fact , I get tired of a guy who wo n't disagree with me and tries to kiss up to me ...
I think a lot of women would .
Also , yes , popsicle looks yummy .
From : kitanabychoice
2010-01-12 03:14 pm ( UTC )
Oh , is THAT how a relationship with a man is supposed to go ?
I guess I 've been doing it wrong somehow the entire time .
Better go have a talk with the boy .
If I go by that commercial , it 'll probably end with me yelling :
AND DON'T YOU DARE EAT THAT STEAK , WHAT DID I JUST TELL YOU !?
That 'll go over so well , wo n't it ?
From : edgey_berzerker
2010-01-12 04:46 pm ( UTC )
I think my brain blew up watching those .
It 's WTF to males and females .
From : lol_hermit_crab
2010-01-12 04:46 pm ( UTC )
I think it 's even more pathetic that I know people in these kinds of relationships , and think it 's okay .
Bawwww . >: From : xx_rapunzel_xx
2010-01-12 04:54 pm ( UTC )
are these australian ?
damn , they 're really bad at advertising .
i saw this on ONTD a while ago , which is also considered sexist :
From : tealeavz
2010-01 -13 03:21 am ( UTC )
why does ' seething ' jump up at the end all excited ...?
From : polygonia
2010-01-12 04:55 pm ( UTC )
Hell and bloody damnation , just what do those ads have to do with a Popsicle thing ?
Plus as if all women like mushy girlly movies and shopping .
Some girls do like football .
Not so much me , but those men do tend to have rather aesthetically pleasing asses .
But , what is up with these stupid ads ?
At least show someone eating the damn thing .
sheesh .
From : dernhelm1982
2010-01 -12 09:02 pm ( UTC )
** Headdesk ** Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
Our right to choose has been stolen away
Breaking Americans down , one family at a time
The collapse of an empire is n't pretty
( Natural News ) Even if Obama 's health care reform bill becomes law , mandating that all Americans buy health insurance policies for a failed system of " sick care " , I will refuse to comply .
I 've read the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights , and nowhere in that document do I find that the federal government has the power to force consumers to purchase for - profit insurance products from private companies .
The very basis of the health care reform bill is , at its core , unconstitutional .
If this mandate is allowed to stand , it sets a dangerous precedent for the U.S. government tous to purchase other products and services from whatever industries it chooses to support .
What 's next ?
Will the government pass a law forcing us to buy pharmaceuticals at thousands of dollars a year ?
Will it force us to purchase U.S. - made automobiles in order to boost the automobile industry ?
Is our economic free choice now centrally planned by our own government operating like Communist China ?
This is a serious question that Constitutional scholars will no doubt be debating in the months ahead .
But who am I kidding anyway ?
The U.S. government has long since abandoned the U.S. Constitution and no has any intention of abiding by it .
Want proof ?
Read just one amendment : the 10th amendment .
Check out the website www.TenthAmendmentCenter.com which carries a highly relevant article on this matter : http://www.tenthamendmentcenter.com/2009/12/... ) .
It paraphrases James Madison , saying , " ... state governments not only have the right to resist unconstitutional federal acts , but that , in order to protect liberty , they are ' duty bound to interpose ' or stand between the federal government and the people of the state .
"
In addition to the very serious legal problems with government - mandated private health insurance , this health care reform law strips awaywhat type of medicine I wish to be treated with .
I do n't find any credibility in the drugs - and - surgery approach to health care .
The pharmaceutical industry is riddled with scientific fraud , quackery , corruption and criminal behavior -- much of it documented right here on NaturalNews.com .
Its drugs are approved by a corrupt , dishonest regulatory agency ( the FDA ) that has abandoned science in its quest to push more drugs onto the people .
If I had a choice , I would prefer to buy into a system of , where doctors respect the healing ability of the human body and try to workthe patient instead of assaulting him with chemicals and surgeries .
But Obama 's health care reform bill gives me no such choice .
I cannot choose to direct my money into a system of medicine that I trust and respect .
Instead , I am being forced to pay money into a system that is morally corrupt and scientifically fraudulent .
It is a system that will only bring more harm and suffering to the people while enhancing the profits of the greed - driven corporations behind this medical scam .
I find it highly offensive that my own government would threaten me with a financial penalty if I refuse to pay money to such a racket .
It 's much like being forced to pay a " protection fee " to the mob .
With this health care reform decision , , using the powers of the IRS ( http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2010... ) to intimidate people into handing over their money to a gang of dishonest corporations that have found a whole new way to take Americans for a ride .
With this bill , all Americans are essentially being held up at gunpoint .
We 're being mugged on the streets by our own government , and they 're demanding not only our money ( to the tune of over $ 15,000 a year for a typical family ) but also our lives -- because conventional health care may very well cost you your life !
The whole thing is pure highway robbery , sanctioned by the government .
The arrogant Congressmen and Senators who passed this law are , themselves , guilty of robbing the American people blind in order to redirect money into the pockets of some of the wealthiest corporations in the world : the drug companies .
Has anyone bothered to answer the simple question that Forcing people to buy something they already cannot afford is a truly idiotic idea .
It 's like passing a law that tries to solve the homeless problem by making it against the law to not buy a house .
The reason they 're homeless is because they can't afford a house in the first place !
Similarly , the reason people do n't have health insurance right now is because .
How does forcing people to buy what they cannot afford solve anything ?
This is why I 'm now convinced that .
It was designed from the start , I believe , to drive more families into bankruptcy and government dependence .
It 's all part of a package of new initiatives that appear to be created specifically for the purpose of destroying America through debt and disease .
You can reach no other conclusion , really , if you think about it .
When you start to realize about what our nation is doing with its fiat currency , how the U.S. government has to rent debt from the private corporation known as the Federal Reserve , and how the drug companies are bankrupting cities , states and federal programs , you really have to question the motives of a new law that would
Why would members of Congress pass a health care " reform " bill that offered no reform and no health ?
Why would the Obama administration be engaged in under - the - table , behind - closed - doors deals with the drug companies just to make sure they continue to be able to charge monopoly prices for their dangerous medications ?
Why would the IRS now be invoked to enforce this medical racket ?
The answer can only be that somewhere at the top of government , .
There 's no faster way to accomplish that goal than to keep people diseased and indebted , and this new health care reform racket accomplishes both of those goals quite nicely .
That 's why I simply refuse to pay into such a system .
For me to spend money supporting such a racket goes against every moral fiber in my conscious existence .
I would no sooner pay money to this racket than I would donate dollars to murderers or rapists .
Every dollar that goes into this system onlythe crimes against humanity currently being committed by the pharmaceutical industry -- especially against our nation 's children .
I guess the IRS is just going to have to issue me a fine .
If so , I 'll pay it under protest , but I 'd rather pay a fine to the IRS than hand over my money to the corrupt , failed system of western medicine that pretends to offer " health care " in America today .
I 'll have the last laugh , of course , because this whole charade will come tumbling down soon enough .
We are watching the last days of the Roman Empire reflected in America now .
The closer any empire gets toward collapse , the more insane its legislative initiatives become .
Sheer desperation drives its legislators to enact outrageously ill - conceived laws that would normally never even be considered .
Such is the nature of the last desperate gasps of a crumbling empire -- an empire that has now turned toas a last - ditch effort to keep itself afloat .
Of course , every collapsing empire does much the same .
The looting of the citizenry is , in fact , one of the more important signs that a collapse is imminent .
It has happened repeatedly throughout history , and it usually involves a looting of the treasury and an abandonment ( or hyperinflation ) of the currency .
Punitive taxation of the population -- or a mandate requiring people to part with their money -- is nothing new .
In the big picture , what we 're seeing in the United States with this health care reform bill is n't an aberration ; it 's merely one milestone in the accelerating decline of an empire that has forgotten what freedom really means .
Mark my words , because I will out - live the American empire by a wide margin :
After its collapse , historians will look back and they will recognize that it wasthat was the final straw .
No nation that keeps its population diseased and bankrupt can hope to have any real future , and America apparently has no intention whatsoever to even legalize actual healing or medicinal herbs .
This nation has made a decision to outlaw healing , to outlaw natural medicine and to pursue a corrupt , broken system of sick care that offers no hope for the future .
It is a fateful decision for a nation that will one day serve as an important history lesson .
The title of that lesson , by the way , will be " How America destroyed itself with debt and disease while keeping its powerful corporations filthy rich . "
In the end , of course , everybody loses .
There can be no abundance , no wealth and no hope for any nation in the long term unless it finds a way to keep its people healthy .
America is now set on a course to learn this very difficult lesson the hard way .
Despite the fact that photographs from the first day of the G20 protests in April 2009 show me astride an armoured personnel carrier in black bra and blue boiler suit with another woman straddling me in red stockings , lipstick and heels , the Crown Prosecution Service has charged me and 10 others with impersonating police officers .
We 've been charged with two counts under Section 90 of the Police Act 1996 – the greater of which carries with it six months in prison .
The vehicle , owned by anarchist pranksters the Space Hijackers , bore a number of fake CCTV cameras bolted onto its turret , a plastic pipe with holes in it for a gun and a bumper sticker that read " How Do You Like My Driving ?
0800 F** K YOU " .
It blared Wagner 's Ride of the Valkyries from a sound system .
If you can show me a police force that does all that , I can show you a police force on acid .
" This is ridiculous , they 'll never press charges , " lawyers who attended to the arrested said on the day .
Nearly six months and one court appearance later , the CPS is showing no signs of dropping what will be a four - day trial at the City of Westminster magistrates court in February .
Eleven people , witnesses for the defence , witnesses for the prosecution , at least half a dozen legal representatives , the paperwork , the man hours , the expense – to what end ?
There were 27 prosecutions arising from the G20 protests .
The rest include violent disorder , affray and setting fire to things at the Bank of England .
The Space Hijackers and their tank sought to satirise the aggression stirred up by police ahead of the protests .
Police said they expected violence and were " up for it " .
It was April Fools ' day .
And it was apparently the start of the " Summer of Rage " .
The case of the rather large Sergeant Delroy Smellie ( quiet at the back please ) , charged with assaulting a rather small protester , Nicola Fisher , by smacking her across the face and whacking her with a baton , is representative of the 250 complaints received by the Independent Police Complaints Commission over police violence at the G20 .
Sure she was short and shouty , but you swat flies .
Not women .
Events surrounding the death of Ian Tomlinson show police to be drunk with the illusion of their own powers .
Even members of the Metropolitan Police Authority despair over how things are run .
They have criticised police over not taking the issue of wearing ID numbers seriously enough .
Apparently disciplining those caught without ID badges was unnecessary because they could fall off or officers could forget to put them on .
Smellie was not wearing his numbers when he vented his rage at Fisher .
That fuelled public anger over the overt disregard for the accountability that wearing ID badges would give .
So since the G20 , the Met has spent over £ 40,000 on force identification numbers for public order officers .
A very expensive way of paying lipservice if police chiefs do n't consider wearing identification important .
There is a feeling that police chiefs and the CPS – run by director of public prosecutions Keir Starmer ( formerly a defence lawyer with a long history of human rights cases ) – have lost a sense of perspective .
The Space Hijackers have a 10 - year history of using comedy and theatre to highlight the hypocrisies and failing of the system .
I was accepted as their embedded journalist to get a flavour of their version of protest .
Impersonating a police officer is a criminal offence .
Rape is a criminal offence .
Would you rather see your tax money go towards prosecuting 11 people up for poking fun at the police , or 11 rapists ?
‘ Tis the season for predictions .
Here are mine for Pittsburgh for 2010 .
These are n’t hopes or wishes ; they ’re what I think we will see in the region over the next 12 months .
1. Pirates observers ( few people today hold themselves out as fans any longer ) will endure yet another losing season in 2010 , but the team will fall short of 100 losses .
This is hardly a prediction , of course ; it ’s all but a guarantee .
The Pirates are well on their way to becoming this generation ’s Washington Senators .
( The team has a couple of options : Make a deal with the devil , and lure Tab Hunter out of retirement .
Or execute a move similar to one made famous at the trial of Al Capone :
Take the entire major league roster , coaches , managers , and all , and ship them to the Pirates ’ Class AA affiliate , the Altoona Curve .
Bring the entire Curve roster and staff to Pittsburgh .
Put them in Pirates uniforms .
A AA - grade franchise deserves AA - grade players .
Play ball !) 2.2010 will be a breakout year for Pittsburgh ’s emerging “ young creatives , ” especially the visual artists and musicians who have been quietly taking over the North Side and some northeastern neighborhoods for much of the last decade .
Look for at least one Pittsburgh - based performer to take the national stage .
The arts communities in Lawrenceville , Garfield , and the North Side will overtake the institutions of the Cultural District as the faces of Pittsburgh ’s arts culture .
3 . The number of tech spinoffs from Pitt , CMU , and UPMC will increase .
Pittsburgh will emerge as an East Coast hub for Google , which will hire more staff and occupy more space in East Liberty / Larimer than it currently forecasts .
At least one long - time “ name ” Pittsburgh company will go out of business in 2010 .
Pittsburgh ’s unemployment rate will trail the national unemployment rate for an additional 12 months .
4 . Pitt and CMU will continue their two decades - long journey to the upper echelons of the international higher education community .
The dollar value of sponsored research at both Pitt and CMU will continue to increase ; their respective endowments will begin slow recoveries .
The tuition tax debate of 2009 will enable the emergence ( or in some cases , re-emergence ) of Pittsburgh ’s “ second tier ” of colleges and universities as leading voices on the future of region ’s economy and culture : Duquesne , Robert Morris , Chatham , Carlow , Point Park .
Negotiations over nonprofit contributions to the city ’s finances , in the wake of the tuition tax détente will reach another crisis point in 2010 before a deal is reached .
5. The Ravenstahl administration will experience a serious corruption scandal in 2010 .
Much of the city will yawn , and the Republican and progressive Democratic Party constituencies that have been trying to unseat the Democratic machine for years will gaze at their navels , still too disorganized to capitalize on their good fortune .
Harrisburg will not bail out the city .
6 . The Pittsburgh media will search for good news in Pittsburgh ’s modest but growing Latino and Indian and South Asian communities .
More often than not , they will miss the story .
New grocery stores are interesting and colorful and fun for shopping ; new professionals migrating to Pittsburgh have a greater bearing on the region ’s prosperity .
2010 will be Pittsburgh ’s year of the woman ( women ? ) in leadership , across politics , business , and the nonprofit sector .
7. The U.S. Justice Department will announce a major antitrust investigation aimed at a Pittsburgh institution .
The homicide rate in Pittsburgh will increase in 2010.8 .
The opening of the Consol Energy Center will anchor a revitalization of the Uptown neighborhood , but the Rivers Casino will continue to struggle to meet its revenue projections .
Demand for housing will raise housing prices sufficiently that Pittsburgh loses its status as the nation ’s most livable city .
This will be a good thing .
9.A Pittsburgh - based newspaper will cease daily print publication in 2010 .
Blogs and other social media wo n’t fill the gap .
We will see how things turn out .
Check back a year from now .
Paul Whitfield and Vipal Monga explain that nothing really has been cleared up at all , and that there are far more -- and far bigger -- uncertainties surrounding the emirate 's finances than most of us had suspected .
" data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
If you think that the Dubai situation has pretty much been resolved with that cash infusion from Abu Dhabi , think again .
Paul Whitfield and Vipal Monga explain that nothing really has been cleared up at all , and that there are far more — and far bigger — uncertainties surrounding the emirate ’s finances than most of us had suspected .
For one thing , Dubai has no real legal structure capable of dealing with a default on this level , which has forced it to hurriedly import a jury - rigged system with UK and Singaporean jurists , based on British and American ( not Islamic ) legal structures .
But it ’s not clear how trustworthy the Dubai ’s government — its ruling family — really is , given that they actively encouraged the idea that Dubai World had a sovereign guarantee .
And it ’s also far from clear what has happened to the $ 10 billion received from Abu Dhabi in February , or , for that matter , another $ 5 billion that was lent to Dubai by two Abu Dhabi banks in November .
As for the further $ 10 billion which arrived in December , we know that $ 4.1 billion of it was used to repay Dubai World ’s sukuk .
But the final destination of the remainder of the money is also opaque .
What ’s more , no one has much of a handle on the total liabilities involved , either :
Dubai World has officially released a $ 59.3 billion debt figure as of the end of 2008 , but that number is n’t taken at face value by financial experts .
Deutsche Bank AG , for example , says that the figure included more than just financial debt , including equity , and payments due to suppliers .
Discounting the nonfinancial debt led the German bank to estimate Dubai World ’s financial external debt at $ 24.27 billion .
Morgan Stanley has its own estimate of the liabilities , taking a disclosed $ 26.2 billion number from Dubai and then adding another 30 % to that to account for a presumed undisclosed amount , putting Dubai World ’s debt at a seemingly arbitrary $ 34.1 billion .
The upshot is that the restructuring is going to be messy and unpredictable : my guess is that it ’ll be a highly political process which will drag on for years .
As ever , the big winners are certain to be the lawyers .
If the planet is headed for another mass extinction like the previous five , each of which wiped out more than 75 percent of all species on the planet , then North American mammals are one - fifth to one - half the way there , according to a University of California , Berkeley , and Pennsylvania State University analysis .
Many scientists warn that the perfect storm of global warming and environmental degradation -- both the result of human activity is leading to a sixth mass extinction equal to the " Big Five " that have occurred over the past 450 million years , the last of which killed off the dinosaurs 68 million years ago .
Yet estimates of how dire the current loss of species is have been hampered by the inability to compare species diversity today with the past .
By combining data from three catalogs of mammal diversity in the United States between 30 million years ago and 500 years ago , UC Berkeley and Penn State researchers show that the bulk of mammal extinctions occurred within a few thousand years after the arrival of humans , with losses dropping after that .
Although modern humans emerged from Africa into Europe and Asia by about 40,000 years ago , they did n't reach North American until about 13,000 years ago , and most mammal extinctions occurred in the subsequent 1-2,000 years .
" The optimistic part of the study is that we have n't come all that far on extinction in the past 10,000 years , " said co-author Anthony Barnosky , UC Berkeley professor of integrative biology .
" We have this pulse when humans had their first effect about 13,000 years ago , but diversity has remained pretty steady for about 10,000 years . "
He expects to see a similar pattern in Europe after the invasion of Homo sapiens some 40,000 years ago .
advertisement
In the last 100 or so years , however , " we are seeing a lot of geographic range reductions that are of a greater magnitude than we would expect , and we are seeing loss of subspecies and even a few species .
So it looks like we are going into another one of these extinction events . "
" I 'm optimistic that , because we have n't lost those species yet , if we redouble our conservation efforts we can stem the tide of extinctions and have those species around in the future , " he added .
The study 's 30 million - year timeline allowed the researchers to compare species diversity over a period of dramatic change in the landscape .
The Rocky Mountains and Sierra Nevada ranges formed in the West , while there were dramatic swings in climate that may have been larger than and as fast as the Earth is seeing today , said co-author and UC Berkeley research associate Marc A. Carrasco .
Yet these changes did not have a great effect on mammal diversity , compared to what happened when the last glacial period ended , the ice retreated in North America , and humans crossed from Asia into America .
" The only difference is that 13,000 years ago humans appear on the scene , " Carrasco said .
" The bottom line is , mammals in general were able to deal with these changes in the past .
Only when humans arrive do the numbers fall off a cliff . "
The analysis by Barnosky , Carrasco and Russell W. Graham , professor of geosciences at Penn State in University Park , Pa. , appears online the week of December 13 in the open- access journal PLoS One .
advertisement
Their analysis combined two databases compiled over the past 15 years ago by Graham and one database created by a UC Berkeley team led by Barnosky and Carrasco in the past few years .
Graham 's databases are FAUNMAP I , which lists all mammal fossils and their geographic ranges in the United States between 40,000 and 500 years ago , and FAUNMAP II , a compilation of mammalian fossils dating from 40,000 to 5 million years ago .
The UC Berkeley database is MIOMAP , which includes all fossil occurrences in the U.S. between 5 and 30 million years ago , which covers the Miocene and part of the Oligocene periods .
The databases include all terrestrial mammals from shrews to mammoths , except bats .
If similar databases were analyzed for other terrestrial species , such as reptiles or birds , scientists could look for similar patterns , the researchers say .
However , few plant or animal groups produce the abundant fossil record of mammals , Carrasco said .
If a similar analysis of European mammal extinctions were performed , Barnosky said , he expects that it would show a similar pulse of extinction following the arrival of humans , followed by a leveling off until the present day .
He ascribes that initial pulse of extinction to a synergistic effect of burgeoning humanity and natural global warming after the Ice Age .
" Now here we are again , astronomically increasing the number of humans on the face of the globe , plus unusual climate change , " he said .
" That seems to be a recipe for extinction that we saw in past and we are seeing again . "
The team hopes to extend its analysis to mammals in other areas of the globe , and use the database to monitor the pace of mammal extinctions .
" One strength of the analysis is that it provides a baseline for judging not only the past , but the future , " Carrasco said .
" There is a bit of urgency here , Barnosky said .
" By demonstrating that we have already lost 15 to 42 percent of mammalian diversity , the question is , Do we really want to lose any more .
I think the answer to that is pretty obvious . "
The work was supported by the National Science Foundation programs in geosciences and environmental biology .
The big banks are pre-testing their main messages for bonus season , which starts in earnest next week .
Their payouts relative to profits will be “ record lows ” , their people wo n’t make as much as in 2007 ( except for Goldman ) , and they will pay a higher proportion of the bonus in stock than usual .
Behind the scenes , leading executives are still arguing out the details of the optics .
As they justify their pay packages , the bankers open up a broader relevant question :
How much bonus do they deserve in this situation ?
After all , bonus time is when you decide who made what kind of relative contribution to your bottom line – and you are able to recognize unusually strong achievement .
Seen in these terms , the answer is easy : people working at our largest banks – say over $ 100 bn in total assets – should get zero bonus for 2009 .
The big bank executives make three points in favor of paying bonuses for 2009 .
1 . If the bonuses are not paid , people will leave our major banks .
It ’s unlikely that many good people will leave , but if they do move to smaller institutions that are not Too Big To Fail , that ’s good for the rest of us .
2 . Big banks made these profits fair - and - square , so the bonuses belong to the workforce .
This is wrong at two levels ( a ) the profits in 2009 ( and 2008 ) were solely the result of massive government intervention , designed at saving and recapitalizing big banks , and ( b ) the recapitalization part of that strategy only works if the profits generated are retained – not if they are paid out .
3 . You cannot now tax the bonuses for 2009 without violating all the norms of reasonable taxation – i.e. , that it not be retroactive , not be confiscatory , and not mess seriously with incentives .
Ordinarily , these are good arguments .
But today ’s circumstances are so egregious that we need to take highly unusual steps .
The banks and their key employees are so far from understanding what they did wrong , they do n’t even have a framework within which they can understand what they need to do right going forward .
This industry needs a wake - up call .
The administration should immediately propose and the Congress must at once take up legislation to tax the individuals who receive bonuses from banks that were in the Too Big To Fail category – using receipt of the first round of TARP funds would be one fair criterion , but we could widen this to participation in the stress tests of 2009 .
The supertax structure being implemented in the UK is definitely not the right model – these “ taxes on bonuses ” are being paid by the banks ( i.e. , their shareholders – meaning you , again ) and not by the people receiving the bonuses .
Essentially , we need a steeply progressive windfall income tax – tied to the receipt of a particular form of income .
This is tricky to design right – but a lot of good lawyers can get cranking .
And we should be honest about the distortionary effect that even proposing such legislation will have on incentives .
It will send a signal that income generated by working at big banks is less secure – all employees of these banks should be looking over their shoulders ; sooner or later , the Internal Revenue Service is coming .
This is particularly relevant for 2010 , which looks set to be another bumper year for the financial sector .
At this stage , tilting the playing field towards smaller participants in financial markets is not a bug , it ’s a desperately needed feature .
A hound the world in 80 days : Meet Oscar , the canine globe - trotting sensation
Oscar is a dog without equal .
This year , he travelled across an incredible five continents , 29 countries and stopped off everywhere from the Eiffel Tower to the Taj Mahal .
He was rescued from a South African kennel by Joanne Lefson , who is half - British , five years ago .
In May the pair began an epic journey hoping to inspire millions to help save his fellow canines living as strays on the streets .
After dodging crocodile - infested rivers , walking on the Great Wall of China and escaping Italian police , Oscar finally finished his tour last week .
The £ 250,000 six - month trip - which Joanne funded by selling her home - also took in an amazing 15,000 shelter dogs and more than 50 charity - run rescue centres .
On their worldwide travels , Joanne and Oscar also handed out 15,000 dog leads to needy hounds donated by the parcel company UPS .
I 've arrived at the woof of the world : Oscar the dog in Machu Picchu , Peru .
In six months , he visited 29 countries on five continents
Nepal in a day 's work : Oscar and his owner , Joanne Lefson , join the Kathmandu tusk force
Just call me the Eiffel terrier Topple that : Posing for a Pisa portrait in Italy
An Oscar - winning pose : Star billing beneath the Hollywood sign
So much Russian around ... a rest in Red Square I 'm knee - high to a Masai on the plains of Kenya
Thirsty work , this sightseeing :
Where can a Giza get a drink around here ?
Can you hear the echo ?
Must be the Swiss yelps Hello , me old China : A Peke at the Great Wall
We loved the Himalayas ... but that mountain camel gave me the right hump
Wonder dog ... lolling about outside the Taj Mahal in Delhi
Torch and go but we 've reached New York
Who 's yellow ?
A Costa Rican ' copter ride was all in my stride
Snout and about ...
Joanne and I tipped our hats to Thailand
We made it !
End of the road in Rio
LIST OF COUNTRIES IN FULL
May
South Africa
Botswana
Namibia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Tanzania
Kenya
Egypt
June
Greece
Turkey
Bulgaria
Romania
Hungary
Croatia
Italy
July
Switzerland
France
Russia
August
India
September
Thailand
October
Cambodia
Malaysia
China
October / November
USA ( California , New York , Arizona , Nevada , Texas , Utah and Florida )
November
Puerto Rico
Costa Rica
Peru
November / December
Argentina
December
Brazil
The new screening came into effect on Monday The US has introduced tougher screening rules for passengers arriving by air from 14 nations which the authorities deem to be a security risk .
Travellers from Nigeria , Pakistan , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Yemen and Cuba will be among those facing body pat - down searches and carry - on baggage checks .
It follows an alleged attempt to blow up a plane on Christmas Day .
US President Barack Obama has been under pressure to make visible security improvements .
He promised to act quickly to fix flaws in the security system , in the wake of the alleged bomb plot .
WHERE NEW MEASURES APPLY Flights from Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria ( countries classified by US as state sponsors of terror )
Also , flights from Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen
Q&A : ' Jet bomber ' case Profile : Al - Qaeda in Yemen Attack stokes Yemen terror fears
The new security directives came into effect on Monday .
But the BBC's Jane O'Brien in Washington says it is unclear whether a pat - down could have found the device investigators say the alleged would - be bomber , 23 - year - old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , had in his underwear .
The Transportation Security Administration said in a statement the new rules apply to travellers coming from or via countries on the US state department 's sponsors of terrorism list - Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria .
Random checks
The other nations whose passengers face enhanced screening are Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen .
This is very dangerous - all of a sudden people are labelled as related to terrorism because of where they 're from
Nawar Shora
American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee
As part of the new guidelines , passengers travelling from any other foreign country may also be checked at random .
The main suspect in the alleged airliner plot is Nigerian , and Yemen - based militants have said they trained and equipped him .
Hours after the measures were announced , there was an alert at Newark International Airport near New York City as a man entered a secure area without being screened .
Terminal C was locked down and passengers were evacuated from the secure area , while some flights were grounded .
The man was not found , but officials said every passenger was fully re-screened .
Civil rights activists criticised the new measures .
Nawar Shora , of the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee , told US media : " This is extreme and very dangerous .
" All of a sudden people are labelled as related to terrorism just because of the nation they are from . "
Earlier , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown gave the go - ahead for full body scanners to be introduced at Britain 's airports .
Embassies shut
The machines are expected to be installed at London 's Heathrow Airport and other hubs within weeks .
YEMEN FACTS Population : 23.6 million Capital : Sanaa Language : Arabic Major religion : Islam Oil exports : $ 1.5bn/24.5 m barrels ( Jan - Oct 2009 ) Income per capita : US $ 950
Country profile : Yemen Also on Sunday , both the US and Britain closed their embassies in Yemen , citing security threats .
John Brennan , the US deputy national security adviser , said an al - Qaeda offshoot had " several hundred members " in Yemen .
Last week , a Yemen - based group called al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula urged Muslims to help in " killing every crusader who works at their embassies or other places " , as it claimed the alleged US plane bomb plot .
The US mission in Sanaa was the target of an attack in September 2008 which was blamed on al - Qaeda and in which 19 people died , including a young American woman .
On Saturday , Gen David Petraeus , head of US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia , visited Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh to pledge US support for the fight against al - Qaeda .
The visit came a day after the general announced that the US would more than double counter - terrorism aid to Yemen this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A man who was stung on the face by an irukandji jellyfish while on board a commercial ship in north Queensland remains in hospital in a stable condition .
The man , who decided to do a spot of fishing over the side of a towering bulk carrier , was stung when the jellyfish was flung skywards from the sea below .
A spray of seawater carried the jellyfish 25 metres up , hitting the man as he stood on the deck and leaving him with a nasty sting .
" This is one of the most fascinating tasks I 've worked on , " air crewman Geoff Abrahams , who aided the response of the RACQ CQ Rescue helicopter on Sunday afternoon , said .
" Realistically , what are the chances of being stung by a jellyfish when you are safely on board a bulk carrier 25 metres above the water .
It 's really incredible . "
The helicopter landed on the bulk carrier , Konmax , and flew the man to Mackay Base Hospital , where tests confirmed he had been stung by the jellyfish .
- ABC/AAP
Entschiedene Gegnerin Direkter Demokratie Peter Mühlbauer
Warum die neue Ministerin Kristina Köhler Volksabstimmungen auf Bundesebene verhindern will
80 Prozent der Deutschen sind für Volksabstimmungen auf Bundesebene .
Trotzdem gibt es sie bisher nicht .
Politiker , die gegen Volksabstimmungen sind , gehen damit nicht häufig hausieren .
Wird das Thema im Bundestag behandelt , dann verteidigen es nur relativ wenige Hardliner am Redepult .
Dazu gehört auch die neue Familienministerin Kristina Köhler , die am 21 .
April 2005 zu begründen versuchte , warum sie Volksabstimmungen auf Bundesebene verhindern will .
Zum einen sieht Köhler in ihnen ein Abweichen vom Grundgesetz .
Auf den darin befindlichen Artikel 20 , in dem es heißt , dass das Volk die Staatsgewalt " in Wahlen und Abstimmungen " ausübt , ging die Soziologin nicht ein und wagte sich lieber an ein zweites Argument gegen die ( ihrer Ansicht nach der Bundesrepublik " wesensfremden " ) direktdemokratischen Elemente : Wenn das Volk entscheiden würde , so Köhler , dann könne niemand mehr für Entscheidungen zur Verantwortung gezogen werden .
Doch wo wurden nach 1946 noch deutsche Politiker zur Verantwortung gezogen ?
Der von Köhler nach eigenen Angaben in ihrer Backfischzeit wie ein Pferdchen angehimmelte Helmut Kohl etwa versprach der ehemaligen DDR nicht nur " blühende Landschaften " , sondern auch , dass es Keinem schlechter gehen werde als vorher .
Heute gibt es trotz leerstehender Wohnungen zahlreiche Obdachlose , schwer Kurzsichtige , deren ALG - II nicht zum Kauf einer Brille reicht , und Selbständige , die sich keine Krankenversicherung leisten können .
Allen diesen Personen geht es deutlich schlechter als vorher , ohne dass Helmut Kohl für sie aus seiner Privatschatulle zahlen müsste .
Im Gegenteil : Er konnte sich sogar in der Parteispendenaffäre auf sein " Ehrenwort " berufen , ohne dass dies ernsthafte Konsequenzen für ihn gehabt hätte .
Die Finanzmarkt - und Unternehmenssteuerreformen der rot -grünen Bundesregierung machten deutsche Betriebe zu einem " Markt " für Investoren , die Unternehmen aufkauften , aufteilten , ihnen extrem hohe Mieten für die eigenen Immobilien aufzwangen und die Profite in Form von Managergehältern und Beteiligungen so lange in die eigene Tasche steckten , bis die Betriebe in die Insolvenz gingen .
Für diese Fehlentscheidungen wurde bisher noch kein SPD - Politiker zur Kasse gebeten .
Im Gegenteil : Der ehemalige Parteivorsitzende Franz Müntefering hatte sogar die Dreistigkeit , den von ihm und seinen Genossen selbst verursachten Effekt mit den " Heuschrecken " - Slogan für seinen eigenen Wahlkampf zu nutzen .
Auch die Bologna - Katastrophe , über die europäische Studenten derzeit klagen , kam nicht von Irgendwoher , sondern wurde konkret von Politikern beschlossen , die sich wahrscheinlich beklagen würden , wenn man sie als " Charaktermasken " bezeichnet .
Diese Entscheidungsträger von vor 10 Jahren hatten für sich jedoch - so muss man heute feststellen - ein Netz der organisierten Verantwortungslosigkeit geknüpft , weshalb sich individuelle die Schuld an der Hyperbyrokratisierung heute nur mehr schwer zuordnen lässt .
Das Schlimmste was einem Politiker drohen kann ist der erzwungene Rücktritt oder das Abgewähltwerden .
Im Allgemeinen winkt ihm dann entweder ein lukrativer Job ( wie etwa dem Ex-Kanzler Gerhard Schröder ) oder er wird einfach auf ein anderes politisches Amt weitergeschoben , wie beispielsweise Birgit Breuel .
Die Studienabbrecherin und Bankierstochter war von 1978 bis 1990 Wirtschafts - und Finanzministerin in Niedersachsen .
Während dieser Zeit verfünffachten sich die Schulden des Landes , gleichzeitig ging sein Anteil an der wirtschaftlichen Produktion deutlich zurück .
Nachdem sie 1990 abgewählt wurde , machte man sie kurz darauf zur Chefin der Treuhand , wo sie ihre politischen Vorstellungen vier weitere Jahre lang an einer größeren Bevölkerungsgruppe und mit noch gravierenderen Folgen umsetzen konnte .
Später wurde sie noch Generalkommissarin der Weltausstellung Expo 2000 , die sie ebenfalls in eine sagenhafte Pleite verwandelte .
Trotzdem lebt sie heute in Saus und Braus - und die Zinsen und Zinseszinsen für ihr Handeln müssen diejenigen abtragen , denen Kristina Köhler eine direkte Beteiligung an politischen Entscheidungen verweigert .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
Cordova 's aunt and mother were killed hours after his funeral Mexico 's leaders have expressed outrage at the apparent reprisal killing of the family of an elite Mexican soldier who died in a high - profile drugs raid .
Four members of marine Melquisedet Angulo Cordova 's family were killed at their home in the south - eastern state of Tabasco within hours of his funeral .
He died during an operation targeting one of Mexico 's biggest drugs lords .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon called the murders " a cowardly and contemptible act of violence " .
" These outrageous actions show the lack of scruples of organised crime in mowing down innocent lives , " he said of the attack during which the marine 's mother , brother , sister and aunt were killed .
Senate spokesman Sebastian Calderon described the situation as disastrous but vowed that the government would continue its fight against the drugs barons .
" We must n't let our guard down , the government must continue and complete its duty , " he said .
Crackdown Gunmen targeted the family just a few hours after they had buried his body .
A local police official described how the gunmen had broken down the door of the family home , in Quintin Arauz , with a sledgehammer .
ARTURO BELTRAN LEYVA
One of Mexico 's most - wanted drug traffickers Had $ 2.3 m bounty on his head One of five brothers
Profile : Beltran Leyva cartel Q&A : Mexico drug violence " They [...] sprayed them with bullets in the living room and bedrooms , " deputy police commander Saturnino Dominguez said .
As well as the four victims , another relative was seriously injured during the attack .
Reporter Franc Contreras , in Mexico City , said the multiple murders were being considered a revenge killing in Mexico , raising fears that the government is not able to protect those who battle the cartels on behalf of the state .
Cordova was the only soldier killed during the raid on the property of Arturo Beltran Leyva , who was the third most - wanted man in Mexico .
Beltran Leyva and four alleged members of his cartel died during a shoot - out involving some 200 officers at a flat in Cuernavaca , just south of Mexico City , last Thursday .
Based on the Pacific coast , his cartel was one of Mexico 's most powerful and violent drug gangs .
Known as the " boss of bosses " , Arturo Beltran Leyva was one of five brothers who split from the Sinaloa cartel and aligned themselves with Los Zetas , a group of former soldiers hired by the Gulf Cartel as hit men .
The split is believed to have fuelled much of the bloodshed across Mexico , where more than 14,000 people have died in drugs - related violence since 2006 .
Mexico 's authorities are battling a wave of violence by drug gangs fighting over smuggling routes to the US .
Washington says the rising death toll is a sign the drug gangs are weakening under President Calderon 's military crackdown , which has seen some 49,000 extra troops deploy across Mexico .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
My Santa did n't leave a name .
But , whoever you are , thank you !
This will be very ( puts on sunglasses ) handy
Do n’t worry – Socrates made it out the building , and is currently living happily with a wife and three children .
( Oh , and the blue sock is named Napoleon , at least so he seems to think . )
In the end , the two sides spent about the same amount .
But the effort may take a greater toll on the Democrats , who - in their defense of what was once considered the safest of safe seats - were forced to exhaust funds they expected to use this fall to defend vulnerable incumbents in a harsh political environment .
The Republican insurgent outspent Coakley , roughly $ 8.7 million to $ 5.1 million during the six weeks following the primaries , according to estimates provided by the campaigns .
Coakley also received help from the national and state Democratic Party committees , who spent about $ 4.3 million , mostly on advertising and all of it in the last week , to prop up her wilting candidacy .
Their GOP counterparts did not pay for any ads to help Brown .
Outside interest groups also played a major role , with seven organizations spending nearly $ 2.7 million to help Brown , and five others spending more than $ 1.8 million on Coakley ’s behalf .
Brown raised so much late money - about $ 1 million a day via the Internet at the end - that he could n’t spend it all .
He ended the campaign with an estimated $ 4 million in his campaign account , spokesman Eric Fehrnstrom said .
The campaign ’s original budget was $ 1.2 million , but it ultimately raised about $ 13 million .
With a flush campaign account , Brown will enter office in a stronger position to defend against an almost certain challenge in 2012 .
The money allowed the campaigns and their allies to target voters with a relentless assault of political messaging , from the barrage of “ robo calls ’ ’ on their voice mail , text messages on their cellphones , e-mails on their computers , direct - mail fliers , and wall - to - wall ads - many of the attack variety - on their television sets , plus many more on radio .
Brown also spent about $ 500,000 on newspaper ads across the state the Sunday and Monday before the election .
The explosion of late spending was all the more remarkable because the campaign lacked excitement until the last 10 days , when polls showed it tightening , the national ramifications became clear , and a torrent of money poured into the Bay State as never before .
Only a few weeks earlier , both campaigns were running on fumes after winning their respective primaries .
A flood of national money propelled Republican Scott Brown ’s historic upset of Democrat Martha Coakley in the race for the seat long held by Edward M. Kennedy .
Brown ’s triumph helped tip the balance of power in Washington , giving Senate Republicans enough votes to block Democratic initiatives .
Candidates and groups that supported them spent nearly $ 23 million on Tuesday ’s US Senate election , burning through nearly all of it in the frenzied final three weeks of the contest , including $ 8.5 million on television advertising alone during the seven days leading up to the vote .
The state ’s last great US Senate race was 14 years ago when Democratic incumbent John F. Kerry withstood a strong challenge from William F. Weld , the Republican governor at the time .
About $ 21 million was spent in that race , said Rob Gray , now a Republican strategist who was Weld ’s press secretary in that campaign .
“ The Weld for Senate campaign did n’t even have a website , and this was one of the top Senate races in the country , ’’ Gray said .
“ Kerry had one but he was cutting - edge . ’’
The pace at which money can be raised , with the help of the Web , from contributors almost anywhere and spent almost immediately continues to accelerate .
That has enabled the outside interest groups that have proliferated in the past six years “ to impact campaigns very late in the campaign in a way that was impossible before , ’’ Gray said .
In the Kerry - Weld race , external sources of funding were much more limited than now .
To raise money out of state , the candidates had to get on an airplane and waste a day or two , rather than issuing a plea for contributions online .
The national parties each contributed less than $ 600,000 to their respective candidates and some labor unions provided about $ 750,000 in aid to the Democrat , Gray said .
Democrats were the early masters of the new technologies , which were raised to an art form by the 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama .
The special election in Massachusetts showed that Republicans have now also become quite savvy , said Paul Watanabe , a political science professor at the University of Massachusetts Boston .
“ It was a mistake for people to think that only the left can organize and use these tools effectively , ’’ Watanabe said .
The tone and profile of the race started to change 12 days out , on Jan. 7 , when the conservative California - based American Future Fund began a $ 400,000 ad buy that was critical of Coakley , whose campaign five days later aired a harsh negative spot against Brown .
In short order , each new day brought at least one new outside interest group into the fray .
On Jan. 12 , the US Chamber of Commerce started what would be $ 1 million worth of positive ads promoting the Republican upstart .
The next day , the Service Employees International Union launched the first of $ 665,000 worth of negative ads aimed at Brown , and the American Federation of State County and Municipal Employees began $ 100,000 worth of radio ads promoting Coakley .
In the campaign ’s final eight days , 12 different groups aired television spots for or against one of the candidates , spending more than the candidates ’ campaigns spent - combined - on TV during that period .
During that final sprint , Brown ’s campaign spent about $ 2.2 million and Coakley ’s about $ 1.6 million for ads on broadcast and cable stations in the markets of Boston , Springfield , and Providence , which includes Southeastern Massachusetts , and cable stations in the Albany market , which extends into Berkshire County , according to an analysis by a firm that monitors campaign ad spending .
In the same time period , Coakley ’s candidacy was also buttressed by $ 1.5 million in TV ads down the stretch paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and a combined $ 1.4 million in ads paid for by the SEIU , union - funded Citizens for Strength and Security , the League of Conservation Voters , and the Foundation for Patients Rights , the report shows .
Brown ’s campaign was supported by about $ 1.9 million worth of ad time purchased by allied groups .
Besides the US Chamber and the American Future Fund , they included the Americans for Job Security , Americans for Responsible Health Care , the Employment Policies Institute , the Tea Party Express , and the National Republican Trust .
All told , the Democrat and her allies spent $ 4.4 million on TV in the last eight days ; Brown and his allies spent about $ 4.1 million , the report said .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Dear Colleagues :
On December 31 , 2009 and January 7 , 2010 , the BBC World Service will do a 2 - part documentary program entitled One Planet : Animals and Us .
Victor Schonfeld , who did The Animals Film ( narrated by Julie Christie ) in 1982 , hosts the program .
Schonfeld will question whether we have made any progress in this area and will ask if our relationship with nonhumans is still as
exploitative as it was back in 1982 .
He will explore the state of the animal movement and he will focus in the first program on eating animals and in the second program on the use of animals in experiments .
He will also discuss the relationship between human suffering and animal suffering .
The BBC World Service is listened to by millions of people all over the world .
I have no idea what Schonfeld will say or what position he will take .
But given that many people will listen to this , and form views accordingly , it is imperative that animal advocates listen to these two programs .
Go here for local times .
The programs will also be archived on the BBC site and there will be extended material .
You can also give reactions here .
Gary L. Francione
©2009 Gary L. Francione
BNP to put own seals on ballot boxes over fraud fears
By James Landale
BBC deputy political editor
BNP leader Nick Griffin is to contest the Barking seat at the election The British National Party is so concerned about fraud at the general election that it intends to place its own seals on ballot boxes .
The party fears its opponents will seek to sabotage its aim of winning a seat in Parliament for the first time .
So it has invoked the Ballot Act of 1872 , which allows candidates to put their own seals on boxes , in an effort to avert tampering .
Independent election officials always seal boxes when polls close .
BNP spokesman John Walker said his party would apply its own seals in the London seats of Barking - where leader Nick Griffin is running - and Dagenham and Rainham .
The BNP hopes to do well against incumbent Labour MPs in both contests .
Under escort
The party will consider adding its own ballot box seals in other seats such as Burnley .
Mr Walker claimed the decision by many councils to delay general election counts until the day after voting meant there would be greater opportunity for someone to tamper with boxes .
Normally they are taken under escort straight from polling stations to be counted on the evening of the vote .
Mr Walker claimed there had been suggestions in the past that boxes had been opened and BNP votes spoiled or removed , or other parties ' votes added .
He said : " We know it happens .
We just can not prove it .
" It is a shame we have to invoke these things .
But some council staff are in the pocket of the local Labour party and we suspect they would use any means to tamper with votes . "
' Perfectly lawful '
The Ballot Act of 1872 states that " the presiding officer of each station , as soon as is practicable after the close of poll , shall , in the presence of the agents of the candidates , make up ( the ballot boxes ) into separate packages sealed with his own seal and the seals of such agents of the candidates as desire to affix their seals " .
The legislation also introduced the secret ballot for parliamentary elections to prevent voter intimidation by employers and landowners .
The right for candidates to add their own seals has survived repeated reforms of election law , currently regulated by the Representation of the People Act .
Parties rarely use this right .
John Turner , chief executive of the Association of Electoral Administrators , said : " This is perfectly lawful in terms of the Representation of the People Act .
But to the best of my knowledge and recollection , no other party does this . "
A Labour spokesman said : " We are confident that when the general election comes the British people will clearly reject the disgusting politics of the BNP .
" That will be because their politics are vile and divisive not because of any bizarre paranoia about ballot boxes . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gordon Brown insists Afghan campaign ' prosecuted out of necessity ' to protect UK and world from terror threat
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Britain " cannot , must not and will not walk away " from Afghanistan , Gordon Brown said today .
The prime minister also gave the Kabul government a stern warning that it had to clean up and reform if it was to continue receiving international help .
In a pre-Remembrance Day speech in London , hastily arranged following numerous British deaths in Afghanistan this week , Brown insisted the Afghan campaign was " prosecuted out of necessity " to protect the UK and wider world from the threat of terrorism .
He cited terror attacks in recent years , including those in New York , Bali , Baghdad and London , adding : " When people ask why are we in Afghanistan ... I ask them to look at this list of terrible atrocities . "
Addressing an audience at the Royal College of Defence Studies that included senior British and Afghan officers , Brown admitted some people had doubts about the Afghan mission given the flawed electoral process that returned Hamid Karzai for a second term as the Afghan president .
The prime minister called for cleaner government , saying : " Cronies and warlords should have no place in the future of a democratic Afghanistan . "
He warned : " I am not prepared to put the lives of British men and women in harm 's way for a government that does not stand up against corruption . "
Whitehall officials later rowed back on this point , saying that Brown 's ultimatum did not imply a threatened withdrawal of British troops but rather a withholding of political support if Karzai did not improve his government .
Brown explained that he had spoken to Karzai several times this week and said the two men had agreed a set of goals covering five areas – security , governance , political reconciliation , economic development and relations with neighbouring countries .
" If the [ Afghan ] government fails to meet these five tests , it will not only have failed its people , it will have forfeited its right for international support , " Brown said .
He did not explain what the practical implications of this warning might be .
His speech came at the end of a bloody week for British troops in southern Afghanistan , including the killing of five soldiers by an Afghan policeman who was being trained by UK forces .
An army explosives expert , Staff Sergeant Olaf Schmid , was killed by an improvised bomb on Saturday , and another explosion killed a serviceman yesterday .
A Channel 4
News poll yesterday revealed that public opposition to the war had risen sharply in the past fortnight , with 35 % of the public believing that all British troops should be withdrawn immediately – up from 25 % two weeks ago .
Brown said the UK would not end its mission of training Afghan security forces , adding : " We will not give up this strategy of mentoring , because it is what distinguishes a liberating army from an army of occupation . "
But he admitted that people in the UK , as well as the county 's troops , were seeking " a clear sense of what success in Afghanistan would look like , and how we will get there " .
He continued : " My answer is [ that ] we will have succeeded when our troops are coming home because the Afghans are providing security themselves , continuing the essential work of denying the territory of Afghanistan as a base for terrorists . "
The prime minister also used a section of his speech to rebuff comments made this week by the former Foreign Office minister Kim Howells , who said the effort and money expended in Afghanistan would be better used on stronger anti-terrorist operations in the UK .
" Investment alone cannot insulate us from the terrorist plots we all face , " he said , claiming that three - quarters of all such plans originated in the lawless tribal regions bordering Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Brown began his speech by specifically linking the Afghan campaign with previous conflicts being remembered at the Cenotaph in London on Sunday .
" Just as in the past we learned of the bravery and sacrifice of British soldiers in the first and second world wars , in their fight to protect freedom both in our nation and the world , so our children will learn of the heroism of today 's men and women fighting in Afghanistan – protecting our nation and the rest of the world from threat of global terrorism , " he said .
Also today , the former chief of defence staff Lord Guthrie reiterated his criticisms that the government had failed to provide adequate numbers of helicopters for troops in Afghanistan .
" I have no doubt whatsoever that , with additional helicopters , some of these lives which have been lost would have been saved , " he told the House of Lords .
The defence secretary , Bob Ainsworth , dismissed the claim , telling the BBC : " Lord Guthrie has been making this same speech , sadly , for some time now . "
Brown 's speech was condemned by the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , who called it " a woefully belated attempt to win over public support for a war that has cost so many lives " .
" The prime minister has finally acknowledged that the British people will always back our brave British troops in the dangerous work they do , but they will not unconditionally support soldiers being sent to fight and die for a corrupt and illegitimate government in Kabul , " Clegg said .
Liam Fox , the shadow defence secretary , said it was " helpful " to put the Afghanistan mission in the context of national security .
" It is not helpful if this clear message is confused by mixed messages or empty threats , " he added .
" We must put pressure on the Karzai government to improve governance and tackle corruption but , if our mission in Afghanistan is a national security imperative , it can't be conditional on the behaviour of others . "
The number of prescriptions issued to children for anti-depressants , anti-psychotic drugs and attention deficit disorder medication has rocketed , according to figures released today .
The increasing use of drugs to treat mental health problems in youngsters is condemned by the Conservative Party which obtained the statistics from the NHS Prescription Pricing Authority .
Following a series of Freedom of Information requests , the authority revealed that more than 420,000 prescriptions of ADHD ( Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ) drugs were issued to children under 16 in 2007 – a rise of 33 per cent over the previous two years .
For those aged between 16 and 18 , more than 40,000 prescriptions were issued – an increase of 51 % compared to 2005 .
The NHS spent over £ 17 m on ADHD drugs in 2007 .
The number of prescriptions is not the same as the number of patients since some children may receive repeat or multiple prescriptions .
The increase nonetheless suggests doctors are frequently resorting to pharmaceutical remedies rather than talking therapies .
Around 113,000 prescriptions for antidepressants were issued to children under 16 in 2007 and almost 108,000 to 16 to 18 year - olds , according to the same series of FoI requests .
For children under 16 , that respresented a 6 % increase over two years .
The NHS spent around £ 1.5 m on anti-depressant drugs for children in 2007 .
For anti-psychotics , in excess of 86,000 prescriptions were issued to children under 18 in 2007 .
The number given to 16 to 18 year - olds was up 7 % since 2005 and the number handed out to under 16s rose by 11 % .
The NHS spent almost £ 3.5 m on anti-psychotic drugs for children in 2007 .
The Conservative health spokeswoman , Anne Milton , said : " We already know that our children suffer the lowest levels of well - being in Europe .
This data shows that increasingly health professionals are prescribing drugs to treat child mental health problems , when evidence suggests that talking therapies can have an equal , if not better effect .
" These drugs have significant risks when given to children and young people , making this rise extremely concerning . "
Some drugs prescribed for mental health conditions have been associated with potentially dangerous side - effects in children , the Conservatives said .
In one US study children reported experiencing hallucinations after taking ADHD drugs .
The Prescription Pricing Authority , which has itself since been subsumed into the NHS Business Services Authority , stopped collecting the data in late 2007 and said that it could no longer provide reliable estimates .
Earlier this year the British Medical Journal estimated that up to 5 % of school age children in England and Wales have ADHD - as many as 367,000 children .
Responding to the figures a department of health spokesperson said : " NICE guidance is clear that antidepressants should rarely be prescribed to children and young people and only as part of a treatment regime , stressing that other treatment options should be considered first . "
In terms of ADHD medication , the spokesperson added : " Treatment with prescribed drugs should only be started after a specialist in ADHD has thoroughly assessed the child or adolescent and confirmed the diagnosis .
Once treatment has been started it should be monitored by a GP .
Drug therapy should be one part of a comprehensive treatment programme that includes advice and support to parents and teachers . "
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( Reuters ) - The Vancouver Winter Games countdown shifts from months to days on Tuesday just as a “ Pineapple Express ” weather front has slammed into the Pacific Northwest dampening Olympic fever .
As athletes and construction workers were pushing full speed ahead with their final preparations , VANOC officials faced their worst nightmare on Monday as unseasonably high temperatures and rain lashed the Vancouver area .
Weather fronts that bring warm , wet conditions from the Pacific ocean during the winter are often described as Pineapple Expresses by local forecasters .
With just one month to go until the February 12th opening ceremonies , the spring like conditions , which are expected to remain in the area through the weekend , could pose a threat to several Olympic venues .
Cypress Mountain , host for freestyle skiing and snowboard competitions , was closed on Monday due to heavy rain and snow making halted as temperatures in Vancouver climbed to a balmy 11 degrees Celsius ( 52 Fahrenheit ) .
Work crews at the popular resort , located just 12 kilometers outside of Vancouver , have been busy stockpiling snow at higher elevations and said snow making would resume as soon as temperatures dropped .
Whistler , about 125 km from Vancouver and venue for all alpine skiing , cross-country and sliding events , was also facing a soggy week with rain and temperatures well above freezing set to remain in place until Sunday .
“ We ’re putting everything we ’ve learned and planned for regarding weather contingency into practice at the outdoor venues in order to be ready for the Games , ” said Tim Gayda , VANOC ’s vice president of sport in a statement .
Crews have been preparing since the first snowfalls hit Whistler and Cypress mountains , according to Gayda .
“ We ’re confident these courses will be in world - class shape when the athletes start to arrive to practice in our venues in the first week of February , ” he said .
Depending on weather conditions , VANOC said it may need to further restrict use or close competition venues to the public to protect and preserve the competition and training sites .
BIG BUCKS TO PREDICT THE WEATHER
While Olympic organizers cannot change the weather they have invested $ 13.5 million state - of - the - art tracking equipment and scientific expertise to monitor conditions .
“ Weather is involved in just about every decision we make as Games organizers , from when to make and stockpile snow to transportation planning , and we ’re constantly monitoring it , ” explained Chris Doyle , an Environment Canada meteorologist and VANOC ’s manager of weather services .
“ All of this provides an invaluable real - time snapshot of what ’s happening at the outdoor venues and what Mother Nature has in store in the near future so that we can plan and take action . ”
With the city under a heavy rainfall warning there is little buzz that Vancouver is about to host a Winter Games .
The picture postcard images of the snow capped Rocky Mountains that are suppose to provide the dramatic backdrop have disappeared into the thick fog and clouds while more people can been seen out jogging city streets in shorts than strolling in heavy winter coats .
There are , however , undeniable signs that the Olympics are on the way .
Security fencing has sprung up around downtown venues while local officials have cautioned residents to prepare for the implementation of driving restrictions what will be part of the Games transportation plan .
By Captain Pyke | January 27 , 2010 - 10:59 pm
Do n't expect to see Zachary Quinto at any conventions any time soon .
He recently was quoted as saying that he 's “ ... stepping away from Star Trek for at least two years — no movies , no conventions , no anything for a while , " .
This of course is probably not counting his recurring role as Spock in Star Trek XII ( set for release June 29 , 2012 )
According to an interview with Wired Gamelife , Zach 's appearance in Star Trek Online will be his last for sometime .
However , he did say that his role in ST: O was “ an investment in the fan base ” .
As many of you already know , Zach plays the Emergency Medical Hologram in the beginning tutorial for Star Trek Online .
Zach had this to say about his own time spent playing the opening sequence of ST:O .
“ The appeal is the investment you make , I was shocked at how much time and energy one could spend on just creating their avatar for the game , ” ( source Wired Gamelife )
FALLING MILK PRICES FALLING MILK PRICES
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's daily contract prices for 100 pounds of Class III milk , which is used to make cheese .
Jan. 2 , 2008 $ 20.50 March 23 , 2009 $ 10.48 Source : CME Group / Chicago Mercantile Exchange Enlarge By Eileen Blass , USA TODAY Dairy farmer Walt Moore , 41 , is general manager / owner of Walmoore Holsteins , in West Grove , Pa .
He is a fourth - generation farmer whose family has worked the farm for nearly a century .
" This is an unprecedented time , " Moore says of the decline in dairy demand .
WEST GROVE , Pa. 
Milk prices have plunged by about 50 % from the historic highs of last summer , pummeling producers such as Walt Moore , a fourth - generation farmer whose family has worked the rolling fields of southeastern Pennsylvania for nearly a century .
" If these prices stay low through 2009 , there 's going to be a lot of producers that do n't make it , " Moore says , noting that several nearby dairy operators have already decided to sell their herds and get out of the business .
While many producers managed to sock away profits early last year , they still might not be able to survive .
" This time , the rainy day will last a lot longer than one day , " Moore says .
Dairy operations across the country are taking an enormous hit as prices plummet .
The number of dairy cows being sent to slaughter has risen by about 20 % from last year , as desperate farmers cull their herds and sell at fire - sale prices .
Adding to the problem , banks are less willing or able to extend farmers ' loan payments amid the financial turmoil .
The U.S. Agriculture Department has begun providing emergency aid , though the National Milk Producers Federation ( NMPF ) in a recent letter to President Obama warned that thousands of farms and tens of thousands of jobs could be lost this year without more aggressive federal efforts .
" Demand really dropped off the cliff in the last quarter of last year , and things are n't looking much better this year , " says Chris Galen , NMPF spokesman .
" It 's one more indication of how much the global economy has slowed . "
Pennsylvania producers received about $ 11.50 per hundred pounds of milk in February , while production costs ranged from $ 15.50 to $ 18.50 , says the state 's Center for Dairy Excellence .
The USDA is providing special payments to dairy farmers , but the program fills only a part of the gap .
Payments are capped , making them of less benefit to larger farms .
Producers are reeling because of not just the size of the decline , but the speed .
Futures contracts for Class III milk , a measure of wholesale prices , reached a high of $ 20 per hundred pounds in June on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange .
By January , the price was below $ 10 , though it has since ticked up to about $ 10.50 .
" This is an unprecedented time , " Moore says .
" In the 20 years I 've been in this full time , I 've never seen anything like it . "
Why prices are falling
There are several reasons for the implosion : oversupply , falling export demand and continued high prices for supplies such as feed .
The dairy sector in the past has been less prone to huge price swings than other areas of agriculture , but that 's changing as the industry relies more on the markets and less on government programs .
" Up until recently , the U.S. dairy industry was fairly isolated .
It is n't anymore , " says Roger Hoskin , a dairy analyst at the U.S. Agriculture Department 's Economic Research Service .
" Call it globalization .
...
When the export market is strong , they do well ; when the export market is weak , domestic use is not enough , " Hoskin says .
While the industry suffers , consumers are benefiting .
Retail dairy prices have n't fallen as much as wholesale milk prices , but they have come down .
Dairy prices fell 2.4 % in February , according to the Labor Department 's consumer price index .
The average price for a gallon of milk has declined 14.7 % in the past 12 months , from $ 3.87 to $ 3.32 .
" Typically there are some lags in the declines in the consumer prices , " says Bill Lapp , principal of Advanced Economic Solutions .
" We probably face some more downward pressure on dairy prices for a couple more months at least . "
Farmers are trying to reduce supply as prices plummet .
The number of dairy cows being slaughtered across the country , for example , is about 20 % higher than average , Lapp says .
Because so many cows are coming to market , farmers are selling them at rock - bottom prices .
In addition to its price supports , the U.S. Agriculture Department has started buying surplus milk , butter and other products to clear the market and put a floor under prices .
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack says the USDA will donate some of the surplus dairy products to food banks and other nutrition programs , while bartering some for commodities needed for overseas food donation programs .
The International Dairy Foods Association , which represents food processors , is generally not a big proponent of federal intervention .
Afraid of losing suppliers , however , Association President Connie Tipton says the industry should look for new ways to boost demand .
Tipton suggested that as the USDA begins buying surplus milk and butter , for instance , it should supplement its purchases with products such as yogurt and low - fat cheese that are gaining consumer acceptance .
In Pennsylvania , Moore is looking at the markets , trying to figure out whether to lock in prices months ahead .
He 's also seeking opportunities amid the gloom .
" If you 've got room for cows , fill up ... now , " Moore says .
" You can probably build a barn cheaper than you could a couple years ago . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
From Conservapedia
Poe ’s Law is an Internet adage that inappropriately compares God 's mighty handiwork during the Creation to an insipid genre of satire .
The original version of this " law " was formulated by Nathan Poe on the Internet site Christian Forums in August 2005 :
“ Without a winking smiley or other blatant display of humor , it is [ utterly ] impossible to parody a Creationist in such a way that someone wo n't mistake for the genuine article . [ 3 ] ”
The adage is sometimes generalized as , " It is impossible to tell for certain the difference between genuine stupidity and a parody of stupidity . "
Generally speaking , leading evolutionists generally no longer debate creation scientists because creation scientists tend to win the debates .
[ 4 ]
In addition , the agnostic and evolutionist Richard Dawkins has shown inconsistent and deceptive behavior concerning his refusal to debate creation scientists .
The inconsistency of evolutionists and atheists concerning debating creationists was commented on by the Christian apologetic website True Free Thinker which declared : " Interestingly enough , having noted that since some atheists refuse to debate “ creationists ” but then go on to debate some of those people but not others , it is clear that they are , in reality , being selective and making excuses for absconding from difficulties ... " [ 5 ]
Poe 's law is primarily directed toward conservative Christianity which is well supported by evidence ( see : Christian apologetics ) .
In short , like many liberal satires , it is merely an attempt to gloss over inconvenient evidence and their own illogical thinking .
See also : Atheism and mockery and Atheism and logical fallacies
Poe 's law is a symptom of liberals illogical and superstitious thinking
In September 2008 , the Wall Street Journal reported :
“ The reality is that the New Atheist campaign , by discouraging religion , wo n't create a new group of intelligent , skeptical , enlightened beings .
Far from it :
It might actually encourage new levels of mass superstition .
And that 's not a conclusion to take on faith -- it's what the empirical data tell us .
" What Americans Really Believe , " a comprehensive new study released by Baylor University yesterday , shows that traditional Christian religion greatly decreases belief in everything from the efficacy of palm readers to the usefulness of astrology .
It also shows that the irreligious and the members of more liberal Protestant denominations , far from being resistant to superstition , tend to be much more likely to believe in the paranormal and in pseudoscience than evangelical Christians ....
This is not a new finding .
In his 1983 book " The Whys of a Philosophical Scrivener , " skeptic and science writer Martin Gardner cited the decline of traditional religious belief among the better educated as one of the causes for an increase in pseudoscience , cults and superstition .
He referenced a 1980 study published in the magazine Skeptical Inquirer that showed irreligious college students to be by far the most likely to embrace paranormal beliefs , while born - again Christian college students were the least likely . [ 6 ] ”
Liberals / atheists are more likely to adhere to atheistic pseudoscience such as abiogenesis and the evolutionary paradigm .
Also , in the political science realm , atheists embraced communism and rejected capitalism with disastrous results .
Poe 's law is a poor substitute for evidence and logical thinking
See also : Atheism and logic and Liberal logic
Liberals / atheists fail to realize or conveniently ignore that mere appeals to ridicule [ 7 ] ( which is a logical fallacy ) is a poor substitute for evidence and logical thinking .
Atheistic thinking , which has no proof and evidence that it is correct , is reduced to attempting to dilute the definition of atheism which most encyclopedias of philosophy employ .
On the other hand , in the field of Christian apologetics , many sound arguments based on evidence have been written .
For example , in the field of Christian legal apologetics , which is a subset of Christian apologetics , Simon Greenleaf , one of the early founders of the Harvard Law School and a notable author and expert on weighing evidence , wrote an excellent defense of the resurrection of Jesus Christ entitled Testimony of the Evangelists . [ 8 ]
Parody and satire have their place - Christian parody of atheism and evolution
See also : Atheism and humor and Comedy and satires concerning atheism and evolution
Although mere appeals to ridicule is a logical fallacy , parody and satire certainly have their place .
Because Christianity is so well attested to via evidence and sound argumentation such as the work of Simon Greenleaf and other Christian apologists , Christians certainly have liberty to use parody and satire .
For example , there are certainly many parodies and satires of atheism and evolution ( see : Comedy and satires concerning atheism and evolution ) .
In terms of Christian satire , the Christian apologist JP Holding features a humorous Christian satire work entitled You may be a fundamentalist atheist if .... [ 9 ]
The biblical creationist organization Answers in Genesis has used satire to ridicule evolutionism . [ 10 ]
Common behavior of online evolutionists and atheists
See also : Militant atheism and Atheism and arrogance
In February 2010 , the news organization The Daily Telegraph reported that atheist and evolutionist Richard Dawkins was " embroiled in a bitter online battle over plans to rid his popular internet forum for atheists of foul language , insults and ' frivolous gossip ' . " [ 11 ]
In addition , Richard Dawkins has a reputation for being abrasive .
In 2010 , the Christian apologetics website True Free Thinker wrote :
“ Scienceblogger Chad Orzel described [ 12 ] the commentators on PZ Myers ' Scienceblogs.com site Pharyngula , and other Scienceblogs.com commentators , as " screechy monkeys . " [ 13 ] ”
In addition , there is a widespread problem with atheist cyberbullying on YouTube toward Christian and creationist YouTube channels .
CreationWiki has developed a web page entitled Creationist YouTube video [ 14 ] designed to show creationists how to thwart atheist / evolutionist cyberbullies .
See also
Christian satire of atheism and evolution :
Comedy and satires concerning atheism and evolution ( large collection of comedy / satire concerning atheism and evolution )
On Monday , six days after the earthquake in Haiti , the US Southern Command finally began to drop bottled water and food from an air force C - 17 .
US defence secretary Robert Gates had previously rejected such a method because of " security concerns " .
If people do not get clean water , there could be epidemics of water - borne diseases that could greatly increase the death toll .
But the US is now sending 10,000 troops and seems to be prioritising " security " over much more urgent , life - and - death needs .
This in addition to the increase of 3,500 UN troops scheduled to arrive .
On Sunday morning the world - renowned humanitarian group Doctors Without Borders complained that a plane carrying its portable hospital unit was re-routed by the US military through the Dominican Republic .
This would cost a crucial 48 hours and an unknown number of lives .
On Sunday , Jarry Emmanuel , air logistics officer for the UN's World Food Programme , said : " There are 200 flights going in and out every day , which is an incredible amount for a country like Haiti ...
But most flights are for the US military . "
Yet Lieutenant General PK Keen , deputy commander of the US Southern Command , reports that there is less violence in Haiti now than there was before the earthquake hit .
Dr Evan Lyon , of Partners in Health , a medical aid group famous for its heroic efforts in Haiti , referred to " misinformation and rumours … and racism " concerning security issues .
We 've been circulating throughout the city until 2:00 and 3:00 in the morning every night , evacuating patients , moving materials .
There 's no UN guards .
There 's no US military presence .
There 's no Haitian police presence .
And there 's also no violence .
There is no insecurity .
To understand the US government 's obsession with " security concerns , " we must look at the recent history of Washington 's involvement there .
Long before the earthquake , Haiti's plight has been comparable to that of many homeless people on city streets in the US : too poor and too black to have the same effective constitutional and legal rights as other citizens .
In 2002 , when a US - backed military coup temporarily toppled the elected government of Venezuela , most governments in the hemisphere responded quickly and helped force the return of democratic rule .
But two years later , when Haiti 's democratically elected president Jean - Bertrand Aristide was kidnapped by the US and flown to exile in Africa , the response was muted .
Unlike the two centuries of looting and pillage of Haiti since its founding by a slave revolt in 1804 , the brutal occupation by US marines from 1915 to 1934 , the countless atrocities under dictatorships aided and abetted by Washington , the 2004 coup cannot be dismissed as " ancient history . "
It was just six years ago , and it is directly relevant to what is happening there now .
The US , together with Canada and France , conspired openly for four years to topple Haiti 's elected government , cutting off almost all international aid in order to destroy the economy and make the country ungovernable .
They succeeded .
For those who wonder why there are no Haitian government institutions to help with the earthquake relief efforts , this is a big reason .
Or why there are 3 million people crowded into the area where the earthquake hit .
US policy over the years also helped destroy Haitian agriculture , for example , by forcing the import of subsidised US rice and wiping out thousands of Haitian rice farmers .
Aristide , the country 's first democratically elected president , was overthrown after just seven months in 1991 , by military officers and death squads later discovered to be in the pay of the CIA .
Now Aristide wants to return to his country , something that the majority of Haitians have demanded since his overthrow .
But the US does not want him there .
And the René Préval government , which is completely beholden to Washington , has decided that Aristide 's party – the largest in Haiti – will not be allowed to compete in the next elections ( originally scheduled for next month ) .
Washington 's fear of democracy in Haiti may explain why the US is now sending 10,000 troops and prioritising " security " over other needs .
This military occupation by US troops will raise other concerns in the hemisphere , depending on how long they stay – just as the recent expansion of the US military presence in Colombia has been met with considerable discontent and distrust in the region .
And non-governmental organisations have raised other issues about the proposed reconstruction : understandably they want Haiti 's remaining debt cancelled , and grants rather than loans ( the IMF has proposed a $ 100 m dollar loan ) .
Reconstruction needs will be in the billions of dollars : will Washington encourage the establishment of a functioning government ?
Or will it prevent that , channelling aid through NGOs and taking over various functions itself , because it of its long - standing opposition to Haitian self - rule ?
But most urgently , there is a need for rapid delivery of water .
The US air force has the capability to deliver enough water for everyone who needs it in Haiti , until ground supply chains can be established .
The more water is available , the less likely there is to be fighting or rioting over this scarce resource .
Food and medical supplies could also be supplied through air drops .
These operations should be ramped up , immediately .
There is no time to lose .
All browsers : Bookmarklets are an awesome way to pull off cool browser tricks without add - on weight , but they require remembering the right keywords .
Quix is an all - in - one bookmarklet that covers tons of web shortcuts , but also lets you add your own .
Advertisement
Want to get a Google Map pointing at an address , search Twitter for a meme , or email a link ?
Quix has you covered , and probably covers 80 percent of the bookmarklets and quick - search functions you 've already installed .
Once you integrate your browser with Quix , everything you want to do on the net through shortcuts or bookmarklets becomes a simple command — " imdb avatar , " " dict quixotic , " " bitly , " and so on .
It 's like Firefox 's keyword bookmarking , but taken to another level .
Advertisement
Check out what Quix can do in the video above , and at the site itself .
If you 've discovered your own bookmarklet commands you can pass into Quix , tell us about them in the comments .
Quix
As the world descends on Copenhagen this week for the United Nations Climate Change conference , the city 's police must manage protests , secure world leaders , and handle all the other issues that come with a major global event .
Perhaps surprisingly , the force is doing it with Macs .
The Danish Police Department is n't using Apple computers on the go , or keeping in touch with iPhones .
No , the entire central command is now run by Mac Pros and Mac Minis , with not a single PC to be seen .
The Danish police force has been using Macs since 1996 , running NeXTStep .
But five years ago , the force needed to upgrade , as spare parts were becoming scarce .
It started looking around at what systems other countries were running , even touring the UK to find a setup that was innovative enough to catch the force 's eye .
It did n't find one .
Anywhere .
Karsten Hjgaard , Police Inspector and the driving force behind the upgrade , told IT PRO : " We were looking at the leading [ systems ] on the European Market to see what they were able to do for us we did n't like it and went back empty handed . "
Then , two years ago , with the United Nations Climate Change conference looming , a decision needed to be made .
The force 's previous supplier Frontline suggested creating a bespoke system using Macs .
I could n't find my SSs ' reddit name , but here is the letter they included .
Thank you Stan and Liz
When news of Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums ' tax troubles came to light late last year , he told reporters the matter was being handled .
Well , apparently it has not been handled to the satisfaction of Internal Revenue Service officials , who last month added an additional $ 13,000 tax lien on the mayor 's real and personal property .
The Dec. 23 filing , which addresses the mayor 's 2008 taxes , does not state the reason for the additional penalty .
It was filed just one month after disclosure of a $ 239,000 federal tax lien against Dellums and his wife , Cynthia .
That would be a lien on income received in his first year as mayor and it also means the IRS believes the Dellumses paid less than their full tax bill in four consecutive years .
Wow .
Dellums offered no explanation to Oakland residents when reporters from The Chronicle and at least three other media organizations called for comment .
" He 's aware of the situation and is currently dealing with it , " said spokesman Paul Rose on Monday , reading a statement on the tax debacle .
Hmmm .
That 's weird , because Kristin A. Pace , an Oakland tax attorney , says that 's not how it usually works .
" What it ( the latest lien ) indicates to me is this is an ongoing investigation , and it has not been resolved , " she said .
What 's more , the immediate IRS claim for back taxes in 2007 suggests the tax agency is watching closely , Pace added .
" He does have legal options and due process rights , but he's at a point where it could be dismissed summarily because he 's failed to plead his case , " Pace said .
Is there anyone in the Dellums ' camp with the guts or good sense to point out the obvious problem with the mayor staying silent on this issue ?
Dellums has received a paycheck from U.S. taxpayers for more than 30 years , yet feels no obligation to explain to those very same people why he has been unable - or unwilling - to hold up his end of the public contract .
But it 's not only that .
One of the main planks of Dellums ' election campaign was a pledge , a promise , his very word , that he would conduct public business in a public manner .
Transparency was to be a key part of his administration .
It should have been apparent that even Dellums ' election campaign was run in murmurs and whispers .
His citizen task forces , which were charged with creating public policy ideas , were closed to inquiring reporters .
And when Dellums took office in 2007 , he slammed the door shut on the media and the general public .
He attends public relations events when in town , but ignores virtually all media requests .
But for all the success he has had privatizing the most public office in Oakland , Dellums is not going to be able to shut out the IRS .
" There are lots of opportunities in different legal arenas , but the Dellumses are now in a different forum , " Pace said .
" This is the IRS saying ' Hey , you can't ignore us . ' "
Throughout all the turmoil caused by Dellums ' shortcomings , he has appeared as someone who views himself as a notch above the common man .
He arrives to work in a limousine , lives in a palatial estate in the Oakland hills , travels first - class and has a need for five - star lodging and accommodations wherever he goes , whether it 's for city business or for personal reasons .
He is by no means , a man of the people at a time when the people of Oakland desperately need one .
As the economy sputters back to life , gadget makers are preparing a whole raft of hardware for you to buy in 2010 .
Some of it will even be worth purchasing .
Among the highlights : set - top boxes and TVs that will let you kiss off the cable company , 3 - D televisions , increasingly powerful device " platforms " enhanced by massive app stores , e-book readers , a new crop of netbooks , and tiny projectors crammed into everything from cameras to netbooks .
Many of these devices will be on display at the 2010 Consumer Electronics
Show this week in Las Vegas , where more than 110,000 members of the electronics industry will gather to show off their wares and give the world a preview of what gadgets are coming out this year .
It 'll be the second straight year of declining attendance for CES , where attendance topped 130,000 last year , but it 's still a major event in the gadget world .
And Wired 's Gadget Lab team will be there , bringing you the highlights from the show , complete with photos and video .
" CES has been hit by the one - two punch of the general economic travails and the demise of Circuit City , which has led to further retail consolidation , " says Ross Rubin , an executive director at The NPD Group .
However , Rubin says , it 's still a big show – and there will be lots there to appeal to gadget lovers .
It 's unlikely that there will be a single standout star of the show , the way the Palm Pre was at last year 's CES .
" It is such a vast show that it is rare that one product ' steals ' it the way we might see at a small technology conference such as Demo . "
And then there will be the tablets .
Most industry observers , including Gadget Lab , expect Apple to release a tablet device , possibly called the iSlate or iGuide , sometime in 2010 .
Other major manufacturers , including HP , Dell , Intel , Nokia and HTC have been rumored to be working on tablet - style devices .
Smaller companies including Fusion Garage , Notion Ink and ICD have announced plans for tablets in 2010 .
And many publishers , including Wired 's parent company , Conde Nast , are already working on the software to display e-magazines and other content on tablet devices .
But do n't expect much news on the tablet front this week .
Whether their products are n't ready yet or they 're just waiting for Apple to make the first move , most companies rumored to be working on tablets have n't let any details slip yet ( and they are n't expected to say much more in Vegas , no matter how many martinis we ply them with ) .
Until then , we 'll have to content ourselves with imaginary visions of what an Apple tablet might look like – like the one above ?
Read on to find out what we do know about the biggest gadget trends of 2010 .
– Dylan Tweney
Illustration : Courtesy Gluepet
So Long , Cable Company — — — — —— —-
Historians may look at 2010 as the year that gadget technology finally destroyed the cable companies .
And it 's the rise of internet video that is making this happy day possible .
If you 've seen an episode of Dr. Horrible 's Sing - a - long then you know that the web is actually a decent place to get high - quality , original content – much of it free .
As anyone with a high - speed connection and a faint knowledge of Google will confirm , in addition to the aforementioned Dr. Horrible , you can easily check out snippets of 30 Rock on Hulu , take in full episodes of The Office on NBC.com , or watch the latest episodes of The Daily Show on Comedy Central 's site .
TV manufacturers have noticed this trend , and have rapidly made web - connected TVs de rigeur .
We noticed this trend a few months ago , and the latest crop of web - ready TVs that will be announced at CES 2010 will push the trend even further .
Expect streamlined user interfaces , thinner LCD displays and lower prices .
And most importantly , more models to pick from .
Big - name TV makers like Samsung , Panasonic , Sony and Vizio will offer web connectivity over a larger line of their products .
We 're calling it :
If a TV can't access the internet directly in 2010 , it might as well be sitting next to an exhibit of Neanderthals at the Natural History Museum .
When the free video grows a little tiring , for - fee services , led by Netflix , will save the day .
The Xbox 360 , the PS3 and a vast smattering of Blu-ray players all have the capability to stream media from Netflix 's catalog directly to a TV .
Click a button , watch a movie .
It 's that simple .
And the majority of Blu-ray players , gaming consoles and media devices released in 2010 will have Netflix streaming capabilities .
The final stone atop cable TV 's pyramid ?
Video - streaming appliances like the Boxee Box .
On it , you 'll be able to watch any piece of non-DRM - restricted media on the internet , share movies or TV shows with your pals , and stream videos cached on your computer 's hard drive .
And then there 's the Sony PS3 ( read on for our take on that ) .
For lack of a better word , we 'll call these multifeatured , internet - connected , media - streaming set - top boxes " video boxes . "
Expect them to pop up everywhere in 2010 .
Unless you like paying exorbitant prices and enjoy terrible service and smarmy service reps , there 's very little reason to keep your cable provider this year .
– Daniel Dumas
Hello , Do-Everything Device — — — — — —— ——
2009 was the year of apps , as proven by the iPhone 's App Store , which has accrued more than 100,000 offerings to date .
That raises an important question for consumers :
Now that gadgets are powerful , affordable and compact enough to carry everywhere , why would anyone purchase a dedicated device with stagnant , limited functionality ?
( Amazon Kindle , we 're looking at you . )
An internet connection and a software platform enables manufacturers and third - party developers to keep adding to the capabilities of a device , without having to rush major hardware upgrades to market each year .
That 's a win for tech companies and consumers , as it has been for Apple and iPhone customers .
Expect more manufacturers to embrace the " platform " tactic , now that we 've seen how successful it can be for smartphones .
Intel , for example , has announced its own app store for netbooks .
Nintendo , Microsoft and Sony each feature their own online game stores for their console platforms .
The case of Sony 's PlayStation 3 is especially interesting .
Now three years old , the PS3 was once viewed as an overpriced piece of hardware with a meager selection of games .
But now that the console has decreased in size and price while gaining features ( e.g. Netflix ) and a slew of popular new titles , the PS3 could be more attractive than ever for consumers .
In 2010 , Sony has a number of exclusive games launching for PS3 , including Final Fantasy 13 , Uncharted 2 , God of War 3 , Heavy Rain and The Last Guardian , which analysts believe is the tech titan 's last chance to reclaim a sizable chunk of the gaming space .
But it 's notable that the device does n't depend on games alone :
It 's also an admirable Blu-ray player and its support for streaming video means it 's slowly turning into a capable set - top box .
If Sony succeeds , it'll prove that the strategy of future - proofing works , so long as you start off with a flexible platform .
Could this change the way companies approach hardware upgrades ?
Maybe :
If you can give consumers new features through software updates , it means you can go years between hardware upgrades , as opposed to every six months .
Whatever the case may be , it 's clear that tech corporations are interested not just in releasing hardware , but also in platforms to enrich ( and control ) their product experiences .
– Brian Chen
Photo credit : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Here Come the Smartbooks and ' Notbooks ' — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Given the weak economy , netbooks are still hot sellers .
So , it 's no surprise that manufacturers are trying to milk the trend .
In 2010 , expect a wider variety of sizes in the low - budget - computer price range ( $ 300 to $ 500 ) .
Some will go big : Several companies will roll out 11 - and 12 - inch budget notebooks with the same guts as netbooks .
These devices will be like the Samsung NC20 – the best netbook Wired reviewed in 2009 .
The tech industry has been quick to coin a term for these kind - of - sort - of - netbook devices : " notbooks . "
Some will go small : Several manufacturers are planning " smartbooks , " which are even smaller than a netbook and have built - in wireless data connections .
For instance , Lenovo will announce a smartbook powered by an ARM processor on Qualcomm 's Snapdragon platform , and AT&T will provide its wireless connectivity , according to Qualcomm .
This super- tiny , wireless - enabled device echoes the Nokia Booklet released in 2009 .
And let 's not forget Google , which is partnering with manufacturers to produce netbooks equipped with flash drives and running the open source , browser - based Google Chrome OS .
Chrome OS devices will feature bigger screens , keyboards and trackpads , according to Google , so they could be considered notbooks as well .
Is the era of the netbook over ?
Perhaps the 10 - inch devices we know of today will go away if consumers prefer any of the notbook offerings emerging in 2010 .
But clearly , the effects of the netbook era will be seen for years to come .
– Brian Chen
Photo credit : Priya Ganapati/Wired.com
E-Book Readers Get Competitive — — — — — — —— ——
People worldwide bought about 5 million e-book readers in 2009 .
But the party has just begun .
The e-reader market is set to heat up as new entrants promise to make the Sony Reader , Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble Nook look like the primitive , version 1.0 devices they are .
Among the most interesting new products of 2010 is likely to be the Plastic Logic Que e-reader .
Que , with its 8.5 x 11 - inch touchscreen display , is a large notepad - like device that promises more features than the Kindle DX and is targeted at business users .
Plastic Logic says it will announce the pricing and availability of the device at CES this week .
For consumers not entirely sold on e-readers , hybrid e-readers such as the eDGe might help them overcome their reluctance .
Entourage , a company based in McLean , Virginia , will show a $ 450 dual - screen device this week that combines a netbook and an e-reader ( mockups of which appear above ) .
The eDGe will fold like a book and will have a black - and - white E Ink display on one side that can be used for reading ebooks .
The right half of the device will have an LCD touchscreen for browsing the internet , taking notes and running apps .
Other small manufacturers such as Notion Ink are also likely to have e-reader - tablet hybrids based on screens from Pixel Qi. Pixel Qi’s 3
Qi displays will operate in three settings : a full - color , bright , conventional LCD mode ; a very low - power , sunlight - readable , reflective e-paper mode ; and a low - power , basic color transflective mode .
The 3 Qi displays are just entering production in early 2010 , so expect them to show up in devices you can buy later this year .
But 2010 's biggest introduction is likely to be color displays for e-readers .
Qualcomm will show its
Mirasol technology , a low - power reflective color display that refreshes rapidly enough to support video .
E Ink , whose screens are now in almost all e-readers today , is likely to have a competitive product in 2010 , as well .
Color e-readers could make it to market in time for the next holiday season .
– Priya Ganapati
You Will Want a 3 - D TV — — — — — — ——
James Cameron 's mega - movie Avatar was a 3 - D holiday sensation .
But did viewers love it enough to want a similar experience at home ?
Major TV manufacturers think so , and will flood the floor of CES with 3 - D televisions this year .
Leading the charge is likely to be Sony , which showed demos of a 3 - D TV in 2009 .
Sony is likely to unveil a new 3 - D TV product that will be available in late 2010 .
Other TV manufacturers such as JVC , LG , Mitsubishi and Panasonic will also show large - screen 3 - D TVs .
What will set them all apart is the kind of technology they use to trick the brain into perceiving the 3 - D effect .
Sony and Panasonic are likely to show TVs that use active - shutter technology .
In it , images meant for your left and right eyes alternate rapidly on the HDTV screen , while you wear a special pair of glasses with electronic shutters that open and close rapidly .
Each shutter is synchronized to transmit the wanted image and block out the unwanted one .
Wearing glasses is cumbersome and unwieldy , so LG and Sharp are working on 3 - D TVs that will require no glasses .
The tradeoff :
They will require an optimum viewing distance of about 13 feet for the 3 - D effect to work properly .
CES is likely to be the place where early versions of such a device could debut .
Meanwhile , various companies , including Nvidia , will show products that allow faster 3 - D video playback on Blu-ray players .
What good is a 3 - D TV without movies or games to watch ?
DirecTV hopes to have the answer to that .
The company plans to offer an all - HD 3 - D channel , the details of which it will announce at CES .
DirecTV ’s HDTV satellite receivers can show 3 - D content after a firmware upgrade , the company says .
Still , it 's an open question whether people really want to go to the expense and trouble of installing 3 - D display systems in their living rooms .
Given the high prices and the tradeoffs ( glasses , fixed viewing distances ) , our bet is that any real growth in 3 - D televisions is a few years away .
For now , we 're sticking with our 2 - D televisions .
– Priya Ganapati
Photo credit : Jonathan Snyder / Wired.com
Pocket Projectors Get Huge — — — — — — ——
–
For years , companies have promised tiny " pico projectors , " movie projectors small enough to fit inside a cellphone but powerful enough to throw a TV - sized image onto the wall .
In 2010 , they 're finally coming into the mainstream .
Nikon made the first real mainstream pico product when it launched the Coolpix S1000 pj this year – it has a projector inside for impromptu slideshows .
Samsung has even crammed one of these tiny devices into a cellphone , the W7900 , and was showing it off at CES last year .
But otherwise , the pico projector market has been limited to standalone devices like WowWee 's iPhone - compatible Cinemin line .
Such devices are small , to be sure , but they 're still one more thing to carry .
At CES 2010 , we expect to see pico projectors appearing in more and more devices .
Cameras are the obvious destination , but camcorders are more accommodating .
Additionally , movies suffer less than still photos from being shown in rooms that are less than perfectly dark and on surfaces that are n't perfectly smooth and white ( your average dorm - room wall , for example ) .
And what about netbooks , or even just regular laptops ?
These are increasingly used to watch movies , and I know I ’d rather have my computer beam Inglourious Basterds onto the ceiling as I lie beneath , rather than sitting up and balancing a hot notebook on my knees for two - and - a - half hours .
Also look out for more projectors using Laser - Beam - Steering , or LBS , technology .
This uses three lasers ( red , green and blue ) instead of the single colored light source used in DLP ( Digital Light Processing ) and LCoS ( Liquid Crystal on Silicon ) projection .
Laser projectors are also smaller , always in focus , give a brighter image and use less power .
They are also , we probably do n’t need to add , made of frickin ' lasers .
What else do you need ?
– Charlie Sorrel
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/11/2010
Because apparently being gay is itself a ' scandal '
by Jeremy Hooper
Larry Craig , a man with a firmly anti-LGBT voting record , was hauled in by a cop for allegedly soliciting airport bathroom sex .
Mark Sanford , a " values " governor , was found to be cheating on his wife .
Mark Foley was involved in a scandal with young congressional pages .
All of these situations were investigated not because of the lead characters ' actual or perceived sexual orientation alone .
The reason why they were noteworthy is because of hypocrisy and impropriety ( whether real or alleged ) .
Yet to longtime foe of the ' mos Sandy Rios , there is absolutely no difference between any of the aforementioned incidents and the possibility that another lawmaker , congressman and senatorial candidate Mark Kirk , is a gay man .
In fact , she wants Kirk investigated for that reason alone :
Congressman Mark Kirk , one of the Republican candidates for Senate to fill Barack Obama 's seat , has been " outed " by one of his primary opponents .
Chicago newspapers are rushing to condemn the accuser / candidate .
So are Republican leaders in the state .
They are appalled by the accusation and Congressman Kirk 's campaign is declaring it " demeaning to the political process . "
I do n't remember any such outrage at the accusation of Governor Mark Sanford for alleged adultery .
I seem to remember newsmen and cameras running to South America simply to confirm or deny .
I do n't remember outrage over Senator Larry Craig and his " outing " for bathroom flirtation , just more " investigating " to find the truth .
The candidate who " outed " Kirk is the least credible of those in the primary .
His record of outrageous claims makes it impossible to take him seriously much less believe what he says .
But in this case , press and Republicans alike are rushing to pooh - pooh what , in spite of the weakness of the messenger , has been the topic of discussion in Washington and elsewhere for quite some time .
So , where is the reporting ?
Where are the cameras ?
The gleaning of records ?
The follow - up on accusations ?
Do we have a right to know if candidates are gay ?
[ ONN ]
Witch hunt .
Look , we think any and everyone should be as out and open as their situation will allow , and it would seem that a grown adult who serves in Congress would have the stability needed to be an openly gay man .
Homosexuality should not be a story at all .
There is no " there " there .
But in terms of Kirk :
This is not someone who has been harassing the gay population via his voting record .
This is not someone who has been credibly cited with wrongdoing or impropriety .
If he was , then that would be a different story altogether .
But as far as any of us know , Congressman Kirk is simply a person with a sexuality , be it G , B , S , or whatever .
If he is a closeted man , then that 's his own thing .
We 'd certainly encourage him to stand up and represent .
However , it is beyond offensive to directly to compare the public 's " right to know " about Kirk 's sexual orientation to the public 's right to know about Foley / Craig / Sanford /etc !
Plus , it 's completely absurd to act as if the American press has even ignored the situation .
There are 110 stories in Google News for the search " ' Mark Kirk ' " gay . "
Of course the press is going to bite on something like this , to some degree .
If Sandy wants an " investigation , " she is getting one !
The difference is that she wants raised questions to instead be raised pitchforks and torches , designed to smear a candidate for no virtue beyond his simple sexual orientation .
She wo n't admit that , of course .
But by putting pen to paper for the sole sake of de-closeting , she has tipped her hand .
Your thoughts
Mercy !
She even managed to squeeze a dig at Kevin Jennings out of it .
Posted by : a. mcewen | Jan 11 , 2010 12:07:32 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
CLEVELAND ( AP ) 
A judge has rejected a plea deal for a Cleveland bus driver who was on her cellphone when her bus struck and killed a man in a crosswalk in March .
Fifty - year - old Angela Williams is charged with aggravated vehicular homicide .
The charge carries a maximum penalty of up to five years in prison .
Cuyahoga ( ky - uh - HOH ' - guh ) County Common Pleas Judge Shirley Strickland - Saffold on Thursday refused to sign off on a deal in which Williams would plead guilty to a lesser charge of vehicular homicide and serve up to six months in jail .
The judge said the deal was not the best way to serve justice .
Opening statements in the trial are expected Friday .
Williams was fired .
Bus drivers in Cleveland are prohibited from using cellphones while behind the wheel .
__
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Apple has quietly settled a lawsuit over its advertising practices in connection to the displays used on the MacBook and MacBook Pro .
As usual , the terms were not disclosed , but the circumstances make it appear that Apple was n't the only party trying to make the lawsuit go away .
The plaintiffs , Fred Greaves and Dave Gatley , originally brought the suit against Apple in May of 2007 , alleging that Apple 's displays were " grainy " and " sparkly , " and that some customers had observed banding ( when the display shows you bands of different shades when it is supposed to display a smooth gradient ) .
Their proof , aside from their own observations , were pages of printed discussion threads from Apple 's support forums .
The lawsuit alleged that customers who complained about the displays were allegedly told that they were being too picky or that they were imagining the problems .
An example of color banding from Wikimedia.org
What the problem ultimately came down to was Apple 's advertisement of " millions of colors " on its displays and its apparent use of dithering in order to achieve those " millions . "
The traditional 16.7 million colors advertised for many displays can be achieved through an 8 - bit channel , but the plaintiffs believed that Apple actually used 6 - bit displays , which generate 262,144 discreet colors before dithering .
Apple does not advertise where its displays come from , but some digging showed at the time that Apple did make use of 6 - bit displays in its MacBook and MacBook Pro lines .
The plaintiffs called this an illusion : " The reality is that notwithstanding Apple 's misrepresentations and suggestions that its MacBook and MacBook Pro display ' millions of colors , ' the displays are only capable of displaying the illusion of millions of colors through the use of a software technique referred to as ' dithering , ' which causes nearby pixels on the display to use slightly varying shades of colors that trick the human eye into perceiving the desired color even though it is not truly that color . "
At the time , the plaintiffs were seeking to turn the suit into a class action , as they believed that a large number of people had suffered from Apple 's apparent bending of the truth — particularly those who rely on color accuracy in their displays , like photographers .
However , according to a Chicago Tribune blog , they were apparently unable to get other members to join the class .
" [ I ] it was difficult to find other people who were wronged because they had bought Macs solely based on the ' millions of colors ' claim , " a San Diego County Superior Court clerk told Tribune writer Eric Gwinn .
Why could that be ?
Some commenters noted that digital cameras are capable of shooting 10 bits per channel and that Photoshop can edit up to 16 - bit , so Apple 's use of 6 - bit displays is not only unsuitable for the professional photographer , but its advertising that it is suitable is even worse .
However , even many of the better displays on the market are only 8 - bit per channel — those photographers who want to edit things in 16 - bit are either using very high - end displays or already settling for something lesser .
In the end , it appears as though Apple and the plaintiffs decided to cut their losses .
Although we wo n't know what amount the company settled for , Apple - watchers are sure to keep an eye on Apple 's advertising to see whether it changes over the next few MacBook and MacBook Pro revisions .
Watching television for hour upon hour obviously is n’t the best way to spend leisure time -- inactivity has been linked to obesity and heart disease .
But a new study quantifies TV viewing ’s effect on risk of death .
Researchers found that each hour a day spent watching TV was linked with an 18 % greater risk of dying from cardiovascular disease , an 11 % greater risk of all causes of death , and a 9 % increased risk of death from cancer .
FOR THE RECORD :
Effects of TV viewing :
The headline on an article in Tuesday ’s Section A that said “ Hours sitting in front of TV found to shorten life ” overstated the results of a study .
As the article stated , researchers found a statistical relationship between long hours of TV viewing and a shortened life span , but the study did not go so far as to find a direct cause . —
The study , released Monday in Circulation , a journal of the American Heart Assn. , looked at health data among 8,800 men and women older than 25 who were part of the Australian Diabetes , Obesity and Lifestyle Study .
Participants recorded their television viewing hours for a week , and researchers separated the results by amount of viewing : those who watched less than two hours of TV a day , those who watched two to four hours a day , and those who watched more than four hours a day .
The subjects also had oral glucose tolerance tests to determine blood sugar and gave blood samples to establish cholesterol levels at the beginning of the study .
People with a history of cardiovascular disease were not included .
In a follow up about six years later , 87 people had died due to cardiovascular disease and 125 of cancer .
Researchers found a strong connection between TV hours and death from cardiovascular disease , not just among the overweight and obese , but among people who had a healthy weight and exercised .
People who watched more than four hours a day showed an 80 % greater risk of death from cardiovascular disease and a 46 % higher risk of all causes of death compared with those who watched fewer than two hours a day , suggesting that being sedentary could have general deleterious effects .
The numbers were the same after the researchers controlled for smoking , high blood pressure , high cholesterol , an unhealthy diet and leisure - time exercise .
“ What we showed was that irrespective of a person ’s exercise level , sitting for four or more hours watching television was linked to a significant increase in risk of death compared to watching lower amounts of TV , ” said Dr. David Dunstan , lead author of the study and professor and head of the Physical Activity Laboratory at the Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute in Victoria , Australia .
“ The message here is that in addition to promoting regular exercise , we also need to promote avoiding long periods of sitting , such as spending long hours in front of the computer screen . ”
To him , the results were n’t unexpected .
“ When we ’re in that sitting posture , we ’re not using our muscles , and we know from extensive evidence that muscle contractions are important for the body ’s regulatory processes , such as the ability to break down glucose and use it as energy . ”
That can cause insulin resistance , which can trigger a spike in blood sugar levels , possibly leading to type 2 diabetes .
Dr. Prediman K. Shah , director of the cardiology division of the Cedars - Sinai Heart Institute , agreed .
He pointed out that muscles become deconditioned when not used , triggering harmful physiological changes .
“ If your activity is slowing down , you metabolize cholesterol less and synthesize it more , ” he said .
Even sporadic exercisers who sit for long periods need to increase their daily activity .
“ The physical activity we do over a 24 - hour period is important , ” says Dr. Gerald F. Fletcher , a cardiologist at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville , Fla. , and a spokesman for the American Heart Assn .
That means taking the stairs instead of the elevator , gardening , walking the dog . . .
“ For couch potatoes , sitting on your duff is hazardous to your health , ” Shah said .
“ The bottom line is keep moving . ”
jeannine.stein@latimes.com
Copenhagen , December 12 , 2009 .
Photo by Lauren Carroll Harris .
By Fidel Castro Ruz
December 19 , 2009 -- Until very recently , the discussion revolved around the kind of society we would have .
Today , the discussion centres on whether human society will survive .
These are not dramatic phrases .
We must get used to the true facts .
Hope is the last thing human beings can relinquish .
With truthful arguments , men and women of all ages , especially young people , have waged an exemplary battle at the Copengahen COP15 summit and taught the world a great lesson .
It is important now that Cuba and the world come to know as much as possible of what happened in Copenhagen .
The truth can be stronger than the influenced and often misinformed minds of those holding in their hands the destiny of the world .
If anything significant was achieved in the Danish capital , it was that the media coverage allowed the world public to watch the political chaos created there and the humiliating treatment accorded to heads of states or governments , ministers and thousands of representatives of social movements and institutions who in hope and expectation travelled to Copenhagen .
The brutal repression of peaceful protesters by police was a reminder of the behaviour of the Nazi assault troops who occupied Denmark on April 1940 .
But no one could have thought that on December 18 , 2009 , the last day of the summit , this would be suspended by the Danish government – a NATO ally associated with the carnage in Afghanistan – to offer the conference ’s plenary hall to US President Obama for a meeting where only he and a selected group of guests , 16 in all , would have the exclusive right to speak .
Obama ’s deceitful , demagogic and ambiguous remarks failed to involve a binding commitment and ignored the Kyoto Framework Convention .
He then left the room shortly after listening to a few other speakers .
Among those invited to take the floor were the highest industrialised nations , several emerging economies and some of the poorest countries in the world .
The leaders and representatives of more 170 countries were only allowed to listen .
At the end of the speeches of the 16 chosen , Bolivia 's President Evo Morales , with the authority of his indigenous Aymara origins and his recent reelection with 65 % of the vote , as well as the support of two - thirds of the Bolivian lower house and Senate , requested the floor .
The Danish president had no choice but to yield to the insistence of the other delegations .
When Evo had concluded his wise and deep observations , the Danish had to give the floor to Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez .
Both speeches will be registered by history as examples of short and timely remarks .
Then , with their mission duly accomplished , they both left for their respective countries .
But when Obama disappeared , he had yet to fulfill his task in the host country .
From the evening of December 17 and the early morning hours of December 18 , the prime minister of Denmark and senior representatives of the United States had been meeting with the chairperson of the European Commission and the leaders of 27 nations to introduce to them -- on behalf of Obama -- a draft agreement in whose elaboration none of the other leaders of the rest of the world had taken part .
It was an anti-democratic and practically clandestine initiative that disregarded the thousands of representatives of social movements , scientific and religious institutions and other participants in the summit .
Through the night of the 18th and until 3 am of the 19th , when many heads of state had already departed , the representatives of the world 's countries waited for the resumption of the conference and the conclusion of the event .
Throughout December 18 , Obama held meetings and press conferences , as did the European leaders .
Then , they left .
Something unexpected happened then : at three in the morning on December 19 , the prime minister of Denmark convened a meeting to conclude the summit .
By then , the countries were represented by ministers , officials , ambassadors and technical staff .
Amazing battle
However , an amazing battle was waged that morning by a group of representatives of Third World countries challenging the attempt by Obama and the wealthiest on the planet to introduce a document imposed by the United States as one agreed by consensus in the summit .
The representative of Venezuela , Claudia Salerno , showed with impressive energy her right hand bleeding from strongly slamming on the table to claim her right to take the floor .
Her tone of voice and the dignity of her arguments will never be forgotten .
The minister of foreign affairs of Cuba made a vigorous speech of approximately 1000 words from which I have chosen a few paragraphs :
The document that you , Mister Chairman , repeatedly claimed that did not exist shows up now . [… ] we have seen drafts circulating surreptitiously and being discussed in secret meetings …
… I deeply resent the way you have led this conference .
… Cuba considers the text of this apocryphal draft extremely inadequate and inadmissible .
The goal of 2 degrees centigrade is unacceptable and it would have incalculable catastrophic consequences …
The document that you are unfortunately introducing is not binding in any way with respect to the reduction of the greenhouse effect gas emissions .
I am aware of the previous drafts , which also through questionable and clandestine procedures , were negotiated by small groups of people …
The document you are introducing now fails to include the already meager and lacking key phrases contained in that draft … … as far as Cuba is concerned , it is incompatible with the universally recognized scientific view sustaining that it is urgent and inescapable to ensure the reduction of at least 45 % of the emissions by the year 2020 , and of no less than 80 % or 90 % by 2050 .
Any argument on the continuation of the negotiations to reach agreement in the future to cut down emissions must inevitably include the concept of the validity of the Kyoto Protocol [ … ]
Your paper , Mister Chairman , is a death certificate of the Kyoto Protocol and my delegation cannot accept it .
The Cuban delegation would like to emphasize the preeminence of the principle of ‘ common by differentiated responsibilities , ’ as the core of the future process of negotiations .
Your paper does not include a word on that .
This draft declaration fails to mention concrete financial commitments and the transfers of technologies to developing countries , which are part of the obligations contracted by the developed countries under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change [ … ]
Mister Chairman , by imposing their interests through your document , the developed nations are avoiding any concrete commitment .
… What you , Mister Chairman , define as ‘ a group of representative leaders ’ is to me a gross violation of the principle of sovereign equality consecrated in the United Nations Charter … Mr. Chairman , I formally request that this statement be included in the final report of the works of this regrettable and shameful 15th session of the Conference of the Parties .
The representatives of countries had been given only one hour to present their views .
This led to complicated , shameful and embarrassing situations .
Then , a lengthy debate ensued where the delegations from the developed countries put heavy pressure on the rest to make the conference adopt the above - mentioned document as the final result of their deliberations .
A small number of countries firmly insisted on the grave omissions and ambiguities of the document promoted by the United States , particularly the absence of a commitment by the developed countries on the reduction of carbon emissions and on the financing that would allow the global South countries to adopt alleviating and adjustment measures .
After a long and extremely tense discussion , the position of the ALBA countries and Sudan , as president of the G - 77 , prevailed that the document was unacceptable to the conference thus it could not be adopted .
In view of the absence of consensus , the conference could only “ take note ” of the existence of that document representing the position of a group of about 25 countries .
After that decision was made – at 10.30 in the morning Denmark time – Bruno , together with other ALBA representatives , had a friendly discussion with the UN secretary to whom they expressed their willingness to continue struggling alongside the United Nations to prevent the terrible consequences of climate change .
Their mission completed , our foreign minister and Cuba 's vice - president Esteban Lazo departed to come back home and attend the National Assembly session .
A few members of the delegation and the ambassador stayed in Copenhagen to take part in the final procedures .
This afternoon they reported the following :
… both , those who were involved in the elaboration of the document , and those like the President of the United States who anticipated its adoption by the conference …as they could not disregard the decision to simply ‘ take note ’ of the alleged ‘ Copenhagen Agreement , ’ they tried to introduce a procedure allowing the other COP countries that had not been a part of the shady deal to adhere to it , and make it public , the intention being to pretend such an agreement was legal , something that could precondition the results of the negotiations that should carry on .
Such belated attempt was again firmly opposed by Cuba , Venezuela and Bolivia .
These countries warned that a document which had not been adopted by the Convention could not be considered legal and that there was not a COP document ; therefore , no regulations could be established for its alleged adoption …
This is how the meeting in Copenhagen is coming to an end , without the adoption of the document surreptitiously worked out in the past few days under the clear ideological guidance of the US Administration …
Tomorrow our attention will be focused on the National Assembly .
Lazo , Bruno and the other members of the delegation will be arriving at midnight today .
On December 21 , the minister of foreign affairs will be able to explain in detail and with the necessary accuracy the truth of what happened at the summit .
Be sure to crack open a cold one on Jan. 24 , the day canned beer celebrates its 75th birthday .
New Jersey 's Gottfried Krueger Brewing Company churned out the world 's first beer can in 1935 , stocking select shelves in Richmond , Va. , as a market test .
The experiment took off and American drinkers have n't looked back since , nowadays choosing cans over bottles for the majority of the 22 gallons of beer they each drink per year , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
Canned brewskies may have only hit shelves in 1935 , but the drink 's history goes back much further — at least 6,000 years , in fact , to ancient Iraq .
Though it is impossible to tell just how many important decisions in world history were lubricated by a pint or two , the potent potable has played a role in at least a few milestone events , from the plagues of medieval Europe to the founding of the United States .
Who drank the first fermented wheat ?
Beer is nearly as old as civilization itself , historians believe , as the accidental fermentation of wheat or barley — which produces a rudimentary beer — almost certainly occurred soon after the advent of crop agriculture ( the question becoming then who was the first to volunteer to drink a murky pool of wheat water ? ) .
The first concrete archaeological evidence of the first beer comes from Iraq , where ancient Sumerians built the first agriculture - based cities approximately 6,000 years ago .
A stone seal discovered and dated to that era actually details the beer - making process in a poem dedicated to Ninkasi , the Sumerian goddess of brewing .
Two millennia later , Babylonians living in the same area had perfected at least 20 different brews .
Brewing was a highly regarded profession and almost the exclusive domain of the society 's women , as females were also responsible for turning grain into bread .
Beer was enormously popular with the masses in all early civilizations , historians believe , since grain was readily available and the fermentation process relatively easy .
It was also viewed as an important source of nutrition and often rationed as payment ; the laborers that built the Great Pyramids in Cairo , for example , were paid partly in beer .
Egyptians did n't look down upon the drink , however .
Pots of beer also accompanied pharaohs into the afterlife , along with other food , gold and priceless offerings placed in their tombs .
Medieval monks make money
During the Middle Ages , European monks began to make and drink their own stock during periods of fast as a way to avoid malnutrition .
The nutritional properties of beer remained important through the medieval period , when plagues made water sources questionable .
Having gone through a cooking and boiling process , beer was considered a trusted alternative , offering some cherished calories to boot .
Though many households did their own brewing , monastic beers were generally far superior and led many townspeople to visit their local monasteries for a mug of beer and a meal .
The bed - and - brew houses that monks opened to accommodate pilgrims traveling through are considered the precursor to the modern hospitality industry , historians say .
In addition to helping many medieval Europeans through times of famine and sickness , beer may have been partially responsible for populating the New World a few centuries later .
The pilgrims sailing from England to America aboard the Mayflower in 1620 originally intended to land at Virginia , but arrived badly off course in Cape Cod instead .
Realizing their mistake , they debated continuing on to their original destination , but ruled against it due to a general lack of rations and especially beer , according to historical documents .
The colony of Plymouth , where pilgrims shared beer produced from barley crops during the first Thanksgiving , was the result .
Prohibition shapes American tastes
Beer - making got a major boost during the Industrial Revolution , when steam power and artificial cooling made beers quicker to produce and easier to store .
Breweries subsequently became a big business across Europe and the United States — stymied there only temporarily during the Prohibition years of 1919 to 1933 .
Ironically , it was the Prohibition that ultimately shaped the American population 's taste for beer .
The stronger beer that was the norm before Prohibition gave way to much weaker varieties afterwards , as people had become accustomed to bootlegged brews , which were always watered down for maximum profit .
The Gottfried Krueger Brewing Company capitalized on the reintroduction of alcohol in the United States in short order , introducing their beers in cans rather than bottles in stores in 1935 .
The 30 - kilometre Gangotri glacier is steadily retreating ( Image : Jesse Allen / Earth Observatory / Aster Science Team / NASA )
Glaciologists are this week arguing over how a highly contentious claim about the speed at which glaciers are melting came to be included in the latest report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
In 1999 New Scientist reported a comment by the leading Indian glaciologist Syed Hasnain , who said in an email interview with this author that all the glaciers in the central and eastern Himalayas could disappear by 2035 .
Hasnain , of Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi , who was then chairman of the International Commission on Snow and Ice ’s working group on Himalayan glaciology , has never repeated the prediction in a peer - reviewed journal .
He now says the comment was “ speculative ” .
Advertisement
Despite the 10 - year - old New Scientist report being the only source , the claim found its way into the IPCC fourth assessment report published in 2007 .
Moreover the claim was extrapolated to include all glaciers in the Himalayas .
High probability
Chapter 10 of the report says : “ Glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world . ”
The inclusion of this statement has angered many glaciologists , who regard it as unjustified .
Vijay Raina , a leading Indian glaciologist , wrote in a discussion paper published by the Indian government in November that there is no sign of “ abnormal ” retreat in Himalayan glaciers .
India ’s environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , accused the IPCC of being “ alarmist ” .
The IPCC ’s chairman , Rajendra Pachauri , has hit back , denouncing the Indian government report as “ voodoo science ” lacking peer review .
He adds that “ we have a very clear idea of what is happening ” in the Himalayas .
‘ Disturbing ’ prediction
The IPCC report sources the prediction to a document published by the environment group WWF in 2005 ; this document quotes the New Scientist article as its source .
The WWF report describes the prediction as “ disturbing ” , without specifically endorsing it .
Nonetheless , the IPCC report goes further , concluding without citing further evidence that the prediction is “ very likely ” – a term that it says means a likelihood of greater than 90 per cent .
Graham Cogley , a geographer from Trent University in Peterborough , Ontario , Canada , says the 2035 date is extremely unlikely .
“ At current melting rates it might take up to 10 times longer , ” he says .
Grey literature
However , the lead author of the IPCC chapter , Indian glaciologist Murari Lal , told New Scientist he “ outright rejected ” the notion that the IPCC was off the mark on Himalayan glaciers .
“ The IPCC authors did exactly what was expected from them , ” he says .
“ We relied rather heavily on grey [ not peer - reviewed ] literature , including the WWF report , ” Lal says .
“ The error , if any , lies with Dr Hasnain ’s assertion and not with the IPCC authors . ”
But Hasnain rejects that .
He blames the IPCC for misusing a remark he made to a journalist .
“ The magic number of 2035 has not [ been ] mentioned in any research papers written by me , as no peer - reviewed journal will accept speculative figures , ” he told New Scientist .
“ It is not proper for IPCC to include references from popular magazines or newspapers , ” Hasnain adds .
New York Tribune , in which Mr. Carl Van Doren is on my side and Mr. Albert Payson Terhune on that of the canine tribe .
From this I would be glad to plagiarise such data as I need ; but Mr. Morton , with genuinely Machiavellian subtlety , has furnished me with only a part of the feline section whilst submitting the doggish brief in full .
No doubt he imagines that this arrangement , in view of my own emphatic bias , makes for something like ultimate fairness ; but for me it is exceedingly inconvenient , since it will force me to be more or less original in several parts of the ensuing remarks .
Between dogs and cats my degree of choice is so great that it would never occur to me to compare the two .
I have no active dislike for dogs , any more than I have for monkeys , human beings , negroes , cows , sheep , or pterodactyls ; but for the cat I have entertained a particular respect and affection ever since the earliest days of my infancy .
In its flawless grace and superior self - sufficiency I have seen a symbol of the perfect beauty and bland impersonality of the universe itself , objectively considered ; and in its air of silent mystery there resides for me all the wonder and fascination of the unknown .
The dog appeals to cheap and facile emotions ; the cat to the deepest founts of imagination and cosmic perception in the human mind .
It is no accident that the contemplative Egyptians , together with such later poetic spirits as Poe , Gautier , Baudelaire , and Swinburne , were all sincere worshippers of the supple grimalkin .
Naturally , one ’s preference in the matter of cats and dogs depends wholly upon one ’s temperament and point of view .
The dog would appear to me to be the favourite of superficial , sentimental , emotional , and democratic people — people who feel rather than think , who attach importance to mankind and the popular conventional emotions of the simple , and who find their greatest consolation in the fawning and dependent attachments of a gregarious society .
Such people live in a limited world of imagination ; accepting uncritically the values of common folklore , and always preferring to have their naive beliefs , feelings , and prejudices tickled , rather than to enjoy a purely aesthetic and philosophic pleasure arising from discrimination , contemplation , and the recognition of austere absolute beauty .
This is not to say that the cheaper emotions do not also reside in the average cat - lover ’s love of cats , but merely to point out that in ailurophily there exists a basis of true aestheticism which kynophily does not possess .
The real lover of cats is one who demands a clearer adjustment to the universe than ordinary household platitudes provide ; one who refuses to swallow the sentimental notion that all good people love dogs , children , and horses while all bad people dislike and are disliked by such .
He is unwilling to set up himself and his cruder feelings as a measure of universal values , or to allow shallow ethical notions to warp his judgment .
In a word , he had rather admire and respect than effuse and dote ; and does not fall into the fallacy that pointless sociability and friendliness , or slavering devotion and obedience , constitute anything intrinsically admirable or exalted .
Dog -lovers base their whole case on these commonplace , servile , and plebeian qualities , and amusingly judge the intelligence of a pet by its degree of conformity to their own wishes .
Catlovers escape this delusion , repudiate the idea that cringing subservience and sidling companionship to man are supreme merits , and stand free to worship aristocratic independence , self - respect , and individual personality joined to extreme grace and beauty as typified by the cool , lithe , cynical , and unconquered lord of the housetops .
Persons of commonplace ideas — unimaginative worthy burghers who are satisfied with the daily round of things and who subscribe to the popular credo of sentimental values — will always be dog-lovers .
To them nothing will ever be more important than themselves and their own more primitive feelings , and they will never cease to esteem and glorify the fellow - animal who best typifies these .
Such persons are submerged in the vortex of Oriental idealism and abasement which ruined classic civilisation in the Dark Ages , and live in a bleak world of abstract sentimental values wherein the mawkish illusions of meekness , devotion , gentleness , brotherhood , and whining humility are magnified into supreme virtues , and a whole false ethic and philosophy erected on the timid reactions of the flexor system of muscles .
This heritage , ironically foisted on us when Roman politics raised the faith of a whipped and broken people to supremacy in the later empire , has naturally kept a strong hold over the weak and the sentimentally thoughtless ; and perhaps reached its culmination in the insipid nineteenth century , when people were wont to praise dogs “ because they are so human ” ( as if humanity were any valid standard of merit ! ) , and honest Edwin Landseer painted hundreds of smug Fidoes and Carlos and Rovers with all the anthropoid triviality , pettiness , and “ cuteness ” of eminent Victorians .
But amidst this chaos of intellectual and emotional grovelling a few free souls have always stood out for the old civilised realities which mediaevalism eclipsed — the stern classic loyalty to truth , strength , and beauty given by a clear mind and uncowed spirit to the full - living Western Aryan confronted by Nature ’s majesty , loveliness , and aloofness .
This is the virile aesthetic and ethic of the extensor muscles — the bold , buoyant , assertive beliefs and preferences of proud , dominant , unbroken , and unterrified conquerors , hunters , and warriors — and it has small use for the shams and whimperings of the brotherly , affection - slobbering peacemaker and cringer and sentimentalist .
Beauty and sufficiency — twin qualities of the cosmos itself — are the gods of this aristocratic and pagan type ; to the worshipper of such eternal things the supreme virtue will not be found in lowliness , attachment , obedience , and emotional messiness .
This sort of worshipper will look for that which best embodies the loveliness of the stars and the worlds and the forests and the seas and the sunsets , and which best acts out the blandness , lordliness , accuracy , self - sufficiency , cruelty , independence , and contemptuous and capricious impersonality of all - governing Nature .
Beauty — coolness — aloofness — philosophic repose — self - sufficiency — untamed mastery — where else can we find these things incarnated with even half the perfection and completeness that mark their incarnation in the peerless and softly gliding cat , which performs its mysterious orbit with the relentless and unobtrusive certainty of a planet in infinity ?
That dogs are dear to the unimaginative peasant - burgher whilst cats appeal to the sensitive poet - aristocrat - philosopher will be clear in a moment when we reflect on the matter of biological association .
Practical plebeian folk judge a thing only by its immediate touch , taste , and smell ; while more delicate types form their estimates from the linked images and ideas which the object calls up in their minds .
Now when dogs and cats are considered , the stolid churl sees only the two animals before him , and bases his favour on their relative capacity to pander to his sloppy , unformed ideas of ethics and friendship and flattering subservience .
On the other hand the gentleman and thinker sees each in all its natural affiliations , and cannot fail to notice that in the great symmetries of organic life dogs fall in with slovenly wolves and foxes and jackals and coyotes and dingoes and painted hyaenas , whilst cats walk proudly with the jungle ’s lords , and own the haughty lion , the sinuous leopard , the regal tiger , and the shapely panther and jaguar as their kin .
Dogs are the hieroglyphs of blind emotion , inferiority , servile attachment , and gregariousness — the attributes of commonplace , stupidly passionate , and intellectually and imaginatively undeveloped men .
Cats are the runes of beauty , invincibility , wonder , pride , freedom , coldness , self - sufficiency , and dainty individuality — the qualities of sensitive , enlightened , mentally developed , pagan , cynical , poetic , philosophic , dispassionate , reserved , independent , Nietzschean , unbroken , civilised , master - class men .
The dog is a peasant and the cat is a gentleman .
We may , indeed , judge the tone and bias of a civilisation by its relative attitude toward dogs and cats .
The proud Egypt wherein Pharaoh was Pharaoh and pyramids rose in beauty at the wish of him who dreamed them bowed down to the cat , and temples were builded to its goddess at Bubastis .
In imperial Rome the graceful leopard adorned most homes of quality , lounging in insolent beauty in the atrium with golden collar and chain ; while after the age of the Antonines the actual cat was imported from Egypt and cherished as a rare and costly luxury .
So much for dominant and enlightened peoples .
When , however , we come to the grovelling Middle Ages with their superstitions and ecstasies and monasticisms and maunderings over saints and their relics , we find the cool and impersonal loveliness of the felidae in very low esteem ; and behold a sorry spectacle of hatred and cruelty shewn toward the beautiful little creature whose mousing virtues alone gained it sufferance amongst the ignorant churls who resented its self - respecting coolness and feared its cryptical and elusive independence as something akin to the dark powers of witchcraft .
These boorish slaves of eastern darkness could not tolerate what did not serve their own cheap emotions and flimsy purposes .
They wished a dog to fawn and hunt and fetch and carry , and had no use for the cat ’s gift of eternal and disinterested beauty to feed the spirit .
One can imagine how they must have resented Pussy ’s magnificent reposefulness , unhurriedness , relaxation , and scorn for trivial human aims and concernments .
Throw a stick , and the servile dog wheezes and pants and shambles to bring it to you .
Do the same before a cat , and he will eye you with coolly polite and somewhat bored amusement .
And just as inferior people prefer the inferior animal which scampers excitedly because somebody else wants something , so do superior people respect the superior animal which lives its own life and knows that the puerile stick - throwings of alien bipeds are none of its business and beneath its notice .
The dog barks and begs and tumbles to amuse you when you crack the whip .
That pleases a meekness - loving peasant who relishes a stimulus to his sense of importance .
The cat , on the other hand , charms you into playing for its benefit when it wishes to be amused ; making you rush about the room with a paper on a string when it feels like exercise , but refusing all your attempts to make it play when it is not in the humour .
That is personality and individuality and self - respect — the calm mastery of a being whose life is its own and not yours — and the superior person recognises and appreciates this because he too is a free soul whose position is assured , and whose only law is his own heritage and aesthetic sense .
Altogether , we may see that the dog appeals to those primitive emotional souls whose chief demands on the universe are for meaningless affection , aimless companionship , and flattering attention and subservience ; whilst the cat reigns among those more contemplative and imaginative spirits who ask of the universe only the objective sight of poignant , ethereal beauty and the animate symbolisation of Nature ’s bland , relentless , reposeful , unhurried , and impersonal order and sufficiency .
The dog gives , but the cat is .
Simple folk always overstress the ethical element in life , and it is quite natural that they should extend it to the realm of their pets .
Accordingly we hear many inane dicta in favour of dogs on the ground that they are faithful , whilst cats are treacherous .
Now just what does this really mean ?
Where are the points of reference ?
Certainly , the dog has so little imagination and individuality that it knows no motives but its master ’s ; but what sophisticated mind can descry a positive virtue in this stupid abnegation of a birthright ?
Discrimination must surely award the palm to the superior cat , which has too much natural dignity to accept any scheme of things but its own , and which consequently cares not one whit what any clumsy human thinks or wishes or expects of it .
It is not treacherous , because it has never acknowledged any allegiance to anything outside its own leisurely wishes ; and treachery basically implies a departure from some covenant explicitly recognised .
The cat is a realist , and no hypocrite .
He takes what pleases him when he wants it , and makes no promises .
He never leads you to expect more from him than he gives , and if you choose to be stupidly Victorian enough to mistake his purrs and rubbings of self - satisfaction for marks of transient affection toward you , that is no fault of his .
He would not for a moment have you believe that he wants more of you than food and warmth and shelter and amusement — and he is certainly justified in criticising your aesthetic and imaginative development if you fail to find his grace , beauty , and cheerful decorative influence an aboundingly sufficient repayment for all that you give him .
The cat - lover need not be amazed at another ’s love for dogs — indeed , he may also possess this quality himself ; for dogs are often very comely , and as lovable in a condescending way as a faithful old servant or tenant in the eyes of a master — but he cannot help feeling astonishment at those who do not share his love for cats .
The cat is such a perfect symbol of beauty and superiority that it seems scarcely possible for any true aesthete and civilised cynic to do other than worship it .
We call ourselves a dog ’s “ master ” — but who ever dared to call himself the “ master ” of a cat ?
We own a dog — he is with us as a slave and inferior because we wish him to be .
But we entertain a cat — he adorns our hearth as a guest , fellow - lodger , and equal because he wishes to be there .
It is no compliment to be the stupidly idolised master of a dog whose instinct it is to idolise , but it is a very distinct tribute to be chosen as the friend and confidant of a philosophic cat who is wholly his own master and could easily choose another companion if he found such an one more agreeable and interesting .
A trace , I think , of this great truth regarding the higher dignity of the cat has crept into folklore in the use of the names “ cat ” and “ dog ” as terms of opprobrium .
Whilst “ cat ” has never been applied to any sort of offender more serious than the mildly spiteful and innocuously sly female gossip and commentator , the words “ dog ” and “ cur ” have always been linked with vileness , dishonour , and degradation of the gravest type .
In the crystallisation of this nomenclature there has undoubtedly been present in the popular mind some dim , half - unconscious realisation that there are depths of slinking , whining , fawning , and servile ignobility which no kith of the lion and the leopard could ever attain .
The cat may fall low , but he is always unbroken .
He is , like the Nordic among men , one of those who govern their own lives or die .
We have but to glance analytically at the two animals to see the points pile up in favour of the cat .
Beauty , which is probably the only thing of any basic significance in all the cosmos , ought to be our chief criterion ; and here the cat excels so brilliantly that all comparisons collapse .
Some dogs , it is true , have beauty in a very ample degree ; but even the highest level of canine beauty falls far below the feline average .
The cat is classic whilst the dog is Gothic — nowhere in the animal world can we discover such really Hellenic perfection of form , with anatomy adapted to function , as in the felidae .
Puss is a Doric temple — an Ionic colonnade — in the utter classicism of its structural and decorative harmonies .
And this is just as true kinetically as statically , for art has no parallel for the bewitching grace of the cat ’s slightest motion .
The sheer , perfect aestheticism of kitty ’s lazy stretchings , industrious face - washings , playful rollings , and little involuntary shiftings in sleep is something as keen and vital as the best pastoral poetry or genre painting ; whilst the unerring accuracy of his leaping and springing , running and hunting , has an art - value just as high in a more spirited way .
But it is his capacity for leisure and repose which makes the cat preëminent .
Mr. Carl Van Vechten , in “ Peter Whiffle ” , holds up the timeless restfulness of the cat as a model for a life ’s philosophy , and Prof.
William Lyon Phelps has very effectively captured the secret of felinity when he says that the cat does not merely lie down , but “ pours his body out on the floor like a glass of water ” .
What other creature has thus merged the aestheticism of mechanics and hydraulics ?
Contrast with this the inept panting , wheezing , fumbling , drooling , scratching , and general clumsiness of the average dog with his myriad false and wasted motions .
And in the detail of neatness the fastidious cat is of course immeasurably ahead .
We always love to touch a cat , but only the insensitive can uniformly welcome the frantic and humid nuzzlings and pawings of a dusty and perhaps not inodorous canine which leaps and fusses and writhes about in awkward feverishness for no particular reason save that blind nerve - centres have been spurred by certain meaningless stimuli .
There is a wearying excess of bad manners in all this doggish fury — well - bred people do n’t paw and maul one , and surely enough we invariably find the cat gentle and reserved in his advances , and delicate even when he glides gracefully into your lap with cultivated purrs , or leaps whimsically on the table where you are writing to play with your pen in modulated , serio - comic pats .
I do not wonder that Mahomet , that sheik of perfect manners , loved cats for their urbanity and disliked dogs for their boorishness ; or that cats are the favourites in the polite Latin countries whilst dogs take the lead in heavy , practical , and beer - drinking Central Europe .
Watch a cat eat , and then watch a dog .
The one is held in check by an inherent and inescapable daintiness , and lends a kind of grace to one of the most ungraceful of all processes .
The dog , on the other hand , is wholly repulsive in his bestial and insatiate greediness ; living up to his forest kinship by “ wolfing ” most openly and unashamedly .
Returning to beauty of line — is it not significant that while many normal breeds of dogs are conspicuously and admittedly ugly , no healthy and well - developed feline of any species whatsoever is other than beautiful ?
There are , of course , many ugly cats ; but these are always individual cases of mongrelism , malnutrition , deformity , or injury .
No breed of cats in its proper condition can by any stretch of the imagination be thought of as even slightly ungraceful — a record against which must be pitted the depressing spectacle of impossibly flattened bulldogs , grotesquely elongated dachshunds , hideously shapeless and shaggy Airedales , and the like .
Of course , it may be said that no aesthetic standard is other than relative — but we always work with such standards as we empirically have , and in comparing cats and dogs under the Western European aesthetic we can not be unfair to either .
If any undiscovered tribe in Thibet finds Airedales beautiful and Persian cats ugly , we will not dispute them on their own territory — but just now we are dealing with ourselves and our territory , and here the verdict would not admit of much doubt even from the most ardent kynophile .
Such an one usually passes the problem off in an epigrammatic paradox , and says ‘ that Snookums is so homely , he ’s pretty ! ’
This is the childish penchant for the grotesque and tawdrily ‘ cute ’ , which we see likewise embodied in popular cartoons , freak dolls , and all the malformed decorative trumpery of the “ Billiken ” or “ Krazy Kat ” order found in the “ dens ” and “ cosy corners ” of the would - be sophisticated cultural yokelry .
In the matter of intelligence we find the caninites making amusing claims — amusing because they so naively measure what they conceive to be an animal ’s intelligence by its degree of subservience to the human will .
A dog will retrieve , a cat will not ; therefore ( sic ! ) the dog is the more intelligent .
Dogs can be more elaborately trained for circus and vaudeville acts than cats , therefore ( O Zeus , O Royal Mount ! ) they are cerebrally superior .
Now of course this is all the sheerest nonsense .
We would not call a weak - spirited man more intelligent than an independent citizen because we can make him vote as we wish whereas we can’t influence the independent citizen , yet countless persons apply an exactly parallel argument in appraising the grey matter of dogs and cats .
Competition in servility is something to which no self - respecting Thomas or Tabitha ever stooped , and it is plain that any really effective estimate of canine and feline intelligence must proceed from a careful observation of dogs and cats in a detached state — uninfluenced by human beings — as they formulate certain objectives of their own and use their own mental equipment in achieving them .
When we do this , we arrive at a very wholesome respect for our purring hearthside friend who makes so little display and ado about his wishes and business methods ; for in every conception and calculation he shews a steel - cold and deliberate union of intellect , will , and sense of proportion which puts utterly to shame the emotional sloppings - over and docilely acquired artificial tricks of the “ clever ” and “ faithful ” pointer or sheep - dog .
Watch a cat decide to move through a door , and see how patiently he waits for his opportunity , never losing sight of his purpose even when he finds it expedient to feign other interests in the interim .
Watch him in the thick of the chase , and compare his calculating patience and quiet study of his terrain with the noisy floundering and pawing of his canine rival .
It is not often that he returns empty - handed .
He knows what he wants , and means to get it in the most effective way , even at the sacrifice of time — which he philosophically recognises as unimportant in the aimless cosmos .
There is no turning him aside or distracting his attention — and we know that among humans this very quality of mental tenacity , this ability to carry a single thread through complex distractions , is considered a pretty good sign of intellectual vigour and maturity .
Children , old crones , peasants , and dogs ramble ; cats and philosophers stick to their point .
In resourcefulness , too , the cat attests his superiority .
Dogs can be well trained to do a single thing , but psychologists tell us that these responses to an automatic memory instilled from outside are of little worth as indices of real intelligence .
To judge the abstract development of a brain , confront it with new and unfamiliar conditions and see how well its own strength enables it to achieve its object by sheer reasoning without blazed trails .
Here the cat can silently devise a dozen mysterious and successful alternatives whilst poor Fido is barking in bewilderment and wondering what it is all about .
Granted that Rover the retriever may make a greater bid for popular sentimental regard by going into the burning house and saving the baby in traditional cinema fashion , it remains a fact that whiskered and purring Nig is a higher - grade biological organism — something physiologically and psychologically nearer a man because of his very freedom from man ’s orders , and as such entitled to a higher respect from those who judge by purely philosophic and aesthetic standards .
We can respect a cat as we cannot respect a dog , no matter which personally appeals the more to our mere doting fancy ; and if we be aesthetes and analysts rather than commonplace - lovers and emotionalists , the scales must inevitably turn completely in kitty ’s favour .
It may be added , moreover , that even the aloof and sufficient cat is by no means devoid of sentimental appeal .
Once we get rid of the uncivilised ethical bias — the ‘ treacherous ’ and ‘ horrid bird - catcher ’ prejudice — we find in the ‘ harmless , necessary cat ’ the very apex of happy domestic symbolism ; whilst small kittens become objects to adore , idealise , and celebrate in the most rhapsodic of dactyls and anapaests , iambics and trochaics .
I , in my own senescent mellowness , confess to an inordinate and wholly unphilosophic predilection for tiny coal - black kitties with large yellow eyes , and could no more pass one without petting him than Dr. Johnson could pass a sidewalk post without striking it .
There is , likewise , in many cats something quite analogous to the reciprocal fondness so loudly extolled in dogs , human beings , horses , and the like .
Cats come to associate certain persons with acts continuously contributing to their pleasure , and acquire for them a recognition and attachment which manifests itself in pleasant excitement at their approach — whether or not bearing food and drink — and a certain pensiveness at their protracted absence .
The late “ Tat ” of Allston and Malden , grey companion of our fellow - amateur Mrs. Miniter , reached the point of accepting food from no other hand but hers , and would actually go hungry rather than touch the least morsel from a kindly Parker source .
He also had distinct affections amongst the other cats of that idyllic household ; voluntarily offering food to one of his whiskered friends , whilst disputing most savagely the least glance which his coal - black rival “ Snowball ” would bestow upon his plate .
If it be argued that these feline fondnesses are essentially ‘ selfish ’ and ‘ practical ’ in their ultimate composition , let us inquire in return how many human fondnesses , apart from those springing directly upon primitive brute instinct , have any other basis .
After the returning board has brought in the grand total of zero we shall be better able to refrain from ingenuous censure of the ‘ selfish ’ cat .
The superior imaginative inner life of the cat , resulting in superior self - possession , is well known .
A dog is a pitiful thing , depending wholly on companionship , and utterly lost except in packs or by the side of his master .
Leave him alone and he does not know what to do except bark and howl and trot about till sheer exhaustion forces him to sleep .
A cat , however , is never without the potentialities of contentment .
Like a superior man , he knows how to be alone and happy .
Once he looks about and finds no one to amuse him , he settles down to the task of amusing himself ; and no one really knows cats without having occasionally peeked stealthily at some lively and well - balanced kitten which believes itself to be alone .
Only after such a glimpse of unaffected tail - chasing grace and unstudied purring can one fully understand the charm of those lines which Coleridge wrote with reference to the human rather than the feline young
“. . . a limber elf ,
Singing , dancing to itself . ”
But whole volumes could be written on the playing of cats , since the varieties and aesthetic aspects of such sportiveness are infinite .
Be it sufficient to say that in such pastimes many cats have exhibited traits and actions which psychologists authentically declare to be motivated by genuine humour and whimsicality in its purest sense ; so that the task of ‘ making a cat laugh ’ may not be so impossible a thing even outside the borders of Cheshire .
In short , a dog is an incomplete thing .
Like an inferior man , he needs emotional stimuli from outside , and must set something artificial up as a god and motive .
The cat , however , is perfect in himself .
Like the human philosopher , he is a self - sufficient entity and microcosm .
He is a real and integrated being because he thinks and feels himself to be such , whereas the dog can conceive of himself only in relation to something else .
Whip a dog and he licks your hand — faugh !
The beast has no idea of himself except as an inferior part of an organism whereof you are a superior part — he would no more think of striking back at you than you would think of pounding your own head when it punishes you with a headache .
But whip a cat and watch it glare and move backward hissing in outraged dignity and self - respect !
One more blow , and it strikes you in return ; for it is a gentleman and your equal , and will accept no infringement on its personality and body of privileges .
It is only in your house anyway because it wishes to be , or perhaps even as a condescending favour to yourself .
It is the house , not you , it likes ; for philosophers realise that human beings are at best only minor adjuncts to scenery .
Go one step too far , and it leaves you altogether .
You have mistaken your relationship to it and imagined you are its master , and no real cat can tolerate that breach of good manners .
Henceforward it will seek companions of greater discrimination and clearer perspective .
Let anaemic persons who believe in ‘ turning the other cheek ’ console themselves with cringing dogs — for the robust pagan with the blood of Nordic twilights in his veins there is no beast like the cat ; intrepid steed of Freya , who can boldly look even Thor and Odin full in the face and stare contemplatively with great round eyes of undimmed yellow or green .
And so , Sir ( I employ the singular since I cannot imagine that you , O Jacobe Ferdinande , would have the truly feline cruelty to spring all these ten - plus pages on a deserving club which has never done you any harm ) , I believe I have outlined for you with some fulness the divers reasons why , in my opinion and in the smartly timed title - phrase of Mr. Van Doren , “ gentlemen prefer cats ” .
The reply of Mr. Terhune in a subsequent issue of the Tribune appears to me beside the point ; insomuch as it is less a refutation of facts than a mere personal affirmation of the author ’s membership in that conventional “ very human ” majority who take affection and companionship seriously , enjoy being important to something alive , measure merit by devotion to human purposes , hate a “ parasite ” on mere ethical grounds without consulting the right of beauty to exist for its own sake , and therefore love man ’s noblest and most faithful friend , the perennial dog .
I suppose Mr. Terhune loves horses and babies also , for they go conventionally together in the great hundred - per - center ’s credo as highly essential likings for every good and lovable heman of the Arrow Collar and Harold Bell Wright hero school , even though the motor car and dear Mrs.
Sanger have done much to reduce the last two items .
Dogs , then , are peasants and the pets of peasants ; cats are gentlemen and the pets of gentlemen .
The dog is for him who places crude feeling and outgrown ethics and humanocentricity above austere and disinterested beauty ; who just loves ‘ folks and folksiness ’ and does n’t mind sloppy clumsiness if only something will truly care for him .
( Tableau of dog across master ’s grave — cf .
Landseer , “ The Old Shepherd ’s Chief Mourner ” . )
The guy who is n’t much for highbrow stuff , but is always on the square and do n’t ( sic ) often find the Saddypost or the N.Y .
World too deep for him ; who had n’t much use for Valentino , but thinks Doug Fairbanks is just about right for an evening ’s entertainment .
Wholesome — constructive—non-morbid—civic - minded —domestic — ( I forgot to mention the radio ) normal — that ’s the sort of go - getter that had ought to go in for dogs .
The cat is for the aristocrat — whether by birth or inclinations or both — who admires his fellow - aristocrats ( even if Little Belknap is n’t especially fond of Felis ) .
He is for the man who appreciates beauty as the one living force in a blind and purposeless universe , and who worships that beauty in all its forms without regard for the sentimental and ethical illusions of the moment .
For the man who knows the hollowness of feeling and the emptiness of human objects and aspirations , and who therefore clings solely to what is real — as beauty is real because it pretends to no significance beyond the emotion which it excites and is .
For the man who feels sufficient in the cosmos , and asks no false perspective of exaltation ; who is moved by no mawkish scruples of conventional prejudice , but loves repose and strength and freedom and luxury and superiority and sufficiency and contemplation ; who as a strong fearless soul wishes something to respect instead of something to lick his face and accept his alternate blows and strokings ; who seeks a proud and beautiful equal in the peerage of individualism rather than a cowed and cringing satellite in the hierarchy of fear , subservience , and devotion .
The cat is not for the brisk , selfimportant little worker with a “ mission ” , but for the enlightened dreaming poet who knows that the world contains nothing really worth doing .
The dilettante — the connoisseur — the decadent , if you will , though in a healthier age than this there were things for such men to do , so that they were the planners and leaders of those glorious pagan times .
The cat is for him who does things not for empty duty but for power , pleasure , splendour , romance , and glamour — for the harpist who sings alone in the night of old battles , or the warrior who goes out to fight such battles for beauty , glory , fame , and the splendour of a kingly court athwart which no shadow of weakness or democracy falls .
For him who will be lulled by no sops of prose and usefulness , but demands for his effort the ease and beauty and ascendancy and cultivation which alone make effort worth while .
For the man who knows that play , not work , and leisure , not bustle , are the great things of life ; and that the round of striving merely in order to strive some more is a bitter irony of which the civilised soul accepts as little as it can .
Beauty , sufficiency , ease , and good manners — what more can civilisation require ?
We have them all in the divine little monarch who lounges gloriously on his silken cushion before the hearth .
Loveliness and joy for their own sake — pride and harmony and coördination — spirit , restfulness , and completeness — all here are present , and need but a sympathetic disillusionment for worship in full measure .
What fully civilised soul but would eagerly serve as high - priest of Bast ?
The star of the cat , I think , is just now in the ascendant , as we emerge little by little from the dreams of ethics and democracy which clouded the nineteenth century and raised the grubbing and unlovely dog to the pinnacle of sentimental regard .
Whether a renaissance of monarchy and beauty will restore our Western civilisation , or whether the forces of disintegration are already too powerful for even the fascist sentiment to check , none may yet say ; but in the present moment of cynical world - unmasking between the pretence of the eighteenhundreds and the ominous mystery of the decades ahead we have at least a flash of the old pagan perspective and the old pagan clearness and honesty .
And one idol lit up by that flash , seen fair and lovely on a dream - throne of silk and gold under a chryselephantine dome , is a shape of deathless grace not always given its due among groping mortals — the haughty , the unconquered , the mysterious , the luxurious , the Babylonian , the impersonal , the eternal companion of superiority and art — the type of perfect beauty and the brother of poetry — the bland , grave , competent , and patrician cat .
Being told of the cat - and - dog fight about to occur in the Blue Pencil Club — a new thing for your circle , perhaps , though not unfamiliar to amateurdom as a whole — I cannot resist contributing a few Thomasic yowls and sibilants upon my side of the dispute , though conscious that the word of a venerable ex-member can scarcely have much weight against the brilliancy of such still active adherents as may bark upon the other side .
Aware of my ineptitude at argument , my valued correspondent Curator James Ferdinand Morton of Paterson has sent me the records of a similar controversy in thein which Mr. Carl Van Doren is on my side and Mr. Albert Payson Terhune on that of the canine tribe .
From this I would be glad to plagiarise such data as I need ; but Mr. Morton , with genuinely Machiavellian subtlety , has furnished me with only a part of the feline section whilst submitting the doggish brief in full .
No doubt he imagines that this arrangement , in view of my own emphatic bias , makes for something like ultimate fairness ; but for me it is exceedingly inconvenient , since it will force me to be more or less original in several parts of the ensuing remarks .
Between dogs and cats my degree of choice is so great that it would never occur to me to compare the two .
I have no active dislike for dogs , any more than I have for monkeys , human beings , negroes , cows , sheep , or pterodactyls ; but for the cat I have entertained a particular respect and affection ever since the earliest days of my infancy .
In its flawless grace and superior self - sufficiency I have seen a symbol of the perfect beauty and bland impersonality of the universe itself , objectively considered ; and in its air of silent mystery there resides for me all the wonder and fascination of the unknown .
The dog appeals to cheap and facile emotions ; the cat to the deepest founts of imagination and cosmic perception in the human mind .
It is no accident that the contemplative Egyptians , together with such later poetic spirits as Poe , Gautier , Baudelaire , and Swinburne , were all sincere worshippers of the supple grimalkin .
Naturally , one ’s preference in the matter of cats and dogs depends wholly upon one ’s temperament and point of view .
The dog would appear to me to be the favourite of superficial , sentimental , emotional , and democratic people — people who feel rather than think , who attach importance to mankind and the popular conventional emotions of the simple , and who find their greatest consolation in the fawning and dependent attachments of a gregarious society .
Such people live in a limited world of imagination ; accepting uncritically the values of common folklore , and always preferring to have their naive beliefs , feelings , and prejudices tickled , rather than to enjoy a purely aesthetic and philosophic pleasure arising from discrimination , contemplation , and the recognition of austere absolute beauty .
This is not to say that the cheaper emotions do not also reside in the average cat - lover ’s love of cats , but merely to point out that in ailurophily there exists a basis of true aestheticism which kynophily does not possess .
The real lover of cats is one who demands a clearer adjustment to the universe than ordinary household platitudes provide ; one who refuses to swallow the sentimental notion that all good people love dogs , children , and horses while all bad people dislike and are disliked by such .
He is unwilling to set up himself and his cruder feelings as a measure of universal values , or to allow shallow ethical notions to warp his judgment .
In a word , he had rather admire and respect than effuse and dote ; and does not fall into the fallacy that pointless sociability and friendliness , or slavering devotion and obedience , constitute anything intrinsically admirable or exalted .
Dog -lovers base their whole case on these commonplace , servile , and plebeian qualities , and amusingly judge the intelligence of a pet by its degree of conformity to their own wishes .
Catlovers escape this delusion , repudiate the idea that cringing subservience and sidling companionship to man are supreme merits , and stand free to worship aristocratic independence , self - respect , and individual personality joined to extreme grace and beauty as typified by the cool , lithe , cynical , and unconquered lord of the housetops .
Persons of commonplace ideas — unimaginative worthy burghers who are satisfied with the daily round of things and who subscribe to the popular credo of sentimental values — will always be dog-lovers .
To them nothing will ever be more important than themselves and their own more primitive feelings , and they will never cease to esteem and glorify the fellow - animal who best typifies these .
Such persons are submerged in the vortex of Oriental idealism and abasement which ruined classic civilisation in the Dark Ages , and live in a bleak world of abstract sentimental values wherein the mawkish illusions of meekness , devotion , gentleness , brotherhood , and whining humility are magnified into supreme virtues , and a whole false ethic and philosophy erected on the timid reactions of the flexor system of muscles .
This heritage , ironically foisted on us when Roman politics raised the faith of a whipped and broken people to supremacy in the later empire , has naturally kept a strong hold over the weak and the sentimentally thoughtless ; and perhaps reached its culmination in the insipid nineteenth century , when people were wont to praise dogs “ because they are so human ” ( as if humanity were any valid standard of merit ! ) , and honest Edwin Landseer painted hundreds of smug Fidoes and Carlos and Rovers with all the anthropoid triviality , pettiness , and “ cuteness ” of eminent Victorians .
But amidst this chaos of intellectual and emotional grovelling a few free souls have always stood out for the old civilised realities which mediaevalism eclipsed — the stern classic loyalty to truth , strength , and beauty given by a clear mind and uncowed spirit to the full - living Western Aryan confronted by Nature ’s majesty , loveliness , and aloofness .
This is the virile aesthetic and ethic of the extensor muscles — the bold , buoyant , assertive beliefs and preferences of proud , dominant , unbroken , and unterrified conquerors , hunters , and warriors — and it has small use for the shams and whimperings of the brotherly , affection - slobbering peacemaker and cringer and sentimentalist .
Beauty and sufficiency — twin qualities of the cosmos itself — are the gods of this aristocratic and pagan type ; to the worshipper of such eternal things the supreme virtue will not be found in lowliness , attachment , obedience , and emotional messiness .
This sort of worshipper will look for that which best embodies the loveliness of the stars and the worlds and the forests and the seas and the sunsets , and which best acts out the blandness , lordliness , accuracy , self - sufficiency , cruelty , independence , and contemptuous and capricious impersonality of all - governing Nature .
Beauty — coolness — aloofness — philosophic repose — self - sufficiency — untamed mastery — where else can we find these things incarnated with even half the perfection and completeness that mark their incarnation in the peerless and softly gliding cat , which performs its mysterious orbit with the relentless and unobtrusive certainty of a planet in infinity ?
That dogs are dear to the unimaginative peasant - burgher whilst cats appeal to the sensitive poet - aristocrat - philosopher will be clear in a moment when we reflect on the matter of biological association .
Practical plebeian folk judge a thing only by its immediate touch , taste , and smell ; while more delicate types form their estimates from the linked images and ideas which the object calls up in their minds .
Now when dogs and cats are considered , the stolid churl sees only the two animals before him , and bases his favour on their relative capacity to pander to his sloppy , unformed ideas of ethics and friendship and flattering subservience .
On the other hand the gentleman and thinker sees each in all its natural affiliations , and cannot fail to notice that in the great symmetries of organic life dogs fall in with slovenly wolves and foxes and jackals and coyotes and dingoes and painted hyaenas , whilst cats walk proudly with the jungle ’s lords , and own the haughty lion , the sinuous leopard , the regal tiger , and the shapely panther and jaguar as their kin .
Dogs are the hieroglyphs of blind emotion , inferiority , servile attachment , and gregariousness — the attributes of commonplace , stupidly passionate , and intellectually and imaginatively undeveloped men .
Cats are the runes of beauty , invincibility , wonder , pride , freedom , coldness , self - sufficiency , and dainty individuality — the qualities of sensitive , enlightened , mentally developed , pagan , cynical , poetic , philosophic , dispassionate , reserved , independent , Nietzschean , unbroken , civilised , master - class men .
The dog is a peasant and the cat is a gentleman .
We may , indeed , judge the tone and bias of a civilisation by its relative attitude toward dogs and cats .
The proud Egypt wherein Pharaoh was Pharaoh and pyramids rose in beauty at the wish of him who dreamed them bowed down to the cat , and temples were builded to its goddess at Bubastis .
In imperial Rome the graceful leopard adorned most homes of quality , lounging in insolent beauty in the atrium with golden collar and chain ; while after the age of the Antonines the actual cat was imported from Egypt and cherished as a rare and costly luxury .
So much for dominant and enlightened peoples .
When , however , we come to the grovelling Middle Ages with their superstitions and ecstasies and monasticisms and maunderings over saints and their relics , we find the cool and impersonal loveliness of the felidae in very low esteem ; and behold a sorry spectacle of hatred and cruelty shewn toward the beautiful little creature whose mousing virtues alone gained it sufferance amongst the ignorant churls who resented its self - respecting coolness and feared its cryptical and elusive independence as something akin to the dark powers of witchcraft .
These boorish slaves of eastern darkness could not tolerate what did not serve their own cheap emotions and flimsy purposes .
They wished a dog to fawn and hunt and fetch and carry , and had no use for the cat ’s gift of eternal and disinterested beauty to feed the spirit .
One can imagine how they must have resented Pussy ’s magnificent reposefulness , unhurriedness , relaxation , and scorn for trivial human aims and concernments .
Throw a stick , and the servile dog wheezes and pants and shambles to bring it to you .
Do the same before a cat , and he will eye you with coolly polite and somewhat bored amusement .
And just as inferior people prefer the inferior animal which scampers excitedly because somebody else wants something , so do superior people respect the superior animal which lives its own life and knows that the puerile stick - throwings of alien bipeds are none of its business and beneath its notice .
The dog barks and begs and tumbles to amuse you when you crack the whip .
That pleases a meekness - loving peasant who relishes a stimulus to his sense of importance .
The cat , on the other hand , charms you into playing for its benefit when it wishes to be amused ; making you rush about the room with a paper on a string when it feels like exercise , but refusing all your attempts to make it play when it is not in the humour .
That is personality and individuality and self - respect — the calm mastery of a being whose life is its own and not yours — and the superior person recognises and appreciates this because he too is a free soul whose position is assured , and whose only law is his own heritage and aesthetic sense .
Altogether , we may see that the dog appeals to those primitive emotional souls whose chief demands on the universe are for meaningless affection , aimless companionship , and flattering attention and subservience ; whilst the cat reigns among those more contemplative and imaginative spirits who ask of the universe only the objective sight of poignant , ethereal beauty and the animate symbolisation of Nature ’s bland , relentless , reposeful , unhurried , and impersonal order and sufficiency .
The dogbut the catSimple folk always overstress the ethical element in life , and it is quite natural that they should extend it to the realm of their pets .
Accordingly we hear many inane dicta in favour of dogs on the ground that they arewhilst cats areNow just what does this really mean ?
Where are the points of reference ?
Certainly , the dog has so little imagination and individuality that it knows no motives but its master ’s ; but what sophisticated mind can descry a positive virtue in this stupid abnegation of a birthright ?
Discrimination must surely award the palm to the superior cat , which has too much natural dignity to accept any scheme of things but its own , and which consequently cares not one whit what any clumsy human thinks or wishes or expects of it .
It is notbecause it has never acknowledged any allegiance to anything outside its own leisurely wishes ; andbasically implies a departure from some covenant explicitly recognised .
The cat is a realist , and no hypocrite .
He takes what pleases him when he wants it , and makes no promises .
He never leads you to expect more from him than he gives , and if you choose to be stupidly Victorian enough to mistake his purrs and rubbings of self - satisfaction for marks of transient affection toward you , that is no fault of his .
He would not for a moment have you believe that he wants more of you than food and warmth and shelter and amusement — and he is certainly justified in criticising your aesthetic and imaginative development if you fail to find his grace , beauty , and cheerful decorative influence an aboundingly sufficient repayment for all that you give him .
The cat - lover need not be amazed at another ’s love for dogs — indeed , he may also possess this quality himself ; for dogs are often very comely , and as lovable in a condescending way as a faithful old servant or tenant in the eyes of a master — but he cannot help feeling astonishment at those who do not share his love for cats .
The cat is such a perfect symbol of beauty and superiority that it seems scarcely possible for any true aesthete and civilised cynic to do other than worship it .
We call ourselves a dog ’s “ master ” — but who ever dared to call himself the “ master ” of a cat ?
Wea dog — he is with us as a slave and inferior because we wish him to be .
But wea cat — he adorns our hearth as a guest , fellow - lodger , and equal becausewishes to be there .
It is no compliment to be the stupidly idolised master of a dog whose instinct it is to idolise , but it is a very distinct tribute to be chosen as the friend and confidant of a philosophic cat who is wholly his own master and could easily choose another companion if he found such an one more agreeable and interesting .
A trace , I think , of this great truth regarding the higher dignity of the cat has crept into folklore in the use of the names “ cat ” and “ dog ” as terms of opprobrium .
Whilst “ cat ” has never been applied to any sort of offender more serious than the mildly spiteful and innocuously sly female gossip and commentator , the words “ dog ” and “ cur ” have always been linked with vileness , dishonour , and degradation of the gravest type .
In the crystallisation of this nomenclature there has undoubtedly been present in the popular mind some dim , half - unconscious realisation that there are depths of slinking , whining , fawning , and servile ignobility which no kith of the lion and the leopard could ever attain .
The cat may fall low , but he is always unbroken .
He is , like the Nordic among men , one of those who govern their own lives or die .
We have but to glance analytically at the two animals to see the points pile up in favour of the cat .
Beauty , which is probably the only thing of any basic significance in all the cosmos , ought to be our chief criterion ; and here the cat excels so brilliantly that all comparisons collapse .
Some dogs , it is true , have beauty in a very ample degree ; but even the highest level of canine beauty falls far below the feline average .
The cat is classic whilst the dog is Gothic — nowhere in the animal world can we discover such really Hellenic perfection of form , with anatomy adapted to function , as in the felidae .
Puss is a Doric temple — an Ionic colonnade — in the utter classicism of its structural and decorative harmonies .
And this is just as true kinetically as statically , for art has no parallel for the bewitching grace of the cat ’s slightest motion .
The sheer , perfect aestheticism of kitty ’s lazy stretchings , industrious face - washings , playful rollings , and little involuntary shiftings in sleep is something as keen and vital as the best pastoral poetry or genre painting ; whilst the unerring accuracy of his leaping and springing , running and hunting , has an art - value just as high in a more spirited way .
But it is his capacity for leisure and repose which makes the cat preëminent .
Mr. Carl Van Vechten , in “ Peter Whiffle ” , holds up the timeless restfulness of the cat as a model for a life ’s philosophy , and Prof .
William Lyon Phelps has very effectively captured the secret of felinity when he says that the cat does not merelybutWhat other creature has thus merged the aestheticism of mechanics and hydraulics ?
Contrast with this the inept panting , wheezing , fumbling , drooling , scratching , and general clumsiness of the average dog with his myriad false and wasted motions .
And in the detail of neatness the fastidious cat is of course immeasurably ahead .
We always love to touch a cat , but only the insensitive can uniformly welcome the frantic and humid nuzzlings and pawings of a dusty and perhaps not inodorous canine which leaps and fusses and writhes about in awkward feverishness for no particular reason save that blind nerve - centres have been spurred by certain meaningless stimuli .
There is a wearying excess of bad manners in all this doggish fury — well - bred people do n’t paw and maul one , and surely enough we invariably find the cat gentle and reserved in his advances , and delicate even when he glides gracefully into your lap with cultivated purrs , or leaps whimsically on the table where you are writing to play with your pen in modulated , serio - comic pats .
I do not wonder that Mahomet , that sheik of perfect manners , loved cats for their urbanity and disliked dogs for their boorishness ; or that cats are the favourites in the polite Latin countries whilst dogs take the lead in heavy , practical , and beer - drinking Central Europe .
Watch a cat eat , and then watch a dog .
The one is held in check by an inherent and inescapable daintiness , and lends a kind of grace to one of the most ungraceful of all processes .
The dog , on the other hand , is wholly repulsive in his bestial and insatiate greediness ; living up to his forest kinship by “ wolfing ” most openly and unashamedly .
Returning to beauty of line — is it not significant that while many normal breeds of dogs are conspicuously and admittedly ugly , healthy and well - developed feline of any species whatsoever is other than beautiful ?
There are , of course , many ugly cats ; but these are always individual cases of mongrelism , malnutrition , deformity , or injury .
No breed of cats in its proper condition can by any stretch of the imagination be thought of as even slightly ungraceful — a record against which must be pitted the depressing spectacle of impossibly flattened bulldogs , grotesquely elongated dachshunds , hideously shapeless and shaggy Airedales , and the like .
Of course , it may be said that no aesthetic standard is other than relative — but we always work with such standards as we empirically have , and in comparing cats and dogs under the Western European aesthetic we can not be unfair to either .
If any undiscovered tribe in Thibet finds Airedales beautiful and Persian cats ugly , we will not dispute them on their own territory — but just now we are dealing with ourselves and our territory , and here the verdict would not admit of much doubt even from the most ardent kynophile .
Such an one usually passes the problem off in an epigrammatic paradox , and says ‘ that Snookums is so homely , he ’s pretty ! ’
This is the childish penchant for the grotesque and tawdrily ‘ cute ’ , which we see likewise embodied in popular cartoons , freak dolls , and all the malformed decorative trumpery of the “ Billiken ” or “ Krazy Kat ” order found in the “ dens ” and “ cosy corners ” of the would - be sophisticated cultural yokelry .
In the matter of intelligence we find the caninites making amusing claims — amusing because they so naively measure what they conceive to be an animal ’s intelligence by its degree of subservience to the human will .
A dog will retrieve , a cat will not ;( sic ! ) the dog is the more intelligent .
Dogs can be more elaborately trained for circus and vaudeville acts than cats , ( O Zeus , O Royal Mount ! ) they are cerebrally superior .
Now of course this is all the sheerest nonsense .
We would not call a weak - spirited man more intelligent than an independent citizen because we can make him vote as we wish whereas we can’t influence the independent citizen , yet countless persons apply an exactly parallel argument in appraising the grey matter of dogs and cats .
Competition in servility is something to which no self - respecting Thomas or Tabitha ever stooped , and it is plain that any really effective estimate of canine and feline intelligence must proceed from a careful observation of dogs and cats in a detached state — uninfluenced by human beings — as they formulate certain objectives of their own and use their own mental equipment in achieving them .
When we do this , we arrive at a very wholesome respect for our purring hearthside friend who makes so little display and ado about his wishes and business methods ; for in every conception and calculation he shews a steel - cold and deliberate union of intellect , will , and sense of proportion which puts utterly to shame the emotional sloppings - over and docilely acquired artificial tricks of the “ clever ” and “ faithful ” pointer or sheep - dog .
Watch a cat decide to move through a door , and see how patiently he waits for his opportunity , never losing sight of his purpose even when he finds it expedient to feign other interests in the interim .
Watch him in the thick of the chase , and compare his calculating patience and quiet study of his terrain with the noisy floundering and pawing of his canine rival .
It is not often that he returns empty - handed .
He knows what he wants , and means to get it in the most effective way , even at the sacrifice of time — which he philosophically recognises as unimportant in the aimless cosmos .
There is no turning him aside or distracting his attention — and we know that among humans this very quality of mental tenacity , this ability to carry a single thread through complex distractions , is considered a pretty good sign of intellectual vigour and maturity .
Children , old crones , peasants , and dogs ramble ; cats and philosophers stick to their point .
In resourcefulness , too , the cat attests his superiority .
Dogs can be well trained to do a single thing , but psychologists tell us that these responses to an automatic memory instilled from outside are of little worth as indices of real intelligence .
To judge the abstract development of a brain , confront it with new and unfamiliar conditions and see how well its own strength enables it to achieve its object by sheer reasoning without blazed trails .
Here the cat can silently devise a dozen mysterious and successful alternatives whilst poor Fido is barking in bewilderment and wondering what it is all about .
Granted that Rover the retriever may make a greater bid for popular sentimental regard by going into the burning house and saving the baby in traditional cinema fashion , it remains a fact that whiskered and purring Nig is a higher - grade biological organism — something physiologically and psychologically nearer a man because of his very freedom from man ’s orders , and as such entitled to a higher respect from those who judge by purely philosophic and aesthetic standards .
We can respect a cat as we cannot respect a dog , no matter which personally appeals the more to our mere doting fancy ; and if we be aesthetes and analysts rather than commonplace - lovers and emotionalists , the scales must inevitably turn completely in kitty ’s favour .
It may be added , moreover , that even the aloof and sufficient cat is by no means devoid of sentimental appeal .
Once we get rid of the uncivilised ethical bias — the ‘ treacherous ’ and ‘ horrid bird - catcher ’ prejudice — we find in the ‘ harmless , necessary cat ’ the very apex of happy domestic symbolism ; whilst small kittens become objects to adore , idealise , and celebrate in the most rhapsodic of dactyls and anapaests , iambics and trochaics .
I , in my own senescent mellowness , confess to an inordinate and wholly unphilosophic predilection for tiny coal - black kitties with large yellow eyes , and could no more pass one without petting him than Dr. Johnson could pass a sidewalk post without striking it .
There is , likewise , in many cats something quite analogous to the reciprocal fondness so loudly extolled in dogs , human beings , horses , and the like .
Cats come to associate certain persons with acts continuously contributing to their pleasure , and acquire for them a recognition and attachment which manifests itself in pleasant excitement at their approach — whether or not bearing food and drink — and a certain pensiveness at their protracted absence .
The late “ Tat ” of Allston and Malden , grey companion of our fellow - amateur Mrs. Miniter , reached the point of accepting food from no other hand but hers , and would actually go hungry rather than touch the least morsel from a kindly Parker source .
He also had distinct affections amongst the other cats of that idyllic household ; voluntarily offering food to one of his whiskered friends , whilst disputing most savagely the least glance which his coal - black rival “ Snowball ” would bestow upon his plate .
If it be argued that these feline fondnesses are essentially ‘ selfish ’ and ‘ practical ’ in their ultimate composition , let us inquire in return how many human fondnesses , apart from those springing directly upon primitive brute instinct , have any other basis .
After the returning board has brought in the grand total of zero we shall be better able to refrain from ingenuous censure of the ‘ selfish ’ cat .
The superior imaginative inner life of the cat , resulting in superior self - possession , is well known .
A dog is a pitiful thing , depending wholly on companionship , and utterly lost except in packs or by the side of his master .
Leave him alone and he does not know what to do except bark and howl and trot about till sheer exhaustion forces him to sleep .
A cat , however , is never without the potentialities of contentment .
Like a superior man , he knows how to be alone and happy .
Once he looks about and finds no one to amuse him , he settles down to the task of amusing himself ; and no one really knows cats without having occasionally peeked stealthily at some lively and well - balanced kitten which believes itself to be alone .
Only after such a glimpse of unaffected tail - chasing grace and unstudied purring can one fully understand the charm of those lines which Coleridge wrote with reference to the human rather than the feline youngBut whole volumes could be written on the playing of cats , since the varieties and aesthetic aspects of such sportiveness are infinite .
Be it sufficient to say that in such pastimes many cats have exhibited traits and actions which psychologists authentically declare to be motivated by genuine humour and whimsicality in its purest sense ; so that the task of ‘ making a cat laugh ’ may not be so impossible a thing even outside the borders of Cheshire .
In short , a dog is an incomplete thing .
Like an inferior man , he needs emotional stimuli from outside , and must set something artificial up as a god and motive .
The cat , however , is perfect in himself .
Like the human philosopher , he is a self - sufficient entity and microcosm .
He is a real and integrated being because he thinks and feels himself to be such , whereas the dog can conceive of himself only in relation to something else .
Whip a dog and he licks your hand — faugh !
The beast has no idea of himself except as an inferior part of an organism whereof you are a superior part — he would no more think of striking back at you than you would think of pounding your own head when it punishes you with a headache .
But whip a cat and watch it glare and move backward hissing in outraged dignity and self - respect !
One more blow , and it strikes you in return ; for it is a gentleman and your equal , and will accept no infringement on its personality and body of privileges .
It is only in your house anyway because it wishes to be , or perhaps even as a condescending favour to yourself .
It is the house , not you , it likes ; for philosophers realise that human beings are at best only minor adjuncts to scenery .
Go one step too far , and it leaves you altogether .
You have mistaken your relationship to it and imagined you are its master , and no real cat can tolerate that breach of good manners .
Henceforward it will seek companions of greater discrimination and clearer perspective .
Let anaemic persons who believe in ‘ turning the other cheek ’ console themselves with cringing dogs — for the robust pagan with the blood of Nordic twilights in his veins there is no beast like the cat ; intrepid steed of Freya , who can boldly look even Thor and Odin full in the face and stare contemplatively with great round eyes of undimmed yellow or green .
And so , Sir ( I employ the singular since I cannot imagine that you , O Jacobe Ferdinande , would have the truly feline cruelty to spring all these ten - plus pages on a deserving club which has never done you any harm ) , I believe I have outlined for you with some fulness the divers reasons why , in my opinion and in the smartly timed title - phrase of Mr. Van Doren , “ gentlemen prefer cats ” .
The reply of Mr. Terhune in a subsequent issue of theappears to me beside the point ; insomuch as it is less a refutation of facts than a mere personal affirmation of the author ’s membership in that conventional “ very human ” majority who take affection and companionship seriously , enjoy being important to something alive , measure merit by devotion to human purposes , hate a “ parasite ” on mere ethical grounds without consulting the right of beauty to exist for its own sake , and therefore love man ’s noblest and most faithful friend , the perennial dog .
I suppose Mr. Terhune loves horses and babies also , for they go conventionally together in the great hundred - per - center ’s credo as highly essential likings for every good and lovable heman of the Arrow Collar and Harold Bell Wright hero school , even though the motor car and dear Mrs.
Sanger have done much to reduce the last two items .
Dogs , then , are peasants and the pets of peasants ; cats are gentlemen and the pets of gentlemen .
The dog is for him who places crude feeling and outgrown ethics and humanocentricity above austere and disinterested beauty ; who just loves ‘ folks and folksiness ’ and does n’t mind sloppy clumsiness if only something will truly care for him .
( Tableau of dog across master ’s grave — cf .
Landseer , “ The Old Shepherd ’s Chief Mourner ” . )
The guy who is n’t much for highbrow stuff , but is always on the square and do n’t ( sic ) often find the Saddypost or the N.Y .
World too deep for him ; who had n’t much use for Valentino , but thinks Doug Fairbanks is just about right for an evening ’s entertainment .
Wholesome— constructive—non-morbid—civic - minded —domestic — ( I forgot to mention the radio ) normal — that ’s the sort of go - getter that had ought to go in for dogs .
The cat is for the aristocrat — whether by birth or inclinations or both — who admires his fellow - aristocrats ( even if Little Belknap is n’t especially fond of Felis ) .
He is for the man who appreciates beauty as the one living force in a blind and purposeless universe , and who worships that beauty in all its forms without regard for the sentimental and ethical illusions of the moment .
For the man who knows the hollowness of feeling and the emptiness of human objects and aspirations , and who therefore clings solely to what is real — as beauty is real because it pretends to no significance beyond the emotion which it excites and is .
For the man who feels sufficient in the cosmos , and asks no false perspective of exaltation ; who is moved by no mawkish scruples of conventional prejudice , but loves repose and strength and freedom and luxury and superiority and sufficiency and contemplation ; who as a strong fearless soul wishes something to respect instead of something to lick his face and accept his alternate blows and strokings ; who seeks a proud and beautiful equal in the peerage of individualism rather than a cowed and cringing satellite in the hierarchy of fear , subservience , and devotion .
The cat is not for the brisk , selfimportant little worker with a “ mission ” , but for the enlightened dreaming poet who knows that the world contains nothing really worth doing .
The dilettante — the connoisseur — the decadent , if you will , though in a healthier age than this there were things for such men to do , so that they were the planners and leaders of those glorious pagan times .
The cat is for him who does things not for empty duty but for power , pleasure , splendour , romance , and glamour — for the harpist who sings alone in the night of old battles , or the warrior who goes out to fight such battles for beauty , glory , fame , and the splendour of a kingly court athwart which no shadow of weakness or democracy falls .
For him who will be lulled by no sops of prose and usefulness , but demands for his effort the ease and beauty and ascendancy and cultivation which alone make effort worth while .
For the man who knows that play , not work , and leisure , not bustle , are the great things of life ; and that the round of striving merely in order to strive some more is a bitter irony of which the civilised soul accepts as little as it can .
Beauty , sufficiency , ease , and good manners — what more can civilisation require ?
We have them all in the divine little monarch who lounges gloriously on his silken cushion before the hearth .
Loveliness and joy for their own sake — pride and harmony and coördination — spirit , restfulness , and completeness — all here are present , and need but a sympathetic disillusionment for worship in full measure .
What fully civilised soul but would eagerly serve as high - priest of Bast ?
The star of the cat , I think , is just now in the ascendant , as we emerge little by little from the dreams of ethics and democracy which clouded the nineteenth century and raised the grubbing and unlovely dog to the pinnacle of sentimental regard .
Whether a renaissance of monarchy and beauty will restore our Western civilisation , or whether the forces of disintegration are already too powerful for even the fascist sentiment to check , none may yet say ; but in the present moment of cynical world - unmasking between the pretence of the eighteenhundreds and the ominous mystery of the decades ahead we have at least a flash of the old pagan perspective and the old pagan clearness and honesty .
And one idol lit up by that flash , seen fair and lovely on a dream - throne of silk and gold under a chryselephantine dome , is a shape of deathless grace not always given its due among groping mortals — the haughty , the unconquered , the mysterious , the luxurious , the Babylonian , the impersonal , the eternal companion of superiority and art — the type of perfect beauty and the brother of poetry — the bland , grave , competent , and patrician cat .
Seeing the humor in pirate attacks is n't always easy , but even the jaded have to crack a grin at Hyundai public relations man Dan Bedore 's Twitter commentary on the hijacking of a cargo ship carrying 2,300 Hyundai and Kia cars : " Even Pirates seem to be switching to # Hyundai . "
According to a report from Korea , the ship Asian Glory was captured by pirates about 600 miles off the coast of Somalia late Friday .
On board were 2,300 compact and sub-compact cars headed to Saudi Arabia from their home port of Ulsan .
The hijack occurred just short of EU - patrolled international shipping channels .
Reports of a last - minute phone call from one of the crew indicate no one aboard was injured in the attack .
Bedore followed up his humorous quip with a more serious note , " “ We ’re hoping for the prompt and safe return of the 25 crewmen aboard the Asian Glory . "
As are we all .
Though Somali pirates are n't widely known for their love of cutting - edge aesthetics or green technology , they apparently appreciate a good value .
Top candidates for drawing the pirates attention : Kia 's new SYNC - like UVO system and Hyundai 's recent acquisition of the " most fuel - efficient automaker in America " title -- depending , of course , on how frequently RSS feeds update in a longboat off the African coast .
The pirates are expected to hold the ship for ransom .
At least 11 other ships are also currently being held by Somali pirates .
[ BBC , The Independent , The Huffington Post via Twitter / Dan Bedore ]
Will the Feds Fund Deficits with 401( k ) s ?
The writing is on the wall for retirement assets held in conventional ways .
A report last week in Business Week shows that the U.S. Feds have 401 ( k ) assets in their sights .
“ The U.S. Treasury and Labor Departments will ask for public comment as soon as next week on ways to promote the conversion of 401 ( k ) savings and Individual Retirement Accounts into annuities or other steady payment streams , according to Assistant Labor Secretary Phyllis C. Borzi and Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary Mark Iwry , who are spearheading the effort .
“ Annuities generally guarantee income until the retiree ’s death , and often that of a surviving spouse as well .
They are designed to protect against the risk that retirees outlive their savings , a danger made clear by market losses suffered by older Americans over the last year , David Certner , legislative counsel for AARP , said in an interview . ”
Now ostensibly , the plan to offer an annuity option for 401 ( k ) plans will seem sensible .
But do n’t be fooled .
This is the beginning of a money grab by the Feds for the $ 3.6 trillion in assets held by U.S. 401( k ) s .
The Feds need that money to finance the deficit .
This is where some of the money to fund the deficits may come from , answering a question we asked earlier in the week .
What you ca n’t take , you ’ll have to print .
But right now , the Feds ca n’t just take that 401 ( k ) money .
Well , they could .
But it would crash stocks and infuriate the public , leading to some civic violence .
What ’s more , it would feel like theft as well as looking ( and being ) like it .
So they have to dress the plan up as something that ’s better for savers .
They ’re trotting out the idea that a defined benefit pension plan is better than defined contribution plan ( which is true , if it ’s funded well ) .
A defined benefit plan guarantees you income in your old age years .
A defined contribution plan ( what we have now ) just guarantees money flows into the stock market ( which is good for the financial services industry , but do n’t guarantee you ’ll have any money when you really need it later in life ) .
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Obama administration are exploring ways to encourage U.S. savers to buy more annuities or investment vehicles composed of “ safe ” assets .
What constitutes safe ?
Why 30 - year U.S. government bonds of course !
Thus , the government can encourage people to buy what the Chinese and the Japanese and most other U.S. creditors do n’t want to touch any longer .
The trouble with an annuity or 30 - year bond is that you get crushed by inflation .
In principle , it ’s not different that a zero coupon bond .
You get your nominal investment back upon redemption .
But you are not compensated for inflation and your money is tied up , instead of working harder for you elsewhere .
It ’s obvious what the Fed ’s get out of this : a ready source of new funds to buy their bonds .
This kicks the can of unsustainable deficit spending down the road a few months , or perhaps a few years .
But it does n’t change the fundamentally destructive path of U.S. fiscal policy .
What it does tell you is that mischief is afoot among the wealth stealers of the modern nation state ?
Faced with a failed funding model , they are beginning their cash grab .
This takes the form of higher taxes .
But the big bounty is the retirement savings of millions of Americans .
This solves the problem of having to sell the debt to foreign investors .
And it solves the problem of having to make tough budget deficits .
Just issue more debt and make the super funds buy it with your money .
If you think that ’s balderdash or wo n’t happen , you ’re being naïve .
It wo n’t happen overnight .
But it will happen gradually .
It ’s evolving towards that already .
If they ca n’t get it through tax or royalty revenues , the tax posse will get it by any means necessary , which means your super assets are an obvious target .
Alarmist ?
Irresponsible ?
You decide .
But we can see the evolution of this as clear as day , even if saying it in public is bad form or taboo .
But now is the time to say the taboo things .
Regards ,
Dan Denning
The Daily Reckoning Australia
January 18 , 2010
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
There are two types of pesky partisans on the loose right now who refuse to accept reality due to their ideological blindness — birthers and global warming deniers .
This realization struck me last week as I listened to Republicans argue that we should let the world boil over , all while they “ dithered ” over reading silly emails written between a few climate scientists .
The members of the Flat Earth Society may be out of ideas , but they are not out of denials .
The Flat Earth Society is , of course , the climatic analog of the birthers movement , determined to undermine Americans ’ confidence in clear facts about climate change .
The first fact they deny is that the first American black president was elected last year .
The second denial concerns the well - established scientific consensus that the earth is warming and the oceans are acidifying because of human activity .
Both birthers and the climate - change deniers work on a similar premise — that concrete facts can be subjugated to the power of fear .
Both movements fear change and contemplate that they can create enough smoke and confusion to fertilize the ascendency of fear .
They both enjoy big megaphones and are capable of big noise , but are both fundamentally rotten at the factual core .
Help Grist raise $ 20,000 by 9/30 .
Just click the image above ☝️
So they work to obscure plain and unbridled truth by pointing to the inartful language contained in a bunch of emails from a British research institution .
While the obvious truth is that the Arctic is melting , the Greenland glaciers are melting , climate change refugees are moving , the oceans are 30 percent more acidic than in preindustrial times , the seas are rising , and the deserts are expanding — the deniers continue to blow their smoke calling global warming science a “ trick . ”
If this is a trick , it is one that is now undermining the very foundation of the globe ’s climate , and perhaps changing it more quickly than any time in the planet ’s history , except a couple of times when we were hit by comets or asteroids .
But let ’s give the deniers their 15 minutes of fame and consider what the scientific consensus would be even if the British researchers were , in fact , members of some evil international conspiracy on the order of the group “ Spectre ” that James Bond so nobly fought years ago .
Simply put , the impact of concluding that the British were out to lunch is zero .
As the National Academy of Sciences concluded , and White House science adviser John Holdren articulated at a congressional hearing last week , we have so many separate threads and data sets that lead to one overwhelming conclusion : we can not take our eye off the ball in pushing for vigorous CO2 emissions caps .
If you laid out end to end all the emails the deniers now have their knickers in a twist over , they would still not cover up the thousands of square miles of the Arctic Ocean that are now ice free in the summer .
You could chop up all the emails and spread them over Greenland , but they would not insulate the island ’s massive glaciers enough to stop the rapid loss of volume that have now been confirmed by multiple examinations , all of them independent from the British study caught up in the email non-scandal .
It is neat public relations “ trick ” the deniers are now using in an attempt to fool the public into abandoning efforts to fight this global crisis , but it is going to fail , for two reasons .
First , it is going to fail because there are Republicans who have the courage to stand up to both the birthers and to the deniers .
We should be encouraged by the comments of Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) , who recently said that email controversy or not , the fact that the earth is warming due in part to human action is well established .
Courage comes in many forms .
Insistence upon listening to clear science , even if it disturbs some ideological views of certain groups , is one admirable form of courage .
Second , the deniers are going to fail because their cynical allies , the birthers , are going to fail .
The birthers have not been able to stop an American president from going to Copenhagen to lead the world in an effort to stop global warming .
We ought to be proud we have a president who can say , “ The nation that leads in clean energy will be the nation that leads the world , and I want America to be that nation . ”
With an attitude that sees global warming as an economic opportunity as much as an environmental problem , we have a president who can spark a new period of economic growth and leave both the birthers and the deniers where they belong , in the dustbin of history .
Spread the news on what the føck is going on in Copenhagen with friends via email , Facebook , Twitter , or smoke signals .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 15
A Fading Moonset Over Hong Kong
Credit & Copyright : Wah !
Explanation :
Do stars appear dimmer when nearer the horizon ?
Yes -- atmospheric air absorbs and reradiates light , so that the greater the airmass through which one peers , the fainter an object will appear .
Pictured above in a multi - frame image , stars , the planet Jupiter , and even the Moon show the horizon - dimming effects of Earth 's nearly - transparent atmosphere .
The image was taken in the evening about three weeks ago over Hong Kong , China .
The brightest streak near the center is the setting Moon , while intermittent thin clouds sometimes dispersed moonlight into a larger halo .
Jupiter sets just to the Moon 's right .
The dim steaks cutting across the image horizontally were caused by passing airplanes .
The bright strange multi-pronged streak over the house is a helicopter taking off .
An astute observer will also notice faint rays emanating from near the horizon .
Their cause is unknown , but may be crepuscular rays caused by the Sun shining through gaps in thick clouds .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A businessman who was jailed for permanently injuring an intruder who attacked him and his family has been freed by the Court of Appeal .
Munir Hussain , 53 , was sentenced to 30 months for grievous bodily harm with intent after he hit Walid Salem with a cricket bat on 3 September 2008 .
Hussain and his family were tied up at home in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire .
On his release he said he was " very happy " .
His jail term was reduced to 12 months suspended for two years .
There is also a supervision requirement for the two years .
Hussain was released from Bullingdon Prison in Oxfordshire where he had been serving his sentence .
We 're grateful for all the support we have received from the entire nation , and all the support from the media
Awais Hussain , son Speaking outside his father Zamin Ali's house on Desborough Park Road , in High Wycombe , Hussain said : " First of all , thank you all the media for supporting us while we 've been away .
" That support has been very comforting .
I 'm very happy , but obviously my brother is still there . "
His younger brother Qadeer Hussain said they were going to spend some family time together and have a meal .
Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge , who was sitting with two other judges in London , said he had shown " mercy " to Hussain .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
His brother , 35 - year - old Tokeer Hussain , who was also jailed for causing grievous bodily harm with intent , had his 39 - month jail term reduced to two years .
Hussain 's son , Awais Hussain , said the family was grateful for all the support it had received .
Speaking outside court , he said : " We 're extremely grateful to the Court of Appeal and the Lord Chief Justice for releasing my father .
" We 're grateful for all the support we have received from the entire nation , and all the support from the media .
" Whilst it will be great to have my father home immediately , our thoughts will be with my uncle , Tokeer Hussain , who wo n't be released as yet ...
We hope he stays strong . "
He added : " I do n't think our family will ever get over it . "
Hussain and his brother , who were both described as being at the heart of their community , were imprisoned in December after being found guilty at Reading Crown Court .
The court heard Hussain and his wife and children returned from their local mosque to find intruders wearing balaclavas in their home .
ANALYSIS : Clive Coleman , legal affairs analyst
The 2008 Criminal Justice and Immigration
Act provides that homeowners who use reasonable force to protect themselves against intruders , and use no more force than is absolutely necessary , should not be prosecuted .
However , there are additional factors .
The homeowner should be acting instinctively , fear for their own safety or the safety of others , or act in order to make a lawful arrest ( or prevent someone who is lawfully detained from escaping ) .
The law does not protect those who set upon a fleeing criminal or who lie in wait to attack them .
This would amount to people taking the law into their own hands .
The Lord Chief Justice made it clear that the Hussain case was ' exceptional ' , and that the ' call for mercy ' had to be answered .
' Hail have - a - go heroes '
Send us your comments
They were tied up but the businessman escaped and enlisted his brother to help chase the offenders down the street , bringing one of them to the ground .
The pair left Salem with a permanent brain injury after hitting him with a cricket bat .
The force of the blow was so hard that it broke the bat into three pieces .
Lord Judge said : " This trial had nothing to do with the right of the householder to defend themselves or their families or their homes .
" The burglary was over and the burglars had gone .
No one was in any further danger from them . "
The decision to free Hussain comes one day after judges rejected his appeal against his conviction .
Lord Judge said the case was one of " true exceptionality " .
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson said people who put themselves in danger to tackle criminals should be celebrated as " heroes " .
Courageous members of the public " make our society worthwhile " , he said as part of a widening political debate about the rights of people to use force to defend themselves .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Writing letters of admiration to Hollywood pin-ups was a regular pastime for many soldiers during World War II , and the gracious responses and photos they received went some way to boosting troops ’ morale at such uncertain times .
In 1943 , Lieutenant Norman Klinker wrote such a letter to Hollywood actress Donna Reed ( It ’s a Wonderful Life , From Here to Eternity ) and she responded .
Naturally he wrote again , and below is that letter .
Sadly , Klinker did n’t see Reed ’s next ‘ pic ’ , as he was killed in action on January 6th , 1944 , whilst fighting in the Winter Line campaign .
Following her death in 1986 , it came to light – following a discovery by her daughter – that Reed had in fact kept hundreds of similar letters from soldiers .
Learn more here .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
LT .
N.P. KLINKER
91ST ARMO .
F.A. BN .
APO 251 , ℅ PM , NYC
April 12th , I think MISS DONNA REED
2304 S. BEVERLY GLEN
LOS ANGELES
CALIFORNIA
Dear Donna ,
Have just received your letter from the eight of December .
And believe me or no , it was the first piece of mail I have received in the past two months .
By the sound of your tale , life in the old U.S. is not quite as fine as it used to be .
But I honestly feel that it is better than eating the same 3 meals out of the same 3 C - Ration cans for a month or three .
We have been in action for some time here in North Africa , you see .
Quite an interesting and a heartless life at one and the same time .
One thing I promise you – life on the battlefield is a wee bit different from the “ movie ” version .
Tough and bloody and dirty as it is at times .
There is none of that grim and worried feeling so rampant in war pictures .
It ’s a matter - of - fact life we live and talk here .
And here for the first time no one has the “ jitters . ”
I hear you have done your part and done got married .
Congratulations and good luck !
See you in your next “ pic . ” Sincerely , Norman Klinker P.S.
Can hardly wait for four years tho – no “ pics ” here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Tony Blair 's ex-spokesman Alastair Campbell has said he " defends every single word " of the 2002 dossier on Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
He told the UK's Iraq war inquiry that parts could have been " clearer " but it did not " misrepresent " Iraq 's threat .
The UK should be " proud " of its role " in changing Iraq from what it was to what it is now becoming " , he argued .
But he said Mr Blair told President Bush privately in 2002 the UK would back military action if necessary .
Critics of the war have called for private correspondence between the two leaders about their views on Iraq to be published .
Countdown to war Mr Campbell is the most prominent figure to appear so far before the inquiry , which is looking at UK policy before and after the 2003 war .
The BBC's Security Correspondent Frank Gardner said he had given a defiant performance , showing no contrition over the controversial decision to go to war or the arguments used to justify the action .
CAMPBELL FACTS
An ex-journalist , Alastair Campbell was Tony Blair 's press secretary between 1994 and 2003 and No 10 director of communications from 1997 to 2003 .
As it happened : Campbell grilled Analysis :
No regrets Mr Campbell said the prime minister recognised the deep opposition to military action amongst much of the British public but believed there would be a " bigger day of reckoning " to come with Saddam if he was not confronted at the time .
As No 10 director of communications between 1997 and 2003 , he played a key role in the drawing - up of the government 's September 2002 dossier on Iraq 's alleged weapons of mass destruction , containing the controversial claim that they could be deployed within 45 minutes .
" Could things have been done differently , almost certainly , " he said of the March 2003 invasion .
" Any decision , you can go back over it , but on the big picture , on the leadership that he [ Tony Blair ] showed , on the leadership that the British government showed on this issue , I was privileged to be there and I 'm very very proud of the part that I was able to play . "
He added : " I think that Britain , far from beating ourselves up about this , should be really proud of the role that we played in changing Iraq from what it was to what it is now becoming . "
Mr Campbell said he was " very close " to the prime minister but stressed that Mr Blair fully consulted other key ministers on Iraq policy - including the then Chancellor Gordon Brown .
Mr Campbell , who has given evidence to three previous inquiries on Iraq , said claims that Mr Blair endorsed regime change after a meeting with President Bush at his Crawford ranch in April 2002 were not true .
AT THE INQUIRY BBC World Affairs correspondent Peter Biles Officials of the Iraq Inquiry completely under-estimated the length of time needed to question Alastair Campbell .
It had been expected that a three hour morning session would suffice .
In the event , the hearing rolled on for another two hours into the afternoon , with Mr Campbell having ample opportunity to defend Tony Blair 's premiership and the decision to take Britain to war in Iraq .
At this rate , two days rather than one will be needed when Mr Blair arrives to present his evidence in two or three weeks ' time .
The former Downing Street spin - doctor was generally at ease as he faced the Inquiry .
Interestingly , the Chairman , Sir John Chilcot , took little part in today 's session , and left the questioning to his four colleagues .
For once , there were some quite lively exchanges as the committee sought to square Mr Campbell 's version of events with some of the earlier evidence heard .
British policy was still focused on disarming Iraq and getting it to abide by UN resolutions , he argued , as Mr Blair " genuinely believed " Iraq 's pursuit of weapons of mass destruction must be dealt with .
Mr Blair was clear that military action should be regarded as a last resort if the diplomatic process failed and still hoped that the issue could be " peacefully resolved " right up to the eve of war .
" You seem to be wanting me to say that Tony Blair signed up to saying , regardless of the facts and WMD , we are going to get rid of this guy , " he said .
" It was not like this . "
But he revealed that Mr Blair had written to President Bush during 2002 about the disarmament strategy , saying : " If that can not be done diplomatically and it is to be done militarily , Britain will be there .
That would be the tenor of the communication to the president . "
The Lib Dems , who opposed the invasion , have called for the letters to be published , saying Mr Campbell 's evidence cast further doubt on the legality of the war .
Former Conservative Foreign Secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind , who opposed the invasion , said the letters would show the extent to which Tony Blair and George Bush were " hand in glove " over the issue and should be available to the public .
Asked about weapons of mass destruction , Mr Campbell said Tony Blair believed Iraq posed a " unique threat " because Saddam Hussein had used them before and there was no means of dialogue with him .
Mr Campbell said he had provided " presentational " support on the key September 2002 dossier but , at no stage , did No 10 try to " beef up or over - ride " the judgements of the intelligence agencies .
HAVE YOUR SAY Watching Campbell dealing with this enquiry is just awe - inspiring Rob , Lichfield Describing it as a " cautious " assessment , he insisted it had not been designed to present the " case for war " but to highlight why Mr Blair was increasingly " concerned " about the threat posed by Iraq .
" I do n't believe the dossier in any sense misrepresented the position . "
The dossier included a foreword by Mr Blair in which he wrote that he believed the intelligence had established " beyond doubt " that Saddam Hussein had continued to produce chemical and biological weapons .
Sir John Scarlett , chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee , told the inquiry last month that the foreword was " overtly political " and " quite separate " from the rest of the dossier .
45 - minute claim Mr Campbell , who drafted the first version of the foreword - ultimately approved by Mr Blair - said no - one in intelligence challenged this statement which , he added , never suggested Saddam Hussein " was able to do something terrible to the British mainland " .
On the 45 - minute claim , which was retracted after the war , he said the dossier " obviously " could have been clearer about it referring to battlefield munitions .
But he insisted Mr Blair put forward a balanced argument in the House of Commons on the issue and the 45 - minute claim was only given " iconic " status by the press .
INQUIRY TIMELINE January - February : Tony Blair , Jack Straw and other politicians to appear before the panel March : Inquiry to adjourn ahead of the general election campaign July - August : Inquiry expected to resume with Gordon Brown and David Miliband among those appearing Report set to be published in late 2010 or early 2011
Iraq inquiry : Day - by - day timeline Q&A : Iraq war inquiry Questions about Mr Campbell 's role in the dossier were at the centre of a post - war row with the BBC culminating in the death of the government weapons expert Dr David Kelly and the subsequent Hutton inquiry .
Mr Campbell said he was " never in doubt " that Iraq would be found to have weapons of mass destruction and the realisation that they did not was " very difficult " .
On the invasion 's aftermath , he said it became clear within a week that things were not going well and there was a lack of " grip " .
He argued that Secretary of State for International Development Clare Short , who resigned shortly after the invasion in protest about post - war strategy , was " difficult to handle " and suggested there was a fear she might leak things she did not agree with .
Former Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon and former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw will give evidence to the inquiry next week with Mr Blair expected to appear at a later date .
His successor as prime minister , Gordon Brown , will not give evidence until after the general election , expected to take place in May .
The SNP have called for Mr Brown to give evidence before the election as it was he , as chancellor , who " bankrolled " the military campaign .
The Iraq Inquiry 's final report is due to be published by early next year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The best running shoe may be none at all , U.S. researchers said on Wednesday .
Jamaica 's Andrew Gutzmores competes without shoes at the men's 5000 meters final race during the Jamaicam athletics national championship in Kingston June 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
Runners who eschew shoes may be less likely to do serious injury to their feet , because they hold their feet differently , Daniel Lieberman of Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts and colleagues found .
Writing in the journal Nature , they said runners who wear shoes tend to hit the ground with their heels first , whereas barefoot runners put the balls of the feet down first .
“ People who do n’t wear shoes when they run have an astonishingly different strike , ” Lieberman said in a statement .
“ By landing on the middle or front of the foot , barefoot runners have almost no impact collision , much less than most shod runners generate when they heel - strike , ” Lieberman added .
“ Most people today think barefoot running is dangerous and hurts , but actually you can run barefoot on the world ’s hardest surfaces without the slightest discomfort and pain .
All you need is a few calluses to avoid roughing up the skin of the foot . ”
Lieberman and his colleagues at Harvard , the University of Glasgow , and Kenya ’s Moi University studied runners who had always run barefoot , those who had always worn shoes and runners who had abandoned shoes .
Barefoot runners had a springier step overall , and used their calf and foot muscles more efficiently , they found .
Demonstrations can be seenhere .
People used to running in shoes should not start barefoot trotting right away , Lieberman cautioned .
“ If you ’ve been a heel - striker all your life , you have to transition slowly to build strength in your calf and foot muscles , ” he said .
But he noted that evolution is on his side .
“ Humans have engaged in endurance running for millions of years , but the modern running shoe was not invented until the 1970s , ” Lieberman said .
Rival German companies Adidas and Puma made running shoes a household item .
Running shoes are big business .
Nike Inc had $ 4.4 billion in revenue in its second quarter .
" So you do the IGCSE in your school ? "
Welcome to the latest question to be popped by private school pupils to their state school peers .
To which the answer is usually , " No . What 's that ? " accompanied by a look of mild bewilderment .
Even the most savvy of state school students have been unaware , until quite recently , that there are exams , similar in character to the ones they are taking but apparently " far more challenging " in quality .
Given these sorts of exchanges , the news that private schools are increasingly shunning traditional GCSEs in favour of the international GCSE and that within two years one - fifth will offer the international baccalaureate ( an alternative to A - level ) come as no surprise to those who still fraternise across the state / private divide .
Shared discussion of the stresses of public examinations , once a relatively safe , even amicable area of conversation , have in recent years given way to the strained drawing of distinctions or , in the odd case of unpardonable bad manners , the less pleasant kinds of one - upmanship .
Demoralising ?
I 'd say so .
At least on a human level , where real teenagers slog away for months and years on end , note taking and mock taking and the rest – only to be told that however hard they work and however successful they are , their results are demonstrably of lesser value , according to the calculations of a parallel private system .
Ten A - stars , but not an IGCSE among them ?
Oh , what a shame .
More worrying still , the argument for these exams is increasingly justified on the grounds that employers and universities need to be able to distinguish the truly talented from the merely well drilled and diligent .
Forget the sillier forms of intellectual snobbery .
State school students risk being at a serious disadvantage when it comes to applying for certain universities and jobs .
So what else is new , you might ask ?
The emerging distinctions in public exams is just the latest piece in a much bigger jigsaw , a depressing new element in a system that confers numerous specific advantage on a tiny percentage of the already privileged , be that smaller class sizes to more individual attention , a broader curriculum or separation from the mass of society .
In fact , the exam gap is relatively easy to address .
The government , exam boards and qualification authorities should between them reach an agreement on universality .
They should abandon what John Dunford has called the " smorgasbord " of differing qualifications , and create a system that applies to all children , with built - in ways to distinguish , as universities and employers may have to do , between the truly talented and the merely well drilled and super diligent .
Why not revisit the sound principle of the Tomlinson inquiry , which suggested a single overarching diploma that contains within it different components , both vocational and academic , and rising levels of achievement within both of these ?
This is a far fairer approach than saying , as Michael Gove has done , that the Tories will introduce the IGCSE in certain state schools – a promise that threatens to create yet more unhelpful sub-hierarchies within the state system .
His prescription may be wrong , but Gove is right to challenge the state / private division on this matter .
As he says , it is vital that " children from state schools are able to trade in the same exam currency as their wealthier peers ... and compete on a level playing field " .
A controversial CIA contractor has found new work in Haiti , flying drones on disaster recovery duty .
When last we heard from Evergreen International Aviation , the Oregon - based firm was offering to post sentries at local voting centers during the 2008 election , " detaining troublemakers " and making sure voters " do not get out of control . "
* Join Reddit ’s Haiti relief fundraising drive with Direct Relief International .
*Now , company vice president Sam White tells Aviation Week that the firm is flying at least one ScanEagle surveillance drone over Haiti .
" The company has a fleet of 747s and a fleet of large and small choppers , and has begun ferrying in supplies to Port au Prince , " the magazine 's Paul McLeary notes .
" White would n't say who the company is moving cargo for , saying only that 'we ’re working with different agencies , and we have one plane coming in tomorrow full of humanitarian supplies . ' "
Over the years , Evergreen has had all sorts of interesting clients over its five - plus decades in operation .
Back in the late ' 80s , the company " acknowledged one agreement under which his companies provide occasional jobs and cover to foreign nationals the CIA wants taken out of other countries or brought into the United States . "
In 2006 , Evergreen 's parent company flew Bill O’Reilly into Kuwait in 2006 , according toSourceWatch .
Last April , the company won a $ 158 million contract to supply the Air Force with helicopters in Afghanistan .
Haiti would n't be Evergreen 's first disaster - response mission , however .
In September , the State of California chartered Evergreen 's 747 supertanker , to help put out forest fires there .
UPDATE : Brian Whiteside , executive vice president of Evergreen Unmanned Systems , denied that his company is flying drones for the earthquake recovery operation .
" We have no UAVs [ unmanned aerial vehicles ] in Haiti – nothing currently in Haiti , and nothing in the region , " he tells Danger Room .
Whiteside acknowledged that " we do have teams over there that are trying to help . "
But Whiteside is n't sure what , exactly , they 've been able to accomplish .
" We do n't have very good comms with them . "
And when I asked him which government agency or charity Evergreen was trying to support , he ducked the question , and referred me to his spokesperson .
UPDATE 2 : McLeary went back and posted the quotes he got from Evergreen 's Sam White .
" We also have some UAVs here that we ’re bringing in to , uh , probably work with the press to help out downloading live video links and aerial shots of the devastation , " he said .
" We also have 747 cargo airplanes , and so we ’re working with different agencies there and uh , we have a plane landing here tomorrow to bring in a lot of humanitarian supplies .
So we ’ll be here for quite some time . "
So which Evergreen exec is telling the truth ?
UPDATE 3 : Now Whiteside is telling McLeary that Evergreen is n't flying drone over Haiti yet – but hopes to do so as soon as Saturday .
Photo : Evergreen Unmanned Systems
ALSO :
The Zzzzz Factor :
How bed - jumping has become the latest bizarre internet craze
First there was Facebook , then Twitter .
But the latest internet trend is something rather more bizarre than microblogging .
Bed - jumping , the newest craze to hit the web , has seen hundreds of people post images of themselves jumping on beds on a blog hosted by a hotel review site .
Each more extreme and creative than the last , the photographs and videos on hotelsbycity .
net show hotel guests using their beds as a trampoline .
Internet craze :
Two hotel guests strike Superman poses as they bed - jump in their room
One shows a couple jumping simultaneously in ' Superman ' poses , while another appears to be speaking on the telephone and reading a newspaper in mid-air above his bed .
The site 's creators describe the activity as ' completely intoxicating ' .
It reads : ' BedJump is all about creating an exciting and entertaining hotel space .
Our mission is to ensure that all the content on the site comes from you - real hotel guests .
We love your images , and thousands of viewers every day love them too . '
High on life : A man appears to speak on the telephone and read a newspaper in mid-air above his bed
High five :
An Australian aerobics team warm up ahead of the National Championships in Adelaide
Fans of the new sport count an aerobics team from Australia , who posted a large number of pictures during a trip to Adelaide to compete in the National Aerobics Championships .
A member of the team said : ' We used bed jumping as part of our pre-competition preparation - and also as part of the celebrations after we won !'
Ommm : A hotel guest appears to meditate while bed- jumping
Lighting up : A bed - jumper looks like he is levitating with a lamp , so as to shed light on his friends
Puppy love :
A bed - jumper ensures his pet dog does n't miss out on the fun
Action scene :
Four bed - jumpers use a pair of beds for an impressive group shot
Sweet dreams :
One fan pretends to sleep as he bed - jumps in his hotel room
Normally , it begins with the unexplained absence of frogspawn .
Then comes the slow but steady disappearance of dragonfly larvae , fish and ducklings .
In extreme cases , there are vicious attacks on small dogs .
Around Britain , the placid calm of urban ponds and watercourses is being disturbed by a rapacious new menace – legions of abandoned pet terrapins .
Conservationists have issued a warning that hundreds of boating lakes , canals and waterways in towns and cities are infested with terrapins and small turtles which were bought as pets while brightly - coloured babies barely bigger than a 50 p coin but dumped by owners unable to cope as they grew to mature carnivorous adults the size of a dinner plate .
The trend began in the early 1990s when thousands of red-eared terrapins , each capable of living up to 30 years , were bought by young fans of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle cartoon .
But ecologists have warned of a more recent second wave of releases which is seeing additional species , including the aggressive snapping turtle , dumped in the wild .
Although native to warmer climes such as America 's Mississippi valley , the terrapins and turtles readily take up residence in Britain 's parks and wetlands where they have a ready food supply , including young waterfowl .
Experts have seen examples of ponds stripped of wildlife by a population of just two or three terrapins .
Such is the scale of the problem that 51 terrapins and turtles , from five different species , were recently removed from a single pond in a north London park after the local authority called in a specialist trapper .
Two years ago , a colony of 150 of the creatures was removed from the 25 ponds on Hampstead Heath and re-homed at a sanctuary in Tuscany .
The result is a double headache for conservation groups as they try to control the problem by trapping and removing the unwanted invaders but struggle to find new homes for the captives because of their longevity ( some species can live for up to 50 years ) and the costs of running a dedicated aquarium .
One sanctuary receives unwanted animal at a rate of six a week .
John Baker , of the Amphibian and Reptile Conservation ( ARC ) Trust , said : " When these animals are bought as babies they seem attractive pets .
But they grow to a significant size and people think it is OK to take them to their nearest body of water and release them into places where they prey on native species and can spread disease .
" The additional problem is what to do with them once we find them .
The law says they cannot be returned to the water and sanctuaries are often reluctant to take them .
Caring for a terrapin is a major undertaking – they live for decades and we do n't want to see them put down .
People really need to be more responsible about buying them in the first place . "
As committed scavengers without natural predators in Britain , terrapins and turtles find themselves at the top of the food chain in urban ponds and watercourses , chomping their way through a menu of native species that includes newts , fish , toads , frogspawn , larvae and , for the largest and most aggressive specimens , the occasional duckling or juvenile moorhen and coot .
Of particular concern is the common snapping turtle , a powerful American species , which has a vicious bite and is known for its aggression .
One of the creatures was captured in the trawl of Clissold Park in Stoke Newington , which netted 51 critters , while another was suspected of carrying out attacks on several dogs and a Canada goose in east London .
Rebecca Turpin , London officer for the ARC Trust , said : " We should not underestimate the impact that these animals can have .
They can decimate a pond .
I personally know of several where there is no wildlife left because of a few resident terrapins .
" They can go through the native species pretty quickly if the conditions are correct . "
The influx of red-eared terrapins to Britain in the early 1990s was halted by legislation banning imports of the species , but it has been replaced in the pet trade by a number of new types , including the yellow - belly slider , the Cumberland , the diamondback and the European pond turtle .
Individual specimens can be bought for as little as £ 10 .
Experts have consoled themselves with the fact that Britain 's climate means that although the terrapins and turtles can survive , they are unable to breed because cooling temperatures in the autumn do not leave fertilised eggs enough time to hatch .
But the evidence in recent years is that a small numbers of juveniles has survived and prospered , raising the prospect of an established population across the British Isles .
A long - time proponent of criminalizing homosexuality , Dr. Scott Lively , president of Abiding Truth Ministries ( classified by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group ) , released a statement today praising the intent of Uganda ’s anti-gay bill , and commending the courage of the Ugandan people .
Let me be absolutely clear .
I do not support the proposed anti-homosexuality law as written .
It does not emphasize rehabilitation over punishment and the punishment that it calls for is unacceptably harsh .
However , if the offending sections were sufficiently modified , the proposed law would represent an encouraging step in the right direction .
As one of the first laws of this century to recognize that the destructiveness of the “ gay ” agenda warrants opposition by government , it would deserve support from Christian believers and other advocates of marriage - based culture around the world .
As has been reported on Rachel Maddow and throughout the gay / progressive blogosphere , Lively wielded considerable influence in the creation of the anti-gay bill , having testified before Ugandan leaders earlier this year .
Earlier this week Rachel Maddow aired some pretty damning audio of Lively speaking in Uganda :
In a recent interview with LifeSiteNews , Lively describes the impetus for the bill as “ … external interference from European and American gay activists attempting to do in Uganda what they ’ve done around the world – homosexualize that society , ” and cites a fear that homosexuals are entering their country and abusing boys on the streets .
So in Lively ’s reality we are to blame for the anti-gay law in Uganda .
Just as we were to blame during the holocaust .
If you would like give Dr. Lively a piece of your reality , you can contact him at 1-951 - 834-5933 , or via e-mail at [ email protected ] .
Below , some more Lively video prior to his testifying against a transgender hate crimes bill in Massachusetts , where he proceeds to blame us ( in part ) for the inevitable infrastructure collapse of the United States … roads , bridges that sort of thing .
Just incredible .
Post by ILO on 12/11/09 at 6:32 pm
Second Ah - Hah !
Moment : Buying quality & not always quantity is not so stupid after all .
There was a time when I thought : more , is more is more .
Right ?
Heck if someone gives me a choice of eating 2 ice cream cones instead of 1 for the same price , I am damn well going to eat two ice cream cones !
More is more !
But over the past couple of years , I ’ve realized that there is a fine line between buying too many items for too cheap , and buying items that are too expensive .
Buying too many items for cheap
As in my ice cream cone example above , I run the risk of getting a bellyache , or worse , having to throw up from eating too much sugar , fat , cream & dairy .
( True story . )
It ’d be a waste .
And I now , I really hate wasting anything .
But on to safer subjects , depending on the item , sometimes it ’s better to spend the entire amount on a single purchase .
Every year , I used to buy a pair of new winter boots for $ 50 .
( What a waste , I know ! )
But I was sick at the thought of purchasing boots for more than $ 50 .
“ Why do that , when I can get more boots for less money ! ? “ , I reasoned .
I also accumulated many cheap pieces of clothing , as well as a cheap external hard drive that ended up conking out on me and losing all my precious data .
Buying cheap items was a problem .
It was n’t useful or saving me any money in the long run .
So here is my golden rule for shopping : Cost Per Use .
Instead of purchasing $ 50 boots that will wear out in a winter , save up your $ 200 and buy the best pair of boots you can purchase , but only ONCE .
Then , take great care of them so they will be able to last through at least 4 winters or more .
If you can make those $ 200 boots last for 4 winters or more , you are now decreasing the cost per use .
$ 200 / 4 winters = $ 50 / winter $ 200 / 5 winters = $ 40 / winter $ 200 / 6 winters = $ 33.33 / winter .. and so on .
It also cuts down on the stress and agony of trying to find the perfect pair of boots , each winter — you wo n’t need to buy the perfect pair , you already own them .
And you can save or spend your money instead .
As a bonus tie - in to having too many cheap things in your home , Meg had made an excellent point in one of my posts about how having too many things makes a room look less expensive , rather than more .
There you have it .
You do n’t need a lot of expensive items to make a room look expensive .
In fact , the more you clutter the room with those items , the cheaper it looks .
As if your decorations are plentiful and therefore cheap to buy and display in your home .
Even if you only display a single decoration that could n’t have cost more than a $ 1 , but you give it a clear place of honour on your mantlepiece or in your home , it is going to have more value than fifty $ 100 items scattered all over your mantlepiece .
Buying items that are too expensive
The ' Dishonorable ' German Girls The Forgotten Persecution of Women in World War II
Hitler 's Gestapo arrested thousands of women for admitting they had affairs with foreign forced laborers in Germany , despite many confessions being false and made under duress .
Men were often executed and women sent to concentration camps for the crime of " racial defilement . "
Some continued to suffer the consequences long after the end of the war .
The operator of a popular BitTorrent search site said Monday he will likely challenge last week 's landmark decision by a U.S. judge declaring such sites unlawful and no different from conventional peer - to - peer piracy services .
" We do think from our preliminary review there are a number of issues for appeal , " said Ira Rothken , attorney for torrent search engine ISO Hunt , the defendant in the case .
The long - awaited decision , while not unexpected , was the first in the United States in which a federal judge found that BitTorrent search engines are an unlawful avenue ( . pdf ) to free movies , music , videogames and software .
A contrary ruling likely would have sparked a gold rush of BitTorrent prospectors in the United States .
Targeted in the case was Gary Fung , a Canadian who operates ISO Hunt and other torrent search engines .
Among other things , he argued that U.S. laws did not attach to him , and if they did , that his websites were protected under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
In a lawsuit brought by the Motion Picture Association of America , U.S. District Judge Stephen Wilson in Los Angeles ruled : " Defendants ' technology is nothing more than old wine in a new bottle . "
Fung 's " intent to induce infringement is overwhelming and beyond reasonable dispute . "
In terms of infringement , the judge said ISO Hunt was no different than Napster and Grokster .
But he said the BitTorrent technology was far superior and " obviously increases the potential for copyright infringement . "
The judge wrote that , instead of having to log into a proprietary network to download copyright files from each others ' computers , " users access defendants ' generally accessible website in order to download those files .
And instead of downloading content files directly through defendants ' website , defendants ' users download dot - torrent files that automatically trigger the downloading of content files .
These technological details are , at their core , indistinguishable from the previous technologies . "
The MPAA has sued dozens of similar sites in the United States , resulting in settlements or default judgments .
The industry group won an $ 111 million default judgment against TorrentSpy last year after a federal judge concluded the now - shuttered tracker hid evidence .
That case is on appeal , but Judge Wilson 's ruling marks the first time that the legal merits of torrenting have been squarely addressed in the United States .
" The court 's decision establishes a powerful precedent that makes clear , once again , that website operators must respect the rights of content owners and control infringement on their websites , or face liability for their actions , " MPAA vice president Daniel Mandil said in a statement .
Fung , in an e-mail , said his sites should be protected by safe - harbor provisions of the copyright law , which immunize search engines from infringement liability if they promptly remove works when a rights - holder notifies them to take down infringing content .
" We are considering all options , " Fung said .
Among other things , the judge said Fung has not " acted expeditiously to remove , or disable access to , the infringing material . "
The judge said Fung 's sites – including ISO Hunt , Torrentbox and Podtropolis – garner about 10 million hits monthly .
Wilson noted that metadata for the sites included " warez " to alert search engines of the site 's nature , and that Fung was " fostering a community that encouraged – indeed , celebrated – copyright infringement . "
But both Fung and Rothken said the judge got it wrong , that the site has removed thousands of infringing files upon proper request .
" This alone , among other reasons , contradicts allegations that we willfully induce infringements , " Fung said .
The decision came eight months after a Stockholm court ruled similarly in the movie studios and Swedish government 's case against The Pirate Bay , the world 's largest BitTorrent site .
That case , a blend of a civil and a criminal trial , is on appeal .
That April decision calls for the jailing of the Swedish site 's four co-founders .
Despite a Stockholm court 's orders , the site remains functional .
Fung does not face any prison time .
The judge did not order Fung to shutter his sites or pay monetary damages .
A hearing on those matters is scheduled Jan. 11 in Los Angeles .
NEW DELHI  Maoist protestors in Nepal threatened Tuesday to extend a general strike indefinitely and organize a “ storm of mass protests ” unless they were given a place at the head of a unity government , according to news reports .
A former Maoist prime minister , Pushpa Kamal Dahal , also known as Prachanda , gave the Nepalese government until Jan. 24 to set up a new national government .
If those deadlines were not met , the Prachand vowed his supporters would lead demonstrations and stage an indefinite strike that would “ sweep the government away , ” Reuters reported .
Tuesday marked the third day of a nationwide strike that has crippled much of Nepal as thousands of Maoist protestors took to the streets , shouting antigovernment slogans and clashing violently with police .
Businesses were closed and vehicle traffic was almost nonexistent in the capital , Katmandu .
On Sunday , the police arrested at least 70 people as officers used batons and tear gas to break up protesters , who were blocking roads and preventing Nepal ’s prime minister from reaching his residence after returning from the international climate change talks in Copenhagen .
The protests Monday were markedly quieter .
Christmas decorating , stories , crafts ,
graphics , cards , quotations , songs , traditions ,
printables , recipes , games , shopping and
more from AltogetherChristmas.com !
Contact Hecht & Hecht , New York Injury Lawyer
Contact us at 212-226-2400 or send us an E-mail .
A New York injury lawyer from our firm will respond to you .
All calls and e-mails are answered by our attorneys , not by a secretary or a paralegal .
The same applies when you become our client .
We will always make every effort to provide quick and accurate responses to questions from the public and our clients .
Communication is very important to us and we take it very seriously .
We will call you back .
The consultation is free in all personal injury cases .
In New York City personal injury cases our legal fee is paid only if we are successful in recovering money .
To learn more about how the New York City accident attorneys at Hecht & Hecht can help you or your loved one with a personal injury claim or case , whether it is based on an auto accident , car accident , truck accident , motorcycle accident , trip and fall , slip and fall , accident at an airport or an accident on an airplane , or a construction accident while you are working in construction , building , repairing or renovating a building or structure and you had a ladder accident or a scaffold accident , an accident involving any other tools or working at an elevated work area , visit our practice areas or contact or office at any time .
Our New York City accident attorneys are happy to discuss your injury and possible claim or case .
Again , we will call you back .
Anji Archer and her partner , Shaun Henderson , who was killed in a road crash
Every day , several people are killed on the UK 's roads .
With each casualty there is a tale of lives shattered .
In the first of four articles looking at the anatomy of a fatal road crash , Adrian Brown pieces together the events that led an ordinary day to end in tragedy for one family .
Wednesday 3 January 2007 began much like any normal day for Anji Archer and her partner , Shaun Henderson , and their two young children .
It 's a day Anji has played over in her mind countless times since .
" We did the usual things .
Shaun got up , had breakfast , helped get the children ready and then he left for work , " Anji begins .
" It was his first day back after the Christmas and New Year break . "
ANATOMY OF A CRASH
This is an account of a single fatal road crash .
Each chapter follows a stage of the incident .
Part 1 : An ordinary day Part 2 : Immediate response Part 3 : The ' agony message '
Part 4 : The aftermath Anji's story : audio slideshow
Read the full story [ 60KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Anji and Shaun had both been looking forward to the coming year after going through a tumultuous time .
In less than three years , they had gone from being good friends to being in a relationship and becoming parents of two small boys , both of whom had difficult births .
They had met a decade earlier through Stevenage 's arts scene and become firm friends .
They talked often and Anji , an established artist , discovered Shaun 's talent for art and writing poetry .
Anji Archer recalls the day Shaun died
Then , one day , out of the blue , Anji received a letter .
It was from Shaun .
" It was just an amazing hand - written letter .
It was beautiful , absolutely beautiful .
Basically , he was saying , ' I am in love with you and if I do n't say it , I 'll live to regret it ' " .
Within months , they 'd moved in together and soon afterwards along came their first son .
" When Malackay was born he was the spitting image of Shaun .
I could n't ask for a more perfect baby .
I remember thinking , ' I 've got my family now ' .
This is it .
This is all I wanted , " Anji says , her voice catching slightly with the memory .
Within a year , a second son , Reilly , had arrived .
The family was complete .
Later that Wednesday in 2007 in the afternoon , Shaun returned from his job as a chef at a local cafe .
" Considering it was his first day back at work , he came back , " she says , suddenly hesitating , before continuing ; " just full of life . "
' I did n't say goodbye ' " After dinner it was bath the children , read them a story and put them to bed .
Shaun was a very , very hands - on father , very practical , very helpful . "
Just before 7.30 pm , Shaun said he had to go and meet some friends .
A younger Shaun on a classic scooter " I said , okay .
That 's all I said , " she says with regret in her voice .
" I heard him get himself ready , he walked down the stairs .
I picked up Reilly from the cot as he was a bit disturbed , so I did n't go downstairs , I did n't follow Shaun to say goodbye .
I heard him go . "
Shaun left on his silver classic Vespa scooter .
He 'd been into scooters since he was a teenager and was a member of a local scooter club .
Though at the time , he rarely travelled beyond Stevenage on his bike .
It 's likely that Shaun rode little more than a mile before the crash .
To reach the spot where it occurred , Shaun would have threaded his way through the residential area where the family lived to reach a roundabout before turning left on to Six Hills Way , one of Stevenage 's main roads .
After Shaun rode away , Anji came downstairs and got on with the household chores .
Phone call " I remember as I was ironing , I could hear the wind outside and thinking to myself , ' that does n't sound very nice out there .
I hope Shaun 's okay on his scooter ' . "
The lay - by where the van driver made his phone call
At around the time Shaun was leaving home , the driver of a Citroen van had pulled over into a lay - by on Six Hills Way to make a mobile phone call .
When he had finished , he pulled the van forward to get back on to Six Hills Way .
As he did so Shaun was travelling up the hill towards him on his scooter .
His lights were on and he was probably travelling no faster than 30 mph on the 40 mph limit road .
Though it was raining , visibility was good .
At night , the street lamps along this stretch cast an orange glow over the road .
The van 's windows were clean and being high up , the driver should have had a good view of the oncoming traffic .
Emergency brake
When Shaun 's scooter was approximately 20 m away , the van driver pulled out into his path .
Assuming Shaun 's reaction time was the single second it typically takes to react to the unexpected , he'd have travelled a further 13 m towards the van before responding .
Six Hills Way , where Shaun 's crash occured According to the police accident investigator , Shaun emergency braked , causing the front wheel to lock up .
Unlike in a car , on two wheels this can have a dramatic effect , instantly throwing the bike onto its side - which is exactly what happened .
The police crash investigator estimates Shaun and the scooter slid along the wet tarmac together at between 23 and 28 mph until his scooter hit the van .
As it did so Shaun 's head struck the van 's front off - side wing .
Next ,
Part two : Immediate response A selection of reader responses can be read by clicking here
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Canonical released Ubuntu 9.10 in October , the Linux distributor also officially launched Ubuntu One , a cloud storage solution that is designed to synchronize files and application data between multiple computers over the Internet .
The service has considerable potential , but only a handful of applications — including Evolution and Tomboy — take advantage of its capabilities .
Fortunately , the underlying components that Canonical has adopted for Ubuntu
One make it surprisingly easy for third - party software developers to integrate support for cloud synchronization in their own applications .
In this article , we will show you how to do it and give you some sample code so that you can get started right away .
Ubuntu One architecture
There are a few aspects of Ubuntu One 's architecture that you should understand before we begin .
The service 's file and application synchronization features are largely separate and operate on different principles .
In this article , we will be looking solely at the framework for synchronizing application data .
This facet of Ubuntu One is powered by CouchDB , an open source database system .
One of the most noteworthy advantages of CouchDB is that it is highly conducive to replication .
It has built - in support for propagating data between CouchDB instances that are running on different servers .
Ubuntu
One is engineered to take advantage of this characteristic of CouchDB .
When a user runs the Ubuntu One client application that is shipped with Ubuntu 9.10 , it will attempt to establish a pairing with Canonical 's servers in the cloud .
This pairing enables replication between the local instance of CouchDB that is running on the user 's own computer and a remote instance of CouchDB that is hosted on Canonical 's infrastructure .
When the user has the Ubuntu One client enabled , data that applications put in CouchDB will automatically be propagated to and from other computers that the user has authorized to access their Ubuntu One account .
As we explained at length in our review of Ubuntu 9.10 , one of the challenges posed by adopting CouchDB on the desktop is that it is n't really intended to be used with a variable number of instances in multiuser environments .
To work around this limitation , Canonical has created a simple framework of scripts called Desktop CouchDB that make it possible to dynamically spawn per-session instances of CouchDB on randomly selected ports .
Desktop CouchDB uses D - Bus activation to automatically launch the database server when it is needed .
It will also use D - Bus to expose the port number so that applications can connect without having to know the port ahead of time .
In order to improve security and prevent other users from accessing the data , Desktop CouchDB requires that applications supply OAuth credentials before accessing the database .
It 's worth noting that users who do n't want to rely on Ubuntu One can still use Desktop CouchDB and take advantage of CouchDB 's native replication capabilities to achieve seamless cloud synchronization with their own self - hosted infrastructure .
Ubuntu
One provides free hosted storage and largely automates the configuration , but it 's not entirely necessary .
The code examples in this article are intended to work with Desktop CouchDB regardless of whether you have an Ubuntu One account .
Accessing Desktop CouchDB with Python
The Ubuntu One developers have created a simple Python library that wraps the Desktop CouchDB service .
It transparently handles authentication and completely hides the other idiosyncrasies of Desktop Couch .
A GObject - based library is also available for C programmers who want to use the service .
The examples in this tutorial will primarily focus on the Python library .
CouchDB is very different from conventional relational databases .
It is designed to store its content as JSON documents with nested key / value pairs .
To retrieve data from CouchDB , you create special view documents with JavaScript functions that operate on the JSON content .
Although this query model seems very alien to developers who are accustomed to working with SQL , it has its own unique beauty that becomes evident over time .
It 's very flexible because you are n't constrained by a schema and can structure the individual items any way that you want .
The Python library allows you to use dictionary objects to describe your database items .
To create a new CouchDB document , you instantiate a new Record and provide it with the data .
You should also specify the record type by providing a URL that points to human - readable documentation of the record 's structure .
from desktopcouch.records.server import CouchDatabase from desktopcouch.records.record import Record as CouchRecord # Connect to CouchDB and create the database database = CouchDatabase ( " people " , create= True ) # Create a new record with some data record = CouchRecord ({ " email " : " segphault@arstechnica.com " , " nickname " : " segphault " , " name " : " Ryan Paul " } , " http://somewhere/couchdb/person " ) #
Put the record into the database database.put_record( record )
In the example above , we accessed a database called " people " by instantiating the CouchDatabase class .
The create parameter tells CouchDB to automatically create a new database with that name if one does n't already exist .
We instantiated Record with two arguments .
The first one is a dictionary with the data that we want to store in the record .
The second one is the record type URL .
Finally , we pushed the record into the database by calling the put_record method .
After you run this code , you can see the newly added data in CouchDB by using Futon , a nifty CouchDB debugging tool that lets you inspect and manage databases .
You can access Futon by opening ~/.local/ share/desktop-couch/couchdb.html in your Web browser .
If you have Ubuntu One enabled , the data will automatically appear on other connected computers during the next replication cycle ( Ubuntu One data replication occurs every ten minutes ) .
The concept of record type URLs might seem a bit confusing and warrants further clarification .
One of the goals of the Desktop CouchDB project is to encourage interoperability between applications .
The record types , which are not a standard part of CouchDB , are a convention that was introduced by Canonical 's developers to make it easier for multiple applications to share the same data with each other in CouchDB .
The URL is supposed to point to a wiki page that describes the fields that are used with the associated record type .
Ideally , these fields should not be implementation - specific .
Information that is intended to be used only by a single application should be stored in a subdocument for application annotations .
It 's important to understand that record type documentation is not the same thing as a schema .
The goal is to provide guidance that will help other developers make their software work with the data .
Conformance with the documented structure is not enforced in any way and you are not obligated to use a valid URL .
Additionally , it 's important to keep in mind that CouchDB data is supposed to be amorphous and you do n't necessarily need to have the same fields in every record within a database .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Miep Gies , the last surviving member of the group who helped protect Anne Frank and her family from the Nazis , has died in the Netherlands aged 100 .
She and other employees of Anne Frank 's father Otto supplied food to the family as they hid in a secret annex above the business premises in Amsterdam .
Anne 's diary of their life in hiding , which ended in betrayal , is one of the most famous records of the Holocaust .
It was rescued by Mrs Gies , who kept it safe until after the war .
Miep Gies died in a nursing home after suffering a fall just before Christmas .
Speaking last year as she celebrated her 100th birthday , Mrs Gies played down her role , saying others had done far more to protect Jews in the Netherlands .
She and her fellow employees kept Anne and the seven others supplied for two years , from 1942 to 1944 .
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945
When the family were found by the authorities , they were deported , and Anne died of typhus in the German concentration camp of Bergen - Belsen .
It was Mrs Gies who collected up Anne 's papers and locked them away , hoping that one day she would be able to give them back to the girl .
In the event , she returned them to Otto Frank , who survived the war , and helped him compile them into a diary that was published in 1947 .
It went on to sell tens of millions of copies in dozens of languages .
Mrs Gies became a kind of ambassador for the diary , travelling to talk about Anne Frank and her experiences , campaigning against Holocaust denial and refuting allegations that the diary was a forgery .
For her efforts to protect the Franks and to preserve their memory , Mrs Gies won many accolades .
Memories of Anne
In an interview from 1998 , published on the annefrank website , Miep Gies says she thought it " perfectly natural " to help Anne and the seven others despite the penalties she could have suffered under the Nazi occupation .
Mrs Gies , bottom left , and Otto Frank , next to her , were reunited after the war " They were powerless , they did n't know where to turn ... " she says .
" We did our duty as human beings : helping people in need . "
Her role was , she recalls , to fetch vegetables and meat while others supplied bread or books .
Her memory of Anne is of having the feeling she was " speaking to an adult " .
" I 'd say to myself , ' My goodness , child , so young and talking like that already ' , " she says in the interview .
She believes that she once came across Anne writing the diary .
" It was a very uncomfortable situation , " she says .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " I tried to decide what to do .
Should I walk away or go to her ?
At that moment she glanced at me , with a look that I 'll never forget .
" This was n't the Anne I knew , that friendly , charming child .
She looked at me with anger , rage .
Then Anne stood up , slammed her diary shut and glared at me with great condescension .
' Yes , ' she said , ' I 'm writing about you , too . '
" I did n't know what to say .
The only thing I could manage was : ' That ought to be interesting . ' "
Mrs Gies also remembers the day the Franks were taken away and how she went up into the empty annex to find the pages of the diary lying on the floor .
Removing the pages , she did not read them immediately , telling herself at the time : " These may belong to a child , but even children have a right to privacy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Imagine if you will , being on a deserted South Pacific island alone for 300 days .
That is what explorer Xavier Rosset is doing .
Armed with only a Swiss army knife , machete , video camera and a solar panel for charging the camera , Rosset plans to develop " another way of life " and create a documentary of his 10 months surviving on the remote island .
Here is the last email received from him :
May 29th 2008
hello Cheyenne ,
thanks for zour mail .
My travel is very fine , I went on the island I am going to stay for 10 month .
Tofua island .
it is a very wild place and it exactly what I need .
there is no sandy beach .. booh I donât need it anyway ...
I stayed there for 3 days by walking around and drinking coconut ...
Xavier Rosset
Adventurer
Private Islands Blog
www.xavierrosset.com
Translated into English
The Millennium Falcon is a fictional spacecraft in the Star Wars universe commanded by smuggler Han Solo ( Harrison Ford ) and his Wookiee first mate , Chewbacca ( Peter Mayhew ) .
The highly modified YT - 1300 light freighter first appears in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope ( 1977 ) , and subsequently in Star Wars Episode V : The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 ) , Star Wars Episode VI : Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) and , in a cameo , Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith ( 2005 ) .
The Falcon also appears in a variety of Star Wars Expanded Universe materials , including books , comics and games James Luceno ’s novel Millennium Falcon focuses on the titular ship .
Star Wars fans have probably seen all episodes .
Watching these episodes you could see there a lot of different machines .
Some got a really great idea to create those machines out of a paper .
Here you can see the photos of different machines that are appearing in Star Wars episodes created from a paper .
We Recommend :
Re-reported , edited by Carolyn Bennett
" American primary and secondary schools fail to educate because that is not their function , Dmitry Orlov writes .
" Their function is to institutionalize children at an early age . "
In due course inmates of the U.S. education enterprise " will go on to other institutions - jails , psychiatric hospitals , the military . "
" … There is a reason why jails , hospitals and schools are often architecturally indistinguishable : they are but different parts of the same system , representing different phases of the institutionalization life cycle . "
What of higher learning ?
Those " who learn obedience while retaining some semblance of sanity [ enter ] U.S. colleges and universities [ that ] fail to produce graduates who have adequate general knowledge , good command of their native language [ Illiteracy in the United States is abnormally high for a developed nation ] , and the ability to acquire specialized knowledge without any further institutional assistance . "
This failure can be attributed to many factors ; Dmitry Orlov deepens his thesis in Reinventing Collapse : " the star system of professorship , where politically connected faculty members teach seminars on how and why they are glorious .
Most of the actual teaching is left up to adjuncts , associate professors , post - docs , teaching fellows and other academic rabble ; the dead weight of so - called chips off the old block – children of alumni ; the refusal of talented Americans to teach , leaving the field open to foreigners who could n't get in at home … .
But … again , a much simpler explanation should suffice : the goal of the American higher education system is not to educate . "
Orlov was writing in the same period the American Civil Liberties Union was reporting American ' Education ' as a " School to Prison Pipeline . "
The process of criminalizing rather than educating America 's children as manifested in zero - tolerance discipline , school - based arrests , disciplinary alternative schools , and secured detention marginalizing the most at - risk youth and denying them access to education - amounts to a " school - to - prison pipeline . "
Zero -tolerance punitive policies of severe discipline and expulsion unmindful of individual circumstances begin the child 's journey through the pipeline .
American schools no longer rely on teachers and administrators to handle minor student misconduct , but on law enforcement : full - time police officers ( or ' school resource officers ' ) untrained in working with youth .
These enforcers patrol secondary school hallways , approach youth as street ' perps ' , and arrest students for " non-violent offenses such as ' disruptive conduct ' or ' disturbance of the peace . ' "
Pupils are led handcuffed from classrooms for " throwing temper tantrums , throwing an eraser at a teacher , breaking a pencil , having rap lyrics in a locker . "
Though no evidence supports the notion that minority students misbehave more than non- minority students , the former ( including students with disabilities ) are punished more often and more severely and piped into prisons .
In under - resourced U.S. schools , budget allotments better spent on basic educational resources such as textbooks and libraries fund security .
Schools spend millions to procure police officers and security personnel .
The ' punishment gap ' grows in proportion to schools ' race to stay alive , retain federal funds , in a rigid " no- child - left - behind " codified teach - the - test curriculum / testing that eggs on the manipulation of school performance data by eliminating " low - performing " students .
In some states , expelled or suspended students " have no right " to education at all .
Rising numbers of districts dump students , involuntarily , into disciplinary alternative schools - sometimes run by private , for - profit companies [ similar to contracted mercenaries ] - not subject to accountability or traditional school standards such as minimum hours and curriculum requirements , teachers and textbooks , diplomas upon graduation .
Whatever this " states rights , " private - public , fragmented enterprise in U.S. education is purporting to produce ; it is most assuredly not a critically vital education , or educated people .
Education is not about learning " unquestioning obedience within a complex rule - following system , " as Orlov terms it ; education at least equips the learner with " a wide mental horizon " making one " at least theoretically capable of disobedience . "
Orlov concludes that in his view , and I quite agree with this view , an educated person is not " just someone who can get a job that pays well , " but an educated person is " someone free in mind and spirit to explore the universe on [ her / his ] own . "
In the current narrow approach to education " lies [ America 's ] undoing . "
Sources and notes
Reinventing Collapse : The Soviet Example and American Prospects , Dmitry Orlov , New Society Publishers , June 1 , 2008 , excerpts from pages 94-97
" School - prison pipeline , " ACLU , June 6 , 2008 , http://www.aclu.org/print/racial-justice/school-prison-pipeline-talking-points, published at American Civil Liberties Union .
http://www.aclu.org/
-###-
Dr. Carolyn LaDelle Bennett - author , independent journalist Blog : Today 's Insight News Blog : http://todaysinsightnews.blogspot.com/
Carolyn Bennett's Latest book : BREAKDOWN : Violence in Search of U ( you ) - Turn
Nature and Consequences of U.S. International and Domestic Affairs
Book pages : www.xlibris.com/BREAKDOWN:ViolenceinSearchofU(you)-Turn.html
www.xlibris.com/CarolynLaDelleBennett.html
www.bennettsbreakdown.com
Order books at Xlibris 888-795-4274 ext.
7876 ; www.xlibris.com, www.amazon.com, www.barnesandnoble.com, or through local bookstores
Has your Social Security Disability claim been wrongfully denied ?
Grappling with a chronic condition , a newly diagnosed disease , or a serious injury can be physically painful and emotionally overwhelming .
In addition to your health concerns , you are faced with paying your bills , supporting your family , and keeping your head above water without the help of your regular income .
You want to work and provide for yourself , but you simply cannot .
Social Security Disability ( SSD ) benefits should be your safety net in this situation .
Throughout your working years , you have paid taxes toward this federal insurance program just in case this exact situation occurs : you are hurt or unwell , and you need support .
Unfortunately , successfully receiving Social Security Disability benefits proves more difficult than just making payments to the Social Security program .
The stark reality is that over two - thirds of all applications for disability benefits are denied each year .
The Social Security Administration even readily admits that many valid claims are denied each year simply for technical reasons .
In fact , Social Security Disability is harder to secure today than it ever has been before .
Fewer and fewer cases are being accepted by the SSA .
Securing the benefits to which you ’re entitled depends more than ever on having an experienced attorney on your side .
The Lisbon Treaty could come into force as early as next month after Czech president Vaclav Klaus signed the charter earlier today , removing the last obstacle to its ratification .
Mr Klaus was the last EU leader to ratify the treaty and his signature means the union of nearly half a billion people can now focus on picking its first president and a more powerful foreign representative to speak for it on global affairs .
The treaty , with roots in the failed European Constitution rejected by voters in two member states in 2005 , is aimed at making the European Union more flexible and a stronger player on the world scene , to match the rise of emerging powers like China .
The staunchly eurosceptic Czech president signed the pact after the country 's Constitutional Court had thrown out a complaint against it earlier in the day .
" I had expected the court ruling and I respect it , although I fundamentally disagree with its content and justification , " Mr Klaus told reporters .
The European Union 's Swedish presidency said it would like all remaining details to be put in place so that the treaty could come into force on December 1st .
Swedish prime minister Frederik Reinfeldt said he would call an EU summit to discuss possible appointments under the treaty .
European Parliament president Jerzy Buzek said President Klaus 's signing was " great news " .
Governments should now get on with nominations for the new posts as quickly as possible , he said .
EU leaders failed to agree at a summit last week in Brussels on who should hold the new EU presidency , a post whose powers are still somewhat unclear .
The chances of once - favoured Briton Tony Blair , the former prime minister , seem doomed after he failed to win the backing of the European Socialists , his Labour Party 's allies .
No front - runner has emerged , but possible contenders include former taoiseach John Bruton , Dutch prime minister Jan Peter Balkenende , former Finnish prime minister Paavo Lipponen and Luxembourg prime minister Jean - Claude Juncker .
The Czech president had been banned by law from signing the treaty until the Constitutional Court had ruled on a complaint by his allies in the Czech upper house , the Senate , who argued the treaty would erode national sovereignty .
The court rejected the arguments .
" The judgment was unanimous ; none of the judges filed a dissenting opinion to either the judgment or its reasoning , " the court said in a written verdict .
The Czech parliament has approved the pact but president Klaus long argued against it , saying it would turn the bloc into a superstate with little democratic control .
" With the Lisbon Treaty taking effect , the Czech Republic will cease to be a sovereign state , despite the political opinion of the Constitutional Court , " he said .
He had said he would raise no further obstacles after EU leaders agreed last week to give the Czechs an opt - out from a rights charter attached to the treaty .
President Klaus says this was necessary to avoid property claims by Germans expelled from Czechoslovakia after World War Two .
Reuters
The IPCC provides temperature “ projections ” as part of their assessment reports .
These projections are based on various “ storyline ” scenarios using various amounts of CO2 to drive the global circulation models .
Comparison of IPCC Third Assessment Report ( TAR ) 2001 and Assessment Report ( AR4 ) 2007
The following figure shows Figure 9.14 from the TAR .
It shows temperature projections to 2100 : “ results are relative to 1990 and shown for 1990 to 2100 .
future changes for the six illustrative SRES scenarios using a simple climate model tuned to seven AOGCMs .
Also for comparison , following the same method , results are shown for IS92a .
The dark blue shading represents the envelope of the full set of thirty - five SRES scenarios using the simple model ensemble mean results .
The light blue envelope is based on the GFDL_R15 _a and DOE PCM parameter settings .
The bars show the range of simple model results in 2100 for the seven AOGCM model tunings . ”
The following figure shows Figure SPM - 5 from the AR4 .
It shows temperature projections to 2100 : “ Solid lines are multi - model global averages of surface warming ( relative to 1980 - 99 ) for the scenarios A2 , A1B and B1 , shown as continuations of the 20th century simulations .
Shading denotes the plus / minus one standard deviation range of individual model annual averages .
The orange line is for the experiment where concentrations were held constant at year 2000 values .
The gray bars at right indicate the best estimate ( solid line within each bar ) and the likely range assessed for the six SRES marker scenarios .
The assessment of the best estimate and likely ranges in the gray bars includes the AOGCMs in the left part of the figure , as well as results from a hierarchy of independent models and observational constraints . ”
In a revision of the AR4 Summary for Policymakers ( 2008 ) the following figure became the Figure SPM.5 .
The left - hand side of the figure shows the scenarios in terms of the GHG emissions .
The warming and seal level rise estimates for the scenarios are summarized in the following table .
The following figure compares the TAR ( left ) and AR4 ( right ) projections from the above figures .
The main difference is that they do n’t display the blue “ envelope of the full set of thirty - five SRES scenarios ” in the AR4 and the A1F1 scenario is no longer displayed as a plot on the graph .
The following table compares the TAR with the AR4 in terms of temperature plots for various models for a couple of the scenarios .
TAR AR4 Figure 9.6 from the TAR .
“ The time evolution of the globally averaged temperature change relative to the years ( 1961 to 1990 ) of the SRES simulations A2 ( top ) and B2 ( bottom ) ” Figure 10.5 from the AR4 .
“ Time series of globally averaged surface warming ( surface air temperature change , °C ) from the various global coupled models for the scenarios A2 ( top ) , A1B ( middle ) and B1 ( bottom ) .
Numbers in parentheses following the scenario name represent the number of simulations shown .
Values are annual means , relative to the 1980 to 1999 average from the corresponding 20th - century simulations , with any linear trends in the corresponding control run simulations removed .
A three - point smoothing was applied .
Multi-model ( ensemble ) mean series are marked with black dots ” From the IPCC AR4 ( Chapter 8 [ http://ipcc-wg1.ucar.edu/wg1/Report/AR4WG1_Print_Ch08.pdf]): the spread of climate sensitivity estimates among current models arises primarily from inter-model differences in cloud feedbacks …
Therefore , cloud feedbacks remain the largest source of uncertainty in climate sensitivity estimates .
models exhibit a large range of global cloud feedbacks , with roughly half of the climate models predicting a more negative CRF [ cloud radiative forcing ] in response to global warming , and half predicting the opposite it is not yet possible to assess which of the model estimates of cloud feedback is the most reliable Despite considerable effort since the TAR , uncertainties remain in the representation of solar radiation in climate models …
Difficulties in simulating absorbed solar and infrared radiation at the surface leads inevitably to uncertainty in the simulation of surface sensible and latent heat fluxes
The Glass Co provides food presentation solutions for the market of glass dinnerware .
The Glass Co owns the trademarks of MyGlassPlate ( a “ no frills ” brand that distributes Fresh , Strong , Sexy glass plates with prices under 10euros ) , Buffetize and Tiger - Glass ( a professional buffet display system and a collection of extremely price competitive fused glass dishes and MyGlassStudio ( the luxury custom made glass dinner plates and glass dinner sets that provide solutions for any restaurant tabletop design ) .
Specifically for the COVID - 19 crisis , we developed a unique product that will help the hospitality industry : The Bento Dinner Plates .
Read more about The Bento Dinner Plates
For inquiries about our retail collection , visit AnnaVasily , Designer Tableware and Dinnerware Sets
The Designer / Developer Workflow Crisis ( That Everyone ’s Ignoring ) Thursday , October 15 , 2009
Let ’s take an honest look at what passes for developer / designer workflow these days :
Why are we okay with this ?
Sure , designers are fond using the programs they ’ve used for years , and developers are busy debating DI vs. IOC , but we ’re missing a bigger point .
We ’re ignoring how ridiculous the entire workflow has become .
I argued with some folks on Twitter about this a while ago , here ’s the short version :
Here ’s a bit more detail on what I was thinking .
Approaching design and development separately is horribly inefficient
I ’ve been privileged to work with a lot of very talented web designers over the past decade .
Most of them spoke Photoshop .
To quote Scott Koon , these folks see developers as compilers who turn Photoshop into websites .
I ’ve also had frustrating conversations with developers over the years who just did n’t see the point in this annoying standards stuff and were perfectly happy to just give up and use tables .
And it all works , in the very very short term .
But it only works because the people who pay the bills do n’t know how ridiculously inefficient it is .
The flowchart above is funny because it ’s true , the more you experience how true it is , the less funny it becomes .
Production workers need to understand - deeply understand - what they ’re producing
There ’s a continual flow of developer products and frameworks which all purport to sell one product : we let you write code in languages you like , so you do n’t have to mess with that yucky web plumbing , cross - browser testing , and other yucky stuff – just write code all day !
And many designers prefer to work at the purely visually level , preferring to live in a world of hip fonts , color schemes , and favorite Photoshop filters .
At the micro level , it all makes sense .
And yet , it ’s all so wrong .
As members of web development teams , our jobs exist to deliver HTML .
And some images , too , but really the information ’s in the HTML , so that should be the focus , right ?
The longer I work in web development , the more appalled I come at how little professional web developers know about the core technologies of their craft : HTML and CSS .
HTML and CSS should be the lingua franca of web development teams .
Designers and developers should huddle around a CSS rule , both feeling at home .
Instead , I hear lip service – “ Of course I know HTML !
And I know enough CSS to get by … ”
One of the top reasons developers and designers need to be better informed about their core technologies is that they define the natural laws of the world we inhabit .
For example , architects do n’t ignore physical limitations when they design buildings , leaving it to engineers to make it work , and ( good ) engineers do n’t product ugly buildings , hoping someone else can fix it with a paint job .
No , beautiful and functional buildings are built by teams that have a deep understanding of what the available materials can support , and they push them to the limit .
So , too , with most other professions .
Why is web development is an exception to this rule ?
A comp is just another word for a specification .
Why are professional web developers writing specifications , when they should be designing user experiences for the web ?
Server code is of no concern or value to a website user , outside of the effect that it creates in their browser .
Why , then , do so few experienced web coders care about things like CSS techniques and semantic markup ?
We ’re doing this today
A good designer / developer workflow is standard practice where I work ( Vertigo ) , and I ’m certain it makes a huge difference in both the efficiency and quality of the end result .
It requires investments ( hiring , training , educating clients , etc. ) , but I know they pay off many times over .
For instance , we ’ve been able to respond to changing requirements under very short timeframes in ways that just would n’t have been possible if we had designers and developers working in different silos .
So when people tell me that this whole developer / designer workflow thing is just a marketing strategy , I have to disagree .
I think it works in places that have tried it , and can be developed in places that have n’t .
Today , tomorrow
One great thing about developing this skill in the traditional ( HTML based ) world is that it ’s very transferrable to RIA technologies , like Silverlight .
Designers who really get HTML +CSS can pretty quickly tear into Silverlight , often finding it easier because they can substitute vectors for images .
And I really believe that the HTML story is headed that way , too .
We can already approximate things by using Canvas or SVG in all leading browsers , then shimming it into IE with things like VML .
Eventually I expect IE will ( finally ) support SVG , and we ’ll see the vision of image - less pages fully realized .
And then what ?
Well , at that point , Photoshop comps will be more obviously pointless .
It ’ll be clear that they ’re no more than specifications , and not even very efficient in that job .
My point : an investment the whole “ designer / developer workflow ” is , I think , a good short term and long term bet .
And it ’s an excellent career bet , too .
I ’m seeing a very clear trend : integrators – those who do n’t limit themselves to just designing or developing – are in high demand .
China has taken a tough line on lip- synching
Two Chinese pop singers have fallen foul of a lip - synching ban , facing fines of up to $ 12,000 ( £ 7,400 ) for allegedly miming at a concert .
The firm that put on their 2009 show insists Yin Youcan and Fang Ziyuan are dancers and says it cannot find them .
Miming was banned in China after a girl was revealed to have lip - synched at the 2008 Beijing Olympics opening ceremony .
The actual singer , a seven - year old with crooked teeth , was not considered pretty enough to appear .
A miming controversy befell the Beijing Olympics opening ceremony
Instead a nine - year - old girl who was deemed to look more suitable mouthed along to a recording , charming a worldwide audience and earning the title of China 's " smiling angel " .
China was embarrassed by the revelations and authorities in the Chinese province of Sichuan now say Yin Youcan and Fang Ziyuan must pay the fines .
In December 2008 , China banned lip - synching from the nation 's biggest TV show , held to celebrate Chinese New Year .
The broadcasting regulator ordered organisers to pick " real " singers and songs with " healthy " lyrics .
The Ministry of Culture said in 2008 it would revoke the licences of professional performers who are caught lip - synching twice during a two - year period .
And at 2007 's year 's Spring Festival Gala , actress Zhang Ziyi was criticised for miming her way through her performance in the patriotic , star - studded TV extravaganza .
As a result , China 's State Administration of Radio , Film and Television issued an order on its website to " choose performers with real singing ability " .
Ron Artest , the often - controversial Los Angeles Lakers forward , told a magazine interviewer he used to drink alcohol at halftime of NBA games .
" I used to drink Hennessy ... at halftime , " Artest said in an interview with the Sporting News , which is publishing the story in its Dec. 7 issue .
" I [ kept it ] in my locker .
I 'd just walk to the liquor store and get it . "
Hennessy is a French cognac .
Artest said he drank when he played for the Chicago Bulls , where he played for his first three seasons ( 1999 - 2002 ) .
He has since played for Indiana , Sacramento , Houston and the Lakers .
A Lakers spokesman said the team had looked into Artest 's past before signing him , according to the Los Angeles Daily News .
" We do a thorough background check and due diligence prior to signing any player , and while we wo n't share exactly what we did and did n't know about Ron , we obviously felt comfortable or we would n't have signed him , " team spokesman John Black said , according to the report .
NBA spokesman Tim Frank said Wednesday : " We have no comment and we hope Ron has a successful season . "
Bulls center Brad Miller , who played with Artest in Chicago and was traded with him to Indiana in February 2002 , was asked if he thought Artest was telling the truth .
" Who knows with Ron , " Miller said .
" You never knew what he was doing at that point . "
Artest was a member of the Pacers when he was involved in a fight in Detroit that spilled over into the stands .
He was suspended for the rest of the 2004 - 05 season , which turned out to be 73 games .
Artest told the Sporting News that the brawl " was n't my fault .
... I do n't see anything I could have done different . "
In the article Artest said he 's still ready to fight Detroit center Ben Wallace , the player who shoved him on the play that preceded the brawl with Pistons fans .
" He said he wanted to fight me ?
You all need to check and see if he 's still drinking , " Wallace said Wednesday night before Detroit 's game in Chicago .
" He 's just running his mouth .
You all know who you 're talking about .
It 's Ron Artest , just talking . "
Artest told the Sporting News that he has tamed his admittedly wild lifestyle , but still likes to " party and I have fun . "
Outside interest groups are springing up on a daily basis to dump huge sums of money into the US Senate race , funding negative television ads that seek to tip the race in its closing hours .
Massachusetts has become ground zero in the struggle over a national health care overhaul pending in Congress , and groups on both sides of the issue have emerged to blast mostly negative ads at the relatively small electorate that will decide the election Tuesday .
Total spending on advertising in the final nine days by the major - party candidates , Democrat Martha Coakley and Republican Scott Brown , and their allies could approach $ 3 million , which is an astounding figure for a Bay State election .
The saturation ad buys are most apparent in time slots adjacent to local news programs or in morning programs on the networks .
For instance , viewers of ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ’ ’ in the Boston market would have seen at least a dozen Senate campaign spots yesterday , most of them entirely negative , during the two - hour program on the local affiliate , WCVB - TV .
Today , at least 11 spots are scheduled , and tomorrow there will be at least 13 , a review of the station ’s public files of political ads reveals .
Spots attacking Brown often run back to back , as the Democratic state and national parties and outside groups backing Coakley , such as the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , attempt to halt the Republican ’s surge in the polls and in fund - raising , in a race for the seat held by Edward M. Kennedy for nearly 47 years , once thought to be impregnable to Republican challengers .
Brown ’s declaration that he would be the Republicans ’ 41st vote to kill the health care bill in the Senate nationalized the race almost overnight .
“ It ’s a goal - line stand for the Democrats , ’’ said Ray La Raja , professor of political science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
“ The stakes are so high now , with this being the 60th seat the Democrats need .
. . .
They ’re scared out of their minds .
President Obama does n’t want this to be a referendum on his health care policy , especially in Massachusetts , which has the archetypal policies he ’s trying to use in Washington . ’’
What was supposed to be a cakewalk is suddenly a strain on the party treasury , draining funds that otherwise would have been available to defend vulnerable Democratic seats this fall .
At the national and state level , the Democratic Party will expend the maximum $ 880,000 allowed in coordination with the campaign of Coakley , state party chairman John Walsh said yesterday .
The earthquake that shattered Haiti has unleashed fears that child - eating spirits , mythological figures entrenched in Haitian culture , are prowling homeless camps in search of young prey .
The ' loup - garous , ' which means ' wolf man ' in French , is similar to werewolf legends in other parts of the world .
In Haitian folklore , it is a person who is possessed by a spirit and can turn into a beast or even a dog , cat , chicken , snake or another animal to suck the blood of babies and young children .
Fear of loups - garou has grown since a powerful earthquake devastated Haiti two weeks ago , killing as many as 200,000 people and forcing hundreds of thousands more to sleep outside in vast camps or on the streets .
Some people accused of being loups - garous have reportedly been lynched since the earthquake , including a man killed at the La Grotte camp for displaced people above the capital of Port - au - Prince .
" After the earthquake , the loup - garou fled from prison .
He was bragging that he was in jail because he was caught eating children ... during the night he went into the tents and tried to take someone 's child , " said Michaelle Casseus , a camp resident .
In another camp , residents described beating a man almost to death after he tried to take a baby during the night .
Night - time patrols have been set up to deter the spirits , who are also called ' lougarou ' in the Creole language .
" The loup - garou is profiting from the earthquake to eat the children , " said Milot Bazelais , a civil servant who was left homeless by the quake and also works for a charity group to help neighbourhood children .
He said he had heard that one patrol killed a spirit before she had time to change form .
Spiritual combat
Most of Haiti's 9 million people are Roman Catholics but many also practice voodoo , a religion with African roots .
The belief in loups - garous cuts across religious identity and is most strongly adhered to among Haiti 's poor , who are the majority in the most impoverished country in the western hemisphere .
Haiti's secretary of state for finance , Sylvain Lafalaisse , says the fears are stronger in times of social dislocation .
" People talk about loups - garous to give a name to their fears , but it is child snatchers who snatch children , not evil spirits , " said Mr Lafalaisse .
Thousands of Haitian children have been orphaned or separated from their parents by the earthquake , and the government and aid groups warn of a growing threat of child traffickers seizing young children for illegal adoptions .
Haiti's government says it has already buried 120,000 victims of the January 12 earthquake , and tens of thousands more are believed to have been buried by their families or are still in the rubble of wrecked buildings .
At a mass grave in Titayen just north of Port - au - Prince , mechanical diggers have churned personal possessions of the dead to the surface .
A student ID card , a child 's pink sandal , a school satchel complete with school books and pencils and a Bible all lay strewn across the enormous grave site on Monday .
Voodoo priests are objecting to mass burials , saying they do not respect the dignity of the dead .
- Reuters
I have made Christmas " trees " in 2007 and 2009 highlighted by Tesla coil sparks .
This year the new project will be very different .
Personalized Holiday Cards
Early ideas 2009
Here is a shot of my big Tesla coil with a rotating rod of about 7 ft being raised and a 63 second exposure taken .
No colours or star yet , just a huge bushy tree of bright sparks ( near the ground ) and less bright streamers higher up .
( click to enlarge ) Problem is that when colours are applied , the sparks are brighter than the streamers .
( click to enlarge )
The streamers have poor colour saturation , particularly in the desirable tree color of green .
So a modification was called for to allow continuous sparks towards the end of the rod .
Getting closer .
This is an example of continuous sparks rather than streamers .
The colors are more intense and any color looks good .
There is a minor problem in that the sparks are bunched up .
Depending on how the filters are shifted the above effects can be seen depending how the filter wheel rotated and how fast , ( click to enlarge )
Here is another version closer to the desired effect .
More spherical in shape but more tree like with the TC secondary being the trunk .
Now just have to tidy up and fit Santa in .
Oh , and make a star ...
The Star 2009
( click to enlarge )
The left photo above shows the 10 dead fluorescent tubes covered with orange cellophane that comprise the final star .
This is strung up by ropes so that it is 30 feet to to top point .
The center photo shows the star lit by induced currents only .
The right photo shows the star lit with direct flow of current from the TC to earth via the star and is much brighter .
So much so that it leaves a prominent lens flare duplicate of the star .
This is actually present in the final photo as well but is covered by a lot of other sparks .
There is a lot of blurring due to wind here .
But to go back to the beginning of the star development ....
This caused me a lot of angst .
I did try with burning CD 's with only partial success .
( click to enlarge ) ( click to enlarge )
The left photo shows a simple small ( 5 ft ) star made of CD's .
They did work as expected ( right photo ) but would probably start burning with flames towards the end of a run .
A bigger star might use 50 CD's or more and does n't allow for many trial runs .
Above is an animated gif of the burning CD 's in a simple linear star .
It works but is a bit tedious .
Construction 2009
Here is a shot of the first version .
You can see the nylon line that lifts the arm in an arc particularly in the middle photo .
It is attached to a rope between the trees .
( click to enlarge )
The rotating arm is shown here from a lowered position to midway then up fully .
( click to enlarge )
Here , I have attached a small spray of fibreoptic lights which show the spiral course of the tip of the arm .
( click to enlarge )
The left photo shows me casting a fishing line aiming for a space in the upper branches .
This was used to pull through a rope between two trees which gives me a suspension point 9 m ( 30 ft ) in the air .
In fact this was too low and I later aimed for the highest branches at 14 m ( 45 ft ) .
A convenient " skyhook " to hang the star and also the wire that elevates the rotating rod .
The top of the star ended up at 9 m ( 30 ft ) for this tree which was twice the height of the 2007 tree .
( click to enlarge )
This shows the pulley arrangement attached to the rope which is earthed ( grounded ) by the black wire that goes to RF earth in the right photo which is a pipe hammered a few feet into the ground .
( click to enlarge )
The left photo above shows a close up of a double exposure with my foot and sparks hitting the ground .
The center photo shows Santa checking framing and focus .
It only just fits on my 18 mm lens .
Note the rotating filter in front .
Santa 's helper is in the right photo - the wife Jane - who controls whether I live or die .
She calls it " quality time " .
S pecial effects 2009
This is how its done .
The cameras exposure starts now and will remain open for 2 minutes recording any light that happens in that time .
( click to enlarge )
First there is a flash of Santa with the Tesla coil power OFF .
He never gets close to any sparks because it is dangerous , remember .
Small point is that the rod is hidden behind the Tesla coil which is well illuminated .
For this to work the area behind Santa needs to be far away and black so it does n't get lit by sparks and show up on top of Santa in the long exposure .
Next , Santa turns on the rotating rod and runs away !
In darkness so you do n't see that on camera .
The filter is changed to green and the Tesla coil turned on .
( click to enlarge )
The composite demo shot illustrates the rotating rod in view and sparks from the rod to the ground .
After some rotation the filter has been changed to green so the only illumination ( the sparks ) is now green .
In the actual shot you never see the rotating rod because it is never still in one spot so just blurs out of view .
( click to enlarge )
Ooops ,
In this demo shot I tripped over the camera tripod in the dark and ended up with a double image above .
Nevertheless , it does demonstrate the several rotations of green at the base .
In the actual shot , the TC is turned off while I ( Santa ) pulled on the line to raise the rotating rod and rotating the green filter to red .
Note the star is lit brightly as all current is now passing through it .
It overexposes but time was too short to fix that and it just makes it appear brighter .
( click to enlarge )
Then all that remains ( above ) is to continue to raise the rod while changing to yellow and then green filters in turn .
Then the exposure is stopped using a radio remote to avoid jitter .
Total exposure 2 minutes , f/7.1 , ISO 500 on 12 MPx Nikon D300 Needless to say there is a lot happening in 120 seconds .
It needs reasonable timing in near complete darkness .
So quite a lot of trial runs and stuff ups .
This photo in the media 2009
This made it to one local newspaper and one TV shoot .
That is a bit disappointing really as I missed out on at least 3 TV shoots and 3 newspaper articles just in Australia due to the cost of having to pay for it now that I have an agent .
Giving it out for free seems to be the way to go for best coverage .
It made it to some online newspaper sites however and about 110 websites including :
WAtoday Western Australia
Telegraph " Perhaps the most impressive tree we 've seen this year ... "
TheSun UK
http://digg.com/odd_stuff/Those_aren_t_Xmas_lights_THESE_are_Xmas_lights
Microsiervos
The links to the other 100 or so websites are here - search for " Xmas 09 " .
Google search for " Xmas " keyword was 21 of 24,000,000 hits in Aug 2010
Google search for " Xmas " images was 313 out of 30,000,000 Jul 2010 .
Shown as a Win / Channel 9 TV news item in Western Australia on 21/12/09 .
Reported by Tiffany Wertheimer .
Filmed by Dean Lomax with video effects by Jordan .
Video runs 1:18 mins . .
Using brain dumps , you will pass 350-001 as well as SY0 - 201 exam on first try guaranteed .
The Atlas Economic Research Foundation asked a handful of libertarian thinkers and activists to pick the top ten pro-liberty books of the decade .
The results are in and it 's definitely a strong list .
In addition to a well - deserved second place for Brian Doherty 's indispensable history of libertarianism , Radicals for Capitalism , it 's great to see historian David Beito 's superb From Mutual Aid to the Welfare State , which chronicles the vast network of fraternal societies and voluntary associations that provided health and life insurance , hospitals , and much more to numerous Americans in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Obviously any such list will have its omissions , but I 'd like to nominate one additional book that deserves real attention : legal historian David Bernstein 's excellent Only One Place of Redress : African Americans , Labor Regulations , & the Courts from Reconstruction to the New Deal .
Bernstein meticulously documents the ways that Progressive and New Deal economic regulations , including labor laws , occupational licensing laws , and prevailing wage laws , directly harmed African Americans .
In contrast , on those occasions when state and federal courts actively protected economic liberty against this state abuse , blacks were among the prime beneficiaries , a process that the New Deal takeover of the Supreme Court brought to a disastrous end .
So that 's my vote for a book that should have made the cut .
Please feel free to suggest your own in the comments .
And keep an eye peeled later this week for Reason 's best books of 2009 .
The Amazon 's " flying rivers " — humid air currents that deliver water to the vast rain forest — may be ebbing , which could have dire consequences for the region 's ability to help curb global warming , an expert said this week at the Copenhagen climate conference .
Rising temperatures in the Amazon region , in large part due to climate change , are creating more arid savannas , which disrupt the water cycle vital to Brazil 's farming and energy industries .
Deforestation also plays a role .
As more of Brazil 's rain forests fall to logging and agriculture , there are fewer trees to release the water vapor that creates these flying rivers .
Until recently , Amazon forest loss has been primarily linked to the trees ' role in trapping greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) , which are a root cause of global warming .
" Most people look at the Amazon as the lungs of the world , or as a solution to capture CO2 , " said Gérard Moss , an engineer and founder of the Flying Rivers Project , an ongoing effort to document the humid air currents and their effects .
" But I 'd like people to realize that the Amazon Basin is a huge water pump — rain is [ our ] most valuable asset , " he said by phone Wednesday in Copenhagen , where he gave a press briefing on the project earlier this week .
Flying rivers may transport as much water as the Amazon River itself , he added .
" This huge rain machine needs to be preserved . "
Watery World
The Amazon region is awash with fresh water : 3,700 cubic miles ( 15,400 cubic kilometers ) falls from the sky each year , the highest rate of rainfall in the world .
The runner - up is Russia , with a yearly rate of 1,900 cubic miles ( 7,800 cubic kilometers ) .
Flying Rivers Project scientists —led by agronomist and Amazon - rainfall expert Enéas Salati — have determined that a single large tree in the center of the Amazon forest can give off up to 317 quarts ( 300 liters ) of water in a day .
In a process called evapotranspiration , trees draw water from their roots and then " transpire " some of that water back into the air .
Since 2003 , Moss has flown through Brazil 's airborne rivers in a single - engine plane to collect water vapor samples .
The vapor 's chemical " footprints " are then analyzed at the Center for Nuclear Energy in Agriculture ( CENA ) in Piracicaba , in the state of Sao Paulo .
The project 's goal has been to figure out where the water comes from and then map how wind currents carry water across the vast Amazon Basin .
For instance , Salati 's research in the 1980s showed that more than half of the Amazon 's rainfall emanates from trees , with the rest coming from vapor from surface water bodies .
Moss recently completed a seven - day research trip along the trajectory of one flying river that ends in the city of Sao Paulo .
Those results showed that the wet air current flowed at 1,990 miles ( 3,200 kilometers ) a second — about as fast as a major river .
The Brazilian rain forest 's moisture is important for sustaining South American rainfall , especially the winter monsoons , noted Helene Muri , of the Institute of Astronomy and Geophysics at the Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium .
" So if the trees are chopped down , the rainfall rates could be reduced through this mechanism , " Muri said by email .
Any changes in vegetation can impact the local " water budget " and create drought conditions that impact agriculture and industry , she added .
Withering Economy
Brazil 's economy may wither if the flying rivers dry out , project founder Moss said .
Farmers in the Amazon 's fertile Matto Grosso state are highly dependent on Amazon rain to grow their crops , for example .
The agriculture industry in the region is extremely profitable because so little irrigation is needed .
" Rainwater has been taken for granted ... , " Moss said .
" In addition , 80 percent of Brazil 's energy is related to hydroelectric power , so every single drop of rain counts , " Moss said .
" If we start losing rain , it will have a huge impact [ on our energy ] . "
But Moss added that the need to preserve rain forests has percolated into the public consciousness in Brazil .
" More people are realizing , " he said , " that the well - being of many people in the southern parts [ of Brazil ] is related to every tree in the Amazon . "
Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden claimed responsibility for the Christmas Day attempt to blow up an American commercial jet in an audiotape broadcast Sunday on Arab television .
U.S. intelligence officials quickly raised doubts about Bin Laden ’s role and suggested the statement was an attempt to score propaganda points for a plot already claimed by an increasingly independent faction of his movement in Yemen .
In the clip , Bin Laden said his group was behind the failed attempt allegedly carried out by Nigerian national Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to blow up a Detroit - bound Northwest Airlines flight .
Addressing President Obama , the Al Qaeda leader vowed to continue launching terrorist attacks against the United States as long as Washington supported what he described as Israel ’s unjust treatment of Palestinians .
“ From Osama to Obama : Peace upon the one who follows guidance , ” he said on the tape , broadcast on the pan-Arab Al Jazeera satellite news channel , his image appearing on the screen as he spoke .
“ America will not dream of security until we experience it as a reality in Palestine . ”
U.S. intelligence officials on Sunday did not cast doubt on the authenticity of the tape .
But they expressed skepticism that Bin Laden or his lieutenants , believed to be based in Pakistan , played a meaningful role in conceiving or executing the Christmas Day plot .
“ Al Qaeda in Yemen takes strategic guidance from Al Qaeda ’s leadership in the tribal areas in Pakistan , ” a U.S. intelligence official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ But we ’ve never seen indications that the senior Al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan have directed tactical , day - to - day operational planning for them in Yemen .
Their relationship has n’t really functioned that way . ”
No evidence has surfaced to indicate that Abdulmutallab traveled to Pakistan in preparation for the plot .
U.S. spy agencies have had to acknowledge their failure to recognize significant clues that began to surface last year indicating that a terrorist plot was taking shape in Yemen , and that the Nigerian allegedly was being groomed by Al Qaeda operatives there for an attack .
U.S. officials described the message from Bin Laden as an attempt to take advantage of a plot hatched by Al Qaeda ’s offshoot in Yemen to shore up his own reputation .
“ Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the failed attack on Christmas Day .
That ’s clear , ” the U.S. intelligence official said .
“ So a message like this -- no matter whose voice it may be -- should come as no surprise . ”
In his message , Bin Laden likened Abdulmutallab to the militants behind the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in the United States .
“ If our messages to you could be carried by words , we would not have delivered them by planes , ” Bin Laden said on the tape , which could not be immediately verified independently .
“ The message we want to communicate to you through the plane of the hero , the holy warrior Umar Farouk , . . . is a confirmation of a previous message , which was delivered to you by the heroes of [ Sept. 11 ] and which was repeated previously and afterward . ”
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , an apparent offshoot of Bin Laden ’s loosely defined organization , had claimed responsibility for the attempted attack , in which the 23 - year - old Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear .
Many analysts have suggested that the Christmas Day attack was carried out without Bin Laden ’s input , in a sign of Al Qaeda ’s continued splintering .
The Yemen branch has strengthened its leadership and has a more focused ideology and strategy than years ago when militants in the country frequently looked to militant leaders in Pakistan or Afghanistan for guidance .
The nature of the plot and the device employed were similar to a suicide bombing Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula carried out last year against the head of Saudi Arabia ’s anti-terrorism program .
Prince Muhammad bin Nayef survived that strike , in part because he may have been shielded from the force of the blast .
The attempt on Muhammad appeared to be a precursor to the botched Christmas Day attack .
In both instances , the explosive PETN was used .
Both devices went undetected by airport security .
The bomber targeting Muhammad had the explosive in his rectum ; it was triggered by a telephone call .
The bomber died and Muhammad was lightly wounded .
But the Yemen group also has ties to Bin Laden .
The alleged leader of the Yemen branch , Naser Abdel - Karim Wahishi , trained in Afghanistan and once acted as a secretary to the Al Qaeda leader , whose ancestral home is Yemen .
Wahishi ’s second in command , Saeed Ali Shehri , a Saudi who spent years in U.S. detention at the Guantanamo Bay prison , was captured in 2001 in the lawless tribal areas along the Pakistani - Afghan border , where Bin Laden is believed to be holed up .
Shehri was released from Guantanamo in 2007 and underwent a Saudi rehabilitation program before moving to Yemen .
Wahishi and Shehri drew together a scattering of militants arriving in Yemen from wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , along with more than 20 extremists who escaped from a Yemeni prison in 2006 .
Shehri is believed to be behind a 2008 assault on the U.S. Embassy in Yemen that killed 19 , including an American citizen .
daragahi@latimes.com
greg.miller@latimes.com
Times staff writer Jeffrey Fleishman in Cairo contributed to this report .
Hello , I 'm new to mushroom cultivation and I need what 's happening to my mycelium .
In the attached images I circled the problematic zones .
In blue there is a zone where the cake is not touching the glass , as a contrast I circled a zone in red where it is .
The part circled in blue has brown spots .
In the image they look darker than they really are .
I do n't know if it 's contamination or its just drying up and dying .
What is it ?
do I need to hydrate it ?
the green circle contains green spots .
They look darker than they really are .
is that contamination
finally the pink circle is a shadow from the glass .
any advice ?
here are some extra images .
sorry for the quality .
Post Extras :
Blue circle looks like verm pushed against the glass , normal .
Some of those other spots look iffy .
May be metabolites but may be bacterial contam .
You will hopefully know when you birth it by the smell .
Post Extras :
It might be just verm , but it 's not pressed against the glass , it 's separated from it .
I do n't know why it separated .
Post Extras :
It 's no secret that plenty of companies are hoping that 2010 will be the year of 3D , and it looks like Sony has now gotten a big boost by lining up a partnership with one of the biggest events of the year : the FIFA World Cup .
As the pair have announced today , the new arrangement will see at least 25 World Cup matches produced in 3D using Sony 's 3D cameras , which will be viewable through a variety of means .
That includes special public viewing events in seven cities around the world ( none in North America , unfortunately ) , an " Official 3D Film " that will be previewed at Sony Stores and other retail outlets and , last but not least , a Blu-ray of said film that will be made available at some point following the World Cup .
This wo n't be the first time a soccer match has been broadcast in 3D , however , and it looks like it wo n't be your only option for catching some games in 3D next year either .
[ Thanks , Matt ]
The complaint is made by a physician of the lower east side , through the medium of one of the standard weekly medical publictions , that the " lodge practice evil " is hampering medical progress and efficiency in that section of the city and depriving a large number of worthy and capable practitioners of the fruits of diligence and a protracted course of study which they feel they have a right to expect .
View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Avatar does n't have a bad story , but its unswerving direction does make it a predictable one .
Since the internet 's already hashed out the cultural angles of James Cameron 's splendid epic , let 's take a look at the storytelling mechanics -- something he approached with a caution only $ 400 M buys .
What risks could Cameron have taken to add some surprise , without spiking the straightforward narrative ?
1. Jake actually betrays the Na'vi
Our hero 's journey is smooth sailing :
Jake so badly needs his destination that there 's never much ambivalence about the journey .
This lack of internal conflict manifests when the Na'vi tribe rejects him : his only betrayal of them is the plain fact of his original mission , which he'd had abandoned in any case .
Was n't it obvious that he might be telling others what he 'd learned about the tribe ?
As the first " warrior " dreamwalker , no less .
If Jake instead pursued an explicit and timely opportunity to betray his new friends , his ' going native ' afterward would have been a powerful moral turning point rather than a faint point on a ' character arc . '
2 . Give his rival some balls
In Dune , off - worlder Paul Atreides is forced to kill to gain acceptance with the locals when his own kind finally forces him into the wilds .
In Avatar , however , Jake only has to show up on a fancy ride .
Instead of becoming a nonentity after their earlier aikido warmup , Na'vi chief - to - be Tsu - tey could have drawn a line in the moss : I represent the caution and tradition of my people , and you 'll have to beat me down to change and lead us .
If Jake has to defeat , even kill an ally who hates him , it tarnishes his character–but Pandora is red in tooth and claw , after all , and it is what he 's fighting for .
3 . The Na'vi show how smart they are
Jake masters the bow and horse .
Why not let one of the Na'vi surprise everyone by getting to grips with some of that weird sky - people tech ?
And perhaps even do a little betrayal of his or her own .
4 . Show the colonel 's hidden depths
You can't just let Steven Lang take a role like that and then bury him in cartoon villainy .
Colonel Quaritch is evidently a spiritually blasted former soldier who went private - sector after tiring of fighting dirty wars .
As Lang says in an interview , " I did n't play a villain ; I played a man who is doing his job the best way that he can . "
But he is n't given much space for that nuance by the script .
For example , he knows that his brief is to protect a blood diamond operation , not patriotic duty , and yet in his climactic battle with Jake , he asks him how he could betray his people .
What he really means is , " How could you not be a soldier , son ? "
In the movie , Jake simply snarls .
A retort would be sweeter .
" Is that what they told you when you quit Venezuela ? " does the the trick .
The Colonel knows he 's lost , after all , and getting irony thrown in his face offers him a chance to choose his own doom –without any need for the leaden pathos that often comes with such turnarounds .
Consider the many suggestions that Quaritch is the only human on Pandora to feel at home there in his own body–he is much more like the Na'vi than he'd like to admit .
5. Kill Carter Burke
That brings us to the disinterested corporate apparatchik in charge of the whole show .
He 's the real villain of the piece , who gives the natives none of the respect offered them by his soldiers and scientists , at least until his decisions ' moral consequences are thrown in his face by Ripley .
Wait … wrong movie .
In any case , Mr. Cameron had the right idea the first time around .
Kill the slimeball–or better yet , let an alien do it .
Reddit user elmstreeter asked the reddit community for help Photoshopping out the oxygen cannula ( the tube that delivers oxygen from the tank ) from the last photo he had with his mother who just died of cancer .
Reddit users quickly jumped in , each improving upon the previous person ’s modifications .
Original Photo
Photo Cleaned Up by Reddit Users
If you are trying to get an easel stand Singapore and start looking up for it , you might …
Leaked e-mails allegedly undermining climate change science should be treated as a criminal matter , Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif . ) said Wednesday afternoon .
Boxer , the top Democrat on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , said that the recently released e-mails , showing scientists allegedly overstating the case for climate change , should be treated as a crime .
ADVERTISEMENT
" You call it ' Climategate ' ; I call it ' E - mail - theft - gate , ' " she said during a committee meeting .
" Whatever it is , the main issue is , Are we facing global warming or are we not ?
I 'm looking at these e-mails , that , even though they were stolen , are now out in the public .
"
The e-mails , from scientists at the University of East Anglia , were obtained through hacking .
The messages showed the director of the university 's Climate Research Unit discussing ways to strengthen the unit 's case for global warming .
Climate change skeptics have seized on the e-mails , arguing that they demonstrate manipulation in environmental science .
Boxer said her committee may hold hearings into the matter as its top Republican , Sen. James Inhofe ( Okla . ) , has asked for , but that a criminal probe would be part of any such hearings .
" We may well have a hearing on this , we may not .
We may have a briefing for senators , we may not , " Boxer said .
" Part of our looking at this will be looking at a criminal activity which could have well been coordinated .
" This is a crime , " Boxer said .
I listened to one call from a woman who sounded as if her world were collapsing .
She and her husband operated a business , which seemed to be teetering near collapse , and its finances were intertwined with theirs .
They were behind in payments on their mortgage .
Under the administration ’s mortgage modification program , the new payment , including escrow payments for taxes and insurance , is to be 31 percent of the borrower ’s gross monthly income .
The woman first said their income was $ 6,000 a month , the amount they had taken out of the business when times were good .
That number , it turned out , was too high to qualify for a modification .
When told that , the woman said she thought that for at least the next couple of months , they might be able to take only $ 2,000 .
That number was too low .
She got no modification that day .
Had she come up with a number somewhere in between , she might have qualified .
The arithmetic of “ Obama mods , ” as some call them , is laid out by the government .
The 31 percent number is fixed in stone , which provides some simplicity but also can be arbitrary .
A family with a lot of other obligations might not be able to afford 31 percent , while one with few other debts could afford much more .
To get the payment down to the 31 percent figure , the bank first cuts the interest rate , to as low as 2 percent , while leaving the other terms of the mortgage unchanged .
For the vast majority of mortgages being modified , that is enough .
If not , the term of the mortgage is stretched out to as long as 40 years .
Finally , if that is not enough , part of the principal can be deferred .
That deferred amount is still owed , but no interest accrues and the lump sum is due at the end of the 40 years , or when the house is sold .
Calculating those numbers is only the first step .
After determining the present value of that projected series of payments , the bank then compares it with what it could get by foreclosing .
If the bank would be better off by foreclosing , then there is no modification .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran on Saturday banned foreign media from reporting on a student rally next week that authorities fear could turn into a new round of protests against June ’s disputed presidential election .
Iranian schoolgirls chat online at an internet cafe which is exclusively for females , near the city of Karaj , 60 km ( 38 miles ) west of Tehran , May 24 , 2007 .
Iran on Saturday banned foreign media from reporting on a student rally next week that authorities fear could turn into a new round of protests against June 's disputed presidential election .
In the past few days , Internet connections in Tehran have been either very slow or completely down .
An official at Iran 's telecommunications ministry told Reuters that Internet access and cellphone lines would be disabled on Monday .
REUTERS / Stringer
Police and elite Revolutionary Guards have warned that any “ illegal ” rally will be fiercely confronted on Monday when the country marks Student Day , commemorating the killing of three students in 1953 under the former Shah .
“ All permits issued for foreign media to cover news in Tehran have been revoked from December 7 to December 9 , ” the Culture Ministry ’s foreign press department said on Saturday in an SMS text message sent to journalists , photographers and cameramen working for foreign media in Iran .
In the past few days , Internet connections in Tehran have been either very slow or completely down .
An official at Iran ’s telecommunications ministry told Reuters that Internet access and cellphone lines would be disabled on Monday .
When the June 12 presidential election returned hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power by a wide margin , his reformist opponents cried foul and thousands of Iranians took to the streets in the biggest anti-government demonstrations in the 30 - year history of the Islamic Republic .
Authorities deny vote - rigging and portrayed the unrest as a foreign - backed bid to undermine the state .
“ Any illegal gathering outside universities will be strongly confronted , ” said police chief Esmail Ahmadi-Moqaddam , quoted in the Etemad newspaper .
The Paris - based press freedom watchdog Reporters Without Borders said in a statement on Saturday that journalists were facing increasing difficulties in Iran .
“ The press freedom situation is getting worse by the day in Iran , ” it said .
“ Journalists who have chosen not to leave the country are being constantly threatened or summoned by the intelligence services , including the intelligence service of the Revolutionary Guards .
Some have been given long prison sentences at the end of completely illegal judicial proceedings . ”
The watchdog said 28 journalists and bloggers were currently detained and urged the authorities to release them .
Several moderate websites have called on people to gather on Student Day near Tehran University campus , where the main state - rally will be held .
So far , defeated candidates Mirhossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi have not announced whether they will join the anti- government protests as they have done in the past .
Reformist website Mowjcamp has warned of the possibility of clashes between security forces and demonstrators .
“ Street protests on Monday lack the safety demonstrators enjoy in a state rally ... a violent crackdown is expected on that day , ” said the website .
In September , opposition demonstrators clashed with government backers and police at annual pro-Palestinian rallies .
Security forces also clashed with supporters of Mousavi in Tehran on November 4 during an anti-U.S. rally , used by the opposition to protest against the clerical establishment .
Thousands of reformists , including former senior officials , students , lawyers and activists were arrested after the June vote .
Most of have since been freed , but more than 80 people have so far been sentenced to jail terms of up to 15 years and five people have been sentenced to death .
The reformist opposition says more than 70 people were killed in post-election violence .
Officials say the death toll was half that and included Basij militiamen .
New Moon type Book
A young woman in Chicago is facing up to three years in prison after a movie theater worker spied her filming on her digital camera during a screening of The Twilight Saga : New Moon last Saturday .
According to the Chicago Sun-Times account , the theater ’s managers pressed charges against 22 - year - old Samantha Tumpach , who claims she shot only roughly three minutes of footage , not all of which was of the film and none of which she intended to pirate .
She says she was actually documenting her sister ’s surprise 29th birthday party , so while there are short bits of the film on her camera , there ’s also her and her relatives singing “ Happy Birthday ” in the theater .
The camera is relatively new , she added , so she was playing around with it during the pre-film commercials and previews as well .
Her defense against the charges — one felony count of criminal use of a motion picture exhibition — is that she never meant to record the movie :
Watch her footage , and “ You can hear me talking the whole time . ”
[ Insert record scratch . ]
Though piracy is a serious issue , I do n’t believe this woman deserves jail time ( she already spent two nights in a cell before being released on a cashless personal recognizance bond on Monday , the Sun- Times reports ) — but now that I know that she was not only distracting fellow moviegoers with the light of her camera but also by talking , I think she should be banned from that theater for a month .
I realize this would be hard to enforce , but we need to do something to stop people from ruining movies by talking or texting ( yes , the light on your phone really is that annoying and no , nothing is that important unless your wife ’s water just broke or someone just died ) .
Seriously , what can we do ?
Those pre-film reminders , while nice , just are n’t cutting it .
If we ca n’t ban people from a theater , can we at least take their pictures and put them on a Wall of Shame in the lobby ?
OR , if a multiplex is showing a movie on multiple screens , maybe it borrows Amtrak ’s Quiet Car idea and has a Quiet Theater ?
If a movie is playing on only one screen , maybe the theater has one daily Quiet Show ?
In an ideal world , it ’d be the same experience you ’d have at any time , but in reality , you ’d be with an audience that abhors distractions as much as you do .
Thoughts ?
Photo credit : New Moon : Kimberley French
Glycemic Index - preventing obesity , diabetes and heart disease .
The glycemic index ( GI ) of carbohydrates compares their ability to release glucose into the blood ( and therefore stimulate insulin secretion ) with that of an equivalent weight of pure glucose ( glycemic index 100 ) .
All carbohydrates increase blood sugar levels ( and so have a glycemic index ) and therefore cause insulin to be released from the pancreas in order to control the amount of glucose in the blood .
The more glucose that has been made available in the blood , the more insulin is released to control it .
The relative effciency with which carbohydrates do this is known as the glycemic index .
The importance of the glycemic index is that it predicts how much insulin will be released and therefore , how the body will respond .
For example metabolise fat ( use it for fuel - low glycemic index ) or store excess energy as fat ( high glycemic index ) .
This happens in two ways .
Firstly , the presence of insulin ( high glycemic index ) instructs the liver that energy requirements are more than being met by current food intake , so the breakdown of fat to provide energy from body stores is unnecessary .
Therefore , insulin ( and so high glycemic index ) stops the body from burning fat for energy .
Secondly , and at the same time , excess sugar in the blood is quickly targeted to be stored for later energy requirements and is converted to fat .
So , insulin ( and high glycemic index ) also causes the body to store more fat .
If the blood sugar level remains high , i.e. with really high glycemic index foods , more insulin is released in an effort to reduce it .
From these two very simple rules , it should be easy to see that any high glycemic index food that causes sudden increases in blood sugar and therefore massive release of insulin is likely to lead to increased fat production and storage .
Not surprisingly , therefore , people who eat a lot of sugary foods and other foods with a high glycemic index , such as refined flour , potatoes , white rice and cereal - based foods are more likely to retain fat than those that do n't .
Unfortunately , this is exactly what we are told to do by modern medicine and Government , who clearly have no idea about weight control .
For more information on how this affects those who are overweight and how to safely lose weight , click here .
The following table gives an indication of the relative glycemic index of various foods .
Glycemic index of popular foods
High
glycemic index Medium
glycemic index Low
glycemic index Maltose ( beer ) * Rye bread ( crispbread ) Oatmeal porridge Cooked parsnips Muesli ( no sugar ) Wholewheat pasta Cooked carrots Brown rice Sweet potato White Rice Cooked beets Dried Peas Biscuits / cookies Garden peas Apples Baked potato Boiled potato Pears Cornflakes / cereal Wholewheat bread Whole milk Bagels Corn , polenta Kidney beans White Bread Sultanas / raisins Lentils Corn chips Orange juice Soybeans Mangoes Oatmeal biscuits / cookies High water content fruits ( melon etc ) Ripe bananas
White pasta Apple juice Papaya Buckwheat black - eye peas Rice cakes Pinto beans Green vegetables * the Glycemic index of Maltose is actually higher than that of glucose .
i.e. malt and it's products ( like beer ) actually stimulate more insulin release than pure sugar !
What is clear from this table is that different varieties of similar foods have different effects .
For example , boiled potatoes have a lower Glycemic index than baked potatoes and wholewheat varieties of bread and pasta are much better than their white counterparts .
This effect on glycemic index is explained below .
The effect of eating high glycemic index foods consistently is to lead to constantly high insulin levels .
In this situation , the body becomes accustomed to these high insulin levels and starts to respond to them less effectively over time .
As high glycemic index foods are eaten further , this progresses , more and more insulin is required to have the same effect on the tissues .
This phenomenon is known as insulin resistance , and is the first step towards diabetes .
The glycemic index situation is made worse if the body has insufficient chromium .
Chromium helps insulin to exert its effect on the tissues , encouraging sugar uptake and thereby reducing blood sugar .
In the absence of chromium , insulin is much less effective , sugar levels stay high and MORE insulin is secreted in an effort to control them The Good News Thankfully , it is not all bad news .
Whilst
It is best to avoid foods with a high glycemic index , they often have direct alternatives with a moderate or even low glycemic index .
This is because the insulin - stimulating effect of carbohydrates is greatly reduced in the presence of fibre , as found in some fruits and the wheatgerm present in whole wheat .
This moderates the insulin response , spreading out the absorption of carbohydrate over a prolonged timespan and so reduces the amount of insulin released ( lower glycemic index .
In addition , the use of chromium supplements makes insulin's job easier , helping reduce blood glucose ( and therefore insulin ) to normal levels .
In this way , the effect of brown rice and wholewheat alternatives to white flour products is much lower , and therefore much less detrimental to health .
This is why it is best to ALWAYS use wholewheat / wholegrain versions of these foods , with a lower glycemic index .
Glycemic Index , Insulin resistance and diabetes .
Whilst diabetes is discussed elsewhere on this site , it is worth touching here on the role of insulin resistance in the development of the disease .
Diabetes is the inability of the body to produce enough insulin to control blood sugar .
As a consequence , those who suffer from diabetes suffer from a number of problems related to the massive spikes of sugar immediately following a meal and subsequent troughs in between meals , which , if unchecked can lead very quickly to coma and death .
It has long been known that frank diabetes is often , indeed usually preceded by a period of insulin resistance , in which , as described above , more and more insulin is released with each subsequent dose of high glycemic index carbohydrate in order to overcome the increasing insensitivity of the tissues to insulin's " demands " .
Eventually , the body reaches a stage where , no matter how much insulin is produced , the tissues no longer respond and blood sugar remains unchecked .
In such a situation , the pancreas can " give up " completely , and all insulin secretion may stop .
Whether this happens or not , diabetes is the result , and huge doses of insulin are required to be injected to overcome the problem , regardless of glycemic index .
Needless to say , the high insulin levels mean that many diabetics are overweight .
This adds further stress to the system .
Prior to this " end stage " diabetes , there is much to be gained from limiting the intake of high ( and even medium ) Glycemic index foods ( not just sugar , as advised by medicine ) and taking an appropriate dose of chromium supplements to make the existing insulin more effective .
Clich here for more information on diabetes .
Further reading Conquering diabetes using natural methods Conquering weight loss using natural methods Conquering heart disease using natural methods
Web www.totally-natural.com www.natural-health-information-centre.com www.mercola.com
Back from glycemic index to carbohydrates
President Obama on Thursday awarded $ 8 billion in federal grants to start a nationwide high - speed rail system he hopes will create jobs and speed up U.S. travel .
“ There ’s no reason Europe or China should have the fastest trains when we can build them right here in America , ” the president said at a town - hall meeting at the University of Tampa ’s Bob Martinez Sports Center in Florida , one 31 states that will receive grant money .
The money is part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act and is the largest investment in U.S. infrastructure since the Interstate Highway System was begun in the 1950s .
The jobs initiative is one of several the president will announce in the coming weeks , following his commitment during his State of the Union address on Wednesday night that creating jobs is his top priority .
The president also used the event — which included a question - and - answer session and was broadcast for roughly 90 minutes on CNN — as an opportunity to reinforce key points from his roughly 70 - minute address .
Among the issues he revisited , including several he repeated verbatim , were eliminating capital - gains taxes on small - business investments , ending tax breaks to companies that export jobs , and financial help for college students .
“ Nobody should go broke because they chose to go to college , ” said the president , as he did about 10 hours earlier .
Mr. Obama said the money awarded Thursday will be a “ down payment ” on laying the groundwork for 13 major high - speed rail corridors across the country .
As part of the program , 31 states will receive money , which also will go toward smaller projects and planning work .
Florida will receive roughly $ 1.25 billion to develop a high - speed rail corridor between Tampa and Orlando , with trains running up to 168 mph .
Construction work is not expected to begin until roughly 2013 .
The other major projects are California , Ohio , Northeast , Detroit - Chicago , Charlotte - Raleigh - Richmond - Washington , Chicago - St. Louis - Kansas City , Eugene - Portland - Seattle and Madison - Milwaukee - Chicago .
California will receive $ 2.25 billion for a rail line from Los Angeles to San Francisco and points in between , with trains running as fast as 220 mph .
The administration first announced the plan in April .
In addition to the $ 8 billion awarded Thursday , the plan also includes $ 1 billion a year for five years in the federal budget .
Administration officials said they reviewed grant applications worth more than $ 55 million for the initial $ 8 billion .
“ Its not only going to create good jobs and reinvigorate our manufacturing base , it ’s also going to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels and help create livable communities , ” said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood .
“ I have no doubt that building the next generation of rail service in this country will help change our society for the better . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
AT high schools and colleges across the country , students are hard at work , tilling their land and harvesting their vegetables .
“ It is clear this obsession with FarmVille is an issue , especially since it is taking away time from studying and schoolwork , ” Danielle Susi wrote this month in The Quad News , a student newspaper at Quinnipiac University in Hamden , Conn .
Adults , too , are blaming their problems on FarmVille , an online game in which people must tend their virtual farms carefully .
On blogs like FarmVille Freak ( slogan : “ I ca n’t stop watching my crops ! ” ) and others , people share tips on fertilizer and complain about , for example , a spouse ’s addiction .
An anonymous blogger who said she was pregnant wrote : “ I was starving ... and he told me I ’d have to wait a few more minutes so he could HARVEST HIS RASPBERRIES !
I waited ... in the car and waited for his stupid raspberries to be harvested . ”
That there are actual farmers who spend less time on their crops is beside the point .
FarmVille has quickly become the most popular application in the history of Facebook .
More than 62 million people have signed up to play the game since it made its debut in June , with 22 million logging on at least once a day , according to Zynga , the company that brought FarmVille into the world .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Spirit was given a primary mission on the Red Planet of three months
The US space agency ( Nasa ) has admitted defeat in its battle to free the Spirit rover from its Martian sand trap .
The vehicle became stuck in soft soil back in May last year and all the efforts to extricate it have failed .
Nasa says Spirit , which landed on the Red Planet just over six years ago , will now live out its remaining days as a static science station .
The robot geologist has taken thousands of images and found evidence in Mars ' rocks of a wetter , warmer past .
" Spirit has encountered a golfer 's worst nightmare - the sand trap that no matter how many strokes you take , you can't get out of it , " said Doug McCuistion , director of the Mars exploration programme at Nasa headquarters in Washington DC .
" But this is not a day to mourn Spirit ; this is not a day of loss at this point .
Spirit will continue to make contributions to science . "
Like a ' polar bear '
The robot 's predicament has been exacerbated by the failure of two of its six wheels .
Without the additional traction , the agency now accepts that further efforts to try to escape the soft soil will be fruitless .
Instead , the mission team is concentrating on trying to get the rover tilted in a manner that will maximise the amount of sunlight falling on its solar panels during the approaching winter months .
Engineers have a plan to rock the vehicle back and forth to acquire a more favourable posture .
Even so , it is likely Spirit will maintain so little energy in its batteries that it will go into hibernation , perhaps as soon as April .
It will not emerge from that state until August or September , when the Sun gets high enough in the Martian sky to power up the rover 's systems .
" The rover will be like a polar bear , hibernating ; and it could be for many months - of the order of six months , " explained John Callas , Spirit 's project manager at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
" We have to be prepared to go through a period where we are not hearing from the rover for an extended length of time . "
Far from being downbeat , Professor Steve Squyres , the rover 's principal investigator , expressed some excitement at the scientific possibilities of a static vehicle .
He said the signal from a stationary Spirit could be tracked very accurately , to measure how much Mars wobbles on its axis .
This could establish definitively whether the planet had a solid or a liquid core - information that scientists could use to better understand the planet 's magnetic history .
This was , he said , " totally new science , never been done before - really fundamental stuff " .
" This is something that I did n't really think very much about when we put a rover on the surface of Mars because we were thinking about the geology on the surface .
But when you delve deeply into what this vehicle is capable of , you find new tricks ; and it 's something we 're really excited about . "
Watery past Spirit was one of two rovers that Nasa landed on the planet in the January of 2004 .
The second vehicle , Opportunity , continues to roll freely on the surface .
Spirit was targeted at the 170 km - wide Gusev Crater , a near - equatorial location in the southern hemisphere that orbital images had suggested might once have held a giant lake .
The investigation of this watery history got off to a slow start .
Spirit initially found rocks that had undergone very limited alteration by exposure to moisture .
It was only after a 2.5 km drive to nearby hills that the instrumented robot discovered rocks and soils that had experienced extensive exposure to water .
Nasa has spent more than $ 900 m ( £ 560 m ) on its Mars Exploration Rover programme , from design through to current operations .
At the moment , the agency is spending about $ 20 m a year .
The data acquired by the vehicles has generated about 100 scholarly papers , including special editions of the leading international journals Science and Nature .
Spirit became embedded in the area the mission team calls " Troy "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Democratic - led U.S. Senate , having smashed through a Republican wall of opposition , confirmed on Thursday U.S. President Barack Obama ’s first and longest - stalled judicial nominee .
On a vote of 59 - 39 , the Senate approved Obama ’s bid to elevate U.S. District Judge David Hamilton of Indiana to the Chicago - based 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
Senator Richard Lugar of Indiana was the only Republican to vote for the judge ’s confirmation .
Lugar called him “ superbly qualified . ”
The action came two days after the Senate , which is controlled by Democrats , lifted a Republican procedural roadblock against Hamilton , who became Obama ’s first judicial nominee in March 2009 .
Federal judges serve for life and have enormous power , ruling on a broad array of issues that range from personal liberties to business rights .
Federal appeals courts establish binding precedent with their decisions but only within their jurisdiction .
Democrats were becoming frustrated with the delayed confirmation of Hamilton .
It had been stuck on the Senate calendar since June .
During the administration of Obama ’s predecessor , President George W. Bush , Republicans denounced Democratic procedural hurdles known as filibusters that were launched against Bush ’s judicial nominees .
Republicans have made it clear that they will try to block some of the Democratic president ’s selections .
Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy ripped into and ridiculed Republicans for opposing Hamilton .
He invoked a line of attack reminiscent of those used by Republicans against Democrats who blocked Bush ’s picks .
Leahy pointedly noted that Obama won last year ’s presidential election and reminded colleagues that “ the president gets to nominate judges . ”
Critics said Hamilton should be stopped , charging he was a liberal “ activist judge ” who puts personal beliefs above the law , while backers insisted he was moderate and noted Hamilton received the American Bar Association ’s top rating .
Hamilton became the seventh of Obama ’s 27 district and federal appeals court nominees to be confirmed since the president took office in January .
Bush , a Republican , had 28 judicial district and federal appeals court nominees confirmed in his first year , while Democratic President Bill Clinton had 27 such confirmations .
While blaming Republican stalling tactics , some critics also say Obama has been relatively slow in sending judicial nominations to the Senate .
Leahy , chairman of the Senate judiciary committee , recently urged Obama to quicken the pace and has long encouraged fellow lawmakers to offer recommendations to the White House .
Liberals and political moderates are urging Obama to make judicial appointments that reverse what they see as the conservative drift that occurred under Bush .
JIYUAN COUNTY , CHINA ( Reuters ) - China plans to move 15,000 residents in its biggest lead smelting area away from the plants in order to allow them to keep operating , after tests showed over 1,000 children had excessive lead in their blood .
Some smelters and lead production lines in Jiyuan , Henan province , had shut for nearly two months after the lead tests , which came amid a spate of cases of high lead in children leaving and going to school in the shadow of smelters across China .
The mayor of Jiyuan , Zhao Suping , said 15,000 people in 10 villages around the plants would move at a total cost of about 1 billion yuan ( $ 150 million ) , allowing lead plants including China ’s largest , owned by Yuguang Gold and Lead , to keep operating , the China Daily reported over the weekend .
“ The local government has been trying to stop us getting blood tests and making it public .
They just want to protect the plant , which pays a great deal of tax every year , ” said Huang Zhengmin .
His 5 - year - old grandson ’s blood tests showed nearly 500 micrograms of lead per liter , about 50 times the acceptable level in the United States .
“ They do n’t care about the life and death of us ordinary people .
So the whole village has to be relocated to make way for the plant .
The pollution just carries on . ”
Lead smelters around the world have shut due to pollution fears , allowing the industry to blossom in China .
Lead prices spiked to their highest point this year in early September , when the Jiyuan plant closures were first announced .
After the people move , the smelters will rent their land and plant trees to serve as a barrier protecting nearby villages , the report said .
Some people would move to a site about 4 kilometers ( 2.5 miles ) away , it said .
“ The question is n’t whether or not you plant trees , it ’s whether there are people there or not , ” said Lin Jingxing , who studies cancer villages at the Chinese Academy of Geological Science .
A thorough investigation of soil , water and wind patterns is needed to show how far is far enough , he added .
“ Moving people is the simplest solution , especially if you can locate another place free of pollution .
The cost of mitigating pollution is very high . ”
He was n’t aware of any successful cases of moving people away , mostly because of the difficulty of finding new land for them to farm and meeting the cost of building new homes .
The Jiyuan cases came to light in the late summer , when parents of children with high lead and cadmium levels also protested at a smelter in Shaanxi province owned by the Dongling Group , China ’s fourth - largest zinc producer , and at a metals smelter in Hunan province .
A child exposed to heavy concentrations of lead can develop anemia , muscle weakness and brain damage .
“ We read on the Internet that the effects of lead poisoning are irreversible .
‘ Irreversible ’ is a medical term I do n’t quite understand , but I assume it means children affected by lead poisoning will never be as healthy as before , ” said Li Lei , father of a 15 - month - old boy who tested for high lead levels .
“ I am worried sick .
I am worried about the after - effects on my child .
He is the future of our family . ”
Adults , especially workers at lead plants , suffer severe fatigue , loss of appetite and pain .
Chinese authorities have not tested people over 14 living near the smelters .
The writer proposed instead that '' one corner might have been thrown up into a minaret , iron and glass in graceful combinations might have been substituted for the dead walls of yellow brick . ''
In 1905 The Times itself said that the stairs of the 72nd Street station '' are wholly inadequate and very badly designed . ''
The new subway line was a hit , and crowds were greater than expected ; soon the platforms were extended , adding to the pedestrian loads .
Three decades later , the marvel had worn off .
In 1938 , an article by Laurence Bell in The American Mercury magazine entitled '' The Most Awful Ride in the World ' ' deplored the ' ' murky depths ' ' with '' concrete even filthier than the stairs , a filth that is accentuated by the dim lights whose sole reflectors are the stained walls of once - white tile . ''
BY that time most of the vault lights had been removed .
'' Very early on there were complaints about the heat buildup and especially the smells , '' Mr. Stachelberg said , and he quoted a 1906 report listing the prevalent smells of the subway as '' fish oil in the brake lubricant , disinfectant , creosote and odors of human origin . ''
In many cases , the vault lights were replaced with the steel vents now visible near many stations .
But since the vents allowed rain into the stations , drainage pans were installed underneath them , blocking the light .
At 72nd and Broadway a project is now under way to alleviate station crowding that involves rehabilitating the old control house ( a designated landmark ) and building a second , similar structure on the north side of 72nd Street .
The new station house for the Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 lines promises to be an interesting work , designed by a joint venture of the architects Richard Dattner & Partners and Gruzen Samton .
Both the new and old buildings will incorporate glazed roofing elements to let sunlight fall into the turnstile area at street level .
But that 's where it will stop , even though vault lighting was used extensively in the 1904 control house , both inside and out .
Mr. Tarantino , New York City Transit 's chief architect , said that cost- cutting and continuing concerns over maintenance of vault lights had eliminated them from the 72nd Street project .
( Last month , three of the 144 glass panels for the control house 's roof were stolen from outside the new subway entrance , which was inspired by the Crystal Palace at the London Exhibition of 1851 . )
Cost - cutting and maintenance issues prevented the installation of vault lights in the Times Square subway station a few years ago .
In the passageway between the Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 and the A , C and E trains , there is a ceiling , perhaps 20 by 100 feet , of concrete matrix with round indentations .
But there are no vault lights ; the glass inserts were canceled after the concrete had been laid .
A Al Jalamid , les travaux vont bon train .
Situé dans le nord de l'Arabie saoudite , ce chantier doit permettre l'exploitation , à partir de 2011 , d'un immense gisement de phosphore , minerai de base des phosphates , qui sont eux -mêmes une composante centrale de la production d'engrais .
Le projet , qui comprend des usines de transformation , n'a rien de simple : dans cette région aride , il faut trouver des ressources en eau et développer les infrastructures électriques et ferroviaires .
Les investissements sur ce site s'appuient sur la certitude que les phosphates vont devenir une denrée de plus en plus recherchée .
La croissance démographique mondiale et la nécessité de tirer le meilleur parti des terres arables la rendent stratégique .
La question de l'assèchement des gisements mondiaux de phosphates , qui pourrait bousculer les équilibres alimentaires dans quelques décennies , faute d'engrais , fait débat parmi les experts , en l'absence de données vraiment fiables sur les réserves de ce minerai .
Mais , étant donné son caractère stratégique et les implications géopolitiques , tous reconnaissent l'urgence de mieux en maîtriser la gestion .
Les réserves mondiales de phosphates suffiront - elles à satisfaire les besoins d'une agriculture qui en consomme de plus en plus ?
Selon l'institut de géophysique américain ( USGS ) , dont les données sont le plus souvent utilisées , les réserves mondiales économiquement exploitables du minerai s'élèveraient à environ 15 milliards de tonnes .
Ce chiffre conduit certains observateurs à s'inquiéter d'une possible pénurie dans les décennies à venir , puisque , rapportées à la production annuelle mondiale ( près de 165 millions de tonnes en 2008 , selon l'USGS ) , les réserves pourraient satisfaire la demande pendant seulement environ quatre - vingt - dix ans .
De plus , la consommation mondiale devrait afficher une croissance de 2 % à 3 % dans les années à venir , selon les estimations de l'Association internationale de l'industrie des engrais ( IFA ) .
" Ces données , qui sont soumises volontairement par les pays et les industriels , n'ont pas été remises à jour récemment , et l'USGS sous - estime les réserves " , estime Michel Prud'homme , directeur à l'IFA , qui reconnaît cependant que " ces chiffres permettent de prendre conscience du problème posé par la gestion des ressources en phosphates " .
" Coopération mondiale "
Le marché manque de transparence , d'autant qu'il est tenu par quelques pays et un petit nombre d'industriels .
" Il faudrait mettre en place un mode de suivi des données du marché moins opaque et une coopération mondiale pour définir des stratégies qui prennent en compte les limites de la ressource et le fait que des pays pauvres n'auront pas les moyens de supporter un renchérissement du prix des engrais " , souligne Dana Cordell , de l'université technologique de Sydney .
L'augmentation du nombre de pays producteurs - une trentaine aujourd ' hui - n'empêche pas le Maroc , les Etats - Unis et la Chine de représenter aujourd ' hui , à eux trois , les deux tiers de la production mondiale , et une proportion similaire des réserves .
Outre l'Arabie saoudite , des pays tels que l'Algérie , l'Australie , le Pérou ou le Brésil cherchent à développer leur production pour profiter de la hausse de la consommation et des prix .
L'USGS estime que les réserves mondiales potentielles , plus ou moins commercialement exploitables , pourraient s'élever à 47 milliards de tonnes .
Certains de ces gisements seront plus coûteux à exploiter , " et leur teneur en phosphore sera parfois moindre que celle des grands gisements actuels " , note Dana Cordell .
Sans compter les produits collatéraux de l'extraction :
" L'un des problèmes récurrents de l'exploitation des phosphates est la présence dans les roches de métaux lourds ou de radioactivité " , pointe Christian Hocquard , économiste au Bureau de recherches géologiques et minières ( BRGM ) .
Pour assurer leur sécurité d'approvisionnement , certains pays et grands groupes industriels investissent dans les zones les plus riches en minerai , notamment le pourtour méditerranéen .
Les Etats - Unis ont ainsi passé avec le Maroc un accord commercial préférentiel , entré en vigueur en 2006 .
Le géant industriel brésilien Vale s'intéresse au phosphate tunisien .
De son côté , l'Union européenne a lancé , mi-2009 , une étude sur une utilisation " durable " des ressources en phosphates .
Cette chasse aux phosphates passe aussi par une amélioration des techniques d'extraction et de transport du minerai .
Sans compter la nécessaire adoption de pratiques agricoles plus " durables " dans l'utilisation d'engrais .
" Il faut arriver à une meilleure gestion de cette ressource " , note Samia Charadi , conseillère auprès du président de l'Office chérifien des phosphates ( OCP ) , premier producteur mondial .
Outre la recherche de nouveaux gisements , il semble nécessaire d'adopter une gestion raisonnée de la ressource , qui passe par le recyclage du phosphore consommé .
" C'est le grand défi des années à venir " , note Patrick Heffer , de l'IFA .
Des projets de récupération du phosphore dans le fumier animal , ou même dans les eaux usées ou les excréments humains , sont à l'étude , en Suède et en Allemagne notamment .
Mais ces recherches n'en sont qu'à leurs premiers pas .
Bertrand d'Armagnac
Enlarge By Julia Schmalz , USA TODAY and Lucas Jackson , Reuters A walk in Miami , left , in third happiest state Florida , vs. New York , ranked least happy by the CDC .
Researchers speculate sunshine hours are a factor in people 's satisfaction with life .
HAPPIEST RANKINGS HAPPIEST RANKINGS
The state - by - state list ( including Washington , D.C. ) , from happiest to least cheery : 1 . Louisiana
2. Hawaii
3. Florida
4. Tennessee
5. Arizona
6. South Carolina
7. Mississippi
8. Montana
9. Alabama
10 . Maine
11 . Wyoming
12 . Alaska
13 . North Carolina
14 . South Dakota
15 . Texas
16 . Idaho
17 . Vermont
18 . Arkansas
19 . Georgia
20 . Utah
21 . Oklahoma
22 . Delaware
23 . Colorado
24 . New Mexico
25 . North Dakota
26 . Minnesota
27 . Virginia
28 . New Hampshire
29 . Wisconsin
30 . Oregon
31 . Iowa
32 . Kansas
33 . Nebraska
34 . West Virginia
35 . Kentucky
36 . Washington
37 . District of Columbia
38 . Missouri
39 . Nevada
40 . Maryland
41 . Pennsylvania
42 . Rhode Island
43 . Ohio
44 . Massachusetts
45 . Illinois
46 . California
47 . New Jersey
48 . Indiana
49 . Michigan
50 . Connecticut
51 . New York HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
People in sunny , outdoorsy states — Louisiana Hawaii , Florida — say they 're the happiest Americans , and researchers think they know why .
A new study comparing self - described pleasant feelings with objective measures of good living found these folks generally have reason to feel fine .
The places where people are most likely to report happiness also tend to rate high on studies comparing things like climate , crime rates , air quality and schools .
FAITH & REASON : Does religion make you happy ?
STUDY : Like happiness , loneliness is contagious HAPPINESS : Staying positive in negative territory
The happiness ratings were based on a survey of 1.3 million people across the country by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
It used data collected over four years that included a question asking people how satisfied they are with their lives .
Economists Andrew J. Oswald of the University of Warwick in England and Stephen Wu of Hamilton College in Clinton , N.Y. , compared the happiness ranking with studies that rated states on a variety of criteria ranging from availability of public land to commuting time to local taxes .
Probably not surprisingly , their report in Friday 's edition of the journal Science found the happiest people tend to live in the states that do well in quality - of - life studies .
Yet Oswald says " this is the first objective validation of ' happiness ' data , " which is something he says economists have been reluctant to use in the past .
" Very loosely , you could say that we prove that happiness data are ' true , ' — such data have genuine objective informational content , " he said .
" Moreover , " Oswald added , " it is interesting to uncover the pattern of life - satisfaction across one of the world 's important nations . "
Ranking No. 1 in happiness was Louisiana , home of Dixieland music and Cajun / Creole cooking .
Oswald urged a bit of caution in that ranking , however , noting that part of the happiness survey occurred before Hurricane Katrina struck the state , and part of it took place later .
Nevertheless , he said , " We have no explicit reason to think there is a problem " with the ranking .
Rounding out the happy five were Hawaii , Florida , Tennessee and Arizona .
At the other end of the scale , last in happiness — is New York state .
As if to illustrate the problem , residents attending a meeting Wednesday in rural Queensbury unleashed their anger and cynicism at a state government they described as corrupt , self - dealing and too quick to increase taxes .
It was a tirade that had one lifelong resident saying he was ready to flee " this stinkin ' state . "
Oswald suggested the long commutes , congestion and high prices around New York City account for some of the unhappiness .
He said he has been asked if the researchers expected that states like New York and California , which ranked 46th , would do so badly in the happiness ranking .
" I am only a little surprised , " he said .
" Many people think these states would be marvelous places to live in .
The problem is that if too many individuals think that way , they move into those states , and the resulting congestion and house prices make it a non-fulfilling prophecy . "
Besides being interesting , the state - by - state pattern has scientific value , Oswald explained .
" We wanted to study whether people 's feelings of satisfaction with their own lives are reliable , that is , whether they match up to reality — of sunshine hours , congestion , air quality , etceteras — in their own state .
And they do match . "
Oswald and Wu used data from CDC's Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System collected from 2005 to 2008 .
The survey , launched in 1984 , collects information on a variety of health measures .
The research was supported by Britain 's Economic and Social Research Council .
READERS :
Do you think the state you call home affects YOUR happiness ?
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
What if the stem cells in our bodies live on , even as we age ?
What if they are just asleep , quiescent , like forgotten sentinels nodding off at remote outposts , waiting for orders ?
If only scientists could discover how to send them messages , could they be reawakened ?
“ When you ’re little and fall off your bike , ” says Cabot professor of the natural sciences Douglas Melton , “ you barely remember it the next day and a week later you do n’t remember it at all .
I ride my bike all the time , and if I fall off now , I remember it for weeks . ”
Bruises last longer when you get older .
But is the slowness of repair due to some deficiency that arises with age , that stops normal processes from working well ?
Or is it due to the absence of some youthful factor ?
Amy Wagers , an associate professor of stem - cell and regenerative biology , has begun to answer this most provocative of questions — could we marshal the body ’s own repair mechanisms to slow the process of aging ?— with a simple experiment .
Using mice that have been surgically joined so that their bloodstreams become shared , Wagers investigated whether the blood of a young animal might awaken the muscle stem cells in an old one and enhance muscle repair .
When Wagers and colleagues joined a young mouse to an old mouse , muscle damage in the young mouse still healed well , suggesting that the older animal did not introduce a defect .
When two old mice were joined , as a control , the muscular repair was , as expected , very slow .
“ You get lots of inflammatory cells coming in , lots of fibrous tissue deposited , ” Wagers explains , “ and not very much new muscle . ”
But when a young and an old mouse were joined , and a leg of the old mouse was injured , the healing was rapid : new muscle formed almost as well as in a young animal .
Something from the young mouse — an unknown factor circulating in the blood — was reaching muscle stem cells in the old mouse and turning on the biological machinery of repair .
Wagers ( already a recipient of numerous awards , like many of her junior colleagues in the same field at Harvard ) has established that whatever the unknown factor is , it is not a cell .
Recently she has discovered a “ partial pathway , ” previously undescribed in the blood system , that is involved in the process of repair .
“ The reason we thought the factor that awakens muscle stem cells might be in the blood , ” she explains , “ is that organ systems decline globally with age , which implies that any signal has to reach many different locations . ”
A good place to look for a universal signal such as that , she reasoned , is in the blood .
In fact , her work has already shown that exposing an old animal to the blood of a young animal restores function to progenitor cells in a variety of tissues , not only in skeletal muscle .
She is now collaborating with other Harvard laboratories to study such effects in the pancreas , liver , brain , and heart .
“ This might be a more broadly applicable mechanism , ” she says , “ an inroad for discovering pathways that can enhance repair activity . ”
In some cases , Wagers thinks , induced repair mechanisms that fail with age might overlap with genetic disorders , so that studying these pathways could advance research on cures for certain diseases .
At the very least , she suspects that the “ kinds of molecules we discover that enhance endogenous repair activity ” could someday play an important role in readying tissues for cell therapy , once that field is mature .
Adds Melton , “ This has gotten us thinking more about not just fixing the human body when it is broken , but about how to harness the natural activity of stem cells for homeostatic repair to keep us healthy .
We ’re not there yet , but I think that is where we are headed . ”
Conan O'Brien can get a whole lot of money from NBC as a parting gift , but there will be strings attached -- not the least of which ... Conan cannot trash the network .
Sources tell us NBC wants a liquidated damages clause if Conan says anything disparaging about the network once he leaves .
Essentially that means there is a clause in the contract that says Conan will automatically pay a predetermined amount of money if he says bad things about NBC .
And , as we have previously reported , NBC will demand that Conan not take another hosting job for a certain period of time .
Sources say NBC will be paying Conan a hefty sum , but that will be offset by any amount Conan makes for his next hosting gig .
So if Conan makes a deal with FOX , NBC can reduce the amount it pays Conan by the amount FOX forks over .
FYI -- we 've learned Conan 's existing contract already has an offset clause in the event he leaves NBC and takes another job .
Bottom line -- Conan wo n't be taking NBC to the cleaners .
By By Chris Hogg Jan 12 , 2010 in Business According to a new study by Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) , most of what the public learns still comes from traditional media outlets , especially newspapers .
However , the amount of original reporting is on the decline .
The findings show most people still turn to traditional media to get their news , despite the fact there are more sources of information than ever before .
Using Baltimore , Md , as a test ground for one week , researchers examined all outlets that produced local content and examined six major narratives during that time frame .
The study was conducted July 19 to 25 , 2009 and the PEJ says this study is an attempt at trying to understand who is producing news and identify the character of what is produced .
Courtesy Project for Excellence in Journalism According to the PEJ , " Much of the ' news ' people receive contains no original reporting , " and " 8 out of ten stories studied simply repeated or repackaged previously published information . "
The report goes on to say 95 percent of reports that did contain new information were from traditional media , mostly newspapers .
Scarcity of content
The PEJ says their analysis shows local papers are offering less content than they once did .
According to their report :
For all of 2009 , for instance , the [ Baltimore ]
Sun produced 32 percent fewer stories on any subject than it did in 1999 , and 73 percent fewer stories than in 1991 , when the company still published an evening and morning paper with competing newsrooms .
Furthermore , the study indicates new media is not filling in the content void left by mainstream press , as blogs , Twitter and local news sites typically act more as an alert system or a way to disseminate stories from other websites .
Courtesy Project for Excellence in Journalism
New technology Researchers concluded the Web is clearly the first place of publication now , as new technology has made it easier to publish quickly .
With the rise of new technology , however , news is often posted with little enterprise reporting added .
In fact , researchers noted they often saw official press releases posted word - for - word without that fact being disclosed .
They also said citing and crediting sources is an oft - skipped step , as they found many examples of websites reprinting sections of others ' work without credit .
Growth of media outlets
In Baltimore , the number of news outlets has expanded a great deal , as researchers identified 53 news outlets that regularly produce some kind of local content .
These outlets range from blogs , to talk radio shows to sites created by former journalists .
They also include " multi - platform operations that also make robust use of Twitter as a way means of dissemination . "
However , researchers say 83 percent of stories were repetitive and conveyed no new information , and the 17 percent that did were traditional media outlets .
The Baltimore Sun is credited with producing 48 percent of these stories ; a specialty paper focusing on business and law produced 13 percent ; local TV stations and their websites accounted for 28 percent of enterprise reporting ; radio stations produced 7 percent ; and new media outlets accounted for 4 percent .
Courtesy Project for Excellence in Journalism Researchers also note 31 percent of legacy media ( newspapers , TV and radio ) produced content on new platforms and nearly half of newspaper stories were online rather than in print .
In television , the PEJ says 36 percent of TV news stories were “ anchor reads ” and “ tell stories " which is often material from wire services .
In radio , researchers say there was very little original reporting , with almost 50 percent of segments involving an anchor reading stories and 38 percent of segments including a host interviewing a guest or caller .
The PEJ says there were two cases of new media breaking information in Baltimore ; one was a police Twitter feed and the other was a local blog that picked up a story the mainstream press nearly missed completely .
A newspaper eventually found the blog and reported the story .
As more and more media outlets scale back on original reporting , researchers say reproducing others ' content has become a big part of the news media ecosystem : Government , at least in this study , initiates most of the news .
In the detailed examination of six major storylines , 63 % of the stories were initiated by government officials , led first of all by the police .
Another 14 % came from the press .
Interest group figures made up most of the rest .
The PEJ says new media , local bloggers and specialty outlets are " almost certain " to grow in number and expand capacity .
Topics vary by media outlet
The PEJ says the news agendas of media outlets were " strikingly different , " and " the world one encounters differs dramatically depending on where one seeks his or her information . "
Courtesy Project for Excellence in Journalism
According to their study , 23 percent of TV stories were about crime ( double the amount of any other subject ) .
With newspapers , crime reporting was nearly matched by reports on government , followed by business and education .
In radio and new media , however , government was the No. 1 topic .
The study can be found online
The study attempted to look at who reports the news most people consume in their communities ; the role of new media , blogs and specialty sites ; and how a modern news " ecosystem " in a large American city works .
The findings show most people still turn to traditional media to get their news , despite the fact there are more sources of information than ever before .
Using Baltimore , Md , as a test ground for one week , researchers examined all outlets that produced local content and examined six major narratives during that time frame .
The study was conducted July 19 to 25 , 2009 and the PEJ says this study is an attempt at trying to understand who is producing news and identify the character of what is produced .
According to the PEJ , " Much of the ' news ' people receive contains no original reporting , " and " 8 out of ten stories studied simply repeated or repackaged previously published information .
"
The report goes on to say 95 percent of reports that did contain new information were from traditional media , mostly newspapers .
The PEJ says their analysis shows local papers are offering less content than they once did .
According to their report : Furthermore , the study indicates new media is not filling in the content void left by mainstream press , as blogs , Twitter and local news sites typically act more as an alert system or a way to disseminate stories from other websites .
Researchers concluded the Web is clearly the first place of publication now , as new technology has made it easier to publish quickly .
With the rise of new technology , however , news is often posted with little enterprise reporting added .
In fact , researchers noted they often saw official press releases posted word - for - word without that fact being disclosed .
They also said citing and crediting sources is an oft - skipped step , as they found many examples of websites reprinting sections of others ' work without credit .
In Baltimore , the number of news outlets has expanded a great deal , as researchers identified 53 news outlets that regularly produce some kind of local content .
These outlets range from blogs , to talk radio shows to sites created by former journalists .
They also include " multi - platform operations that also make robust use of Twitter as a way means of dissemination .
" However , researchers say 83 percent of stories were repetitive and conveyed no new information , and the 17 percent that did were traditional media outlets .
The Baltimore Sun is credited with producing 48 percent of these stories ; a specialty paper focusing on business and law produced 13 percent ; local TV stations and their websites accounted for 28 percent of enterprise reporting ; radio stations produced 7 percent ; and new media outlets accounted for 4 percent .
Researchers also note 31 percent of legacy media ( newspapers , TV and radio ) produced content on new platforms and nearly half of newspaper stories were online rather than in print .
In television , the PEJ says 36 percent of TV news stories were “ anchor reads ” and “ tell stories " which is often material from wire services .
In radio , researchers say there was very little original reporting , with almost 50 percent of segments involving an anchor reading stories and 38 percent of segments including a host interviewing a guest or caller .
The PEJ says there were two cases of new media breaking information in Baltimore ; one was a police Twitter feed and the other was a local blog that picked up a story the mainstream press nearly missed completely .
A newspaper eventually found the blog and reported the story .
As more and more media outlets scale back on original reporting , researchers say reproducing others ' content has become a big part of the news media ecosystem :
The PEJ says new media , local bloggers and specialty outlets are " almost certain " to grow in number and expand capacity .
The PEJ says the news agendas of media outlets were " strikingly different , " and " the world one encounters differs dramatically depending on where one seeks his or her information .
" According to their study , 23 percent of TV stories were about crime ( double the amount of any other subject ) .
With newspapers , crime reporting was nearly matched by reports on government , followed by business and education .
In radio and new media , however , government was the No. 1 topic .
The study can be found online here More about Study , Baltimore , Media , Citizen journalism
More news from study baltimore media citizen journalism
The idea of ownership is ubiquitous .
Title deeds establish and protect ownership of our houses , while security of property is as important to the proprietors of Tesco and Sainsbury 's as it is to their customers .
However , there is a profound problem when it comes to so - called intellectual property ( IP ) – which requires a strong lead from government , and for which independent advice has never been more urgently required .
The David Nutt affair has illustrated very well the importance of objective analysis of complex social issues .
The myth is that IP rights are as important as our rights in castles , cars and corn oil .
IP is supposedly intended to encourage inventors and the investment needed to bring their products to the clinic and marketplace .
In reality , patents often suppress invention rather than promote it : drugs are " evergreened " when patents are on the verge of running out – companies buy up the patents of potential rivals in order to prevent them being turned into products .
Moreover , the prices charged , especially for pharmaceuticals , are often grossly in excess of those required to cover costs and make reasonable profits .
IP rights are beginning to permeate every area of scientific endeavour .
Even in universities , science and innovation , which have already been paid for out of the public purse , are privatised and resold to the public via patents acquired by commercial interests .
The drive to commercialise science has overtaken not only applied research but also " blue - skies " research , such that even the pure quest for knowledge is subverted by the need for profit .
For example , it is estimated that some 20 % of individual human genes have been patented already or have been filed for patenting .
As a result , research on certain genes is largely restricted to the companies that hold the patents , and tests involving them are marketed at prohibitive prices .
We believe that this poses a very real danger to the development of science for the public good .
The fruits of science and innovation have nourished our society and economy for years , but nations unable to navigate our regulatory system are often excluded , as are vulnerable individuals .
We need to consider how to balance the needs of science as an industry with the plight of those who desperately need the products of science .
Clearly it is vitally important that we continue to protect science and enable it to flourish .
Science and the many benefits that science has produced have played a crucial part in our history and produced vast improvements to human welfare .
It would be remiss if we failed to recognise the importance of science as an industry and investment in research to national and regional economic development ; but against these economic concerns ( individual , corporate and national ) an overriding consideration must be the interests of the public and of humanity present and future .
Science as an industry may be booming , but the benefits of science need to be more efficiently and more cheaply placed in the service of the public .
This is of particular concern in the developing world , where drugs that are routinely available in high - income countries are unaffordable or inaccessible , and treatments for diseases of the poor are simply not being developed due to lack of a viable market .
Existing inequities in knowledge capital make developing nations hostage to more technologically advanced countries for their basic health and development needs , and restrict the participation in research that would allow them to redress this imbalance .
For science to continue to flourish , it is necessary that the knowledge it generates be made freely and widely available .
IP rights have the tendency to stifle access to knowledge and the free exchange of ideas that is essential to science .
So , far from stimulating innovation and the dissemination of the benefits of science , IP all too often hampers scientific progress and restricts access to its products .
The Manchester Manifesto , produced by an interdisciplinary and international group of experts and published today , explores these problems and points the way to future solutions that will more effectively protect science , innovation and the public good .
It calls on all interested parties to find better ways of delivering the fruits of science where they are most needed .
This article is co-authored with Sarah Chan and Professor John Harris
Official : U.S. calls off search for Iraqi WMDs
Bush stands by decision to go to war , spokesman says
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. inspectors have ended their search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in recent weeks , a U.S. intelligence official told CNN .
The United States is taking steps to determine how it received erroneous intelligence that deposed Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was developing and stockpiling nuclear , chemical and biological weapons , White House spokesman Scott McClellan said Wednesday .
" Our friends and allies had the same intelligence that we had when it came to Saddam Hussein , " he said .
" Now we need to continue to move forward to find out what went wrong and to correct those flaws .
" That 's exactly what the independent commission the president appointed is going to do , " McClellan said .
" They 're going to make recommendations , and the president is committed to acting on those recommendations . "
At the same time , he said , President Bush stands by the decision to invade Iraq .
" We had a regime that had a history of using weapons of mass destruction and had a history of defying the international community and had a history of ties to terrorist organizations in Iraq , " he said .
" We had the attacks on September 11 [ 2001 ] , that taught us we must confront threats before it 's too late .
" That 's what the president 's committed to doing , " he said .
" Because this is about making America more secure . "
The search ended almost two years after President Bush ordered the invasion of Iraq , saying intelligence indicated Saddam was building weapons of mass destruction and may have hidden weapons stockpiles .
Members of the Iraq Survey Group were continuing to examine hundreds of documents and would investigate any new leads , the U.S. intelligence official said .
Charles A. Duelfer , who headed the Iraq Survey Group 's search for WMD in Iraq , has returned to the United States and is working on his final report , the official said .
Many of the military and intelligence personnel who had been assigned to the weapons search are now working on counterinsurgency matters , the official said .
Asked whether the Bush administration planned to announce the end of the physical WMD search , McClellan deferred to Duelfer .
" I think it 's up to him to make those determinations , " McClellan said .
State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said though the search for WMD yielded no results , the United States , based on " extensive intelligence , " believed before it invaded Iraq that Saddam was intent on acquiring them .
A State Department program has employed about 120 Iraqi scientists with expertise in WMD to undertake research in other fields of science , he said .
A spokesman for the British Foreign Office said that though the physical search is over , some work continues .
" The hunt for WMD will continue under whatever authority is in charge , right now the Iraqi interim government , " he said .
Invasion defended
In October , Duelfer released a preliminary report finding that in March 2003 -- the month of the invasion -- Saddam did not have any WMD stockpiles and had not started any program to produce them .
The Iraq Survey Group report said that Iraq 's WMD program was essentially destroyed in 1991 and Saddam ended the country 's nuclear program after the Persian Gulf War in 1991 .
The report found that Iraq worked hard to cheat on United Nations - imposed sanctions and retain the capability to resume production of weapons of mass destruction at some time in the future .
( Full story )
" [ Saddam ] wanted to end sanctions while preserving the capability to reconstitute his weapons of mass destruction when sanctions were lifted , " a summary of the report said .
After Duelfer delivered his Iraq Survey Group 's report to the Senate , Bush acknowledged that Iraq did n't have weapons of mass destruction at the time he ordered the invasion but said Saddam was " systematically gaming the system " and that the world is safer because he is no longer in power .
The preliminary report indicated that Saddam hoped to restart his weapons programs primarily for defense against Iran .
At the same time , the report said that " the former regime had no formal written strategy or plan for the revival of WMD after the sanctions . "
The report found that Iraq 's " ability to reconstitute a nuclear weapons program progressively decayed " after 1991 -- and a nuclear weapon would have been years away .
Bush reiterated in October his position that Saddam had to go .
" He was a threat we had to confront , and America and the world are safer for our actions , " he said .
Democrats , however , did n't buy the president 's position .
Bush 's opponent in the presidential race , Sen . John Kerry , said the same day : " Mr. President , the American people deserve more than spin about this war .
" They deserve facts that represent reality , not carefully polished arguments and points that are simply calculated to align with a preconceived conception . "
In Britain , Prime Minister Tony Blair faced similar criticism .
He told his party 's annual conference in September that the " evidence about Saddam having actual biological and chemical weapons , as opposed to the capability to develop them , has turned out to be wrong . "
" I can apologize for the information that turned out to be wrong , " Blair said .
" But I can't , sincerely at least , apologize for removing Saddam . "
This is a scientist with an artificial blood vessel .
Credit : University of Gothenburg
The cellulose produced by bacteria could be used for artificial blood vessels in the future as it carries a lower risk of blood clots than the synthetic materials currently used for bypass operations , reveals a thesis from the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg , Sweden .
Produced by a bacterium known as Acetobacter xylinum , the cellulose is strong enough to cope with blood pressure and works well with the body 's own tissue .
The thesis shows that the material also carries a lower risk of blood clots than the synthetic materials currently in use .
" There are hardly any blood clots at all with the bacterial cellulose , and the blood coagulates much more slowly than with the materials I used as a comparison , " says molecular biologist Helen Fink , who wrote the thesis .
" This means that the cellulose works very well in contact with the blood and is a very interesting alternative for artificial blood vessels . "
Real blood vessels have an internal coating of cells that ensure that the blood does not clot .
Helen Fink and her colleagues have modified the bacterial cellulose so that these cells adhere better .
" We 've used a brand new method which allows us to increase the number of cells that grow in the bacterial cellulose without changing the material 's structure , " says Fink .
If the coronary vessels around the heart are blocked as a result of hardening of the arteries , it may be necessary to carry out a bypass operation .
Every year around 6,000 of these operations are carried out in Sweden .
The surgeon takes a section of a vein from , for example , the patient 's leg , and uses it to divert the blood around the hardened artery .
Where patients do not have any suitable vessels , a vessel made of synthetic material is used instead .
Explore further More blood vessels in hormone - resistant prostate tumors
Two off - duty Los Angeles Police Department officers have been arrested for allegedly pistol - whipping a man during a fight in Whittier , authorities said this morning .
One of the officers apparently got into an argument with his girlfriend about 8 p.m. Tuesday outside a Panera Bread restaurant in the 15600 block of Whittwood Lane , the Whittier Police Department said in a statement .
Witnesses told police the officer took issue with a bystander , who was watching the altercation while talking on his cellphone , and struck the man in the face .
A fight ensued , during which one of the officers allegedly pulled out a handgun and began hitting the victim in the head , the statement said .
The victim was able to break free , but both off - duty officers chased after him and tackled him to the ground , where the assault continued , the statement said .
The victim eventually escaped by running into a nearby Target store .
The victim was treated at the scene and taken to a hospital for further evaluation .
The two officers were arrested for assault with a deadly weapon .
They have been placed on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation , LAPD officials said .
The Whittier Police Department has identified the arrested officers as Brandon Valdez , 29 , and Patrick Fitzgerald , 38 .
The officers were each released this morning on $ 30,000 bail .
-- Alexandra Zavis and Andrew Blankstein
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
13 California hospitals fined for medical errors
Supporters turn out for Santa Clarita councilman who called himself ' proud racist '
2 water main breaks in L.A. flood homes , apartment building
Marine , Navy corpsman from Camp Pendleton killed in Afghanistan
Covina father arrested in fatal stabbing of 2 - year - old son
Back in November , UK ISP Virgin Media announced that it would start using deep packet inspection gear to start riffling through user traffic .
The goal was to search some of the leading P2P networks in order to measure copyrighted material passing through them .
Today , the European Commission indicated that the plan is problematic , and it will keep a close eye on the trial .
In the middle of last year , Virgin announced a stunning music plan : unlimited streaming and downloads of non-DRMed music files from Universal ( with deals hopefully to come from other labels ) .
The music would be part of your ISP subscription fee , and downloads would be yours to keep forever .
After giving Virgin permission to use the " carrot , " though , labels wanted a bit more " stick " applied to users who continued to infringe copyright .
Virgin had no real way to measure the effective rate of copyright infringement by its users , so in November 2009 it turned to Detica , a unit of European arms contractor BAE systems .
Detica developed a product named CView that , in the words of the company , " applies high volume , advanced analytics to anonymous ISP traffic data , and aggregates this information into a measure of the total volume of unauthorised file sharing . "
The data appears to be " anonymous " only in the sense that it consists of IP addresses and not usernames .
When deployed by an ISP , however , linking IP addresses to one 's own user accounts is trivial .
Do ISPs even have the authority to install such systems on their network ?
" Anonymous " or not , DPI tools might be considered wiretap devices , and a group called Privacy International promptly complained to the European Commission about the issue ( during the debates over a similar DPI - based ad - serving system called Phorm , the UK government made clear it would not do much to stop such trials ) .
Today , the European Commission indicated that it took the Privacy International complaint seriously and would watch Virgin 's actions closely .
The BBC also went to Virgin , asked a couple of obvious questions about how CView would work , and elicited some amazing responses from an ISP spokesman .
" He admitted that potentially 40 percent of Virgin Media 's customers could have their data scrutinised and confirmed that it has no plans to inform them beforehand .
He also conceded that it would not be technically difficult to link up deep packet inspection technology with the IP addresses which would identify individuals but stressed that was not the plan currently . "
Not informing your customers before scanning all of their Internet traffic — what could possibly go wrong ?
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 19
Explanation : Northern Lights , or aurora borealis , haunted skies over the island of Kvaløya , near Tromsø Norway on December 13 .
This 30 second long exposure records their shimmering glow gently lighting the wintery coastal scene .
A study in contrasts , it also captures the sudden flash of a fireball meteor from December 's excellent Geminid meteor shower .
Streaking past familiar stars in the handle of the Big Dipper , the trail points back toward the constellation Gemini , off the top of the view .
Both aurora and meteors occur in Earth 's upper atmosphere at altitudes of 100 kilometers or so , but aurora are caused by energetic charged particles from the magnetosphere , while meteors are trails of cosmic dust .
" Our immersion in the details of crises that have arisen over the past eight centuries and in data on them has led us to conclude that the most commonly repeated and most expensive investment advice ever given in the boom just before a financial crisis stems from the perception that ' this time is different . '
" That advice , that the old rules of valuation no longer apply , is usually followed up with vigor .
Financial professionals and , all too often , government leaders explain that we are doing things better than before , we are smarter , and we have learned from past mistakes .
Each time , society convinces itself that the current boom , unlike the many booms that preceded catastrophic collapses in the past , is built on sound fundamentals , structural reforms , technological innovation , and good policy . "
- This Time is Different ( Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff )
When does a potential crisis become an actual crisis , and how and why does it happen ?
Why did most everyone believe there were no problems in the US ( or Japanese or European or British ) economies in 2006 ?
Yet now we are mired in a very difficult situation .
" The subprime problem will be contained , " said now controversially confirmed Fed Chairman Bernanke , just months before the implosion and significant Fed intervention .
I have just returned from Europe , and the discussion often turned to the potential of a crisis in the Eurozone if Greece defaults .
Plus , we take a look at the very positive US GDP numbers released this morning .
Are we finally back to the Old Normal ?
There 's just so much to talk about ...
The Statistical Recovery Has Arrived
Before we get into the main discussion point , let me briefly comment on today 's GDP numbers , which came in at an amazingly strong 5.7 % growth rate .
While that is stronger than I thought it would be ( I said 4 - 5 % ) , there are reasons to be cautious before we sound the " all clear " bell .
First , over 60 % ( 3.7 % ) of the growth came from inventory rebuilding , as opposed to just 0.7 % in the third quarter .
If you examine the numbers , you find that inventories had dropped below sales , so a buildup was needed .
Increasing inventories add to GDP , while , counterintuitively , sales from inventory decrease GDP .
Businesses are just adjusting to the New Normal level of sales .
I expect further inventory build - up in the next two quarters , although not at this level , and then we level off the latter half of the year .
While rebuilding inventories is a very good thing , that growth will only continue if sales grow .
Otherwise inventories will find the level of the New Normal and stop growing .
And if you look at consumer spending in the data , you find that it actually declined in the 4th quarter , both annually and from the previous quarter .
" Domestic demand " declined from 2.3 % in the third quarter to only 1.7 % in the fourth quarter .
Part of that is clearly the absence of " Cash for Clunkers , " but even so that is not a sign of economic strength .
Second , as my friend David Rosenberg pointed out , imports fell over the 4th quarter .
Usually in a heavy inventory - rebuilding cycle , imports rise because a portion of the materials businesses need to build their own products comes from foreign sources .
Thus the drop in imports is most unusual .
Falling imports , which is a sign of economic retrenching , also increases the statistical GDP number .
Third , I have seen no analysis ( yet ) on the impact of the stimulus spending , but it was 90 % of the growth in the third quarter , or a little less than 2 % .
Fourth ( and quoting David ) : " ... if you believe the GDP data - remember , there are more revisions to come - then you de facto must be of the view that productivity growth is soaring at over a 6 % annual rate .
No doubt productivity is rising - just look at the never - ending slate of layoff announcements .
But we came off a cycle with no technological advance and no capital deepening , so it is hard to believe that productivity at this time is growing at a pace that is four times the historical norm .
Sorry , but we 're not buyers of that view .
In the fourth quarter , aggregate private hours worked contracted at a 0.5 % annual rate and what we can tell you is that such a decline in labor input has never before , scanning over 50 years of data , coincided with a GDP headline this good .
" Normally , GDP growth is 1.7 % when hours worked is this weak , and that is exactly the trend that was depicted this week in the release of the Chicago Fed 's National Activity Index , which was widely ignored .
On the flip side , when we have in the past seen GDP growth come in at or near a 5.7 % annual rate , what is typical is that hours worked grows at a 3.7 % rate .
No matter how you slice it , the GDP number today represented not just a rare but an unprecedented event , and as such , we are willing to treat the report with an entire saltshaker - a few grains wo n't do . "
Finally , remember that third - quarter GDP was revised downward by over 30 % , from 3.5 % to just 2.2 % only 60 days later .
( There is the first release , to be followed by revisions over the next two months . )
The first release is based on a lot of estimates , otherwise known as guesswork .
The fourth - quarter number is likely to be revised down as well .
Unemployment rose by several hundred thousand jobs in the fourth quarter , and if you look at some surveys , it approached 500,000 .
That is hardly consistent with a 5.7 % growth rate .
Further , sales taxes and income - tax receipts are still falling .
As I said last year that it would be , this is a Statistical Recovery .
When unemployment is rising , it is hard to talk of real recovery .
Without the stimulus in the latter half of the year , growth would be much slower .
So should we , as Paul Krugman suggests , spend another trillion in stimulus if it helps growth ?
No , because , as I have written for a very long time , and will focus on in future weeks , increased deficits and rising debt - to - GDP is a long - term losing proposition .
It simply puts off what will be a reckoning that will be even worse , with yet higher debt levels .
You can not borrow your way out of a debt crisis .
This Time Is Different
While I was in Europe , and flying back , I had the great pleasure of reading This Time is Different , by Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff , on my new Kindle , courtesy of Fred Fern .
I am going to be writing about and quoting from this book for several weeks .
It is a very important work , as it gives us the first really comprehensive analysis of financial crises .
I highlighted more pages than in any book in recent memory ( easy to do on the Kindle , and even easier to find the highlights ) .
Rather than offering up theories on how to deal with the current financial crisis , the authors show us what happened in over 250 historical crises in 66 countries .
And they offer some very clear ideas on how this current crisis might play out .
Sadly , the lesson is not a happy one .
There are no good endings once you start down a deleveraging path .
As I have been writing for several years , we now are faced with choosing from among several bad choices , some being worse than others .
This Time is Different offers up some ideas as to which are the worst choices .
If you are a serious student of economics , you should read this book .
If you want to get a sense of the problems we face , the authors conveniently summarize the situation in chapters 13 - 16 , purposefully allowing people to get the main points without drilling into the mountain of details they provide .
Get the book at a 45 % discount at Amazon.com .
Buy it with the excellent book I am now reading , Wall Street Revalued , and get free shipping .
A Crisis of Confidence
Let 's lead off with a few quotes from This Time is Different , and then I 'll add some comments .
Today I 'll focus on the theme of confidence , which runs throughout the entire book .
" But highly leveraged economies , particularly those in which continual rollover of short - term debt is sustained only by confidence in relatively illiquid underlying assets , seldom survive forever , particularly if leverage continues to grow unchecked . "
" If there is one common theme to the vast range of crises we consider in this book , it is that excessive debt accumulation , whether it be by the government , banks , corporations , or consumers , often poses greater systemic risks than it seems during a boom .
Infusions of cash can make a government look like it is providing greater growth to its economy than it really is .
Private sector borrowing binges can inflate housing and stock prices far beyond their long - run sustainable levels , and make banks seem more stable and profitable than they really are .
Such large - scale debt buildups pose risks because they make an economy vulnerable to crises of confidence , particularly when debt is short term and needs to be constantly refinanced .
Debt - fueled booms all too often provide false affirmation of a government 's policies , a financial institution 's ability to make outsized profits , or a country 's standard of living .
Most of these booms end badly .
Of course , debt instruments are crucial to all economies , ancient and modern , but balancing the risk and opportunities of debt is always a challenge , a challenge policy makers , investors , and ordinary citizens must never forget . "
And this is key .
Read it twice ( at least ! ) :
" Perhaps more than anything else , failure to recognize the precariousness and fickleness of confidence - especially in cases in which large short - term debts need to be rolled over continuously - is the key factor that gives rise to the this - time - is - different syndrome .
Highly indebted governments , banks , or corporations can seem to be merrily rolling along for an extended period , when bang !- confidence collapses , lenders disappear , and a crisis hits .
" Economic theory tells us that it is precisely the fickle nature of confidence , including its dependence on the public 's expectation of future events , that makes it so difficult to predict the timing of debt crises .
High debt levels lead , in many mathematical economics models , to " multiple equilibria " in which the debt level might be sustained - or might not be .
Economists do not have a terribly good idea of what kinds of events shift confidence and of how to concretely assess confidence vulnerability .
What one does see , again and again , in the history of financial crises is that when an accident is waiting to happen , it eventually does .
When countries become too deeply indebted , they are headed for trouble .
When debt - fueled asset price explosions seem too good to be true , they probably are .
But the exact timing can be very difficult to guess , and a crisis that seems imminent can sometimes take years to ignite . "
How confident was the world in October of 2006 ?
I was writing that there would be a recession , a subprime crisis , and a credit crisis in our future .
I was on Larry Kudlow 's show with Nouriel Roubini , and Larry and John Rutledge were giving us a hard time about our so - called " doom and gloom . "
If there is going to be a recession you should get out of the stock market , was my call .
I was a tad early , as the market proceeded to go up another 20 % over the next 8 months .
As Reinhart and Rogoff wrote : " Highly indebted governments , banks , or corporations can seem to be merrily rolling along for an extended period , when bang !
- confidence collapses , lenders disappear , and a crisis hits . "
Bang is the right word .
It is the nature of human beings to assume that the current trend will work out , that things can't really be that bad .
Look at the bond markets only a year and then just a few months before World War I .
There was no sign of an impending war .
Everyone " knew " that cooler heads would prevail .
We can look back now and see where we made mistakes in the current crisis .
We actually believed that this time was different , that we had better financial instruments , smarter regulators , and were so , well , modern .
Times were different .
We knew how to deal with leverage .
Borrowing against your home was a good thing .
Housing values would always go up .
Etc .
Now , there are bullish voices telling us that things are headed back to normal .
Mainstream forecasts for GDP growth this year are quite robust , north of 4 % for the year , based on evidence from past recoveries .
However , the underlying fundamentals of a banking crisis are far different from those of a typical business - cycle recession , as Reinhart and Rogoff 's work so clearly reveals .
It typically takes years to work off excess leverage in a banking crisis , with unemployment often rising for 4 years running .
We will look at the evidence in coming weeks .
The point is that complacency almost always ends suddenly .
You just do n't slide gradually into a crisis , over years .
It happens !
All of a sudden there is a trigger event , and it is August of 2008 .
And the evidence in the book is that things go along fine until there is that crisis of confidence .
There is no way to know when it will happen .
There is no magic debt level , no magic drop in currencies , no percentage level of fiscal deficits , no single point where we can say " This is it . "
It is different in different crises .
One point I found fascinating , and we 'll explore it in later weeks .
First , when it comes to the various types of crises with the authors identify , there is very little difference between developed and emerging - market countries , especially as to the fallout .
It seems that the developed world has no corner on special wisdom that would allow crises to be avoided , or allow them to be recovered from more quickly .
In fact , because of their overconfidence - because they actually feel they have superior systems - developed countries can dig deeper holes for themselves than emerging markets .
Oh , and the Fed should have seen this crisis coming .
The authors point to some very clear precursors to debt crises .
This bears further review , and we will do so in coming weeks .
Greeks Bearing Gifts
On Monday , the government of Greece offered a " gift " to the markets of 8 billion euros worth of bonds at a rather high 6.25 % .
The demand was for 25 billion euros , so this offering was rather robust .
Today , those same Greek bonds closed on 6.5 % , more than offsetting the first year 's coupon .
Greek bond yields are up more than 150 basis points in the last month !
Why such a one - week turnaround ?
Ambrose Evans Pritchard offers up this thought : " Marc Ostwald , from Monument Securities , said the botched bond issue of € 8bn ( £ 6.9bn ) of Greek debt earlier this week has made matters worse .
Many of the investors were ' hot money ' funds that bought on rumors that China was emerging as a buyer , offering them a chance for quick profit .
When the China story was denied by Beijing and Athens , these funds rushed for the exit . "
Greece is running a budget deficit of 12.5 % .
Under the Maastricht Treaty , they are supposed to keep it at 3 % .
Their GDP was $ 374 billion in 2008 ( about € 240 billion ) .
If they can cut their budget deficit to 10 % this year , that means they will need to go into the bond market for another € 25 billion or so .
But they already have a problem with rising debt .
Look at the following graph on the debt of various countries .
When Russia defaulted on its debt and sent the world into crisis in 1998 , they had total debt of only € 51 billion .
Greece now has € 254 billion and added another € 8 billion this week , and needs to add another € 24 billion ( or so ) later this year .
That 's a debt - to - GDP ratio of over 100 % , well above the limit of the treaty , which is 60 % .
Greece benefitted from being in the Eurozone by getting very low interest rates , up until recently .
Being in the Eurozone made investors confident .
Now that confidence is eroding daily .
And this week 's market action says rates will go higher , without some fiscal discipline .
To help my US readers put this in perspective , let 's assume that Greece was the size of the US .
To get back to Maastricht Treaty levels , they would need to cut the deficit by 4 % of GDP for the next few years .
If the US did that , it would mean an equivalent budget cut of $ 500 billion dollars .
Per year .
For three years running .
That would guarantee a very deep recession .
Just a 10 % suggested pay cut has Greek government unions already planning strikes .
Nevertheless , the government of Greece recognizes that it simply cannot continue to run such huge deficits .
They have developed a plan that aims to narrow the shortfall from 12.7 % of output , more than four times the EU limit , to 8.7 % this year .
That reduction will be achieved even though the economy will contract 0.3 % , the plan says .
The deficit will shrink to 5.6 % next year and 2.8 % in 2012 .
The market is saying they do n't believe that will happen .
For one thing , if the Greek economy goes into recession , the amount collected in taxes will fall , meaning the shortfall will increase .
Second , it is not clear that Greek voters will approve such a plan at their next elections .
Riots and demonstrations are a popular pastime .
Both French and German ministers made it clear that there would be no bailout of Greece .
But here 's the problem .
If they ignore the noncompliance , there is no meaning to the treaty .
The euro will be called into question .
And the other countries with serious fiscal problems will ask why they should cut back if Greece does not .
If Greece does not choose deep cutbacks and recession , the markets will keep demanding hikes in interest rates , and eventually Greece will have problems meeting just its interest payments .
Can this go on for some time ?
The analysis of debt crises in history says yes , but there comes a time when confidence breaks .
My friends from GaveKal had this thought :
" What is the next step ?
Having lived through the Mexican , Thai , Korean and Argentine crises , it is hard not to distinguish a common pattern .
In our view , this means that investors need to confront the fact that we are at an important crossroads for Greece , best symbolized by a simple question : ' If you were a Greek saver with all of your income in a Greek bank , given what is happening to the debt of your sovereign , would you feel comfortable keeping all of your life savings in your savings institution ?
Or would you start thinking about opening an account in a foreign bank and / or redeeming your currency in cash ? '
The answer to this question will likely direct the next phase of the crisis .
If we start to see bank runs in Greece , then investors will have to accept that the crisis has run out of control and that we are facing a far more bearish investment environment .
However , if the Greek population does not panic and does not liquefy / transfer its savings , then European policy - makers may still have a chance to find a political solution to this growing problem .
" What could a political solution be ?
The answer here is simple : there is none .
So if Europe wants to save Greece from hitting the wall towards which it is now heading , the European commission , the ECB and / or other institutions ( IMF ? ) will have to bend the rules massively .
In turn , this will likely lead to a further collapse in the euro .
But for us , an important question is whether it could also lead to a serious political backlash .
Indeed , at this stage , elected politicians are likely pondering how much appetite there is amongst their electorate for yet another bailout , and for further expansions in government debt levels .
The fact that the intervention would occur on behalf of a foreign country probably makes it all the more unpalatable ( it 's one thing to save your domestic banking system ... but why save Greece ? ) . "
If Greece is bailed out , Portugal and Ireland will ask " Why not us ? "
And Spain ?
Italy ?
If Greece is allowed to flaunt the rules , what does that say about the future of the euro ?
Will Germany and France insist on compliance or be willing to kick Greece out ?
A few months ago , the markets assumed that not only Greece but Portugal , Italy , Spain , and Ireland would have a few years to get their houses in order .
This week , the markets shortened their time horizon for Greece .
Even so , we get this quote , which may end up ranking alongside Fisher 's quote in 1929 , that the stock market was at a permanently high plateau , or Bernanke 's quote that " The subprime debt problem will be contained . "
" There is no bailout problem , " Monetary Affairs Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said today at the World Economic Forum 's annual meeting in Davos , Switzerland .
" Greece will not default .
In the euro area , default does not exist . "
The evidence in This Time is Different is that default risk does in fact exist .
You cannot keep borrowing past your income , whether as a family or a government , and not eventually go bankrupt .
Are we at an inflection point ?
Too early to say .
It all depends on the willingness of the Greek people to endure what will not be a fun next few years , for the privilege of staying in the Eurozone .
And on whether the bond market believes that this time is different and the Greeks will actually get their fiscal house in order .
Oh by the way , did I mention that the history of Greece is not exactly pristine in terms of default ?
In fact , they have been in default in one way or another for 105 out of the past 200 years .
Aristotle , can you spare a dime ?
And one last thought .
The US is running massive deficits .
If we do not get them under control , we will one day , and perhaps quite soon , face our own " Greek moment . "
Look at the graph below , and weep .
Obama offering to freeze spending by 17 % in US discretionary - spending programs , after he ran them up over 20 % in just one year , is laughable .
Greece is an object lesson for the world , as Japan soon will be .
You can not cure too much debt with more debt .
Biotech , Conversations , and More
Two quick commercial notes .
I mentioned a few weeks ago that I was going to start a stock - buying program for the first time in 15 years ( I normally invest in managers and funds rather than specific stocks ) .
I published an Outside the Box last week that talked about why I think biotech stocks could be at the beginning of a decade - long run , and why I wanted to participate directly .
You can read that Outside the Box by clicking on this link .
Second , I offer a subscription service called Conversations with John Mauldin , where I hold conversations with people who I think have something important for us to understand .
It has been very well received .
We provide both audio and a transcript .
I just posted my latest Conversations , in which I interviewed two gentlemen who are CEOs of companies that I think are at the very bleeding edge of the biotech revolution .
Subscribers have already gotten that posting .
Over the year , in addition to the usual economic Conversations we have , I will be interviewing other industry leaders who will be changing the world of medicine in the coming decade .
You can subscribe at https://www.johnmauldin.com/newsletters2.html.
In addition , George Friedman and Niall Ferguson and I are exchanging emails on a time to get together for another of the series where George and I talk about geopolitics .
I guarantee a lively and fascinating Conversation .
It is good to be back from Europe .
While it was fun , it was mostly long days and a lot of planes , trains , and automobiles .
I arrived home to find baby bottles and other baby paraphenalia around the house .
Tiffani and Ryan are starting to come back to work at the house with me , and of course my granddaughter Lively will be here most days with them , along with a nanny so Mom can actually work .
It has been a long time since I had a baby around .
As I went to bed , I realized that I was going to get to watch this grandchild grow up on an almost daily basis .
It was with a sigh of contentment that I went to sleep .
And then today , they came and brought her .
She has grown so much in just the week I was gone !
Once again , I get to experience the miracle of kids growing up .
Only this time I do n't have to change the diapers .
Life is good .
Your believing my grandkids will have a better future analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@FrontLineThoughts.com
Copyright 2010 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
You have permission to publish this article electronically or in print as long as the following is included :
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
To change your email address please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/change.asp
If you would ALSO like changes applied to the Accredited Investor E- Letter , please include your old and new email address along with a note requesting the change for both e-letters and send your request to wave@frontlinethoughts.com
先日登場し た11月23日付の WCAG 2.0 草案に、文字色と背景色のコントラストを評価するための新しい方法が組み込まれたので、色の組み合わせチェックにも試験的に採用してみた。このアルゴリズムは、ガンマ補正を踏まえたHDTVの輝度信号の算出式を応用しているらしいことは分かったものの、今ひとつ基準値などの根拠が判然としなかったのだが、どうやらこれはWCAG2.0のエディタの一人である、Gregg Vanderheidenらが考案したものらしい。
Gez Lemonの記事 Luminosity Contrast Ratio Algorithm によると 、Gregg らTrace R&D Centerのメンバーが、従来のWCAG草案でも参考として示していた
AERT の「色の差」によるコントラスト評価法に代わる方法としてこの
LCR を案出したということだ。AERTはYIQのYを「明るさ」（brightness）とよび、LCRはYP r P b の Yを 「 輝度」（luminosity）としているが、いずれも色の輝度成分を抽出しようというもので、本質的には同じ（「明度」というとまた話が違ってきて、特に日本語でいう「明度」はいろんな使われ方があってややこしい）。違いは、前者が「差」を取っているのに対し、後者は「比」を基準にしようというところにある。
コントラストの尺度として「差 」と「比」のどちらがいいのかは俄には決めがたいが、たとえば標識などの識別のための基準が「輝度比2.0以上」といわれるように、比率を用いた基準が多いように見受けられる。また、人間の感じる明るさは、輝度（明度？）の1/3乗に比例するという説や、明度（輝度？）の段階は対数で表すべきだという説も見かける。「差」による評価よりは、「比」の方が洗練されていることになるのか。
とはいうものの、実際にAERTとLCRによるチェック結果を比べてみると、LCRの方が優れているという実感はあまりない。両者で評価が分かれる組み合わせをいくつか挙げてみよう。
色の組み合わせ LCR 評価 AERT 明るさ AERT 色差 文字色#033 ; 背景色#999 5.15 117（×） 357（×） 文字色#f0f ; 背景色#303 5.747 84（× ） 408（×） 文字色#fff ; 背景色#f00 3.998（×） 179 510 文字色#090 ; 背景色#fff 3.717（×） 165 612 文字色#090 ; 背景色#000 5.649 90（×） 153（×）
※ LCRは比率が5 以上な らLevel 2、10 以上な らLevel 3の基準を満たすとされる （Level 1基準はない）
Gezの記事は、 《 AERT における「 色の差」も含めて比較すると、AERTでは中間色（#666～#999）と組み合わせて基準を満たす色がないのに対し、LCRでは使える色がある》ことを利点としてあげているが、その組み合わせは実際には読みやすいとは言い難いように思える。逆に、赤と白のような普通に使われる組合せは、AERTならOKだが、LCRでは基準を満たさないことになってしまう。
もちろん 、WCAG2.0はまだ草案段階であり、このアルゴリズムがそのまま採用されるとは限らないわけで、これから手直しされていくとは思われる。今後どんな展開を見せるか、要注目というところだ。
〔追記〕真っ暗なところでは僅かな光でも明るく感じ、明るいところではライトをつけても明るさの感じはあまり変わらないように、光の
“ 強さ ” に対する感覚は、「差」よりも「比」もしくは指数的な指標の方が適当。ただし、単純な比にすると分母が0（黒）になると無限になるし、背景が黒っぽければ文字色はごく僅かに明度を高めるだけでも大きな比率が得られてしまうので、LCRでは分母、分子にそれぞれ0.05を加えるという操作をしている。このオフセットの扱いや、
“ 強さ” ではな く “ 明るさ ” の場合はどうかといったあたりが、検討の余地ありか。
