From James Sterngold at Bloomberg : ‘ On the Edge ’ Banks Facing Writedowns After FDIC Loan Auctions ( ht jb )
A Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. plan to auction more than $ 1 billion in assets seized from failed banks next month ... may trigger writedowns that weaken lenders nationwide .
...
The auctions may have wider repercussions .
Of the $ 50.4 billion in loans seized from failed banks currently held by the FDIC , 63 percent involve participations by other lenders , according to data provided by agency spokesman Greg Hernandez .
“ These banks ca n’t believe that the regulator they pay to protect them is going to sell these loans to someone who can flip them and cause them serious losses , ” said Robert Reynolds , a lawyer at Reynolds Reynolds & Duncan LLC in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , ... “ Our banks just cannot believe they ’re being treated in a way that ultimately hurts the FDIC ’s insurance fund , because some of them are right on the edge . ”
...
“ We have a number of banks teetering on the edge , and we do n’t need this problem , ” [ John J. Collins , president of Community Bankers of Washington in Lakewood , Washington ] said in an interview .
" This problem " is many small and regional banks are carrying loans above market value .
The FDIC auction will establish market value ( update : actually examiners can consider the distressed nature of the auction ) - and the fear is this will lead to significant losses for many banks - and more bank failures .
Dishwashing ( or washing up , depending on your location ) , while a calming and meditative time for some , is not everybody ’s idea of fun .
But fortunately it offers two factors which should appeal to any geeks : science and logic .
Whether you ’ve been taught by a kindly relative , discovered it from trial and error , or resorted to a Google search , you likely know that washing dishes effectively requires hot soapy water .
But why is this , and why does cold or clear water not do the trick as well ?
The key to the soapiness in this situation is that you are not usually tackling dirt ( as with laundry ) but specifically oils and grease .
Most of the active components of dishwashing detergent ( also known as washing up liquid ) are surfactants , a contraction of “ surface active agent ” .
Put simply , these are made of molecules which have a hydrophilic head , meaning it is attracted to water , and a lipophilic tail , meaning it is attracted to grease and oil .
These molecules then form into tiny balls known as micelles ( pictured right ) in which the hydrophilic heads form the surface of the ball .
As the micelles form , come apart , and then reform , the lipophilic tails grab on to the grease and separate it from the surface of the item being washed .
This makes it much easier to then remove the grease from the item with a dish brush .
Why hot water ?
It ’s partly because some of the components of detergent are more soluble at hotter temperatures , and partly because the heat helps melt some of the fats and grease .
( Of course , hot water also has other benefits such as being more likely to kill any bacteria and meaning your crockery and cutlery will dry quicker . )
With the science taken care of , the next step is the order in which to do the dishes .
While you could just do them in whatever order you can reach them , the true geek way is to find the method which cuts down time and motion , while maximizing the results as you go , and ideally using the minimum amount of water that does the trick .
The key is to remember that the water will naturally get dirtier as you clean , which affects its ability to clean items as you go on — but the point at which this becomes a problem depends on exactly what you are cleaning .
Your mileage may vary , but my assessment is that the most efficient method is to begin by scraping off any large remnants of food from all your cutlery and crockery , then filling any particularly greasy pans with hot water to soak .
Then , rather than muddle through , start by arranging the things to be washed into piles , arranged in this order of proximity to the sink :
• glass
• cutlery
• cooking utensils ( wooden spoons , ladles , etc )
• crockery
• other ceramics
• plastics
• metals
Then add some detergent to the washing up bowl and a couple of inches of hot water , sloshing the bowl about as you do to create a lather .
( Whether you scientifically need the lather appears debatable , but it does create a useful visual guide to how much detergent is left in the water . )
If you have particularly delicate glass , you may want to start with warm rather than piping hot water .
For each pile , wash it and add it to an upside down pile besides the sink .
When the whole pile is done , turn on the hot tap again and pass each item under the tap to rinse it before placing it in a right - way - up pile on the other side of the sink .
Stop the tap when you ’re done and then wipe each item ( or put them on a drying rack , depending on your preferences . )
Then move on to the next step .
Using this method means that you do n’t waste any water while rinsing as it ’s all collected in the bowl .
You ’ll note the depth of the water increases quite neatly in line with the items being washed getting bigger .
You should also find that the items you wash later are more resistant to becoming streaked by any greasiness that has built up in the water .
However , you should still replace the water completely if it either starts to feel tepid or if the bubbles have disappeared completely .
Of course , that ’s just my take .
If you ’ve spotted a flaw in the science , or think you ’ve got a more efficient way of doing things , please do let us know in the comments section .
[ Illustration courtesy of Flickr user lsgcp ]
Bernie Madoff ’s recent Ponzi scheme has drifted out of the world 's headlines .
However , there is another even more costly and widespread scheme — “ Ponzi Demography ” — that warrants everybody 's attention .
While it may come in many guises , Ponzi demography is essentially a pyramid scheme that attempts to make more money for some by adding on more and more people through population growth .
While more visible in industrialized economies , particularly in Australia , Canada and the United States , Ponzi demography also operates in developing countries .
The underlying strategy of Ponzi demography is to privatize the profits and socialize the costs incurred from increased population growth .
The basic pitch of those promoting Ponzi demography is straightforward and intoxicating in its pro-population growth appeal : " more is better . "
However , as somebody who has spent a lifelong career as a demographer , including 12 years of service as the director of the United Nations Population Division , I find that more is not necessarily better .
As has been noted by Nobel laureate economists Joseph Stiglitz and Amartya Sen as well as many others , current economic yardsticks such as gross domestic product ( GDP ) focus on material consumption and do not include quality - of - life factors .
Standard measures of GDP do not reflect , for example , the degradation of the environment , the depreciation of natural resources or declines in individuals ' quality of life .
According to Ponzi demography , population growth — through natural increase and immigration — means more people leading to increased demands for goods and services , more material consumption , more borrowing , more on credit and of course more profits .
Everything seems fantastic for a while — but like all Ponzi schemes , Ponzi demography is unsustainable .
When the bubble eventually bursts and the economy sours , the scheme spirals downward with higher unemployment , depressed wages , falling incomes , more people sinking into debt , more homeless families — and more men , women and children on public assistance .
That is the stage when the advocates of Ponzi demography — notably enterprises in construction , manufacturing , finance , agriculture and food processing — consolidate their excess profits and gains .
That leaves the general public to pick up the tab for the mounting costs from increased population growth ( e.g. , education , health , housing and basic public services ) .
Among its primary tactics , Ponzi demography exploits the fear of population decline and aging .
Without a young and growing population , we are forewarned of becoming a nation facing financial ruin and a loss of national power .
Due to population aging , government - run pensions and healthcare systems will become increasingly insolvent , according to advocates of Ponzi demography , thereby crippling the economy , undermining societal well - being and threatening national security .
Low birth rates , especially those below replacement levels , are considered a matter of national concern .
Without higher fertility rates and the resulting population growth , the nation , it is claimed , faces a bleak and dreary future .
So Ponzi demography calls for pro-natalist policies and programs to encourage couples to marry and to have more children , which will lead to the promised sustained economic growth .
In addition to financial incentives and other benefits for childbearing , appeals are also made to one ’s patriotic duty to have children in order to replenish and expand the homeland : " Have one ( child ) for mum , one for dad and one for the country . "
In addition to measures to increase fertility levels , Ponzi demography also turns to immigration for additional population growth in order to boost companies ’ profits .
The standard slogan in this instance is " the country urgently needs increased immigration , " even when immigration may already be at record levels and unemployment rates are high .
Among other things , increased immigration , it is declared , is a matter of national security , long - term prosperity and international competitiveness .
Without this needed immigration , Ponzi demography warns that the country 's future is at serious risk .
Another basic tactic of Ponzi demography is a pervasive and unrelenting public relations campaign promoting the advantages and necessity of an increasing population for continued economic growth .
Every effort is made to equate population growth with economic prosperity and national progress .
“ Economic growth requires population growth ” is the basic message that Ponzi demography wants the public to swallow .
No mention is made of the additional profits they reap and the extra costs the public bears .
Attempts to question or even discuss Ponzi demography are denigrated and defamed to such an extent that concerns about population growth become radioactive .
Politicians , journalists and environmentalists , for example , choose by and large to sidestep the entire issue .
When confronted with environmental concerns such as climate change , global warming , environmental contamination or shortages of water and other vital natural resources , the advocates of Ponzi demography typically dismiss such concerns as unfounded and overblown .
And they claim there is no scientific basis , or they obliquely stress " innovation , " ingenuity and technological fixes as the only appropriate and workable solutions .
Many are complicit with Ponzi demography or at least tacitly support its goals .
Few politicians , for example , are able to resist promises of campaign financing , the appeal of increased numbers of supportive voters , prospects of increased tax revenues and the political backing of pro-natalist and pro-immigration lobbyists and special interest groups .
Many environmental groups are also reluctant to take up or even touch the volatile subject of population growth , especially those that have been burned on this issue in the past .
Such groups fear possibly offending some members and donors , which might undercut their organizations and efforts .
Despite its snake - oil allure of " more is better , " Ponzi demography 's advocacy for ever - increasing population growth is ultimately unsustainable .
Such persistent growth hampers efforts to improve the quality of life for today 's world population of nearly seven billion people as well as for future generations .
Moving gradually towards population stabilization , while not a panacea for the world 's problems , will make it far easier to address problems such as climate change , environmental degradation , poverty and development , human rights abuses and shortages of water , food and critical natural resources .
Fortunately , most couples around the world have chosen — or are in the process of choosing — to have a few children rather than many and to invest more in each child 's upbringing , education and future well - being .
Nations need to make the same vital transition with respect to their populations .
The sooner nations reject Ponzi demography and make the needed gradual transition from ever - increasing population growth to population stabilization , the better the prospects for all of humanity and other life on this planet .
My Tale of Two Cities is a funny and heartfelt Pittsburgh comeback story that tells the tale of a once great industrial giant which built America with its steel , conquered polio , and invented everything from aluminum to the Big Mac , which has now , like many cities across America , been challenged to reinvent itself .
This proves once and for all that you can go home again and that it is never too late to comeback .
" .... a story of comebacks , coming back and what a beautiful day in the neighborhood can mean . "
-- Barb Vancheri , Pittsburgh Post - Gazette
" A wry and funny tale about the fulfillment found in coming home ...
A cross between Woody Allen and Fred Rogers , ( Kurlander ) reminds us that our cities are the real " Real America " because they are the creative , connected places in which we can best renew ourselves , our country , and our hope for all humanity . " -- Howard Fineman , Newsweek
The SPECIAL EDITION DVD makes the perfect Pittsburgh present and is now available at WWW .
AMAZON.COM
Or just click here : www.shopwqed.org or call 800 274-1307 .
WATCH THE TRAILER HERE
" A movie that is timely , moving , and - above all - entertaining .
You can't get an entire city into therapy - but this film is the next best thing . " -- Mitch Teich , Milwaukee Public Radio
ABOUT THE MOVIE :
My Tale of Two Cities is an inspiring film about cities and people redefining their identities for a new age as told through the eyes of " St. Elmo 's Fire " screenwriter Carl Kurlander who moved back to the real - life " Mister Rogers Neighborhood " only to find both himself and Pittsburgh in mid-life crisis .
In an attempt to help his hometown while exploring with honesty and humor whether you can go home again , Kurlander tosses a football with Steeler legend Franco Harris and his son Dok , goes shopping in the Strip with Teresa Heinz Kerry , and asks everyone from his dermatologist to his first infatuation , the girl who inspired " St. Elmo 's Fire " , how Pittsburgh can once again become " The City of Champions . "
The result is a film which has charmed audiences in over 25 cities across North America .
Pin It
MY TALE OF TWO CITIES IN THE NEWS :
Watch this special conversation on WQED about Pittsburgh with Tale stars Franco Harris , Dok Harris , Paul O' Neill , Joanne Rogers , Pittsburgh Foundation President Grant Oliphant , and Michael Bartley Click here .
Read the " Thanks , Pittsburgh " Post - Gazette article Click here .
Read the Trib piece on " Tale " star Paul O' Neill Click here .
City Council Declares " My Tale of Two Cities " Day in Pittsburgh celebrating the " national attention " the film has received and how this " funny and hopeful film about coming home again ... addresses how people and communities going through tough times can redefine who they are . "
Tweet
< big > SEE WHAT EVERYONE HAS BEEN TALKING ABOUT :
F rom Windsor , Ontario , to Santa Fe , New Mexico to Capitol Hill , audiences in over 25 cities across North America cannot enough get of this funny and hopeful comeback story about coming home and people and cities reinventing themselves for a new age , " Tale " captures the timely , inspiring resurgence of the city of Pittsburgh - - the real life " Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood " -- while also exploring a more universal story about how we must confront our past in order to move on to our future .
" If you believe in miraculous comebacks , you 've got to catch this film . " -- Franco Harris , Hall of Fame Steeler
" A delightful , quirky , heartwarming film that is as funny as it is revealing ... " -- Don Roy King , director , " Saturday Night Live "
Email Marketing Director Kat Weiler at mytaleoftwocities@gmail.com for any questions about the movie .
To grab a beer , Israel Arrieta does n’t just stroll to the fridge ; he has to walk out his back door to the side of the house , where he pries a chicken - wire screen off a basement window and scrambles , crab position , down a wooden ladder .
Several minutes later , he emerges cradling half a dozen cool , dusty bottles of beer .
Arrieta , 27 , keeps his beer in the closest thing to a cave : the crawl space under his parents ’
North Pasadena house .
To test it out years ago , he crawled down on a 100 - degree afternoon holding a thermometer .
It read 60 degrees .
“ Light and temperature are going to be your enemies , ” Arrieta says .
“ But your worst enemy is going to be yourself .
That ’s why it ’s under there . ”
Arrieta cellars his beer — stouts , porters and strong ales that he says get better over the years , even decades .
He ransacks the cellar only twice a year .
Though cellaring beer has nowhere near the following that cellaring wine does , hundreds of beer fans in Southern California have begun amassing impressive collections of beers made to mature .
Turning basements , garages and bedroom closets into beer caves is the latest twist in L.A. 's growing beer culture — one that increasingly revolves around collecting , trading and , yes , waiting , with patience once ascribed only to wine drinkers .
Some of the collections cost several thousand dollars too .
This year alone , dozens of California brewers will release specialty beers that crank up the alcohol percentage and punch up the spices ( everything from figs to juniper berries ) to create flavors that age .
Many sit for months in the same oak casks used for whiskey , wine or brandy , earning followings among even Scotch drinkers .
Brands with names such as Decadence , Old Stock , Angel ’s Share and Consecration hit the market in small batches , only to be snatched up for private collections , as if they were Impressionist art .
Stone Brewing Co. in Escondido may brew the best - known , a series of annual beers called Vertical Epic , with each new release coming one year , one month and one day after the last .
The full flight is meant to be experienced , according to the brewers , in one sitting on Dec. 12 , 2012 .
Even Trader
Joe ’s has gotten in on the act .
The U.S. chain has contracted with well - respected Canadian brewery Unibroue since 2005 to make its Vintage Ale , the beer equivalent of its Two - Buck Chuck ( it ’s $ 4.99 a bottle ) .
Keeping beer in cellars has , of course , been done for centuries by Trappist monks and Europe ’s most serious taverns .
Even in the U.S. , traditional brewers have long used underground storage to “ lager ” their brews for months .
But aging beer for personal consumption is relatively new in the U.S. and particularly in Southern California , where basements , let alone caves , are hard to come by .
Tomm Carroll keeps 500 beers locked in a cement closet in the underground parking garage of his Culver City condo .
The 55 - year - old , who writes for the film industry , estimates he has spent $ 10,000 on his collection , which shares space with his neighbors ’ deflated mountain bikes and beach chairs .
Some of the rare specimens that date back to the ‘ 80s could fetch more than $ 100 a bottle on EBay .
He has an additional 200 bottles in the kitchen cupboard where his wife used to keep their oil and vinegar .
This year he started renting a temperature - controlled wine locker to handle the overflow .
The Carrolls like to age Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.'s Bigfoot
Ale , a hoppy , barley - wine - style beer that evolves over time thanks to its 11 % alcohol .
Carroll can tell you that Bigfoot Ale “ peaks ” at about 5 years old if it ’s matured properly in a dry , dark space kept around 55 degrees .
“ After that it does n’t mean it ’s not any good , it ’s just not as good , ” Carroll says .
He only knows because he keeps a log .
Carroll says cellaring beer , unlike wine , is an evolving hobby , with collectors still groping around to find the best vintages .
“ It ’s still young , this idea of aging beers . ”
Even brewers at Sierra Nevada were clueless at first , according to Bill Sysak .
The retired medic known in the beer community as “ Dr. Bill ” first stashed English ales under the bed when his father caught him drinking in the family ’s Garden Grove basement 34 years ago .
So , when Sysak had dinner with Sierra Nevada ’s founder Ken Grossman in the mid-1990s , he brought vintage bottles of Bigfoot Ale .
“ Ken said , ‘ Whoa , whoa , these are all supposed to be drunk fresh , ’ ” Sysak recalls .
“ I like to think that made him realize ” his beers could be aged .
Sysak keeps more than 1,000 bottles in a row of glass - door fridges built into his house .
But he ’s also stashed sour lambic - style beers in his bathroom cabinetand stouts in his bedroom closet .
His all - time favorite aged beer is a British ale called Thomas Hardy ’s that can be “ laid down ” for decades to gain Port , Madeira , sherry and Cognac notes .
Sysak has held tastings at which he poured every vintage from 1968 to 2003 in one sitting .
“ I ’ve seen that beer ride a roller coaster , ” says Sysak , who now works as beverage coordinator at Stone Brewing Co .
Not all beers get better , especially fizzier , fresher - tasting beers .
Forget most lagers and pilsners and pale ales , whose floral hoppiness can drop off , leaving a bitter , watery mess .
Beers that age well tend to be strong ( at least 6 % alcohol ) , dark in color and heavy on the malted grains , which grow toasty .
Collectors also look for unfiltered , bottle - conditioned ales , ones in which the brewer purposefully adds extra yeast at the end to foster fermentation .
Most beer experts are quick to point out all these rules , as well as one caveat : Just because a beer is heavy and dark does not mean it wo n’t poop out on you .
Since the pastime is still young , compared with , say , wine collecting , there ’s only one way to learn a beer ’s limits , collectors say :
Buy a case , treat it right , and drink it often .
Alen Mirzakhanyan , a Raytheon engineer from Glendale , does n’t have a cellar , so he re-wired two kitchen fridges to keep his beer at 55 degrees and installed beams to support the shelves from buckling under the weight of 400 bottles .
Some of them , such as Cantillon ’s Blabaer , made once a year for a cafe in Denmark , are impossible to find except by trading over the Internet with European collectors .
But he also takes time off from work to drive down to San Diego ’s Port Brewing or the Bruery in Placentia for special releases made for aging .
Although the Bruery restricted purchases of its recent barrel - aged stout , Black Tuesday , Mirzakhanyan traded to get a full case so he could watch it change .
“ The main point in aging is not just to have beer when it ’s old , but to see the progression , ” he says .
“ If you just age all the bottles for 10 years and drink them in a month , that does n’t make sense . ”
The discipline is part of what attracts people such as Arrieta , who sums up his hobby as “ not drinking everything just because you have it . ”
Scared of hoarding more than he can drink , Arrieta now looks for any special occasion to host tastings .
On a recent damp winter night , Arrieta clambered down the ladder with a flashlight .
He pawed through cardboard boxes making sure they kept dry on the dirt floor , and dusted off a cobalt bottle of Sam Adams Triple Bock , a maple syrup ale that ’s 17 % alcohol , bottled in 1997 .
He grabbed snifters .
The metal cap made no sound lifting off .
Sediment caked to the inside of the bottle hinted that the brew might have been past its prime .
It was perfectly still , yeasty and sweet , but also cloyingly salty , more like Kikkoman than a Boston lager .
Putting his own glass down after three sips , Arrieta said the beer was more malty than he remembered .
“ Do n’t feel like you have to drink it all , ” he said , moving on to the next bottle .
food@latimes.com
Your cat hates your baby and wants to kill it There ca n’t be many people who still believe that cats deliberately suffocate babies by sucking the breath out of them , but in case you ’re one of them , they do n’t .
That does n’t mean a sleeping cat could n’t accidentally suffocate a newborn baby ( there are a few documented cases ) , so it makes sense to keep the cat out of the baby ’s room for the first couple of months .
Photograph : Paul Kaye / Corbis
In a classic case of " why did n't we think of this first , " Chinese design student Gonglue Jiang has shown us a new way for overcoming the limitations imposed by the scarcity of USB ports on some computers .
Instead of forcing you to constantly hot swap devices into that one port , Gonglue 's Infinite USB plugs keep all your cables connected , thereby facilitating those smartphone syncs , spy camera recharges , and -- for the ultimate irony -- maybe even a USB hub .
If you 're thinking this would be brought down by a bout of bandwidth starvation once you start some USB multitasking , you 're probably right , but power shortages should n't be an issue as the author has also come up with an external power connector that joins into his Infinite chain of connectivity .
If only this was n't just a concept .
" I phoned my husband Calan but he thought I was joking .
He kept asking me to repeat what I was saying .
It was only that I was so upset that he realised I was not having him on , " she said .
How To Do Mankinis Like Kim Jong Un
LinkbaitGenerator.com
Headlines that readers can't resist singular subject plural subject
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A collapsible plug thought up by a London student has won the Design Museum Design Awards 2010 .
Min-Kyu Choi's ' The Folding Plug ' beat off competition from some of the biggest names in global design and architecture to be crowned winner .
It is set to go into production at the end of the year .
The designer explains how it works ...
Whether he ’s speaking about Afghanistan , health care , or the economy , President Obama begins each engagement by reminding America that the previous administration was an utter , abject failure .
Time and time again , he tells us how he inherited a set of problems worse than any president since FDR .
Everything that happened from 2000 to 2008 falls under attack , from the handling of 9/11 , to the missing WMD ’s and our failure to capture Bin Laden .
Whatever the issue , wherever he appears , more than a year into his administration , the wisest , most intelligent president of them all , Barack Obama , is still attacking George W. Bush in nearly every speech he gives .
So why then , when the going gets a little too tough for him , does Obama keep calling his predecessor for help ?
The begging began before Obama even took office , in November of 2008 , when President - elect Obama asked Bush to support the $ 25 billion automotive rescue package .
In January of 2009 , Obama went back to the well , asking Bush to press Congress for the release of the final $ 350 billion TARP funds .
It was an early sign that Obama ’s ability to get things done , and his sway within his own party , may have been vastly overstated .
Much to the chagrin of conservatives , Bush agreed to both requests , and pressed the legislative branch for the cash .
After taking office , President Obama thanked him by constantly informing us that TARP , and the auto bailouts , were policies enacted by the failed Bush administration .
Despite asking for them , Obama continues to act as if they ‘re nothing more than pieces of the baggage handed to him as he entered the White House .
After being sworn in , Obama continued campaigning against Bush at every opportunity .
His constant global apologies , the bowing , and the bogus humility , were designed to fix the damage caused by the former leader ’s roughshod ways .
Our president travels the world , painting a picture of America as a spoiled child , whining in the corner until getting its way or throwing an Iraq - style tantrum .
For the last eight years , Obama implies , a tyrannical American president ignored the wishes of the world , flaunted our power , and treated the planet as little more than a plaything .
One of the White House ’s stated goals is to “ repair America ’s image ” in the eyes of an international community fed up with our “ cowboy diplomacy . ”
Why then , when an earthquake leveled Haiti , did Obama pick up the phone and call that very cowboy for assistance ?
The president had Bill Clinton , the UN special envoy to Haiti , on his team .
There was no need to bring in Bush .
Yet there he was , front and center , ready to aid the administration and the Haitian people .
If , as Obama claims , Bush is so universally despised , why would he want him to be the face of such a massive relief effort ?
If he was so painfully inept , why put him at the center of a situation that could have meant life or death to tens of thousands ?
This week , the call went out again when the Northern Ireland peace process , begun 15 years ago under President Clinton , hit a snag .
David Cameron , the leader of the United Kingdom ’s Tory party , was threatening to hold the whole thing up .
Obama , who ’s snubbed England too many times to count , was apparently unable to do anything about it .
So , who did he ask for help ?
Was it his Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton ?
Was it the president who famously began the process ?
Neither .
It was , of course , George W. Bush .
At the behest of the White House , Bush called Cameron and urged him to support the peace process despite his reservations .
While the efficacy of the intervention remains to be seen , one has to wonder why President Obama ’s foreign policy team is unable to handle such problems themselves .
The left has spent years telling us how intelligent Secretary of State Clinton is yet , when push comes to shove , they call in the “ evil fascist , ” George W. Bush .
Why ?
Maybe it ’s because the last year has taught the administration a harsh lesson .
George Bush spent years being vilified by a national and global media , which unleashed its hatred at every opportunity .
He spent several years dealing with members of a liberal , Democrat - controlled Congress who , like the media , could not contain their derision .
Still , despite the opposition , he managed to pass the vast majority of his agenda .
Barack Obama has enjoyed more than a year with an unstoppable left - wing supermajority , strong public support , and a fawning , liberally biased media .
He was hailed across the globe as a breath of fresh air for both America and the nations of the world .
With all of the praise , and all of his allies , Obama has accomplished absolutely nothing .
Why does he call Bush ?
Obama calls
Bush because , as proven by a year of legislative and diplomatic impotence , he desperately needs the help of a president who knew how to get things done .
Robert Laurie writes a daily political commentary blog , The Robalution .
Robert holds a degree in English from Wayne State University , and has worked in advertising as a graphic designer and copy writer .
YOUR CHOICE OF CHEESE ON FRENCH OR WHEAT BREAD .
SIMPLY DELICIOUS !
Quinnipiac has a new poll out on the deficit .
The results may not surprise .
By more than a three - to - one margin , the public opposes " cutting the growth of spending " on Medicare or Social Security benefits , or any tax increase on the middle class .
What specific measure do they support ?
Raising taxes on the rich .
60 % of the public says we should raises taxes on households earning more than $ 250,000 a year .
72 % want to raise taxes on households earning more than $ 1 million .
Interestingly , 42 % of Republicans favor a tax hike on $ 250,000 households , and 56 % of them favor a tax hike on households earning over a million .
But zero percent of Republican elected officials in Washington favor this approach .
Indeed , the Republican Party 's current plans all involve large tax cuts for high - income households .
I 'm certainly not defending public opinion on the deficit .
Mathematically , raising taxes on the rich is n't going to do enough .
There will have to be entitlement cuts .
It 's just striking how far to the right the elite consensus is on this issue vis a vis public opinion .
Editor ’s note :
In this GlobalPost investigative report , Prague correspondent Iva Skoch gained rare access to one of Eastern Europe ’s most secretive industries , uncovering a world where shifting human sexuality meets rampant commercial demand .
It is an industry where global economic crisis mixes with the latest web technologies , set amid the upheavals of Eastern Europe ’s uneven transition from communism to a raw form of capitalism .
In this multimedia report , we examine the complex and interlocking pieces of Prague ’s booming gay porn business , from its roots in an American entrepreneur , to the cultural , moral and political foundations that make Prague a gay porn capital , as well as the economic necessities that drive many into the industry , and finally , the human toll it takes on workers .
It is intended solely for mature audiences .
PRAGUE , Czech Republic — Martin Justel is 20 , as old as the Czech democracy and , arguably , just as mature .
He is scrawny and too tall for his body mass .
He has a baby face , short auburn hair , long eyelashes and a vacant expression .
He looks hardly 18 but his eyes , blinking slowly , convey the gloom and servitude of somebody much older .
In the terminology of the American gay sexual marketplace , he is a classic “ twink , ” a thin , young , pretty boy .
He whispers “ hello ” as he tiptoes into the Prague film studio of William Higgins , 67 , an American producer and “ dean of gay porn ” who moved to Prague right after communism ended to corner the gay sex market , arriving around the same time two other bearded vanguards of capitalism — Santa Claus and Colonel Sanders — showed up to monopolize Christmas and fried chicken .
All three have found fertile ground here .
“ You can take off your clothes , ” says Rado Pauer , Higgins ’ cameraman , stage artist and translator , as he walks over to Justel to hand him half of a blue pill , which he swallows without question .
( Nightlife in Prague )
Justel knows the drill already .
This is , after all , his second time shooting gay erotic video .
The first time , he did a solo scene and found it to be an easy way to make money doing something he does for free at home anyway .
Today , he was supposed to do a twosome — for the first time in his life experiencing , let alone being filmed in , a sexual encounter with another man .
But his partner - to - be did n’t show up , for reasons the studio does n’t investigate .
It happens often .
Some men get cold feet , others get real jobs or — once they have a little experience in the business — find a better - paying studio and stop returning phone calls .
Nevertheless , Justel is here , naked but for a pair of white athletic socks with tiny Czech flags on them , sitting on the same couch where some two thousand men sat before him , some only once , others repeatedly .
At the end of the shoot , he will get cash in hand .
That 's all he can focus on .
He will use it to pay rent and take his girlfriend out for dinner .
Justel , after all , describes himself as 100 percent straight .
He is merely gay for pay .
Like the vast majority of the thousands of “ perfectly straight ”
Czech men performing in gay porn , he gets offended when asked whether he ever considered he might be gay .
He is , he insists , only doing it for the money .
Visibly timid , inexperienced and “ hetero , ” he caters perfectly to the sexual fantasies of those discerning consumers — primarily American gay men — looking to satisfy their appetites for homosexual pornography featuring straight men .
Gay men have always fetishized masculinity and seen straight guys as real guys , says Jeffrey Escoffier , the author of the book " Bigger Than Life : The History of Gay Porn Cinema from Beefcake to Hardcore " and a visiting scholar at the New York University Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality .
“ It ’s a marketing opportunity for producers , ” he says .
“ A large percentage of gay men see heterosexual men as more masculine than gay men . ”
According to Higgins , gay men want to see straight guys but imagine them as gay , which is partly why 90 percent of the Czech men he uses in his films are heterosexuals , or at least “ that 's what they like to call themselves . ”
Higgins also likes to recruit men who have typically never done porn or had sex with men before and market their inexperience as an asset , not a drawback .
To this day , he enjoys filming the first - timers , especially if they do n’t really like it .
He zooms in on their faces clenched in pain .
It makes it real , Higgins says .
He also prefers working with straight guys because they are not as picky about with whom they have sex .
“ If they are willing to do it with a guy , they ’ll do it with any guy .
It ’s a job , ” he says .
“ We have one gay guy who always dictates who he ’s going to do it with .
I ’d much rather work with straight guys . ”
Gay porn : the numbers
Gay video sales and rentals represent a disproportionately large segment of the $ 10 billion to $ 12 billion global porn industry , up to one - third or even one - half , by some estimates , writes Joe A. Thomas in " Gay Male Video Pornography : Past , Present , and Future . "
Thomas , an art history professor at Kennesaw State University who frequently writes about sexuality and representation , estimates that the small countries of Czech Republic and Slovakia are now the second largest hubs of gay porn , after the U.S. , which alone — according to different producers — makes up about half of the global gay porn market .
Straight men work in American gay porn , too , but not in such large percentages .
According to Rod Barry , a former marine - turned - porn - star , straight porn actors in the U.S. earn about $ 400 for a scene .
In gay porn it is three , five , or even eight times that amount .
But globalization has changed the wage structure of the porn industry .
In Eastern Europe , men are willing to do porn for a lot less .
“ That ’s the downfall of the business , " Barry says .
" The cheap guys from Europe flood the market with crap product . "
Exactly how much gay porn is produced in Prague is impossible to estimate .
Much of it is now done by opportunistic amateurs with cheap webcams at home , their apartments dressed up as massage parlors or photography salons .
Some 15 large and midsize gay porn production studios operate in the Czech Republic .
Bel Ami/ BAO , Ayor , AVI Films / Staxus and William Higgins are among the most visible names on American video store shelves and among them release a new DVD almost every day .
They also post hundreds of sex scenes online weekly .
In American gay sexshops , customers can find DVD titles such as “ Inside Prague , ” “ Czech Up : Medical Fantasies , ” “ An American in Prague , ” or , the most anticipated Bel Ami title of 2010 , “ Five Americans in Prague . ”
Higgins releases one new DVD for retail sales and three DVDs for the online streaming companies each month .
He also posts 13 main video scenes , 12 casting videos and two backstage videos every week online .
AVI Films release up to three videos a month .
Other producers , such as Michael Lucas , outsource their American productions here from time to time because , as he says , there is plenty of talent , both on the modeling side and on the cinematography side .
Moreover , the production costs are about a third cheaper than in the United States .
In the gay community worldwide , Prague has a reputation of being an extremely liberal city , even though there are no gay neighborhoods , no blatant “ out and proud ” storefront signs or rainbow flags , and seeing gay men holding hands is rare outside the dark , underground gay bars , most of which cater to tourists .
It is , nonetheless , a city in which , according to Higgins , “ sex is not a big deal , ” and where categories of gay , straight or bisexual — the way they are understood in the United States — cease to carry much meaning as thousands of men like Justel insist that homosexual behavior , whether on - or off - screen , does not make one gay or even bisexual .
Martin Justel .
( Iva Skoch / GlobalPost )
A few months ago , Justel was unemployed and looking for a job .
Paging through the help - wanted section of a newspaper , he noticed an ad for modeling .
He came to the casting call of Higgins ' studio and learned that modeling was a euphemism for performing in porn .
Those working in the adult film business are always called models , not actors , no matter whether they merely pose naked or engage in an orgy with a dozen other men .
Justel was selected as “ model material , ” and he was flattered .
Mainly , though , he needed the money .
His girlfriend also liked the idea of him earning extra cash in porn .
Engaging in sex with men does n’t make her jealous because it is all about “ just sex , not attraction , ” he explains .
“ She would mind if I did it with women . ”
Inside the porn factory
William Higgins has short white hair , a beard and silver - framed glasses .
Typically dressed in khakis and a photographer ’s vest , he looks more like Ernest Hemingway than a gay porn purveyor .
Higgins , an Oklahoma native who went to a Christian school , says he is “ very Catholic ” about casting men for his films .
They can be 18 or 35 , as long as they are good .
With that said , he rejects about 80 percent of them , typically for “ not having the look ” — too ugly or misshapen — or , more importantly , not being able to perform under pressure .
The orange bedroom .
( Iva Skoch / GlobalPost )
An ornate 19th - century residential building in Prague 's quaint Ujezd neighborhood provides a picturesque setting for Higgins ' headquarters .
His studio , offices , living quarters and the gay club , Drakes , are all here .
Each wall of the studio is painted a different color , from soft beige to deep blue , allowing each to appear like a new locale on camera .
An assortment of cheap furniture and plastic plants is stacked in a corner , ready to be mixed and matched with drapery and sheets of nondescript , abstract patterns that give the space a slightly exotic , if outdated , Eastern European look .
Before each shoot , the cameraman Rado Pauer , takes care of legalities , namely U.S. Code , Title 18 , sec. 2257 , which mandates record - keeping for those producing sexually explicit media sold in the United States .
Martin Justel , like all models , must hold his ID next to his face and is photographed to prove he is 18 or older and that he is who he says he is .
Not that Martin Justel is his real name .
It ’s a stage name the studio assigned to him to protect his privacy .
Names are created randomly .
Geoff Cooper , Higgins ’ manager , sometimes pulls up an online list of the most popular names in Moldova and combines them either with descriptive Czech adjectives , such as “ Chlupaty " ( hairy ) or “ Dlouhy " ( long ) , for last names or uses random , vaguely Czech - sounding names such as Justel .
Today 's show is filmed with three digital cameras , two for later editing , and a third for live broadcast on the Higgins website , marketed as “ Backstage ” footage from the shoot .
Regular viewers from all over the world watch the footage live and provide their anonymous , real - time verdicts .
“ Tell us about yourself , ” says Pauer , in Czech , as he starts filming .
“ I am from Prague … I work as a waiter …
My biggest hobby is my girlfriend , ” Justel says .
“ I am happy … We have been together for three quarters of a year . ”
“ What about sex ? ” asks Pauer , getting a close - up of his face .
“ Yeah , we have sex twice , sometimes three times a day , " Justel says .
He pauses and enthusiastically delivers what sounds like a rehearsed line : “ Today I am here to do a shoot . ”
Justel has swallowed the Viagra , but the pill presents the unfortunate side effect of turning his face and ears red .
Viagra tends to increase circulation in the entire body , not just where it counts .
As a result , many studios prefer to use prostaglandin shots , such as Caverject , injected directly into the erectile tissues of the penis .
That causes immediate effect , without having to worry about the unattractive , Viagra - flushed faces on film .
Beginners , however , are often afraid of the needle .
The harsh glare and heat of the bright lights contrasts with the monasterial silence in the studio , interrupted only by the occasional instruction barked by a camera man ( “ Make it seem like you are enjoying it ” ) and the sporadic bursts of female moaning coming from the computer Justel is watching .
Even now , as he watches a female porn star on the screen , his eyes blink slowly and his expression is blank .
All eyes in the studio are on him —
Cooper manning one camera while taking stills , two cameramen filming from different angles , and a reporter taking notes .
Not to mention the mysterious online community watching him live from the U.S. , Greece , Australia and other places .
“ Good work , ” says Pauer after capturing the final shot .
“ You can wash up now . ”
Justel showers , gets dressed and pockets his wage : 3,000 Czech crowns ( $ 168 ) , the going rate for solo work .
Duals pay almost twice as much .
Will he do it again ?
“ I ’ll see .
Maybe I ’ll find a job and I wo n’t be back , ” he says .
If the shoot , the cash , and the compliments ( even if it ’s only in online chat rooms for now ) are as addictive as other models say , he ’ll be back .
The other “ Velvet Revolution ”
Twenty years ago , the Velvet Revolution , named for its nonviolent protests that helped bring down the communist government , marked the end of totalitarianism in Czechoslovakia .
In 1993 , the country peacefully split into Czech Republic and Slovakia in the so - called “ Velvet Divorce . ”
Since then , the Czech Republic has gradually become one of the epicenters of world porn production , again with serenity and without protests , this time with velvet used more often for upholstery than symbolism .
Both the Czech Republic and Hungary became major sources of world porn production .
Prague became known as the capital of gay porn , while Budapest kept most of the straight porn business .
Although homosexuality was decriminalized in Czechoslovakia in 1961 — before Germany or Great Britain legalized it — the gay community was thoroughly underground under communism .
The few clubs and baths where gays gathered were under surveillance by the secret police .
Classified advertisements to meet persons of the same sex were banned by the Communist Party because they alleged a correlation with criminal activity .
It was illegal to produce porn , hetero - or homosexual , in communist Czechoslovakia .
For reasons of political repression under the Soviet - controlled regime there were strict regulations on cameras , camcorders or any other recording equipment .
But porn was a popular commodity to smuggle in from abroad , copy , trade or sell on the black market .
When communism ended , it was only a matter of time before somebody filled the hunger for porn by using local talent .
William Higgins fit that bill .
William Higgins .
( Nora Stribrna / GlobalPost )
With 14 years in the porn industry already behind him , he left the U.S. in 1980s , when the AIDS epidemic struck and made the American gay porn business a depressing place to be .
He moved his operations to Amsterdam .
When Higgins first visited Prague , he was amazed by how easy it was to get men to have sex .
“ I picked up a hitchhiker once and asked , ‘ Hey , you want to have sex for $ 60 ? ’ ” says Higgins .
“ He said , ‘ OK . ’
It was that easy . ”
He started a business in Prague , first the club , Drakes , and then a recording studio .
He found it was much easier to recruit models in Prague than in Amsterdam .
Unemployed Dutch men and students got generous state benefits and thought twice about “ plastering their asses all over the screen ” for extra cash .
Czechs did n’t have those hang - ups .
Moreover , “ Czechs would do it anyway , ” he says , even with generous state benefits .
They are entrepreneurial , he says , “ always looking to make an extra buck . ”
Higgins is articulate and opinionated , and says he reads nine newspapers in the morning ( The New York Times to get Israel 's point of view , The Guardian for the Arab view ) .
In addition to the latest gossip about Prague 's gay porn scene , on his blog Higgins can't resist making frequent political statements : “ I believe the great majority of folks who call Obama a Socialist would n’t know a Socialist if he bit him in the ass . "
Outside of the blog , Higgins keeps a low profile in Prague .
The Oklahoman learned quickly that Czechs will stay out of your business if you do n't get in their faces .
With Buddy and Aida ( his two retrievers ) in tow , Higgins sits down at his favorite restaurant around the corner from the studio .
The waiter automatically brings him hot chocolate and a shot of espresso .
The waiter , Higgins mentions , once modeled for him .
Walking around Prague 's Mala Strana neighborhood with Higgins and his dogs , one gets the idea that everybody in this town has worked in gay porn , or soon will .
He even recruited the presidential palace guards — uniforms and all — for one of his films in 2003 .
Economic crisis and porn
Lately , Higgins has seen a surge in the number of men interested in modeling .
It must be the economy , he says .
More than 30 men a week knock on his door .
“ We have also had a lot more Ukrainians , ” he says , adding that immigrant laborers have been laid off from their construction jobs and now must look for other work .
Czech unemployment has nearly doubled from 5.3 percent in late 2008 — when manual labor shortage forced the country to lure guest workers here from poorer countries like Ukraine or Mongolia .
Because the construction and automotive industries have suffered greatly in the global economic crisis , factories have cut thousands of jobs and 80,000 guest laborers lost their work permits by June 2009 .
The Czech government , under increasing pressure to keep citizens employed , offered to pay the guest workers 500 euros and a free air ticket to motivate them to return home .
But most workers , especially those from Ukraine , with their homeland near economic and political collapse chose to weather the storm here .
Consequently , gay and straight porn studios in the Czech Republic have been reporting record numbers of participants at their casting calls in the past year .
But not everyone points to the weaker economy as the reason straight men enter gay porn .
Bohumil Dolezal , a former Czech dissident , says that although the country now has freedom , it does n’t yet have a firm moral standard .
The problem is that , after communism , “ all constraints and values fell , ” he says .
“ And now , the society is rotten with pigs . ”
On the website CzechBoys.com , Czech - Canadian owner Pavel Rada offers his own explanation .
“ Part of it comes from an incredibly open minded culture , and part of it comes from the after - affects [ sic ] of 40 years of communism , but you wo n’t find 100 % str8 [ sic ] boys anywhere in the world that will drop there [ sic ] pants as fast as a CzechBoys model when he knows there ’s a ‘ reward ’ for his efforts ! ” he writes .
Simple economics is also playing a role .
While the supply of Czech gay porn is plentiful , it is merely meeting strong demand .
Higgins estimates that 80 percent of his customers are in English - speaking countries , primarily in the U.S. , because Americans are used to paying for porn , while everyone else just downloads it for free .
Steve Shay , a producer from Citiboyz , a central Illinois - based studio that distributes the films of the studio Czech Boys , asserts that porn is in high demand in the U.S. because Americans are so religious .
“ There is a lot of engrained repression in this country , ” he says , arguing that Americans would n’t need as much porn if sex was n’t stigmatized .
“ The anti-porn movement here is actually making porn more popular . ”
Every time protest groups announce an anti-porn - month initiative in the Midwest , Shay says to himself : “ Great , I ’ll sell more . ”
The prince of " Twinkopolis "
Alan Capier , an AVI Films porn star and cameraman , who has also performed under the names Felix Wallace , Alan Clarke , Filip Nowotny and Pavel Vlasek , among others , has been in the business for almost six years .
He 's worked for Higgins , Eurocreme , Man ’s Art and others .
He has been with more than 600 men and appeared in more than 100 hardcore films .
As an openly gay man , Capier is a rarity on the Prague market and one of the few who can perform without erection - enhancing drugs .
“ It ’s practice , like anything else , ” he says .
Over svarak , a popular wintertime drink of spicy red mulled wine in a cafe across from the gay club Valentino , Capier talks about his career in porn openly and enthusiastically .
Alan Capier .
( Nora Stribrna / GlobalPost )
“ Others hide it , but not me .
I am an exhibitionist , ” he says .
Capier , whose real name is Marek Tomsu , says he has no secrets .
His family knows about his career , and they are fine with it as long as he promises to be careful about his health .
Being in the bareback business , he is careful by getting tested once a month .
Although he has never had sex with an HIV - positive man that he knows of , he has encountered models with syphilis and he sees others with chlamydia and genital herpes regularly .
Like virtually all the men in gay porn here , Capier is uncircumcised , which customers in the U.S. find exotic , and like most other Czech models , he looks younger than his age , 26 .
Prague , after all , has been nicknamed Twinkopolis for producing some of the best such talent in the world , popular primarily among older , Western gay men .
Capier has soft features , brown , shaggy hair with blond highlights , immaculate peach skin and smart , green eyes .
He speaks rapidly , with a pleasant smile , and jumps from topic to topic with an elegant giddiness , frequently adjusting his hair and touching his nose .
He was a paramedic in his home town Olomouc , in Moravia , when he posted nude pictures of himself on a gay matchmaking website .
The scouts of AVI Films saw his pictures , they contacted him with an offer to come to Prague and “ do some photos . ”
When Capier arrived , he found out it would be a sex scene with two other guys , with him playing the “ passive role . ”
The director giggled and said his fellow model was a “ 25/6 , ” referring to his impressive anatomy in centimeters .
That meant almost 10 inches long , and two and a half inches in diameter .
“ I said ‘ no , I ca n’t manage that ’ and the director laughed and said ‘ yes , you can . ’
And I did , ” Capier says .
“ I got 13,500 crowns ( $ 675 ) cash and went back home . ”
Those were the golden days .
Back then , when the internet did n’t offer as much free material and models were n't so easy to find , Capier made as much as 130,000 crowns a month ( $ 7,303 ) , more than 10 times as much as he earned as a paramedic .
But he was one of the highest earners in the porn business .
Most models never dreamed of making more than $ 2,000 monthly .
Still , it was a nice income , often for no more than three actual days of work a month .
Those days are over .
There is too much competition now .
Some of Capier 's fellow models are students , many of whom get used to making a lot of money quickly and then have a hard time quitting .
They get used to spending lavishly and buying generous gifts for their girlfriends .
Capier says he has seen models quit school because they no longer saw the point .
“ Today , they have nothing .
They are too old to shoot , ” he says .
“ It ’s all gone .
The nice hotels , the fans .
All gone . ”
Most of them end up doing escort work , a polite term for prostitution .
Life with an alter ego
The majority of the Czech gay porn models , especially the occasional models , have regular day jobs and girlfriends .
Some are married .
There are college and high - school students , bartenders or unemployed .
It ’s not unusual to see cops , firemen and nurses .
They typically keep their porn alter - egos secret .
Producers pledge confidentiality to the young Czech men cast in the movies , but it is becoming increasingly difficult to hide their real identities online .
Producers promise not to sell any of the movies in the Czech Republic , but ca n’t force their distributors to do the same .
Producers block their websites from access from inside the Czech Republic , but easy - to - use online anonymizers will let anyone access any website .
A few Czech models have been recognized and “ outed ” this way to the utter shock of their friends and families .
One such case involved a Czech Big Brother reality show finalist named Filip Trojovsky , or rather Tommy Hansen , his nom du porn .
An astute television viewer recognized him as a Bel Ami porn star .
Once identified as Tommy Hansen , it took only a couple of days before a local tabloid published explicit photos from the DVD .
The families of both of the models found out that day what their sons actually did in their “ modeling ” careers through media .
Trojovsky was forced to come clean about his career in porn , but he has fervently denied any claims he might be gay .
Most of the Czech porn business operates underground , without the locals realizing the extent of the industry .
From that standpoint , it reflects primarily the country 's pragmatic and conservative , rather than liberal , values .
It is an environment in which having sex with men is something one does for money , not pleasure .
Hence models have little reason to ask themselves the soul - searching questions : " Why am I really doing this ?
How is it possible that I have an erection being with a guy ?
Am I , perhaps , attracted to this guy ? "
This fundamental discrepancy is sometimes attributed to the popularity of using drugs , especially ecstasy and pervitin ( the Czech version of crystal meth ) among male sex workers .
Drugs can also lower inhibitions enough to make models more willing to engage in risky behavior , such as agreeing to film bareback , or without a condom .
Higgins says the current Czech trend reminds him of what was happening in the U.S. in the 1980s , when everyone was doing drugs , which led the country into what he calls the “ AIDS mess ” because people were willing to do anything .
“ Maybe it ’s the same thing here now , ” he says .
AIDS : the dark side of porn
After the AIDS epidemic in the U.S. , almost all gay porn producers began shooting porn with condoms .
But in the last few years , demand for bareback porn has skyrocketed and , naturally , so has supply .
Because most American studios still refuse to film without condoms , Czech studios have been quick to fill the lucrative demand niche .
Most Czech studios have switched from condom work to bareback , justifying it by low HIV rates in the country .
While America sees disease risk as a widespread problem , only 150 Czechs were diagnosed with HIV in 2008 , compared to Russia where some 940,000 people have the disease .
But Czech HIV rates are on the rise , and recent reports by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control claim they are underestimated by at least 20 percent .
Chip White , a California - based producer of gay porn from 18 West Studios , has committed to shoot only with condoms , and continues to hope — rather unrealistically , as he puts it — that all studios will agree to stop producing bareback films , particularly in the twink genre .
People are told that bareback is risky , “ that it 's hot , that it 's more exciting and thrilling , and so they want it , ” says White .
Month after month , in the top 50 videos at JRL , a gay adult film industry sales chart , bareback films typically outsell the most popular films in which condom use is the standard .
Consequently , most of the films produced in the Czech Republic carry titles such as “ Barebacking Prague , ” “ Raw Courage , BSI : Prague — Bareback Sex Investigation , ” “ Raw Meat ” or “ Bareback Buddies . ”
The only two major studios in the Czech Republic refusing to go the bareback route are Bel Ami and William Higgins .
Barebacking — on and off screen — has been slowly getting more popular since 1996 , when protease inhibitors became available as a treatment for HIV patients and the diagnosis stopped terrifying people , says Christian Grov , assistant professor at the Department of Health and Nutrition Sciences at Brooklyn College .
“ HIV is no longer viewed as a death sentence , ” says Grov .
“ It ’s more of a lifelong sentence . ”
Back in Higgins ’ studio , Rado Pauer , the cameraman , is getting ready for another shoot in " the porn factory , " as he and his colleague Boris call the studio .
They shoot every day up to five times .
Both are ex-models , who worked themselves up from the screen to the other side of the camera .
Pauer , 24 , originally from Slovakia , is built like a swimmer , all upper body .
He wears glasses and a red Adidas track suit , an outfit reminiscent of the early post - communist days .
With his wide , shy smile , and adolescent blond haircut with bangs , he resembles a tech geek more than a retired porn star .
His story begins much like the others .
He moved to Prague when he was 19 and saw an ad for male modeling offering “ lucrative , long - term work with an American photographer . ”
Higgins and his team snapped a few pictures of him and asked if he wanted to do a shoot with another man .
“ I said ‘ absolutely not , ’ ” says Pauer , a devout Christian .
Then , he changed his mind .
He badly wanted the money , being employed in a Skoda car factory where he worked 12 - hour shifts for barely $ 600 a month .
Higgins was offering that kind of money for four hours of work .
“ During the first shoot , I just kept thinking , ‘ Is this right ?
Nobody raised me to do this . ’
I kept imagining my friends and what they would say , ” he says .
The overwhelming feeling of guilt subsided with time and experience , but never enough for him to tell his family or friends , even after four years working with Higgins and others .
To this day , everyone back in Pauer 's home town thinks he is some sort of photographer in Prague .
“ God , I was so naive , ” he says , putting his face in his hands .
“ I had no idea how it all worked . ”
" A train you can't get off of . "
Having worked on the other side of the business , he now understands .
“ It always starts with ads for modeling and goes slowly from there , ” he says .
When a guy shows up , he is always told it ’s nude modeling .
Some guys leave right away , some will stay .
A producer will tell them they could get more money if they did solo masturbation .
Some think about it and accept .
Then even more money if they do a sex scene with another guy .
It progresses slowly , but “ you wake up and realize you are on a train that you ca n’t get off of . ”
Or , even before that happens , the producer might say “ they no longer need you because you are old news . ”
In porn , everyone is always looking for the next thing , the new guy .
Porn is fantasy .
People do n’t want to keep seeing the same faces and bodies .
The models want to know what ’s next and , usually , end up as escorts and hustlers .
Pauer was approached by a man online looking for a boy to rent .
“ Selling a body is selling a body , ” he says to justify why he agreed to meet him .
But the consistent stretching of morality can get dangerous , as he found out .
He did something he had never done before — agreeing to have unprotected sex with the customer .
It turned out to be the biggest mistake of his life .
“ Afterward , he told me he was HIV - positive , ” Pauer said .
“ I fell to the ground . ”
It ’s been two years since the incident and Pauer is still HIV - negative .
He believes God saved him .
He keeps showing up for work , partly because Higgins and his crew are his family now .
He even lives in the studio building , rent - free .
He tried to leave the business once , but felt drawn back to the studio .
Every day he sees men in a position similar to his when he first walked through the door , men with reservations about gay porn but hoping to make lots of money .
They are willing to work hard , but hard work is not always the magic formula when it comes to the forces of demand .
“ We do n’t tell them they might only be here once , ” he says .
“ Most of them only come once , twice or maybe three times , and then we do n’t need them anymore . ”
All they might ever make in gay porn is the $ 150 they made the first time , yet the evidence of their brief career will be online forever .
And sure enough , a week after his second solo shoot Martin Justel walked back into the studio .
Higgins teamed him with Tomas Bayer , a model wearing leather straps on his chest .
A tattoo spelling “ fight ” is inked on the top of his left hand .
The behind - the - scenes video showed Justel and Bayer sitting next to each other , heads turned to the right , eyes transfixed on the screen showing straight porn .
Justel was then instructed to stand with his face to the wall .
Behind him , Bayer held his narrow hips and slapped him with each thrust .
Justel closed his eyes firmly and bit his lip , his skinny legs rocking with each movement .
In a few moments , it was over .
A day later , Higgins posted a blog entry , depicting Justel ’s loss of man- on - man virginity .
“ I do n’t think he knew what hit him .
He certainly took it like a man , ” Higgins writes .
“ I do n’t think I mentioned : Martin has a face like an angel . ”
Iva R. Skoch is a freelance writer who splits her time between New York and Prague .
Her articles have been published in Newsweek.com , Slate , TimeOut Prague , AOL and other publications .
She was a staff writer at the Prague Post and regularly writes for the Czech magazine Reflex .
She ’s currently traveling around the world , crashing weddings and writing a book about marriage in different cultures .
( CNN ) --
When a rare form of cancer invaded Joseph Casias ' nasal cavity and his brain , his doctor prescribed marijuana to help alleviate the daily pain .
Casias lives in Michigan , where medical marijuana is legal .
But his employer , Wal - Mart , the nation 's largest retailer , fired him in November 2009 after he failed a drug test .
Casias , 29 , says he never came to work high .
He 's got a medical marijuana card to prove he 's allowed to smoke legally in the state .
" I was angry they did this to me because I always tried my best , " said Casias , who was employed at Wal - Mart for five years .
He earned an Associate of the Year award in 2008 .
" I want my job back .
I thought I was part of the Wal - Mart family . "
To date , 14 states have laws allowing the use of medical marijuana , which shield legal users from criminalization but do n't protect them from them penalties enforced by their employers .
As more people are being prescribed marijuana across the nation , they are wrestling with a caveat :
They could be fired .
Health.com : Medicinal marijuana by state
Without laws defending medical marijuana users from employers ' drug policies , Casias and a growing number of medical marijuana users are being let go from their jobs , says Keith Stroup on the legal counsel team of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
He said his office , headquartered in Washington , receives about 300 e-mails and phone calls a year from medical marijuana users who have been fired or had job offers rescinded because of a failed drug test .
" Usually they talk about how they have lost their job , " Stroup said .
" And I tell them there 's not a thing they can do about it . "
There is no national estimate of how many medical marijuana users are at risk of being fired -- or of not being hired -- for using the drug as part of their treatment .
Many employees , who have been fired for using doctor - prescribed pot , often remain quiet because they fear the stigma or threat losing their next job opportunity .
In California , the first state to legalize medical marijuana , 37,000 medical marijuana cards have been authorized since 2004 .
In Michigan , where Casias lives , the Department of Community Health reports about 10,800 people have medical marijuana cards .
Michigan is an at - will employment state , which means employers can terminate a worker for any reason except for being in a federally protected class such as race , gender and religion .
But medical marijuana users are not considered a protected group .
If a company has zero - tolerance drug policies , then they can fire someone who uses medical marijuana , attorneys say .
Labor law experts say most states operate this way , unless the employee has a specific employment contract that makes exceptions for medical marijuana use .
In 2008 , the California Supreme Court backed up employers , ruling a private company could fire an Air Force veteran whose doctor prescribed him marijuana for his chronic and disabling back pain .
The veteran was hired by a telecommunications company but fired several weeks after he tested positive for marijuana .
The landmark case has many medical marijuana users fretting about their employment prospects , legal experts say .
But Michigan may be an exception to most states .
Part of Michigan 's law , passed in 2008 , does address employers , saying a patient carrying a medical marijuana card cannot be " denied any right or privilege " by a " business or occupational or professional licensing board . "
Some attorneys say Michigan 's law could be fertile grounds for a discrimination suit .
Casias has n't decided whether he will pursue a lawsuit .
Some attorneys say Wal - Mart acted within legal bounds in Casias ' termination .
Although some states have legalized medical marijuana , the federal government still bans the drug .
Many employers like Wal - Mart argue they are following federal guidelines .
" It 's just an unfortunate situation all around , " said Greg Rossiter , a Wal - Mart spokesman .
" We are sympathetic to Mr. Casias condition , but like other companies we have to consider overall safety of our customers and associates , including Mr. Cassias , when making a difficult decision like this . "
James Shore , a labor attorney in Washington who represents employers , says companies are afraid medical marijuana users may perform their job while impaired .
" The key thing for employers is to make sure they review their drug testing and human resources policies from top to bottom , " Shore said .
" They need to make a companywide decision and be consistent about it . "
Dr. Lester Grinspoon , a professor emeritus at Harvard Medical School , explained the impairment issue :
The high from marijuana usually disappears after a few hours .
For patients , who medicate with marijuana frequently , they build a higher tolerance against impairment .
Casias said he never smoked right before his shifts .
He had been using medical marijuana for about four months before he failed the drug test .
The debate on whether employers can fire medical marijuana users comes at a time when more states are expected to legalize medical marijuana .
At least 16 states are considering the legalizing medical marijuana during this legislative session , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Even states once considered to be conservative on drug policies , such as Kansas and Alabama , are reconsidering .
The push toward legalizing medical marijuana is gaining clout .
Last fall , the American Medical Association asked the federal government to review the classification of marijuana and move the drug into a less restrictive category .
The AMA has not taken a position on supporting states that have legalized medical marijuana .
A state lawmaker in Colorado this week wants to draft a law that would allow veterans suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder to access medical marijuana with a doctor 's permission .
Jonathan Hogue , 27 , believes the workplace should allow for legalized medical marijuana use .
The Portland , Oregon , resident suffers from arthritis and relies on marijuana to ease his back pain .
A physician wrote a prescription for him , he says , but a few months ago a nursing job offer was rescinded because of his medical marijuana use .
CNN contacted the private nursing company but did not get a response .
" It 's straight discrimination , " Hogue said .
" I was trying to be completely honest with them about not trying to hide it because it 's not illegal . "
Supporters of medical marijuana also argue prescription drugs such as Oxycodone can be just as dangerous and widely abused .
" If you are a medical marijuana user , you 're treated like a drug addict or a second - class citizen , " said Douglas Hiatt , a labor attorney in Seattle , Washington , where medical marijuana is legal .
He 's encountered dozens of medical marijuana patients who have lost jobs .
" What other medicine out there causes this much trouble ? "
Trouble is what Joseph Casias , a father who needs to support his family , is facing after Wal - Mart let him go .
He 's already accrued $ 10,000 of debt from unpaid medical bills .
Living on unemployment checks , he constantly worries whether his cancer will get worse since he can no longer afford treatment .
This month , a group of supporters have come to his side , holding rallies and forming a Facebook group " Let Joseph Casias Talk . "
Casias is thankful for all the support , but ultimately , he said , he just wants his job back .
YES !
Oh , we 're on TV.
No Audio
Forum Jump
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions
Who 's Online Search Forums Forums Home Welcome to ISF Welcome !
International Skeptics Other Skeptical Organizations JREF Skeptical Events TAM Scholarship Auction Reference The Repository Forum Newsletters Book Reviews Forum Spotlight General Topics General Skepticism and The Paranormal Science , Mathematics , Medicine , and Technology Education Economics , Business and Finance History , Literature , and the Arts Religion and Philosophy Conspiracies and Conspiracy Theories 9/11 Conspiracy Theories USA Politics Non-USA & General Politics Social Issues & Current Events Trials and Errors Computers and the Internet Conjuror 's Corner Members Only Forum Community
In memoriam ...
Humor Hobbies , DIY and Interests Movies , TV , Music , Computer Gaming , and other Entertainment Puzzles Sports Archive Old TAM Auction Threads
“ The Supreme Court stopped the video ! ” A wave rolled through the crowd of media waiting for the doors to open on the first day of the gay marriage trial .
The defendants , the coalition that sponsored the prohibition on gay marriage , had gotten the Supreme Court to stop the public from seeing the biggest public trial of the decade .
This re-enactment is as close as you ’re going to get .
In the beginning this first day , the lawyers , long - time conservative turned gay rights advocate , Ted Olson , representing the gay men and lesbians who want to marry , and long - time conservative , Charles Cooper , representing the sponsors of the anti-same - sex marriage measure , make their opening arguments .
Seemingly taking renowned counsel by surprise , Judge Vaughn Walker interrupts both plaintiffs ’ and defendants ’ set pieces repeatedly to ask probing questions .
“ What if California just got out of the marriage business altogether ? ” he asks Olson .
“ How does letting gay people marry harm the institution of marriage ” ?
he throws at Cooper .
Then , for the first time in federal legal history , a gay person , Plaintiff Jeffrey Zarrillo , tells his story .
Zarrillo and his would - be spouse , Paul Katami relate their eminently respectable jobs , their realization that they were and always would be gay , their romance and their desire to marry .
The lesbian plaintiffs , Kristin Perry , a child protection specialist with the state , and her partner , Sandra Stier , do the same .
Jeffrey describes Paul as “ the love of my life ” ( p 79 , line 20 - 21 ) and Kristin Perry described attending a high school football game : “ and we went up the bleachers and we were greeted with these smiling faces of other parents sitting there waiting for the game to start .
And I was so acutely aware that I thought , they are all married and I ’m not . ” ( p. 155 , line 25 through p. 156 , line 3 ) .
Paul Katami , voice cracking audibly , revealed why he struggles , constantly trying to “ validate ” himself : “ I ’m a proud man .
I ’m proud to be gay . ”
The impact of Katami ’s statement on a courtroom packed with lawyers and media , many straight and familiar with the concept of pride , was palpable .
All the plaintiffs testified that they were offended and hurt by the campaign for Proposition 8 , particularly the implication that they were a threat to children .
In the only cross of the day , defendants ’ lawyer presses Paul Katami to admit that parents should be left alone to teach children what to think about homosexuality in general and same - sex marriage in particular .
The day ends with the plaintiffs ’ first expert , Nancy Cott , an histor who had left the highest status job at Yale to go to Harvard .
Cott , and expert in the history of American marriage , testifies about how marriage was always a vehicle for the government to ensure that two adults are committed to caring for one another , but that within that frame , marriage changed enormously over the centuries .
Wis. man who created Spaghetti Os dies
DELRAN , N.J. -- The Campbell Soup Co. executive who was behind the enduring brands Spaghetti Os and Chunky Soup has died .
Donald Goerke was 83 .
A Campbell spokesman confirmed that Goerke died of heart failure Sunday at his home in Delran in southern New Jersey .
Goerke was marketing research director of Campbell 's Franco - American line in the early 1960s when his group started dreaming up pasta in shapes that would appeal to kids .
He chose the o's .
They were marketed with the unforgettable tagline , " Uh-oh , Spaghetti Os . "
Later , he helped introduce Chunky Soup , a hearty ready - to - serve soup that stood out from the company 's traditional line of condensed soups .
The Waukesha , Wis. , native worked for Camden - based Campbell for 35 years , retiring in 1990 .
If you ’re very tuned in to the interwebs , you may be aware of hints that the public VS2010 release candidate ( RC ) will arrive soon .
As usual , the F# team plans to publish a new MSI / ZIP for VS2008 and Mono at the same time as the VS2010 release .
That ’s very exciting and I ’m looking forward to getting our newest bits out to developers .
( EDIT , Feb 2010 : The release is now available – start here . )
What ’s even more exciting for me is the ongoing stability of the language and core library since Beta2 .
Over the past few years the F# language and core library have been continually improved and refined , thanks in large part to our terrific community , who have provided excellent feedback and bug reports with each release .
Now we ’ve finally reached the point where we can say goodbye to the 1.9.x revision numbers and update the major version number of the F# language .
With the VS2010 RC and matching CTP soon arriving , there will finally be an F# compiler that announces itself as the
Microsoft ( R ) F# 2.0 Compiler
in the banner output of fsc.exe .
This release will be source - code compatible with the prior release ( 1.9.7.8 ) .
The F# compilers in the VS2008 and VS2010 installations will both be for the F# 2.0 language , with source and binary - compatibility .
The only substantive language or library changes from Beta2 to RC have been final removals of deprecated functionality and bug fixes to a handful of corner cases that affected binary compatibility .
The upside of all this for me is that I no longer need to worry about confusing folks with ‘ old code ’ from my blog .
I ’ve had a number of questions along the lines of “ hey , I found this code on your blog from a year ago , but it calls ‘ Enum.to_int ’ and that function does n’t seem to exist any more … ”
In honor of the stability of the F# 2.0 language , I ’ve gone and updated all my old blog entries to F# 2.0 code .
Of course the F# team will also be updating sites like the F# Samples concurrently with the new release .
We ’ll also be contacting various folks in the community who have published popular F# content to ask them to consider ensuring that their F# code is up to date .
There is a ton of great sample code in the F# blogosphere , and I often hear “ yeah , I found this great sample to do XYZ …
I had to change ‘ Array.fold_left ’ to ‘ Array. fold ’ to make it compile , but after that it just works and is exactly what I need ! ”
I ’d love to remove those final speedbumps so that everyone has a smooth time trying out F# sample code , and can straightaway get on with enjoying programming with F# :)
So if you ’re a reader of my blog , and find any code on my blog that does not compile with the latest F# , please let me know , and I ’ll fix it .
And if you have published your own F# code / blog , please grab the VS2010 RC or February 2010 F# CTP after they arrive , and consider any final updates you may need to your most popular code samples .
Thanks again to everyone who has helped contribute to F# to get to where we are today !
The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin Chapter Eight
Chapter Eight
Memo .
Thus far was written with the intention express'd in the beginning and therefore contains several little family anecdotes of no importance to others .
What follows was written many years after in compliance with the advice contain'd in these letters , and accordingly intended for the public .
The affairs of the Revolution occasion'd the interruption .
Letter from Mr. Abel James , with Notes of my Life ( received in Paris ) .
" MY DEAR AND HONORED FRIEND : I have often been desirous of writing to thee , but could not be reconciled to the thought that the letter might fall into the hands of the British , lest some printer or busy - body should publish some part of the contents , and give our friend pain , and myself censure .
" Some time since there fell into my hands , to my great joy , about twenty - three sheets in thy own handwriting , containing an account of the parentage and life of thyself , directed to thy son , ending in the year 1730 , with which there were notes , likewise in thy writing ; a copy of which I inclose , in hopes it may be a means , if thou continued it up to a later period , that the first andlatter part may be put together ; and if it is not yet continued , I hope thee will not delay it .
Life is uncertain , as the preacher tells us ; and what will the world say if kind , humane , and benevolent Ben .
Franklin should leave his friends and the world deprived of so pleasing and profitable a work ; a work which would be useful and entertaining not only to a few , but to millions ?
The influence writings under that class have on the minds of youth is very great , and has nowhere appeared to me so plain , as in our public friend 's journals .
It almost insensibly leads the youth into the resolution of endeavoring to become as good and eminent as the journalist .
Should thine , for instance , when published ( and I think it could not fail of it ) , lead the youth to equal the industry and temperance of thy early youth , what a blessing with that class would such a work be !
I know of no character living , nor many of them put together , who has so much in his power as thyself to promote a greater spirit of industry and early attention to business , frugality , and temperance with the American youth .
Not that I think the work would have no other merit and use in the world , far from it ; but the first is of such vast importance that I know nothing that can equal it . "
The foregoing letter and the minutes accompanying it being shown to a friend , I received from him the following :
Letter from Mr. Benjamin Vaughan .
" PARIS , January 31 , 1783 .
" My DEAREST SIR :
When I had read over your sheets of minutes of the principal incidents of your life , recovered for you by your Quaker acquaintance , I told you I would send you a letter expressing my reasons why I thought it would be useful to complete and publish it as he desired .
Various concerns have for some time past prevented this letter being written , and I do not know whether it was worth any expectation ; happening to be at leisure , however , at present , I shall by writing , at least interest and instruct myself ; but as the terms I am inclined to use may tend to offend a person of your manners , I shall only tell you how I would address any other person , who was as good and as great as yourself , but less diffident .
I would say to him , Sir , I solicit the history of your life from the following motives :
Your history is so remarkable , that if you do not give it , somebody else will certainly give it ; and perhaps so as nearly to do as much harm , as your own management of the thing might do good .
It will moreover present a table of the internal circumstances of your country , which will very much tend to invite to it settlers of virtuous and manly minds .
And considering the eagerness with which such information is sought by them , and the extent of your reputation , I do not know of a more efficacious advertisement than your biography would give .
All that has happened to you is also connected with the detail of the manners and situation of a rising people ; and in this respect I do not think that the writings of Caesar and Tacitus can be more interesting to a true judge of human nature and society .
But these , sir , are small reasons , in my opinion , compared with the chance which your life will give for the forming of future great men ; and in conjunction with your Art of Virtue ( which you design to publish ) of improving the features of private character , and consequently of aiding all happiness , both public and domestic .
The two works I allude to , sir , will in particular give a noble rule and example of self - education .
School and other education constantly proceed upon false principles , and show a clumsy apparatus pointed at a false mark ; but your apparatus is simple , and the mark a true one ; and while parents and young persons are left destitute of other just means of estimating and becoming prepared for a reasonable course in life , your discovery that the thing is in many a man 's private power , will be invaluable !
Influence upon the private character , late in life , is not only an influence late in life , but a weak influence .
It is in youth that we plant our chief habits and prejudices ; it is in youth that we take our party as to profession , pursuits and matrimony .
In youth , therefore , the turn is given ; in youth the education even of the next generation is given ; in youth the private and public character is determined ; and the term of life extending but from youth to age , life ought to begin well from youth , and more especially before we take our party as to our principal objects .
But your biography will not merely teach self - education , but the education of a wise man ; and the wisest man will receive lights and improve his progress , by seeing detailed the conduct of another wise man .
And why are weaker men to be deprived of such helps , when we see our race has been blundering on in the dark , almost without a guide in this particular , from the farthest trace of time ?
Show then , sir , how much is to be done , both to sons and fathers ; and invite all wise men to become like yourself , and other men to become wise .
When we see how cruel statesmen and warriors can be to the human race , and how absurd distinguished men can be to their acquaintance , it will be instructive to observe the instances multiply of pacific , acquiescing manners ; and to find how compatible it is to be great and domestic , enviable and yet good - humored .
" The little private incidents which you will also have to relate , will have considerable use , as we want , above all things , rules of prudence in ordinary affairs ; and it will be curious to see how you have acted in these .
It will be so far a sort of key to life , and explain many things that all men ought to have once explained to them , to give , them a chance of becoming wise by foresight .
The nearest thing to having experience of one 's own , is to have other people 's affairs brought before us in a shape that is interesting ; this is sure to happen from your pen ; our affairs and management will have an air of simplicity or importance that will not fail to strike ; and I am convinced you have conducted them with as much originality as if you had been conductingdiscussions in politics or philosophy ; and what more worthy of experiments and system ( its importance and its errors considered ) than human life ?
" Some men have been virtuous blindly , others have speculated fantastically , and others have been shrewd to bad purposes ; but you , sir , I am sure , will give under your hand , nothing but what is at the same moment , wise , practical and good , your account of yourself ( for I suppose the parallel I am drawing for Dr. Franklin , will hold not only in point of character , but of private history ) will show that you are ashamed of no origin ; a thing the more important , as you prove how little necessary all origin is to happiness , virtue , or greatness .
As no end likewise happens without a means , so we shall find , sir , that even you yourself framed a plan by which you became considerable ; but at the same time we may see that though the event is flattering , the means are as simple as wisdom could make them ; that is , depending upon nature , virtue , thought and habit .
Another thing demonstrated will be the propriety of everyman 's waiting for his time for appearing upon the stage of the world .
Our sensations being very much fixed to the moment , we are apt to forget that more moments are to follow the first , and consequently that man should arrange his conduct so as to suit the whole of a life .
Your attribution appears to have been applied to your life , and the passing moments of it have been enlivened with content and enjoyment instead of being tormented with foolish impatience or regrets .
Such a conduct is easy for those who make virtue and themselves in countenance by examples of other truly great men , of whom patience is so often the characteristic .
Your Quaker correspondent , sir ( for here again I will suppose the subject of my letter resembling Dr. Franklin ) , praised your frugality , diligence and temperance , which he considered as a pattern for all youth ; but it is singular that he should have forgotten your modesty and your disinterestedness , without which younever could have waited for your advancement , or found your situation in the mean time comfortable ; which is a strong lesson to show the poverty of glory and the importance of regulating our minds .
If this correspondent had known the nature of your reputation as well as I do , he would have said , Your former writings and measures would secure attention to your Biography , and Art of Virtue ; and your Biography and Art of Virtue , in return , would secure attention to them .
This is an advantage attendant upon a various character , and which brings all that belongs to it into greater play ; and it is the more useful , as perhaps more persons are at a loss for the means of improving their minds and characters , than they are for the time or the inclination to do it .
But there is one concluding reflection , sir , that will shew the use of your life as a mere piece of biography .
This style of writing seems a little gone out of vogue , and yet it is a very useful one ; and your specimen of it may be particularly serviceable , as it will make a subject of comparison with the lives of various public cutthroats and intriguers , and with absurd monastic self - tormentors or vain literary triflers .
If it encourages more writings of the same kind with your own , and induces more men to spend lives fit to be written , it will be worth all Plutarch 's Lives put together .
But being tired of figuring to myself a character of which every feature suits only one man in the world , without giving him the praise of it , I shall end my letter , my dear Dr. Franklin , with a personal application to your proper self .
I am earnestly desirous , then , my dear sir , that you should let the world into the traits of your genuine character , as civil broils nay otherwise tend to disguise or traduce it .
Considering your great age , the caution of your character , and your peculiar style of thinking , it is not likely that any one besides yourself can be sufficiently master of the facts of your life , or the intentions of your mind .
Besides all this , the immense revolution of the present period , willnecessarily turn our attention towards the author of it , and when virtuous principles have been pretended in it , it will be highly important to shew that such have really influenced ; and , as your own character will be the principal one to receive a scrutiny , it is proper ( even for its effects upon your vast and rising country , as well as upon England and upon Europe ) that it should stand respectable and eternal .
For the furtherance of human happiness , I have always maintained that it is necessary to prove that man is not even at present a vicious and detestable animal ; and still more to prove that good management may greatly amend him ; and it is for much the same reason , that I am anxious to see the opinion established , that there are fair characters existing among the individuals of the race ; for the moment that all men , without exception , shall be conceived abandoned , good people will cease efforts deemed to be hopeless , and perhaps think of taking their share in the scramble of life , or at least of making it comfortable principally for themselves .
Take then , my dear sir , this work most speedily into hand : shew yourself good as you are good ; temperate as you are temperate ; and above all things , prove yourself as one , who from your infancy have loved justice , liberty and concord , in a way that has made it natural and consistent for you to have acted , as we have seen you act in the last seventeen years of your life .
Let Englishmen be made not only to respect , but even to love you .
When they think well of individuals in your native country , they will go nearer to thinking well of your country ; and when your countrymen see themselves well thought of by Englishmen , they will go nearer to thinking well of England .
Extend your views even further ; do not stop at those who speak the English tongue , but after having settled so many points in nature and politics , think of bettering the whole race of men .
As I have not read any part of the life in question , but know only the character that lived it , I write somewhat at hazard .
I am sure , however , that the life and the treatise I allude to ( on the Art of Virtue ) will necessarily fulfil the chief of my expectations ; and still more so if you take up the measure of suiting these performances to the several views above stated .
Should they even prove unsuccessful in all that a sanguine admirer of yours hopes from them , you will at least have framed pieces to interest the human mind ; and whoever gives a feeling of pleasure that is innocent to man , has added so much to the fair side of a life otherwise too much darkened by anxiety and too much injured by pain .
In the hope , therefore , that you will listen to the prayer addressed to you in this letter , I beg to subscribe myself , my dearest sir , etc. , etc. ,
" Signed , BENJ . VAUGHAN . "
Continuation of the Account of my Life , begun at Passy , near Paris , 1784 .
It is some time since I receiv'd the above letters , but I have been too busy till now to think of complying with the request they contain .
It might , too , be much better done if I were at home among my papers , which would aid my memory , and help to ascertain dates ; but my return being uncertain and having just now a little leisure , I will endeavor to recollect and write what I can ; if I live to get home , it may there be corrected and improv'd .
Not having any copy here of what is already written , I know not whether an account is given of the means I used to establish the Philadelphia public library , which , from a small beginning , is now become so considerable , though I remember to have come down to near the time of that transaction ( 1730 ) .
I will therefore begin here with an account of it , which may be struck out if found to have been already given .
At the time I establish 'd myself in Pennsylvania , there was not a good bookseller 's shop in any of the colonies to the southward of Boston .
In New York and Philad 'a the printers were indeed stationers ; they sold only paper , etc. , almanacs , ballads , and a few common school - books .
Those who lov'd reading were oblig'd to send for their books from England ; the members of the Junto had each a few .
We had left the alehouse , where we first met , and hired a room to hold our club in .
I propos'd that we should all of us bring our books to that room , where they would not only be ready to consult in our conferences , but become a common benefit , each of us being at liberty to borrow such as he wish'd to read at home .
This was accordingly done , and for some time contented us .
Finding the advantage of this little collection , I propos'd to render the benefit from books more common , by commencing a public subscription library .
I drew a sketch of the plan and rules that would be necessary , and got a skilful conveyancer , Mr. Charles Brockden , to put the whole in form of articles of agreement to be subscribed , by which each subscriber engag'd to pay a certain sum down for the first purchase of books , and an annual contribution for increasing them .
So few were the readers at that time in Philadelphia , and the majority of us so poor , that I was not able , with great industry , to find more thanfifty persons , mostly young tradesmen , willing to pay down for this purpose forty shillings each , and ten shillings per annum .
On this little fund we began .
The books were imported ; the library wag opened one day in the week for lending to the subscribers , on their promissory notes to pay double the value if not duly returned .
The institution soon manifested its utility , was imitated by other towns , and in other provinces .
The libraries were augmented by donations ; reading became fashionable ; and our people , having no publick amusements to divert their attention from study , became better acquainted with books , and in a few years were observ'd by strangers to be better instructed and more intelligent than people of the same rank generally are in other countries .
When we were about to sign the above - mentioned articles , which were to be binding upon us , our heirs , etc. , for fifty years , Mr. Brockden , the scrivener , said to us , " You are young men , but it is scarcely probable that any of you will live to see the expiration of the term fix'd in the instrument . "
A number of us , however , are yet living ; but the instrument was after a few years rendered null by a charter that incorporated and gave perpetuity to the company .
The objections and reluctances I met with in soliciting the subscriptions , made me soon feel the impropriety of presenting one 's self as the proposer of any useful project , that might be suppos'd to raise one 's reputation in the smallest degree above that of one 's neighbors , when one has need of their assistance to accomplish that project .
I therefore put myself as much as I could out of sight , and stated it as a scheme of a number of friends , who had requested me to go about and propose it to such as they thought lovers of reading .
In this way my affair went on more smoothly , and I ever after practis'd it on such occasions ; and , from my frequent successes , can heartily recommend it .
The present little sacrifice of your vanity will afterwards be amply repaid .
If it remains a while uncertain to whom the merit belongs , some one more vain than yourself will be encouraged to claim it , and then even envy will be disposed to do you justice by plucking those assumed feathers , and restoring them to their right owner .
This library afforded me the means of improvement by constant study , for which I set apart an hour or two each day , and thus repair'd in some degree the loss of the learned education my father once intended for me .
Reading was the only amusement I allow'd myself .
I spent no time in taverns , games , or frolicks of any kind ; and my industry in my business continu'd as indefatigable as it was necessary .
I was indebted for my printing - house ; I had a young family coming on to be educated , and I had to contend with for business two printers , who were established in the place before me .
My circumstances , however , grew daily easier .
My original habits of frugality continuing , and my father having , among his instructions to me when a boy , frequently repeated a proverb of Solomon , " Seest thou a man diligent in his calling , he shall stand before kings , he shall not stand before mean men , " I from thence considered industry as a means of obtaining wealth and distinction , which encourag'd me , tho ' I did not think that I should ever literally stand before kings , which , however , has since happened ; for I have stood before five , and even had the honor of sitting down with one , the King of Denmark , to dinner .
We have an English proverb that says , " He that would thrive , must ask his wife . "
It was lucky for me that I had one as much dispos'd to industry and frugality as myself .
She assisted me cheerfully in my business , folding and stitching pamphlets , tending shop , purchasing old linen rags for the papermakers , etc. , etc .
We kept no idle servants , our table was plain and simple , our furniture of the cheapest .
For instance , my breakfast was a long time bread and milk ( no tea ) , and I ate it out of a twopenny earthen porringer , with a pewter spoon .
But mark how luxury will enter families , and make a progress , in spite of principle : being call'd one morning to breakfast , I found it in a China bowl , with a spoon of silver !
They had been bought for me without my knowledge by my wife , and had cost her the enormous sum of three - and - twenty shillings , for which she had no other excuse or apology to make , but that she thought her husband deserv'd a silver spoon and China bowl as well as any of his neighbors .
This was the first appearance of plate and China in our house , which afterward , in a course of years , as our wealth increas'd , augmented gradually to several hundred pounds in value .
I had been religiously educated as a Presbyterian ; and tho ' some of the dogmas of that persuasion , such as the eternal decrees of God , election , reprobation , etc. , appeared to me unintelligible , others doubtful , and I early absented myself from the public assemblies of the sect , Sunday being my studying day , I never was without some religious principles .
I never doubted , for instance , the existence of the Deity ; that he made the world , and govern'd it by his Providence ; that the most acceptable service of God was the doing good to man ; that our souls are immortal ; and that all crime will be punished , and virtue rewarded , either here or hereafter .
These I esteem'd the essentials of every religion ; and , being to be found in all the religions we had in our country , I respected them all , tho ' with different degrees of respect , as I found them more or less mix'd with other articles , which , without any tendency to inspire , promote , or confirm morality , serv'd principally to divide us , and make us unfriendly to one another .
This respect to all , with an opinion that the worst had some good effects , induc'd me to avoid all discourse that might tend to lessen the good opinion another might have of his own religion ; and as our province increas'd in people , and new places of worship were continually wanted , and generally erected by voluntary contributions , my mite for such purpose , whatever might be the sect , was never refused .
Tho ' I seldom attended any public worship , I had still an opinion of its propriety , and of its utility when rightly conducted , and I regularly paid my annual subscription for the support of the only Presbyterian minister or meeting we had in Philadelphia .
He us'd to visit me sometimes as a friend , and admonish me to attend his administrations , and I was now and then prevail'd on to do so , once for five Sundays successively .
Had he been in my opinion a good preacher , perhaps I might have continued , notwithstanding the occasion I had for the Sunday 's leisure in my course of study ; but his discourses were chiefly either polemic arguments , or explications of the peculiar doctrines of our sect , and were all to me very dry , uninteresting , and unedifying , since not a single moral principle was inculcated or enforc'd , their aim seeming to be rather to make us Presbyterians than good citizens .
At length he took for his text that verse of the fourth chapter of Philippians , " Finally , brethren , whatsoever things are true , honest , just , pure , lovely , or of good report , if there be any virtue , or any praise , think on these things . "
And I imagin'd , in a sermon on such a text , we could not miss of having some morality .
But he confin'd himself to five points only , as meant by the apostle , viz . : 1 . Keeping holy the Sabbath day .
2 . Being diligent in reading the holy Scriptures .
3 . Attending duly the publick worship .
4 . Partaking of the Sacrament .
5 . Paying a due respect to God 's ministers .
These might be all good things ; but , as they were not the kind of good things that I expected from that text , I despaired of ever meeting with them from any other , was disgusted , and attended his preaching no more .
I had some years before compos'd a little Liturgy , or form of prayer , for my own private use ( viz. , in 1728 ) , entitled , Articles of Belief and Acts of Religion .
I return'd to the use of this , and went no more to the public assemblies .
My conduct might be blameable , but I leave it , without attempting further to excuse it ; my present purpose being to relate facts , and not tomake apologies for them .
It was about this time I conceiv'd the bold and arduous project of arriving at moral perfection .
I wish'd to live without committing any fault at any time ; I would conquer all that either natural inclination , custom , or company might lead me into .
As I knew , or thought I knew , what was right and wrong , I did not see why I might not always do the one and avoid the other .
But I soon found I had undertaken a task of more difficulty than I bad imagined .
While my care was employ'd in guarding against one fault , I was often surprised by another ; habit took the advantage of inattention ; inclination was sometimes too strong for reason .
I concluded , at length , that the mere speculative conviction that it was our interest to be completely virtuous , was not sufficient to prevent our slipping ; and that the contrary habits must be broken , and good ones acquired and established , before we can have any dependence on a steady , uniform rectitude of conduct .
For this purpose I therefore contrived the following method .
In the various enumerations of the moral virtues I had met with in my reading , I found the catalogue more or less numerous , as different writers included more or fewer ideas under the same name .
Temperance , for example , was by some confined to eating and drinking , while by others it was extended to mean the moderating every other pleasure , appetite , inclination , or passion , bodily or mental , even to our avarice and ambition .
I propos'd to myself , for the sake of clearness , to use rather more names , with fewer ideas annex'd to each , than a few names with more ideas ; and I included under thirteen names of virtues all that at that time occurr'd to me as necessary or desirable , and annexed to each a short precept , which fully express'd the extent I gave to its meaning .
These names of virtues , with their precepts , were
1. TEMPERANCE .
Eat not to dullness ; drink not to elevation .
2. SILENCE .
Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself ; avoid trifling conversation .
3. ORDER .
Let all your things have their places ; let each part of your business have its time .
4. RESOLUTION .
Resolve to perform what you ought ; perform without fail what you resolve .
5. FRUGALITY .
Make no expense but to do good to others or yourself ; i.e. , waste nothing .
6. INDUSTRY .
Lose no time ; be always employ'd in something useful ; cut off all unnecessary actions .
7. SINCERITY .
Use no hurtful deceit ; think innocently and justly , and , if you speak , speak accordingly .
8. JUSTICE .
Wrong none by doing injuries , or omitting the benefits that are your duty .
9. MODERATION .
Avoid extreams ; forbear resenting injuries so much as you think they deserve .
10 . CLEANLINESS .
Tolerate no uncleanliness in body , cloaths , or habitation .
11 . TRANQUILLITY .
Be not disturbed at trifles , or at accidents common or unavoidable .
12 . CHASTITY .
Rarely use venery but for health or offspring , never to dulness , weakness , or the injury of your own or another 's peace or reputation .
13 . HUMILITY .
Imitate Jesus and Socrates .
My intention being to acquire the habitude of all these virtues , I judg'd it would be well not to distract my attention by attempting the whole at once , but to fix it on one of them at a time ; and , when I should be master of that , then to proceed to another , and so on , till I should have gone thro ' the thirteen ; and , as the previous acquisition of some might facilitate the acquisition of certain others , I arrang'd them with that view , as they stand above .
Temperance first , as it tends to procure that coolness and clearness of head , which is so necessary where constant vigilance was to be kept up , and guard maintained against the unremitting attraction of ancient habits , and the force of perpetual temptations .
This being acquir'd and establish'd , Silence would be more easy ; and my desire being to gain knowledge at the same time that I improv'd in virtue , and considering that in conversation it was obtain'd rather by the use of the ears than of the tongue , and therefore wishing to break a habit I was getting into of prattling , punning , and joking , which only made me acceptable to trifling company , I gave Silence the second place .
This and the next , Order , I expected would allow me more time for attending to my project and my studies .
Resolution , once become habitual , would keep me firm in my endeavors to obtain all the subsequent virtues ; Frugality and Industry freeing me from my remaining debt , and producing affluence and independence , would make more easy the practice of Sincerity and Justice , etc. , etc .
Conceiving then , that , agreeably to the advice of Pythagoras in his Golden Verses , daily examination would be necessary , I contrived the following method for conducting that examination .
I made a little book , in which I allotted a page for each of the virtues .
I rul'd each page with red ink , so as to have seven columns , one for each day of the week , marking each column with a letter for the day .
I cross'd these columns with thirteen red lines , marking the beginning of each line with the first letter of one of the virtues , on which line , and in its proper column , I might mark , by a little black spot , every fault I found upon examination to have been committed respecting that virtue upon that day .
Form of the pages .
+ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ | TEMPERANCE . | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ | EAT NOT TO DULNESS ; | | DRINK NOT TO ELEVATION . | + -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ | | S.| M.| T.| W.| T.| F.| S.| + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | T.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | S.| * | * | | * | | * | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | O.| **| * | * | | * | * | * | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | R.| | | * | | | * | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | F.| | * | | | * | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | I.| | | * | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | S.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | J.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | M.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | C.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | T.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | C.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ | H.| | | | | | | | + -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+ -- -+
I determined to give a week 's strict attention to each of the virtues successively .
Thus , in the first week , my great guard was to avoid every the least offence against Temperance , leaving the other virtues to their ordinary chance , only marking every evening the faults of the day .
Thus , if in the first week I could keep my first line , marked T , clear of spots , I suppos'd the habit of that virtue so much strengthen'd and its opposite weaken'd , that I might venture extending my attention to include the next , and for the following week keep both lines clear of spots .
Proceeding thus to the last , I could go thro ' a course compleat in thirteen weeks , and four courses in a year .
And like him who , having a garden to weed , does not attempt to eradicate all the bad herbs at once , which would exceed his reach and his strength , but works on one of the beds at a time , and , having accomplish'd the first , proceeds to a second , so I should have , I hoped , the encouraging pleasure of seeing on my pages the progress I made in virtue , by clearing successively my lines of their spots , till in the end , by a number of courses , I should he happy in viewing a clean book , after a thirteen weeks ' daily examination .
This my little book had for its motto these lines from Addison 's Cato :
" Here will I hold .
If there 's a power above us ( And that there is all nature cries aloud Thro ' all her works ) ,
He must delight in virtue ;
And that which he delights in must be happy . "
Another from Cicero ,
" O vitae Philosophia dux !
O virtutum indagatrix expultrixque vitiorum !
Unus dies , bene et ex praeceptis tuis actus , peccanti immortalitati est anteponendus . "
Another from the Proverbs of Solomon , speaking of wisdom or virtue :
" Length of days is in her right hand , and in her left hand riches and honour .
Her ways are ways of pleasantness , and all her paths are peace . " iii. 16 , 17 .
And conceiving God to be the fountain of wisdom , I thought it right and necessary to solicit his assistance for obtaining it ; to this end I formed the following little prayer , which was prefix'd to my tables of examination , for daily use .
" O powerful Goodness ! bountiful Father ! merciful Guide !
increase in me that wisdom which discovers my truest interest .
strengthen my resolutions to perform what that wisdom dictates .
Accept my kind offices to thy other children as the only return in my power for thy continual favors to me . "
I used also sometimes a little prayer which I took from Thomson 's Poems , viz . :
" Father of light and life , thou Good Supreme !
O teach me what is good ; teach me Thyself !
Save me from folly , vanity , and vice , From every low pursuit ; and fill my soul With knowledge , conscious peace , and virtue pure ; Sacred , substantial , never - fading bliss ! "
The precept of Order requiring that every part of my business should have its allotted time , one page in my little book contain'd the following scheme of employment for the twenty - four hours of a natural day : bliss ! "
THE MORNING .
Question .
What good shall I do this day ? { 5 } { 6 } { 7 } { 8 } Rise , wash , and address Powerful Goodness !
Contrive day 's business , and take the resolution of the day ; prosecute the present study , and breakfast .
{ 9 } { 10} { 11} Work NOON . { 12 } { 1 } { 2 } Read , or overlook my accounts , and dine . { 3 } { 4 } { 5 } Work EVENING .
Question .
What good have I done today ? { 6 }
Put things in their places . { 7 } { 8} Supper .
Music or diversion , or conversation .
{ 9 } { 10} { 11} { 12} Examination of the day .
NIGHT . { 1 } { 2 } { 3 } { 4 } Sleep .
I enter 'd upon the execution of this plan for self - examination , and continu'd it with occasional intermissions for some time .
I was surpris'd to find myself so much fuller of faults than I had imagined ; but I had the satisfaction of seeing them diminish .
To avoid the trouble of renewing now and then my little book , which , by scraping out the marks on the paper of old faults to make room for new ones in a new course , became full of holes , I transferr'd my tables and precepts to the ivory leaves of a memorandum book , on which the lines were drawn with red ink , that made a durable stain , and on those lines I mark'd my faults with a black - lead pencil , which marks I could easily wipe out with a wet sponge .
After a while I went thro ' one course only in a year , and afterward only one in several years , till at length I omitted them entirely , being employ'd in voyages and business abroad , with a multiplicity of affairs that interfered ; but I always carried my little book with me .
My scheme of ORDER gave me the most trouble ; and I found that , tho ' it might be practicable where a man 's business was such as to leave him the disposition of his time , that of a journeyman printer , for instance , it was not possible to be exactly observed by a master , who must mix with the world , and often receive people of business at their own hours .
Order , too , with regard to places for things , papers , etc. , I found extreamly difficult to acquire .
I had not been early accustomed to it , and , having an exceeding good memory , I was not so sensible of the inconvenience attending want of method .
This article , therefore , cost me so much painful attention , and my faults in it vexed me so much , and I made so little progress in amendment , and had such frequent relapses , that I was almost ready to give up the attempt , and content myself with a faulty character in that respect , like the man who , in buying an ax of a smith , my neighbour , desired to have the whole of its surface as bright as the edge .
The smith consented to grind it bright for him if he would turn the wheel ; he turn'd , while the smith press'd the broad face of the ax hard and heavily on the stone , which made the turning of it very fatiguing .
The man came every now and then from the wheel to see how the work went on , and at length would take his ax as it was , without farther grinding .
" No , " said the smith , " turn on , turn on ; we shall have it bright by - and - by ; as yet , it is only speckled . "
" Yes , " said the man , " but I think I like a speckled ax best . "
And I believe this may have been the case with many , who , having , for want of some such means as I employ'd , found the difficulty of obtaining good and breaking bad habits in other points of vice and virtue , have given up the struggle , and concluded that " a speckled ax was best " ; for something , that pretended to be reason , was every now and then suggesting to me that such extream nicety as I exacted of myself might be a kind of foppery in morals , which , if it were known , would make me ridiculous ; that a perfect character might be attended with the inconvenience of being envied and hated ; and that a benevolent man should allow a few faults in himself , to keep his friends in countenance .
In truth , I found myself incorrigible with respect to Order ; and now I am grown old , and my memory bad , I feel very sensibly the want of it .
But , on the whole , tho ' I never arrived at the perfection I had been so ambitious of obtaining , but fell far short of it , yet I was , by the endeavour , a better and a happier man than I otherwise should have been if I had not attempted it ; as those who aim at perfect writing by imitating the engraved copies , tho ' they never reach the wish 'd - for excellence of those copies , their hand is mended by the endeavor , and is tolerable while it continues fair and legible .
It may be well my posterity should be informed that to this little artifice , with the blessing of God , their ancestor ow'd the constant felicity of his life , down to his 79th year , in which this is written .
What reverses may attend the remainder is in the hand of Providence ; but , if they arrive , the reflection on past happiness enjoy'd ought to help his bearing them with more resignation .
To Temperance he ascribes his long - continued health , and what is still left to him of a good constitution ; to Industry and Frugality , the early easiness of his circumstances and acquisition of his fortune , with all that knowledge that enabled him to be a useful citizen , and obtained for him some degree of reputation among the learned ; to Sincerity and Justice , the confidence of his country , and the honorable employs it conferred upon him ; and to the joint influence of the whole mass of the virtues , even in the imperfect state he was able to acquire them , all that evenness of temper , and that cheerfulness in conversation , which makes his company still sought for , and agreeable even to his younger acquaintance .
I hope , therefore , that some of my descendants may follow the example and reap the benefit .
It will be remark'd that , tho ' my scheme was not wholly without religion , there was in it no mark of any of the distingishing tenets of any particular sect .
I had purposely avoided them ; for , being fully persuaded of the utility and excellency of my method , and that it might be serviceable to people in all religions , and intending some time or other to publish it , I would not have any thing in it that should prejudice any one , of any sect , against it .
I purposed writing a little comment on each virtue , in which I would have shown the advantages of possessing it , and the mischiefs attending its opposite vice ; and I should have called my book THE ART OF VIRTUE , because it would have shown the means and manner of obtaining virtue , which would have distinguished it from the mere exhortation to be good , that does not instruct and indicate the means , but is like the apostle 's man of verbal charity , who only without showing to the naked and hungry how or where they might get clothes or victuals , exhorted them to be fed and clothed .
-- James ii . 15 , 16 .
But it so happened that my intention of writing and publishing this comment was never fulfilled .
I did , indeed , from time to time , put down short hints of the sentiments , reasonings , etc. , to be made use of in it , some of which I have still by me ; but the necessary close attention to private business in the earlier part of thy life , and public business since , have occasioned my postponing it ; for , it being connected in my mind with a great and extensive project , that required the whole man to execute , and which an unforeseen succession of employs prevented my attending to , it has hitherto remain 'd unfinish'd .
In this piece it was my design to explain and enforce this doctrine , that vicious actions are not hurtful because they are forbidden , but forbidden because they are hurtful , the nature of man alone considered ; that it was , therefore , every one 's interest to be virtuous who wish'd to be happy even in this world ; and I should , from this circumstance ( there being always in the world a number of rich merchants , nobility , states , and princes , who have need of honest instruments for the management of their affairs , and such being so rare ) , have endeavored to convince young persons that no qualities were so likely to make a poor man 's fortune as those of probity and integrity .
My list of virtues contain'd at first but twelve ; but a Quaker friend having kindly informed me that I was generally thought proud ; that my pride show'd itself frequently in conversation ; that I was not content with being in the right when discussing any point , but was overbearing , and rather insolent , of which he convinc'd me by mentioning several instances ; I determined endeavouring to cure myself , if I could , of this vice or folly among the rest , and I added Humility to my list ) giving an extensive meaning to the word .
I cannot boast of much success in acquiring the reality of this virtue , but I had a good deal with regard to the appearance of it .
I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradiction to the sentiments of others , and all positive assertion of my own .
I even forbid myself , agreeably to the old laws of our Junto , the use of every word or expression in the language that imported a fix'd opinion , such as certainly , undoubtedly , etc. , and I adopted , instead of them , I conceive , I apprehend , or I imagine a thing to be so or so ; or it so appears to me at present .
When another asserted something that I thought an error , I deny'd myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly , and of showing immediately some absurdity in his proposition ; and in answering I began by observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right , but in the present case there appear'd or seem'd to me some difference , etc .
I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner ; the conversations I engag'd in went on more pleasantly .
The modest way in which I propos'd my opinions procur'd them a readier reception and less contradiction ; I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong , and I more easily prevail'd with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I happened to be in the right .
And this mode , which I at first put on with some violence to natural inclination , became at length so easy , and so habitual to me , that perhaps for these fifty years past no one has ever heard a dogmatical expression escape me .
And to this habit ( after my character of integrity ) I think it principally owing that I had early so much weight with my fellow - citizens when I proposed new institutions , or alterations in the old , and so much influence in public councils when I became a member ; for I was but a bad speaker , never eloquent , subject to much hesitation in my choice of words , hardly correct in language , and yet I generally carried my points
In reality , there is , perhaps , no one of our natural passions so hard to subdue as pride .
Disguise it , struggle with it , beat it down , stifle it , mortify it as much as one pleases , it is still alive , and will every now and then peep out and show itself ; you will see it , perhaps , often in this history ; for , even if I could conceive that I had compleatly overcome it , I should probably be proud of my humility .
[ Thus far written at Passy , 1741 . ]
End of Chapter Eight .
Continue to Chapter Nine of Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography
Named after one of the alleged JFK snipers , Dallas - area watering hole Lee Harvey ’s lives up to its subversive moniker .
I live 200 yards down the street , appropriately enough , in Jack Ruby ’s old building , and can walk there at any time and feel welcome .
Part lake house and part junkyard , the converted old home is full of cheap wood paneling , ripped vinyl seats , and antique beer signs .
I have bellied up to the bar with characters of every shade : other local artists , oil rough necks fresh off the job , bankers in suits , the women ’s roller derby team , and someone ’s grandparents .
The patrons know my pursuits , my projects — and even know I am writing this story .
It is the only bar in the world where they know my name .
And though the gravel from the outdoor beer garden may occasionally get stuck in my shoes , the smoke from the fire pits may burn my eyes , or the toilet may be overflowed in the bathroom , there is a friendly communal atmosphere here that makes me proud to be a part of the neighborhood , and proud to call it my backyard bar .
Overview
The Glacier Trail is the standard eastern approach for Gannett Peak , the highest point in Wyoming .
From trailhead to summit , the route is a grueling 25 miles each way , making it one of the longest standard routes , if not the longest standard route , for a State Highpoint .
The western approach via Titcomb Basin and Bonney Pass is a slightly shorter route , at 20 miles from trailhead to summit .
However , the Glacier Trail is the preferred route of many summiters despite its longer distance because of a much shorter summit day .
On average , the western approach ( Titcomb Basin / Bonney Pass ) requires 12 - 20 hours of climbing on summit day .
Conversely , on average , the eastern approach ( Glacier Trail ) requires only 8 - 12 hours of climbing on summit day .
As a result of a much shorter and less technical summit day , the eastern approach via the Glacier Trail tends to have a higher chance of a successful summit attempt on average .
Another advantage of the Glacier Trail is that most of the route tends to be melted out sooner than the western approach , making possible earlier ascents during the standard climbing season .
It is not uncommon for climbers to climb Gannett Peak via the Glacier Trail by mid-June , especially during low - snowpack years .
The Glacier Trail is a very popular and easy to find / follow route .
However , this is not to suggest the route is easy to walk .
Multiple obstacles can make the hike to Gannett Peak a difficult trek .
Loose rocks , rutted - out trail sections , mudholes , exposed tree roots , and pack - horses make this trail very rugged in many places .
But the major obstacles that scare away many potential climbers on this route are stream crossings .
There are a minimum of 15 stream crossings ; almost all of them are minor but several are not .
In particular , the Klondike Creek and Gannett Creek crossings tend to prevent the biggest challenges to users of this route .
Route Description
1 ) Three trails originate at the same trailhead : Glacier Trail , Bomber Basin Trail , and Whiskey Mountain Trail .
Within the first 0.5 miles , the Whiskey Mountain Trail splits to the right from the Glacier Trail .
Shortly thereafter , the Glacier Trail crosses a well - constructed bridge across a gorge containing Torrey Creek .
After 3.0 miles , the Bomber Basin Trail splits to the right from the Glacier Trail .
2 ) The Glacier Trail then steeply climbs approximately 30 switchbacks up the lower west slopes of Arrow Mountain , to approximately 10000 ' elevation .
At this point , the Glacier Trail heads south along an open slope , then heads east across a small stream , then heads south along a western side of Arrow Mountain , before entering a large open plateau at approximately 10400 ' elevation .
3 ) The trail crosses an open treeless plateau for a long distance .
This stretch of the route can be a little de-moralizing , as Arrow Pass , at 10895 ' elevation , is the highest point of the Glacier Trail and is always in view during this time .
However , due to the gentle slopes and no trees or landmarks for which to gauge distance , this stretch of the route will likely take longer than it initially appears .
NOTE : The " Old Glacier Trail " , which is primarily used by outfitters , joins the Glacier Trail about 3 / 4 of the way across the open plateau , prior to Arrow Pass .
4 ) After reaching Arrow Pass , the Glacier Trail descends through Burro Flat , another open treeless plateau , before entering a seemingly dead forest area .
Phillips Lake ( 10160 ' elevation ) is passed approximately two miles beyond Arrow Pass .
5 ) The Glacier Trail then passes Double Lake ( 9960 ' elevation ) and Star Lake ( 10270 ' elevation ) .
Both lakes have multiple areas for which to setup backcountry campsites , and either lake would make for a full first day for most people .
6 ) The Glacier Trail continues climbing until cresting at approximately 10360 ' elevation .
After that point , the trail begins descending , and then switchbacking downward .
Honeymoon
Lake can be seen during portions of the switchbacks and , although it appears close , the Glacier Trail does not actually go directly along its shores .
7 ) The Glacier Trail continues descending through forests until essentially leveling - out .
Downs Fork Meadows is passed , then later Big Meadows , then later the trail junction with Ink Wells Trail , and then finally the first views of Gannett Peak at approximately 18.5 miles from the trailhead .
8 ) The Glacier Trail then crosses Philsmith Creek , Klondike Creek , Floyd Wilson Meadows , and Gannett Creek before climbing uphill towards potential high camp locations .
After 10400 ' elevation , the Glacier Trail basically follows Dinwoody Creek until ending at the base of the Dinwoody Glacier .
9 ) High camps range between 10200 ' elevation and 10800 ' elevation ( i.e. Tarns Camp ) .
It is recommended to have a high camp as high in elevation as possible , preferably at Tarns Camp at the base of the Dinwoody Glacier , or else an early summit day start time and distance will be required .
10 ) If starting a summit attempt from a high camp at Tarns Camp ( 10800 ' elevation ) , expect a climbing distance of three miles from Tarns Camp to the Gannett Peak summit ( 13804 ' elevation ) , using the standard Dinwoody Glacier / Gooseneck Glacier routes .
Getting There
FROM DUBOIS , WY :
1 ) Drive approximately 4.0 miles south along Highway 26/287 to Whiskey Basin / Trail Lake Road , within a block of crossing a bridge over Jakeys Fork .
2 ) Turn right onto Whiskey Basin / Trail Lake Road , and then take an immediate left .
This road turns into Forest Road # 411 .
3 ) Continue following the road ( Forest Road # 411 ) for 9.2 miles until its end at the Trail Lake Ranch parking area .
The trailhead for Glacier Trail , Bomber Basin , and Whiskey Mountain originates at this location .
No wilderness permits or parking permits are required .
However , a trail register is at the kiosk located near the trailhead .
Essential Gear
Personal Gear :
• Backpack
• Balaclava
• Bear - Proof Food Container ( or store food away from campsite per Fitzpatrick Wilderness Rules & Regulations )
• Belay Device
• Bivy Sack
• Book
• Camera ( if digital take extra batteries )
• Carabiners
• Crampons
• Earplugs
• First Aid Kit
• Gaiters
• Gloves and / or Mittens
• Goggles
• GPS Receiver
• Hat
• Harness
• Headlamp ( with extra batteries )
• Helmet
• Ice Axe
• Insect Repellant ( !!!)
• Jacket
• Knife
• Long Underwear ( top & bottom )
• Matches and / or Fire starter
• Mountaineering Boots
• Pants ( for wind / snow / rain conditions )
• Rope -Ascending System ( i.e. Crevasse Rescue Rope- Tool )
• Sleeping Bag
• Socks
• Sunglasses ( i.e. Glacier Glasses )
• Sunscreen ( including Lip Protection )
• Toilet Paper
• Trekking Poles
• Warm Clothes ( for Snow / Glacier Travel )
• Water Bottles
• Windbreaker Jacket
Group Gear :
• Tent ( Four - season )
• Stove , cookset , and fuel
• Water filter(s )
• Glacier Rope
• Snow & Ice Protection
• GPS Receiver and First Aid Kit were already mentioned in “ Personal Gear ” list , but apply here as well .
Major Points Of Interest Along Glacier Trail
At Mayfield Bustarde , LLP , we are always looking ahead .
We have your long - term goals in mind when we are drafting business formation documents , resolving an employment law dispute , preparing a lease for your income property , preparing an estate plan , handling a wrongful termination claim or litigating in court .
This approach influences the relationship we have with all of our clients .
They know that we truly care about the success of their business , career and personal affairs – and that makes our firm a valuable legal partner .
Mayfield Bustarde , LLP represents privately - held , small - and medium - sized businesses as well as individuals .
We understand that our clients ' legal issues often come down to the amount and type of risk they can reasonably handle .
Helping them analyze the risk , weigh the benefits and identify the real goal can prove invaluable to the success of their business , career or personal affairs .
On his radio program , Fox News  Glenn Beck encouraged listeners to leave their church if it proclaims a concern for social justice :
I ’m begging you , your right to religion and freedom to exercise religion and read all of the passages of the Bible as you want to read them and as your church wants to preach them . . . are going to come under the ropes in the next year .
If it lasts that long it will be the next year .
I beg you , look for the words ‘ social justice ’ or ‘ economic justice ’ on your church Web site .
If you find it , run as fast as you can .
Social justice and economic justice , they are code words .
Now , am I advising people to leave their church ?
Yes ! ”
Listen to the audio here
Although many Protestant denomination express concerns about social justice , the term is most closely associated with the social teachings of the Catholic Church .
A Jesuit priest , Luigi Taparelli DAzegli o , coined the term in the 1840s and based the concept on the movie downloads teachings of Thomas Aquinas .
According to the Compendium of the Social Doctrine of the Church , “ a large part of the Church ’s social teaching is solicited and determined by important social questions , to which social justice is the proper answer . ”
Social justice is even given a section in the Catechism of the Catholic Church .
Could Beck ’s claim be construed as “ anti-Catholic ? ”
Yes and no .
I think if anyone else had made the remark it would have been hard to dismiss the anti-Catholic undertones .
But Beck is a special case :
He is too prone to say any dumb thing that pops into his head and too ignorant about history and religion to truly understand the implications of his statement .
This doesnt excuse him , of course , but it certainly is reason not to be too shocked when a self - professed “ rodeo clown ” advises people to leave their churches over Catholic “ code words ” like social justice .
Still , I ’m curious to see how Beck ’s loyal defenders will excuse his latest outrageous remarks .
If we ’re not supposed to take him seriously when he says stuff like this , when exactly are we to take him seriously ?
( Via : Patrol magazine )
Police in and around the nation 's capital do n't have an easy job , but there is one area that they could improve upon : their driving .
Local police officers have been involved in hundreds of " preventable accidents " every year -- aka , " vehicular collisions that could have been avoided had the drivers adhered to traffic laws and basic roadway etiquette , " according to a report in the Washington Examiner .
D.C. police officers managed to wreck it up 237 times last fiscal year , and 600 + more times the year before , while Montgomery County police tallied 385 collisions in fiscal 2009 , and 57 preventable accidents so far this fiscal year .
Oops .
( Or should we say , crunch ? )
" These guys are sometimes the worst drivers out there , " John Townsend , AAA Mid-Atlantic spokesman , told the newspaper .
" It 's almost like they 're teenagers -- overconfident in their ability to drive .
They take defensive driving courses , but they probably should take more of them . "
In fiscal 2009 , according to D.C. statistics , District police employees sideswiped vehicles in parking lots , reversed into numerous " fixed objects , " and opened their doors into traffic .
They passed and backed up without caution , failed to control speed to avoid colliding , made unsafe U - turns , followed too close , drove on sidewalks , changed lanes without caution , and ran red lights .
At least three failed to place their cars in park .
One failed to " pay full time attention " as he operated his Segway .
Despite their dismal record , D.C. police managed not to kill anyone during those types of accidents this year .
Unlike in September 2007 , when George Thomas Riggs was struck by a police cruiser while crossing Wisconsin Avenue NW and died three weeks later .
The officer in the case allegedly " did not have enough reaction time to stop before colliding with the pedestrian , " but the family 's still suing the District over it , with a pre-trial hearing slated for April 1 .
Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca said Wednesday it was " inevitable " that nonviolent inmates in county jails would be released early if the budget crisis persists .
Currently , inmates in County Jail convicted of nonviolent offenses serve 80 % of their sentences .
But that could drop to 50 % , department officials said .
" The discussion has moved to the forefront , " department spokesman Steve Whitmore said .
" It has become another tool that we are looking at .
" Earlier this week , Baca said the department was examining a number of budget - cutting measures , including moving hundreds of deputies from administrative duties to street patrol and slashing overtime payments .
But he told reporters at a news conference Wednesday that early releases may also have to be used to cut costs .
For a period in 2004 , Baca released petty criminals early to save money .
The move was criticized by other law enforcement officials .
William J. Bratton , who was Los Angeles Police Department chief at the time , said the early releases undercut the LAPD 's so - called broken - windows strategy .
The strategy is based on the idea that punishing lesser offenses leads to reductions in more serious crime .-- Andrew Blankstein and Robert J. Lopez
Hot board : Predicting where the top men's basketball prospects will land
Seven of the top 10 men's basketball prospects in the Class of 2021 are available , and their future commitments will impact the college hoops world greatly .
The party tries to decide whether to take an assignment or just kill the people giving in .
Also : Sasha learns the term " Dungeon Master " .
Next Episode : Some monsters get killed .
James Lipton was an actor , academic , author , choreographer , interviewer , scriptwriter , and producer for stage and television projects .
He was known for creating and hosting the noted and popular TV series Inside the Actors Studio ( 1994 ) , where successful and prominent actors discussed their craft for the benefit of acting students .
James Lipton was ...
The ingenious EEVblog viewers have finally cracked the Rigol DS1052E Oscilloscope .
All you need is a serial port cable and you can turn your 50 MHz DS1052E into the 100MHz DS1102E .
Dave shows you step - by - step how easy it is , and that it does actually work .
Rigol caught with their pants down AGAIN !
NOTE : There have been a couple of reports of units failing when this mod is attempted .
The cause is unknown at this stage , but the exact sequence of serial commands keys appears to be IMPORTANT .
You CAN’T hit backspace or ENTER etc , follow the instructions precisely , key - by - key .
The vast majority have had success though .
As with all hacks , do this mod at your own risk .
UPDATE : This mod no longer works with firmware 2.04 and above .
You have to downgrade the firmware first .
See the UPDATE VIDEO .
Buy the Rigol DS1052E cheap :
The World ’s Strangest Tax Laws
Mooncake Tax
Country : China
Who ‘s affected : Chinese pastry - lovers
The bottom line :
In the midst of last year ’s economic downturn , Chinese authorities upped their tax - collection efforts ( which are usually notoriously lax ) in a bid to top up the state ’s coffers .
One of their main targets was the mo o ncake — a pastry stuffed with lotus seed paste and egg yolks , or “ whatever the baker feels like chucking in , ” that is a ubiquitous delicacy especially popular in the fall .
Mooncakes were traditionally given out during the Mid-Autumn Festival ( historically a time of moon worship ) to friends and family to cement relationships .
But now , many businesses also offer mooncakes to employees or provide coupon vouchers redeemable at local groceries for the treat .
Additionally , the cakes are given as a sort of soft bribe to employers , party officials .
Where bakers saw a mooncake explosion , government officials saw yuan signs — and launched an inspection of more than 3,100 companies last year , slapping 30 billion yuan worth of back taxes on gifted mooncakes and coupons .
In modern China , apparently , you can have your cake and tax it too .
Webcam Stripper Tax
Country : Sweden
Who ‘s affected : Online pornographers
The bottom line : The Swedish tax authority has apparently never heard of the phrase “ not safe for work . ”
Last year , the Skatteverket began c r acking down on hundreds of online webcam strippers who had neglected to pay income taxes on money received for their services .
Dag Hardyson , head of the investigation , told t h e BB C that initially the agency had difficulty identifying some of the strippers and that automated software failed to adequately target the culprits , but , “ When we investigated the sites manually , it worked better . ”
The Skatteverket estimates the lost revenue to be north of 40 million Swedish kronor ( $ 5.56 million ) .
Hardyson ’s explanation probably raises more questions than it answers : “ They are young girls , we can see from the photos .
We think that perhaps they are not well informed about the rules . ”
Creepy .
Artistic Exemption
Country : Ireland
Who ‘s affected : Authors , playwrights , other writers , composers , painters , photographers , sculptors .
The bottom line : Starving artists may be a popular romantic image , but they ’re generally not given protected legal status , except in Ireland .
A clause in th e Irish tax code makes income derived from the sale of art ( including books and other writings , plays , musical compositions , paintings or photos , and sculptures ) exempt from taxation .
Introduced in 1969 by then - Finance Minister Charles Haughey , the provision was created with the stated purpose of helping would - be Joyces and Becketts who ’ve fallen on hard times .
After charges that not exactly down - at - the - heels groups like rock supergroup U2 were paying no taxes on income of millions of euros , the rule was modified in 2006 , allowing only for 250,000 euros of income to fit under the exemption ( Bono and Co. su b sequently moved their official base of operations to the Netherlands ) .
Last year , a report from Ireland ’s Commission on Taxation labeled the exemptio n unfair , but attempts to repeal the rule were sto p ped .
So Ireland ’s penniless poets appear to be safe for now .
World Cup Tax Exemption
Countries : World cup hosts
Who ‘s affected : South African residents , nonresidents
The bottom line : South Africa is understandably thrilled to be hosting the 2010 World Cup , which opens June 11 .
A financial boost is e x pected as infrastructure improvements reach a massive scale and thousands of foreign tourists travel to the country to support their favorite teams .
But because of agreements that FIFA , the world ’s governing body for professional soccer , requires of all World Cup host countries , the boon to the state ’s bottom line will be minimal .
Before accepting any country ’s host bid , FIFA demands significant tax concessions .
For its part , South Africa agreed to create a “ tax bubble ” around stadiums and other official World Cup sites , making any income earned off goods sold within them exempt from taxation .
( Athletes , however , are not exem p t from taxation .
The South African national team , in particular , gets the shaft :
They ’ll still pay normal income - tax rates , despite being participants . )
Although FIFA promotes soccer as a way to bridge global divisions , the organization clearly is n’t afraid to throw its weight around for its own benefit .
Presto … Tax Breaks !
Country : The Netherlands
Who ‘s affected : Witches and wizards
The bottom line : Hogwarts it may not be , but a school in the Netherlands provides tax - deductible course work on witchcraft .
Margarita Rongen , the headmistress of He k s e h oeve ( Dutch for “ witch farmhouse ” ) , offers a year l ong cur r iculum in spell - casting , herbology , potions , and divination , among other classes .
The class clearly has a large following : Rongen has received applications from as far away as Dubai .
( CNN ) --
More than 100 people , many of them dressed in black , were expected to gather around a coffin Thursday night to say goodbye to an old friend .
The deceased ?
Internet Explorer 6 .
The aging Web browser , survived by its descendants Internet Explorer 7 and Internet Explorer 8 , was to be eulogized at a tongue - in - cheek " funeral " hosted by Aten Design Group , a design firm in Denver , Colorado .
The memorial service was to feature a coffin holding a " body " that has an IE6 logo for a head .
Attendees were expected to eulogize the Microsoft browser by sharing remembrances , some of which have already been posted on the company 's online funeral invitation .
" I feel terrible admitting this , but ... I never really liked him , " posted someone who gave his name as Eddie Escher .
" He had so many hang - ups , and he looked awful -- especially in his later years .
But ... he was always there when you needed him .
You have to give him that . "
Are you attending the IE6 funeral ?
Send your images , video
Internet Explorer 6 is n't exactly dead yet , and in fact remains widely used .
But in recent years , it 's been eclipsed by newer , faster browsers that are better equipped to run the Web 's latest bells and whistles .
Google Docs and Google Sites discontinued support for the browser Monday , and YouTube will follow suit March 13 .
" The web has evolved in the last ten years , from simple text pages to rich , interactive applications including video and voice .
Unfortunately , very old browsers cannot run many of these new features effectively , " wrote a senior product manager in a Google blog post .
He urged users to upgrade to more modern browsers .
Released in 2001 , IE6 was the standard for Web surfing for most users until 2006 , when Microsoft launched IE7 .
The most recent version , Internet Explorer 8 , followed in March 2009 .
IE8 commanded 22.5 percent of the browser market last month , according to NetMarketShare , an analytics firm .
Despite its age , IE6 still held on to 19.8 percent of the market in February -- more than IE7 .
Overall , Internet Explorer remains by far the most commonly used Web browser , ahead of Firefox , Chrome and Safari .
This is not the first time someone has tried to bury Internet Explorer 6 .
A handful of Facebook groups are dedicated to killing off the browser , and an " IE must die " movement has circulated on Twitter .
While Microsoft would not comment on Thursday 's IE6 funeral , the company has consistently recommended that consumers upgrade to its latest version of Internet Explorer and acknowledges that its dated browser is no longer the most efficient way to surf the Web .
" While we recommend Internet Explorer 8 to all customers , we understand we have a number of corporate customers for whom broad deployment of new technologies across their desktops requires more planning , " a Microsoft representative wrote in an e-mail to CNN .
Thursday 's mock funeral was inspired by Google 's decision to phase out IE6 this month , said Jon Clark , business development director for Aten Design Group .
The Web site 's funeral invitation reads , " Internet Explorer Six , resident of the interwebs for over 8 years , died the morning of March 1 , 2010 in Mountain View , California , as a result of a workplace injury sustained at the headquarters of Google , Inc . "
The funeral and online invitation caught the attention of thousands of people with similar hopes that IE6 will eventually be obsolete , including a group of people in Iceland who are hosting an IE6 funeral of their own .
Clark said he initially expected about 30 to 50 people to attend the Denver funeral .
More than 1,000 online comments and 6,000 Twitter tweets later , the company has had to move the event to a larger venue to accommodate interest .
" We certainly did n't expect the exposure we 've gotten , " Clark said .
So will mourners be shedding tears for IE6 on Thursday night ?
" Crocodile tears , " Clark said .
" It 's all in good fun . "
But MG Siegler of TechCrunch , the technology news site , believes Thursday 's service wo n't be the last that Web users hear of Internet Explorer 6 .
As many as hundreds of thousands of sites out there still support IE6 and in some cases were built specifically for it , he said .
" It 's going to be a hard sucker to kill , " Siegler wrote in a recent post .
" But at least a funeral will provide some closure until we find the body . "
In a way , all museums are for geeks – because geeks love history , science , and the pursuit of knowledge .
But putting aside the mainstream museums we are all familiar with , there are some more specialized ones that are particularly tantalizing to those of the geek persuasion .
This list looks at ten museums that every geek must try to visit at least once .
I should warn you in advance , “ museum ” may be a little bit of a stretch for one or two of these places , but you will agree that they all deserve a place on this list .
10 Niagara Science Museum
Address : 3625 Highland Ave. , Niagara Falls , New York , 14305 , United States
The name may sound boring , but this is n’t just any museum of scientific interest .
At the Niagara Science Museum , you can see a vast array of historic and antique scientific instruments but they are all to be found in perfectly reconstructed historically accurate laboratories .
The museum covers science from the period of 1870 – 1930 so it is , in a way , showing science at the heyday of the industrial revolution .
Among the many fascinating labs set up , the most interesting is the high - voltage lab .
And just when you thought it could n’t get any better , all of the instruments are fully functioning so you can see live demonstrations .
[ Image Source ]
9 Computer History Museum
Address : 1401 N. Shoreline Boulevard , Mountain View , California , 94043 , United States
This Silicon Valley museum is a must see for computer geeks even if for one reason alone : it contains a fully functional replica of the original Difference Engine by Charles Babbage .
The difference engine is considered the first example of a mechanical computing device and demonstrations are given daily .
While you are there you can also see a Cray - 1 Supercomputer and a wide variety of other devices which come from the history and pre-history of computing .
The museum also hosts talks and demonstrations regularly so it is well worth the visit .
[ Image Source ]
8 Marvin ’s Marvelous Mechanical Museum
Address : 31005 Orchard Lake Road , Farmington Hills , 48334 , United States
Nestled behind and between two shopping malls , Marvin ’s Marvelous Mechanical Museum party - storish pink - awned exterior belies the utter visual cacophony that will assault your senses upon entering the premises .
Once your eyes become accustomed to the light they will feast upon 5500 square feet of horror vacui style decoration consisting of old arcade games , automata , model airplanes , vintage fans , and other objects entirely suited to the venue .
Collected over the last 50 years by pharmacist Marvin Yagoda , fully appreciating this collection will require more than one visit .
[ Image Source ]
7 Svalbard Seed Bank
Address : Spitsbergen , Norway
So it ’s a bank not a museum , but who cares ?
The concept is straight out of a science fiction novel and it is a storage device of historic “ things ” so it needs to be on this list .
In order to preserve gene diversity of major food crops , international institutions have established a series of green gene banks , which store samples of genetic material of various strains of each plant species .
With the dangers of popular crops being destroyed by disease ( as in the case of some bananas today ) , keeping these seeds means that the plants may be restored one day .
The Svalbard Seed Bank is a king of “ super - bank ” of these seeds – it keeps copies of all the seeds stored around the world in various national seed databases .
This is a definite must - see not just for those interested in biology , but anyone interested in man ’s attempts to protect against future catastrophes .
The facility currently has a capacity to conserve 4.5 million seed samples .
With approximately 1.5 million distinct seed samples of agricultural crops thought to exist , the Svalbard Seed Bank can store roughly three of each sample .
[ Image Source ]
6 Titan Missile Museum
Address : 1580 W. Duval Mine Rd. , Sahuarita , Arizona , United States
The Titan Missile Museum is the only megaton missile silo from the Cold War that admits tourists .
It is found in the middle of the Arizona Desert and until its decommission in 1982 , it was the largest nuclear missile silo in the continental US .
When you visit the Titan Missile Museum you get to see up close the missile used for training exercises ( the original functioning missile is not there for obvious reasons ) , the control room , and the living quarters ( designed to survive a direct attack ) .
The coolest part of the tour is the simulated launch which involved the two - key ignition system with secret codes .
From time to time you are able to arrange to sleep in the crew ’s quarters overnight .
[ Image Source ]
5 Pacific Pinball Museum
Address : 1510 Webster St , Alameda , California , United States
Once called Bagatelle , pinball descended from billiards and other table games of the mid-1700s .
But pinball was first patented in 1871 by Montague Redgrave who added the spring - loaded plunger to start the game .
Because of its association with gambling , pinball machines were banned in many large American cities , like New York and Los Angeles , in the 1940s .
By the mid-70s the laws were overturned when a pinball - defender proved that pinball was a game of skill , not a game of luck .
The Pacific Pinball Museum outside of Oakland offers over 90 “ playable , historic pinball machines ” with the signature lights , bells and whistles of the greatest models .
Like most museums , the PPM owns a much larger collection – over 400 machines !
– but only some are available for the public to see .
This is a museum worth visiting for those who love the old - style mechanical games and those who want to see a rudimentary precursor to the modern electronic games – which leads us to our next museum : the National Center for Electronic Games .
[ Image Source ]
4 National Center for Electronic Games
Address : One Manhattan Square , Rochester , New York , 14607 , United States
The full name of this museum is “ The National Center for the History of Electronic Games ” .
The National Center for the History of Electronic Games ( NCHEG ) is located at the Strong National Museum of Play , the only museum in the world solely dedicated to exploring the history of play and its broader impact on society .
The permanent collection includes an extensive range of over 20,000 games and consoles , from the early years of the Atari models to today ’s Nintendo Wii .
Included in the collection are over 10,000 individual video game titles , 5,000 children ’s educational games , 100 different hand held models , and a large collection of electronic toys , such as Tamagotchi and Webkinz .
But the best part : most of the models are in working condition and available to play !
Why would n’t you visit this museum ?
[ Image Source ]
3 Pirate Soul Museum
Address : 524 Front Street , Key West , Florida , 33040 , United States
Most geeks are also likely to have occasionally downloaded some music or movies from pirate bay .
And it is certainly no secret that the pirate language is popular amongst the Internet hoards – even facebook can be displayed in pirate – so this item simply had to be here .
Founded by entrepreneur Pat Croce , the Pirate Soul Museum is the largest and most authentic collection of pirate artifacts in the world .
With 48 individual exhibit areas , the museum includes such ill - gotten booty as pieces of gold retrieved from Blackbeard ’s warship the Queen Anne ’s Revenge , his blunderbuss , one of only two remaining authentic Jolly Roger flags , and Thomas Tew ’s original treasure chest , the only known authentic pirate treasure chest in the world .
Exhibits include pirate weapons , treasure , buccaneers life , writing and art depicting these feared fortune - hunters .
[ Image Source ]
2 Maison d’Ailleurs
Address : Place Pestalozzi 14 , Yverdon - les - Bains , 1400 , Switzerland
The Maison d’Ailleurs ( House of Elsewhere ) is a museum of science fiction , utopias , and futurism .
Its archives contain around 70,000 documents related to science fiction as well as all things futuristic – books , art pieces , toys – including some very old , unique pieces , a few dating back to the sixteenth century .
The collections of the museum are also used for iconographic purposes and research ( literature , the history of ideas , design , and so on .
In 2008 , the museum premiered a new wing dedicated entirely to Jules Verne and early science fiction ( it now houses the most important collection of documents relating to Verne ) .
It also presents two to three temporary exhibitions per year , centered on the main themes of science fiction – cities of the future ( both utopian and dystopian ) , space travel and aliens , lost worlds , etc. – and the artists who rendered them beautifully .
[ Image Source ]
1 Mundaneum
Address : 76 rue de Nimy , Mons , 7000 , Belgium
This really is the museum of museums for Geeks – it is , in a strange way , man ’s first Internet .
When the Mundaneum opened in 1910 , its purpose was to collect all of the world ’s knowledge on neatly organized 3 x 5 index cards .
The brainchild of Belgian lawyer Paul Otlet and Nobel Peace Prize winner Henri LaFontaine , the vast project eventually totaled 12 million cards , each classified according to the Universal Decimal Classification system developed by Otlet .
Le Corbusier was one of many prominent figures enthralled by Otlet ’s scheme of a “ Universal Book . ”
He described it as a panorama of “ the whole of human history from its origins , ” and signed on to design an international “ city of the intellect , ” centered around the Mundaneum .
Though Otlet ’s name is little remembered today outside the field of information science , he deserves credit for developing many of the ideas behind the modern Internet .
What ’s left of the Mundaneum persists in a museum in the Centre d’archives de la Communauté Française in Mons , Belgium .
[ Image Source ]
CIFRAS .
En 2008 el Coneval estimó que 47.2 millones ( 44.2 % de la población ) vivieron en situación de pobreza .
( Foto : ARCHIVO EL UNIVERSAL )
El poder adquisitivo de los mexicanos es igual al de los 70 , dice el ITESM
You have just finished patting yourself on your back for getting a team of seriously kick ass developers up and running .
The team has not just flocked together , they have actually proved to you that they actually have the secret sauce for success .
Products are on time .
Customers love your organization .
The sky is blue and it is not even falling .
You think of giving yourself the liberty to feel really happy about the amazing work environment and the work culture of your organization .
That is when Jack walks into your cubical and tells you that he is n't feeling motivated enough .
Jack , dear reader , has a problem .
A problem that he himself , in his very own words , describes as - ' Too much freedom ' .
You know where this is going .
You see is that of Morpheus from The Matrix holding up a battery and saying - " The Matrix is a computer - generated dream world built to keep us under control in order to change a human being into this . '
You cringe .
' Shut up and listen to him ' - you tell yourself as you intently listen to Jack describing his problem .
Sitting right across the table , Jack , dear reader , is telling you that he needs more monitoring , stringent deadlines and above all what he calls a ' big hard push ' so that he can get things done .
Not everyone is self motivated - Jack tells you .
Jack wraps the discussion by telling you that in the absence of artificial deadlines and constant monitoring he is not feeling motivated enough to get things done .
Then as you sit there and reflect really hard you realize that Jack is not looking for motivation .
He is looking for fear .
Fear that can drive him to get his job done .
Fear that can force him to grow his branches far and wide even if he does not really feel motivated to grow deeper roots .
What Jack is trying to do , dear reader , has its root back in the pre-historic era and how the human race evolved .
Dragos Roua describes this phenomenon much more articulately than me .
He explains :
Our brain has a very deep connection with fear .
Deep in our limbic brain ( the oldest part of our brain , also called the “ reptilian ” brain ) lies the centers of fear .
On top of them other layers of our brain have grown .
But the deeper core is still there and it can still be activated .
Whether we like it or not , we ’re still conditioned to act on fear .
Our limbic brain is still stimulated by a variety of factors .
We translated our old fears related to survival to our modern indicators of success : we ’re afraid of being taken for less than we are or we ’re afraid that somebody talks bad about us .
We ’re afraid that we ’re going to lose something if we ’re not talking “ immediate and aggressive ” action towards the potential danger .
What Jack , dear reader , is asking you to do , is basically stimulate his limbic brain .
Put simply , Jack is asking for a shot of fear - based - steroids so that he can play a few power - shots in his professional life .
Dragos , in the same article , also describes why the basic approach can be fairly lethal in the long term .
He explains :
Negativity is powerful .
Every time you ’re afraid , you ’re giving your focus and power to the potential danger .
All your energy must be there , because your reptilian brain is telling you ’ll have to survive .
Does n’t matter for that reptilian brain if the fear was socially induced , if you scream “ fear ” it will be activated .
The more fear factors you have , the more energy you ’ll have to allocate .
And you ’re going to pay attention to a lot of potential dangers .
Sooner than you think , you ’ll measure your success by the rate of your survival actions .
And you ’re becoming accountable to your fear sources .
You ’ll be actually driven by your fear sources .
This is why a fearful person is so easy to manipulate .
Turning human beings into batteries is what most software development shops around the world are so very good at .
We tend to refer to people as ' resources ' and use every arrow in our management quiver to strike terror in those ' resources ' so that we can improve their productivity .
You realize how bad things are when the best of your people come to you begging for shots of fear - based - steroids , under the excuse that not - everyone - is - self - motivated .
I leave you , dear reader , with one little thought worth harping on .
You might not be self motivated .
Motivation may not come from within , but that is not an excuse for not looking for your own motivation yourself ; and while you are at it , you might want to look for it really hard ; because if you do not look for your motivation , it will not come looking for you .
Take a few shots of fear - based - steroids and you might be a ' resource ' that runs on a battery before you know it .
And then when that happens do not crib about how big an ass - hole your manager is .
Now go read a few books , watch TED videos , play around with some seriously interesting technology you feel passionately about or find your own avenues of looking for getting constant motivation .
I wish you good luck .
I love looking at really cool properties , here are a few of the most awesomely bizarre designs that I have seen around the web recently including a cube home , one in a forest , a see - through home , one made from containers and bamboo and another that is situated almost on a river .
Cube Home
Image credit : Alternative Consumer
The cube shaped eco property pictured above is one of the LV Series designed by Rocio Romero .
Because LV properties have deep wall and roof cavities along with rigid and tapered insulation they are highly energy efficient .
LV Series properties are pretty affordable and only cost between $ 20,570 and $ 46,050 , other then that you just need somewhere nice to put one .
Get more info at the Rocio Romero website .
Forest Home Image credit : WebUrbanist
The Raleigh , North Carolina forest home pictured above is the personal residence of architect Michael Rantilla from the Feelon Group .
The white metal deck ceilings are designed to alow the environmental sounds of rainfall and natural daylight to permeat the house .
The rest is made from steel , concrete , glass , aluminum , zinc , ipe , maple and bamboo .
Get more pics .
and info. at Contemporist .
See - Through Home Image credit : HomeDesignFind
The stunning see - though home pictured above by Hillary Priest Architecture provides spectacular views from the inside out as well as the outside in .
As you can see in the picture the pool spans the full length of the property .
Think about how nice it would be relaxing in there whilst looking out at the beautiful bay .
Get more pics .
and info. at Trendir .
Container Home
Image credit : Inhabitat
The eco-friendly home pictured above from Bamboo Groove Housing , a Costa Rican construction company is made from insulated shipping containers and bamboo and designed for Tropical climates .
The property insulates from the heat and provides lots of natural ventilation to keep you cool whilst helping the environment .
Get more info .
and pics. at Inhabitat .
Water Home
Image credit : dornob
The incredible property pictured above called the Hind House sits on the banks of the river Loddon near the village of Wargrave in the UK .
As you can see in the pciture when the river banks flood there 's no problem , thanks to structural supports the house is held high above the flood plain .
It was designed as a one off project by John Pardey Architects , you can find more info .
and pics . on their website .
[ Ed . Note :
The following is a FanPost written by a community member .
The level of analysis GelatinousMutantCoconut put into the post is certainly notable and noticeable , and for that reason it 's been promoted to the front page .
For more info on FanPosts or FanShots , check out the SBN Welcome Guide . ]
Heatley - Spezza - Alfredsson vs Michalek - Spezza- Alfredsson
Alfredsson is n’t the same force , but he ’s still an elite ageless wonder .
Spezza ’s game seemed to decline until fairly recently , when he finally realized he could shoot the puck .
Michalek is a downgrade in terms of goal scoring from Heatley , but brings better defense , speed and grit .
Though less offensively dominant , I like the current incarnation a bit better , especially for playoff hockey ( Though hopefully Michalek is n’t doubly cursed come playoff time .
After all he is a former Shark .
Scary . )
Cullen - Fisher - Kovalev vs Schaefer - Fisher - Comrie
Certainly a HUGE upgrade .
Fisher is having his best year , Cullen is so much better in all areas than Schaefer , and Kovalev , when he wants , can do things Mike Comrie can only dream of .
Again , 2010 wins it , though much more emphatically .
Foligno - Regin-Shannon vs Schubert - McAmmond - Eaves ( Saprykin )
Ok , I realize I ’m comparing 2010 ’s third line with 2007 ’s fourth .
That ’s because 2007 ’s fourth and 2010 ’s third are almost identical .
Got that ?
Anyway , another major upgrade .
Regin lacks McAmmond 's veteran status , but he often plays with veteran poise .
He can do it all , and I believe that at least in terms of offensive and defensive play , he ’s the next Alfie .
Foligno brings more to the table than Schubert , though he sacrifices some grit .
Shannon and Eaves are almost a crap shoot really .
Still , once again a major win for 2010 .
Ruutu - Kelly - Neil vs Vermette - Kelly - Neil
Less offense and versatility , more grit .
More scoring on every other line makes up for the former .
The latter is essential come playoff time .
And 2010 sweeps the forward ranks .
Phillips - Volchenkov vs Phillips - Volchenkov
Phillips just seems to get better with age .
His poise in his own end , and his improvements at moving the puck , make him probably the most underrated defensive defenseman in the league .
Volchenkov is a beast , and everyone knows it .
Obviously a draw , though I might lean towards 2010 as added experience could help out .
( Note : I still believe they should be separated , putting Karlsson with Phillips and Kuba with Volchenkov , therefore spreading out the offense and defense and balancing the pairings . )
Redden - Meszaros vs Kuba- Karlsson
Kuba is n’t really a downgrade from post 2006 Redden .
Just MUCH cheaper .
otherwise your getting the same .
30 - 40 - point offensive - minded defenseman who gets overpowered in his own zone .
Like - wise Karlsson and Meszaros look very similar , but I ’ll give the edge to Karlsson , as despite his size , he does n’t shy away from contact .
Sutton - Carkner vs Preissing - Corvo
So much different … gritty defense instead of steady offense .
The lack of the latter was part of the ' 07 team 's downfall …could this be this years Scuderi - Gill ?
I certainly hope so .
If this pairing requires some mobility or offense , Campoli could step in .
I ’m going to call this a draw .
Elliott vs Emery
Oh how very similar these two are .
Both came in as rookies and helped salvage a season , then watched as management brought in a unproven starter who was supposedly better .
Then both won the number one job when the new starter faltered .
But since Elliott is n’t a headcase , I ’ll give him the advantage .
Leclaire vs Gerber
Both can let in agonizing softies .
Leclaire has more upside , but is about as fragile as a glass Sami Salo figurine .
Draw .
So , if you count a win as 2 points , a draw as 1 , and a loss as 0 , 2010 wins hands - down .
2010 : 12 2007 : 3
I think we have a very good chance of coming out of the East this year .
Washington has the same problems as the Russian national team : no defense or goaltending .
New Jersey is about our equal , but we could beat them in a 7 game series .
We always have Buffalo ’s number .
Pittsburgh should be exhausted after two long playoff runs .
Philadelphia has two back - up goaltenders .
If we can exploit these flaws , we could make it to our second Finals .
[ Disclaimer :
The preceding post was written by a member of the Silver Seven community , and does not necessarily reflect the beliefs or opinions of the site managers , editors , or Sports Blogs Nation , Inc . ]
SANTA ANA – State law makers and local police are looking to keep convicted sex offenders from online social networks such as MySpace and Facebook , where authorities said sexual predators now roam looking for victims .
“ The reality of the world is , yesterday ’s playground is today ’s social networking site , ” said Kamala Harris , district attorney for the San Francisco District .
As minors continue to flock toward social sites such as MySpace and Facebook , so do sexual predators who are looking for victims , officials said .
Just as minors are protected from convicted sex offenders in places such as schools and parks , they must too be protected from the cyber world where they socialize .
“ My playground ( as a child ) was a slide and a few swings , ” said Assemblywoman Norma Torres ( D - Pomona ) , author of the proposed law .
“ The new playground is the Internet , social networking sites . ”
In a press conference Wednesday , Santa Ana Police Chief Paul Walters and the San Francisco District Attorney , officials pitched a proposed law that would make it illegal for a registered sex offender to use any social networking site .
Officials likened the proposed restrictions to those already in place , which prevent sex offenders from being near schools .
The difference , officials said , is an adaptation to the world we live in today .
“ The more sophisticated the world gets , the more sophisticated the criminals get , ” said Cpl. Anthony Bertagna of the Santa Ana Police Department .
Police cited the case of Matthew Martinez Castaneda , a 33 - year - old man accused of courting a 12 - year - old girl on MySpace and allegedly raping her in an Anaheim motel after taking her to two theme parks .
Castaneda was not a registered sex offender , but if convicted , he would be prohibited from using MySpace in the future under the proposed law .
“ Now we have a new frontier , ” said Assemblyman Jose Solorio ( D - Anaheim ) , who is supporting the proposed law .
“ Our children are gathering online .
Just like they used to make friends in the classroom , they are now making friends online . ”
Details of the proposed bill , known as AB 2208 , are still being worked out , Torres said .
Specific on what penalties would be faced have not been worked out , but violators could face up to six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine .
According to Harris , one in 33 minors are solicited for sex online , and only a quarter of them report the incident to their parents .
“ With this technology , when we open that laptop , we basically open the front door to our house , ” Harris said .
With the proposed bill , parents would be able to report to police when a sex offender is courting their child online , before the child is victimized , Torres said .
Stings where law enforcement officials pretend to be an underage child to see if they are courted by an potential sexual predator is not uncommon , but the proposed legislation would be preemptive , officials said .
As a sex offender registers with local law enforcement , they would also be prohibited from using social networking sites .
Under the proposed law , a social network site would be considered one used by a large number of minors .
Other social sites , like those that can be used to search for employment , would not be included in the definition , Harris said .
The bill is expected to be reviewed in committee on March 23 .
Contact the writer : shernandez@ocregister.com or 949-454-7361
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at former US President George W Bush has found himself on the receiving end of a shoe - throwing attack .
Muntadar al - Zaidi was speaking about Iraqi war victims at a news conference in Paris , but managed to duck in time .
Media reports said the attacker was an exiled Iraqi journalist who defended US policy and accused Zaidi of " working for dictatorship in Iraq " .
After a brief scuffle in the audience , Zaidi quipped : " He stole my technique . "
The AP news agency said Zaidi's brother , Maithan , chased the attacker in the Paris audience and pelted him - with a shoe - as he ran from the room .
Marriage offers Muntadar al - Zaidi's protest in Baghdad in December 2008 made him a hero in the eyes of many and sparked a spate of shoe - throwing attacks at politicians in several parts of the world .
MUNTADAR AL - ZAIDI
Iraq shoe thrower ' was tortured '
Profile : Shoe - throwing reporter
As he hurled his shoes , Zaidi shouted at Mr Bush : " This is a goodbye kiss , you dog ... from the widows , the orphans and those who were killed in Iraq . "
He was convicted of assaulting a foreign leader , and served nine months of a 12 - month prison sentence .
After his release in September , he said he was tortured while in jail .
At his appearance in Paris , organised by the Arab Press Club , he said he was receiving medical treatment in Geneva for broken teeth , fractures and other injuries he sustained .
Asked about the sums of money and even offers of marriage that he is said to have received , Zaidi said he told his family to refuse all gifts " until I find a way that they can be passed on to the people of Iraq " , AP quoted him as saying .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What 's the nerdiest kind of nerd ?
Star Wars Magic The Gathering A Cappella Sports Crossword Puzzles Movies Classic Video Games Lord of The Rings Knitting Star Trek Music LARPing Astronomy Comics World of Warcraft Literature Classical Music Civil War Politics and Economics Sci-Fi Harry Potter Dungeons and Dragons Webcomics pollcode.com free polls
Bike Hugger http://community.bikehugger.com/entry/6a00d834533a7a69e20128777f674a970c
Sales of a certain snack sausage are reportedly up 40 % in South Korea thanks to the iPhone .
In the cold of winter , South Koreans are using the sausages as styluses instead of taking off their gloves .
That 's one accessory we do n't expect to turn up in the Apple store anytime soon .
Via : Kottke / Clusterflock
See Also : 11 Apple Execs Hellbent On Destroying Google
Topflight international reverse - alchemy boffins say they have managed to transmute gold into an entirely new form of " negatively strange " antihypernucleic antimatter , ultra - bizarre stuff which cannot possibly occur naturally - except perhaps inside the cores of collapsed stars .
The transmutation was carried out at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) , a powerful * atom - smasher located at America 's Brookhaven National Laboratory .
Blasting a pair of high - energy gold nuclei into each other as is their wont , RHIC boffins found they had created something very odd indeed .
Sometimes there is more strangeness than none at all .
Or less .
Essentially , according to their explanation , you 've got your regular old Periodic Table of elements , which no doubt we all recall at least dimly from skool , which is based on the number of protons ( Z ) in an atom 's nucleus .
Then different isotopes of each element have differing numbers of neutrons ( N ) , as in the case of hydrogen , deuterium and tritium ( a proton and no , one or two neutrons ) .
Regular old boring antimatter , having antiprotons and antineutrons , simply has minus values of Z and N. Easy peasy .
But more advanced boffinry also calls for a third axis showing the number of " strange " quarks present - normal protons and neutrons contain only " up " and " down " quarks .
An isotope containing one or more " strange " quarks is a hypernucleus , lying above the regular chart of stuff and anti-stuff on the Strangeness ( S ) axis .
All previous matter and antimatter seen had been normal or positively - strange hypernucleic sorts .
But international boffins analysing the RHIC gold - buster results have now discovered a an anti-deuterium nucleus containing an antiproton , an antineutron - and , gobsmackingly - an " anti- strange " quark .
It is thus a " negatively strange " ** anti-hypernucleus lying below the plane of ordinary matter and antimatter , the first stuff ever known to do so .
“ This experimental discovery may have unprecedented consequences for our view of the world , ” comments Horst Stoecker , German boffinry chief .
“ This antimatter pushes open the door to new dimensions in the nuclear chart — an idea that just a few years ago , would have been viewed as impossible . ”
Jinhui Chen , lead scientist probing the strangely - strange antimatter , believes that this confirmation that such bizarro - stuff can exist may help to explain what happens in such extreme cosmic environments as the heart of a collapsar .
“ The strangeness value could be non-zero " [ in such places ] says Chen , a statement with which no doubt most would agree .
The nega - strange anti-deuterium was produced , according to a Brookhaven statement , probably not so much from the actual gold banging together at lightspeed but rather " from the quantum vacuum via the conversion of energy into mass in accordance with Einsteins famous equation E = mc 2 " .
It was detected by the Solenoidal Tracker At RHIC ( STAR ) detector complex .
Chen and his colleagues ' research is published this week by Science Express , here . ®
Bootnote
* Though not , of course , to compare with the big daddy of the particle - punishment world , the Large Hadron Collider outside Geneva .
However the RHIC has been around a lot longer and its teething troubles are well behind it , meaning that it is at the moment rather more useful .
** We would suggest a special name for the quality of negative strangeness .
Perhaps " ultramundanity " or " hyper- boringness " .
For reports that include :
substance : --- All --- α-PCYP α-PHP α-PVP 1,4- Butanediol 19-Norandrostenedione 1B-LSD 1cP-LSD 1F -LSD 1P-ETH-LAD 1P -LSD 2'- Oxo- PCE 2,6- Dibromomescaline 2- , 3 - , or 4 - Methylmethcathinone 2 - Aminoindan 2-Fluoroamphetamine 2-Fluorodeschloroketamine 2-Fluoroethamphetamine 2-Fluoromethamphetamine 2 - hydroxycocaine 2 - Me-DMT 2 - Methyl AP -237 2-Methyl-2-Butanol 2-Methylmethcathinone 25B-NBOH 25B-NBOMe 25C-NBOH 25C-NBOMe 25D-NBOMe 25E-NBOH 25E-NBOMe 25G- NBOMe 25H-NBOMe 25I - NBOH 25I - NBOMe 25N- NBOMe 25P-NBOMe 25T7 - NBOMe 2C - B 2C -B- Fly 2C - C 2C - D 2C -E 2C-EF 2C -G - N 2C - H 2C - I 2C-IP 2C - N 2C - P 2C - T 2C - T- 13 2C - T-2 2C -T-21 2C - T-4 2C -T-7 2C-TFM 3,4-Dichloromethylphenidate 3-Chloroethcathinone 3 -FEA 3 - Fluoroamphetamine 3 -Fluoromethamphetamine 3 -HO - PCE 3-HO - PCP 3-MEO -PCE 3-MeO - PCMo 3-MeO-PCP 3-Methylmethcathinone 3C - B 3C - E 3C -P 3F -PCP 3F - Phenmetrazine 4 - AcO - DALT 4-AcO-DET
4 -AcO-DiPT 4 - AcO-DMT
4 -AcO-DPT 4-AcO-EIPT
4-AcO-EPT 4-AcO-MALT
4-AcO-MET
4-AcO-MiPT 4 -AcO-MPT 4-Chloroethcathinone 4-Chloromethcathinone
4-Ethylmethcathinone 4-Fluoroamphetamine 4-Fluorobutyrfentanyl 4-Fluorococaine 4-Fluoromethamphetamine 4-Fluoromethcathinone 4-Fluoromethylphenidate 4-HO -DET
4-HO -DiPT 4-HO - DPT
4-HO-EPT 4-HO - MALT
4-HO -MCPT 4-HO-MET 4-HO-MiPT 4-HO - MPT 4-MeO-DMT 4-MeO-MiPT 4-MeO-PCP 4-Methoxymethcathinone 4-Methylaminorex 4-Methylamphetamine 4-Methylethcathinone 4-Methylmethcathinone 4 - MTA 4 - PrO-DMT 4C -D 4F - PHP 5 - APB 5 - APDB 5 - EAPB 5 -IT 5 - MAPB 5-MeO-AET 5-MeO-AMT 5-MeO-BFE 5-MeO-DALT 5-MeO-DET 5-MeO-DiBF 5-MeO-DiPT 5-MeO-DMT
5-MeO-DPT 5-MeO-EIPT
5-MeO-MALT 5-MeO-MET 5-MeO-MIPT 5-MeO-TMT 5-MES-DMT
5 - Methoxy - Tryptamine 5-Methoxymethylone 5 - Methyl - MDA 5F - AKB48 5F - MDMB -PICA
6 - APB 6 - APDB 6 -MAPB 7-Hydroxymitragynine AB -001 AB - CHMINACA AB -FUBINACA
Absinthe Acacia Acacia confusa Acacia maidenii Acacia phlebophylla Acepromazine Acetaminophen Acetildenafil Acetylfentanyl Aconitum napellus ADB-FUBINACA Adrafinil Adrenochrome AET AH - 7921 AL - LAD Albizia julibrissin Alcohol Alcohol - Beer / Wine Alcohol - Hard ALD - 52 ALEPH Aleph - 4 Allylescaline Aloes alpha-GPC AM - 2201 AM - DIPT Amanitas Amanitas - A. muscaria Amanitas - A. pantherina AMB - FUBINACA
Amphetamines Amphetamines - Substituted AMT Anabolic Steroids Anadenanthera colubrina Anadenanthera peregrina Anadenanthera spp. Animals Animals - Black Widow Spider Animals - Fire Ants Animals - Frogs Aniracetam Anise Argemone spp. Armodafinil Arundo donax Arylcyclohexylamines Ashwagandha Aspirin Atropine Ayahuasca Bacopa monnieri Bad / Suspect Ecstasy Banisteriopsis caapi Banisteriopsis muricata Barbital Barbiturates BDB Bee Belladonna Benzodiazepines Benzydamine Berberine Betel Nut Biperiden Bismuth Subsalicylate bk - 2C - B bk - DMBDB bk - EBDB bk - EBDP bk - MBDB bk - MDDMA bk - MDEA Black Cohosh Blue Lily BOD BOH - 2C - B Boophone disticha Borage Bremelanotide Bromadol Bromazepam Bromo - Dragonfly Brugmansia Brunfelsia spp. Bryonia Bufotenin Butalbital Butyrfentanyl BZ BZP Cacahuaxochitl Cacao Cacti - columnar Cacti - M. geometrizans Cacti - Mescaline - containing Cacti - T. bridgesii Cacti - T. pachanoi Cacti - T. peruvianus Cacti - T. terscheckii Caffeine Calamus Calea zacatechichi Canarium luzonicum Cannabidiol Cannabinoid Receptor Agonists Cannabinoids Cannabis Cannabis - Hash Cannabis - High CBD Cannabis - High THC Capsaicin Capsicum spp. Carbidopa Carbogen Carbon Dioxide Carnegiea gigantea Casimiroa edulis Catha edulis Cathinone Catnip Catuaba Cerebrolysin Cestrum spp. Chamomile Changa Cheese - Blue Chloral Hydrate Chlorobutanol Chloroform Chlorpheniramine Maleate Chocolate Citicoline Clenbuterol Clobazam Clonazolam Clotiazepam Cloves Clozapine Coca Cocaine Codeine Coffee Coleus Coluracetam Coryphantha macromeris CP 47,497 CP 55,940 Crack Cytisus scoparius DALT Damiana Datura Delosperma cooperi Deschloroetizolam Deschloroketamine Desfontainia spinosa Desfontainia spp. Desloratadine Desmanthus illinoensis Desomorphine Desoxyescaline Desoxypipradrol Desvenlafaxine DET Detomidine DHEA Diclazepam Dimenhydrinate Dimethocaine Dioscorea spp. Diphenhydramine Diphenidine Diphenoxylate Diphenyl-2-pyrrolidinemethanol Diplopterys cabrerana DiPT Ditran Dizocilpine DMAE DMMDA DMT DMT - Containing DOB DOC DOET DOF DOI DOIP DOM DON Donepezil DOPR DPT Duloxetine DXM DXO Echinacea Entada rheedii Ephedra nevadensis Ephedra sinica Ephedrine Ephenidine Epimedium spp. EPT Ergoloid mesylates Ergot Erythrina mulungu Erythroxylum novogranatense Escaline Estradiol Etaqualone ETH-LAD Ether Ethylcathinone Ethylene Ethylphenidate Etizolam Eyebright Fasoracetam Flualprazolam Flubromazepam Flubromazolam Flunitrazolam Fluorophenibut Flutoprazepam Foxglove Frankincense Furanylfentanyl GABA GABOB Galangal Galantamine Gamma-Crotonolactone Garlic GBL GHB GHV Ginger Ginkgo biloba Ginseng Glaucine Gotu Kola Guanfacine Guarana GVL H.B. Woodrose Halothane Harmala Alkaloids Harmaline Harmine HDMP - 28 Heimia myrtifolia Heimia salicifolia Herbal Ecstasy Heroin Hoodia gordonii Hops Hordenine Horseradish HOT - 17 HOT - 2 HOT - 7 HU - 210 Huasca Brew Huasca Brew Group Huasca Combo Huasca Group Huperzine Hydrangea Hydrocodone Hydromorphone Hydroxyzine Hyoscyamine Hyoscyamus niger Hypocretin IAP Iboga Alkaloid Group Ibogaine Idebenone Ilex guayusa Ilex vomitoria Indian Warrior Inhalants Inhalants - Nitrites Isopropylphenidate JB -336 Jojoba JWH -018 JWH -019 JWH -073 JWH - 081 JWH - 122 JWH - 200 JWH - 210 JWH - 250 Kava Ketamine Kola Nut Kratom L- DOPA Lactuca - L. canadensis Lactuca - L. virosa Lactuca spp. Lady's Slipper Lagochilus inebrians Lamid Lavandula spp. Lecithin Lemon Balm Leonotis leonurus Leonotis nepetaefolia Leonurus cardiaca Leonurus sibiricus Levamisole Levetiracetam Levmetamfetamine Licorice Root Lisdexamfetamine Lobelia spp. Lofepramine Loperamide Loratadine Lorcaserin Lotus / Lily - Nelumbo nucifera Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea alba Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea ampla Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea nouchali var caerulea Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea pubescens Lotus / Lily - Unknown spp. Lotus / Lily Group LSA LSD LSM - 775 LSZ MALT Mandrake Mansoa alliacea MAOIs MBDB mCPP MDA MDAI MDE MDMA MDMB - CHMICA MDOH MDPHP MDPR MDPT MDPV MEAI Meclofenoxate Melatonin MEM MeOPP Mescaline Mescaline - NBOMe MET Metaxalone Methadone Methallylescaline Methamphetamine Methaqualone Methcathinone Methiopropamine Methocarbamol Methoxetamine Methoxmetamine Methoxphenidine Methoxpropamine Methoxyketamine Methylbenzylpiperazine Methylliberine Methylmethaqualone Methylone Metoprolol Mexedrone Milk Thistle Mimosa ophthalmocentra Mimosa spp. Mimosa tenuiflora MIPLA MIPT Miracle Berry Mitragynine MMDA MMDA - 3a Moclobemide Modafinil Monotropa uniflora Morning Glory Morphine MPT MPTP MSM MT - 45 Mucuna pruriens Mugwort Mulberry Mullein Mushrooms Mushrooms - G. spectabilis Mushrooms - P. atlantis Mushrooms - P. azurescens Mushrooms - P. cubensis Mushrooms - P. cyanescens Mushrooms - P. mexicana Mushrooms - P. peliculosa Mushrooms - P. semilanceata Mushrooms - P. subaeruginosa Mushrooms - P. tampanensis Mushrooms - P. weilii Mushrooms - Panaeolus cyanescens Myrrh N-Ethylhexedrone N-Ethylnorketamine N-Ethylpentedrone Nabilone Naloxone Naltrexone Naproxen Napthylpyrovalerone NBOH Series NBOMe Series Nefazodone Nicotinamide Nicotine Nightshade Nimetazepam Nitric Oxide Nitrous Oxide NMDA Antagonists Noopept Nootka Lupine Novel Cannabinoid Receptor Agonists Nutmeg O-Desmethyltramadol Ondansetron Opiates Opioids Opium Orphenadrine Oxandrolone Oxcarbazepine Oxycodone Oxygen Oxytocin Parmotrema spp. Passion Flower PCE PCP Pedicularis spp. Pennyroyal Pentazocine Pentedrone Pentylone Periwinkle Petroleum Ether Peyote pFPP Phalaris Grass Pharmaceuticals Pharmahuasca Pharms - Dexmethylphenidate Pharms - Albuterol Pharms - Alprazolam Pharms - Amineptine Pharms - Amitriptyline Pharms - Antibiotics Pharms - Aripiprazole Pharms - Atenolol Pharms - Atomoxetine Pharms - Baclofen Pharms - Benzphetamine Pharms - Buprenorphine Pharms - Bupropion Pharms - Buspirone Pharms - Butorphanol Pharms - Carbamazepine Pharms - Carfentanil Pharms - Carisoprodol Pharms - Cetirizine Pharms - Chlordiazepoxide Pharms - Chlorpromazine Pharms - Citalopram Pharms - Clonazepam Pharms - Clonidine Pharms - Clorazepate Pharms - Corticosteroid Pharms - Cyclizine Pharms - Cyclobenzaprine Pharms - Diazepam Pharms - Dihydrocodeine Pharms - Divalproex Pharms - Doxepin Pharms - Doxycycline Pharms - Doxylamine Pharms - Dronabinol Pharms - Escitalopram Pharms - Eszopiclone Pharms - Ethchlorvynol Pharms - Ethylmorphine Pharms - Fenfluramine Pharms - Fentanyl Pharms - Flunitrazepam Pharms - Fluoxetine Pharms - Flurazepam Pharms - Fluvoxamine Pharms - Gabapentin Pharms - Haloperidol Pharms - Hydroxyzine Pharms - Ibuprofen Pharms - Ketobemidone Pharms - Lamotrigine Pharms - Levofloxacin Pharms - Levomilnacipran Pharms - Levorphanol Pharms - Levothyroxine Pharms - Lidocaine Pharms - Lithium Pharms - Lorazepam Pharms - Losartan Pharms - Lurasidone Pharms - Meclizine Pharms - Mefloquine Pharms - Meloxicam Pharms - Memantine Pharms - Meperidine Pharms - Meprobamate Pharms - Metaxalone Pharms - Methotrimeprazine Pharms - Methylphenidate Pharms - Mianserin Pharms - Midazolam Pharms - Mirtazapine Pharms - Nalbuphine Pharms - Nortriptyline Pharms - Olanzapine Pharms - Oxymorphone Pharms - Paroxetine Pharms - Pentobarbital Pharms - Perazine Pharms - Phenazepam Pharms - Phenelzine Pharms - Phentermine Pharms - Phenylephrine Pharms - Phenytoin Pharms - Prednisone Pharms - Pregabalin Pharms - Procaine Pharms - Procyclidine Pharms - Promethazine Pharms - Propofol Pharms - Propoxyphene Pharms - Propranolol Pharms - Propylhexedrine Pharms - Quetiapine Pharms - Reboxetine Pharms - Risperidone Pharms - Rizatriptan Pharms - Secobarbital Pharms - Selegeline Pharms - Sertraline Pharms - Sildenafil Pharms - Tadalafil Pharms - Temazepam Pharms - Thioridazine Pharms - Thiothixene Pharms - Tiagabine Pharms - Tianeptine Pharms - Tiletamine Pharms - Topiramate Pharms - Tramadol Pharms - Tranylcypromine Pharms - Trazodone Pharms - Triazolam Pharms - Valproate Pharms - Valproic Acid Pharms - Venlafaxine Pharms - Warfarin Pharms - Zaleplon Pharms - Ziprasidone Pharms - Zolazepam Pharms - Zolpidem Pharms - Zopiclone Phendimetrazine Phenethylamine Phenethylamines Phenethylamines - Other Phenobarbital Phenylalanine Phenylpiracetam Phosphatidylserine Phyllomedusa bicolor Physostigmine Picamilon Picralima nitida PIHKAL Substances Pilocarpine Pinoline Piperazines Piracetam Pituri Placebo PMA PMEA PMMA Poppies - California Poppies - Opium Pramipexole Pramiracetam prazosin PRL - 8-53 Prochlorperazine Products - Bath Salts , Plant Food , etc Products - Other Products - Other Cannabis - Like Smoking Blends Products - Spice - Like Smoking Blends Prolintane Propofol Proscaline Pseudoephedrine Psilocin Psilocybin Psychotria viridis Pyrazolam RCS - 4 Red Rock Rhodiola rosea Ritonavir S-Ketamine Sakae Naa Salvia apiana Salvia divinorum Salvia officinalis Salvia sclarea Salvia splendens Salvia spp. Salvia verticillata Salvinorin A Salvinorin B Salvinorin B Ethoxymethyl Ether Salvinorin Group SAMe Sassafras Sceletium tortuosum Scopolamine Sibutramine Sida cordifolia Silene capensis Skullcap Smarts Smarts - Oxiracetam Smarts - Phenibut Smarts - Sulbutiamine Sophora secundiflora Spearmint SSRIs St. John 's Wort Stimulants Stipa robusta Sumatriptan Synaptolepis kirkii Syrian Rue Tabernaemontana spp. Tabernaemontana undulata Tabernanthe iboga Tagetes lucida Tanacetum parthenium Tapentadol TCB - 2 Tea Testosterone Tetrahydroharmine TFMPP Theanine Thebacon THJ - 018 Thujone Tilidine Tizanidine TMA TMA - 2 TMA - 6 Toad Venom Tobacco Tobacco - Cigarettes Triazolam Trihexyphenidyl Tripelennamine Triprolidine Tropane Plants Tryptamines - Substituted Tryptophan Tryptophan - 5 - HTP Tryptophan - L- Tryptophan Turbina corymbosa Tyrosine U-47700 Unknown UR - 144 Uvaursi Vaccinium myrtillus Valerian Vardenafil Varenicline Various Vasopressin Vervain Vinpocetine Virola elongata Virola spp. Vitamin B - 6 Vitamin C Vitamins - Choline Vitamins - Niacin Vitamins / Supplements Voacanga africana Vortioxetine Wasabi Wormwood Xenon XLR - 11 Xylazine Yarrow Yerba Mate Yohimbe Yohimbine Zornia latifolia
filter above list :
route of administration : ( optional ) - - - - - - - - oral smoked inhaled vaporized insufflated IM IV sublingual SC rectal transdermal vaginal buccal ocular electrode
in combination with : ( optional ) -----------
Anything Else Nothing Else ----------- α-PCYP α-PHP α-PVP 1,4- Butanediol 19-Norandrostenedione 1B-LSD 1cP-LSD 1F -LSD 1P-ETH-LAD 1P -LSD 2'- Oxo- PCE 2,6- Dibromomescaline 2- , 3 - , or 4 - Methylmethcathinone 2 - Aminoindan 2-Fluoroamphetamine 2-Fluorodeschloroketamine 2-Fluoroethamphetamine 2-Fluoromethamphetamine 2 - hydroxycocaine 2 - Me-DMT 2 - Methyl AP -237 2-Methyl-2-Butanol 2-Methylmethcathinone 25B-NBOH 25B-NBOMe 25C-NBOH 25C-NBOMe 25D-NBOMe 25E-NBOH 25E-NBOMe 25G- NBOMe 25H-NBOMe 25I - NBOH 25I - NBOMe 25N- NBOMe 25P-NBOMe 25T7 - NBOMe 2C - B 2C -B- Fly 2C - C 2C - D 2C -E 2C-EF 2C -G - N 2C - H 2C - I 2C-IP 2C - N 2C - P 2C - T 2C - T- 13 2C - T-2 2C -T-21 2C - T-4 2C -T-7 2C-TFM 3,4-Dichloromethylphenidate 3-Chloroethcathinone 3 -FEA 3 - Fluoroamphetamine 3 -Fluoromethamphetamine 3 -HO - PCE 3-HO - PCP 3-MEO -PCE 3-MeO - PCMo 3-MeO-PCP 3-Methylmethcathinone 3C - B 3C - E 3C -P 3F -PCP 3F - Phenmetrazine 4 - AcO - DALT 4-AcO-DET
4 -AcO-DiPT 4 - AcO-DMT
4 -AcO-DPT 4-AcO-EIPT
4-AcO-EPT 4-AcO-MALT
4-AcO-MET
4 - AcO-MiPT 4-AcO-MPT 4-Chloroethcathinone 4-Chloromethcathinone 4-Ethylmethcathinone 4-Fluoroamphetamine 4-Fluorobutyrfentanyl 4-Fluorococaine 4-Fluoromethamphetamine 4-Fluoromethcathinone 4-Fluoromethylphenidate 4-HO -DET
4-HO -DiPT 4-HO - DPT
4-HO-EPT 4-HO - MALT
4-HO -MCPT 4-HO-MET 4-HO-MiPT 4-HO - MPT 4-MeO-DMT 4-MeO-MiPT 4-MeO-PCP 4-Methoxymethcathinone 4-Methylaminorex 4-Methylamphetamine 4-Methylethcathinone 4-Methylmethcathinone 4 - MTA 4 - PrO-DMT 4C -D 4F - PHP 5 - APB 5 - APDB 5 - EAPB 5 -IT 5 - MAPB 5-MeO-AET 5-MeO-AMT 5-MeO-BFE 5-MeO-DALT 5-MeO-DET 5-MeO-DiBF 5-MeO-DiPT 5-MeO-DMT
5-MeO-DPT 5-MeO-EIPT
5-MeO-MALT 5-MeO-MET 5-MeO-MIPT 5-MeO-TMT 5-MES-DMT
5 - Methoxy - Tryptamine 5-Methoxymethylone 5 - Methyl - MDA 5F - AKB48 5F - MDMB -PICA
6 - APB 6 - APDB 6 -MAPB 7-Hydroxymitragynine AB -001 AB - CHMINACA AB -FUBINACA
Absinthe Acacia Acacia confusa Acacia maidenii Acacia phlebophylla Acepromazine Acetaminophen Acetildenafil Acetylfentanyl Aconitum napellus ADB-FUBINACA Adrafinil Adrenochrome AET AH - 7921 AL - LAD
Albizia julibrissin Alcohol Alcohol - Beer / Wine Alcohol - Hard ALD - 52 ALEPH Aleph - 4 Allylescaline Aloes alpha-GPC AM - 2201 AM - DIPT Amanitas Amanitas - A. muscaria Amanitas - A. pantherina AMB - FUBINACA
Amphetamines Amphetamines - Substituted AMT Anabolic Steroids Anadenanthera colubrina Anadenanthera peregrina Anadenanthera spp. Animals Animals - Black Widow Spider Animals - Fire Ants Animals - Frogs Aniracetam Anise Argemone spp. Armodafinil Arundo donax Arylcyclohexylamines Ashwagandha Aspirin Atropine Ayahuasca Bacopa monnieri Bad / Suspect Ecstasy Banisteriopsis caapi Banisteriopsis muricata Barbital Barbiturates BDB Bee Belladonna Benzodiazepines Benzydamine Berberine Betel Nut Biperiden Bismuth Subsalicylate bk - 2C - B bk - DMBDB bk - EBDB bk - EBDP bk - MBDB bk - MDDMA bk - MDEA Black Cohosh Blue Lily BOD BOH - 2C - B Boophone disticha Borage Bremelanotide Bromadol Bromazepam Bromo - Dragonfly Brugmansia Brunfelsia spp. Bryonia Bufotenin Butalbital Butyrfentanyl BZ BZP Cacahuaxochitl Cacao Cacti - columnar Cacti - M. geometrizans Cacti - Mescaline - containing Cacti - T. bridgesii Cacti - T. pachanoi Cacti - T. peruvianus Cacti - T. terscheckii Caffeine Calamus Calea zacatechichi Canarium luzonicum Cannabidiol Cannabinoid Receptor Agonists Cannabinoids Cannabis Cannabis - Hash Cannabis - High CBD Cannabis - High THC Capsaicin Capsicum spp. Carbidopa Carbogen Carbon Dioxide Carnegiea gigantea Casimiroa edulis Catha edulis Cathinone Catnip Catuaba Cerebrolysin Cestrum spp. Chamomile Changa Cheese - Blue Chloral Hydrate Chlorobutanol Chloroform Chlorpheniramine Maleate Chocolate Citicoline Clenbuterol Clobazam Clonazolam Clotiazepam Cloves Clozapine Coca Cocaine Codeine Coffee Coleus Coluracetam Coryphantha macromeris CP 47,497 CP 55,940 Crack Cytisus scoparius DALT Damiana Datura Delosperma cooperi Deschloroetizolam Deschloroketamine Desfontainia spinosa Desfontainia spp. Desloratadine Desmanthus illinoensis Desomorphine Desoxyescaline Desoxypipradrol Desvenlafaxine DET Detomidine DHEA Diclazepam Dimenhydrinate Dimethocaine Dioscorea spp. Diphenhydramine Diphenidine Diphenoxylate Diphenyl-2-pyrrolidinemethanol Diplopterys cabrerana DiPT Ditran Dizocilpine DMAE DMMDA DMT DMT - Containing DOB DOC DOET DOF DOI DOIP DOM DON Donepezil DOPR DPT Duloxetine DXM DXO Echinacea Entada rheedii Ephedra nevadensis Ephedra sinica Ephedrine Ephenidine Epimedium spp. EPT Ergoloid mesylates Ergot Erythrina mulungu Erythroxylum novogranatense Escaline Estradiol Etaqualone ETH-LAD Ether Ethylcathinone Ethylene Ethylphenidate Etizolam Eyebright Fasoracetam Flualprazolam Flubromazepam Flubromazolam Flunitrazolam Fluorophenibut Flutoprazepam Foxglove Frankincense Furanylfentanyl GABA GABOB Galangal Galantamine Gamma-Crotonolactone Garlic GBL GHB GHV Ginger Ginkgo biloba Ginseng Glaucine Gotu Kola Guanfacine Guarana GVL H.B. Woodrose Halothane Harmala Alkaloids Harmaline Harmine HDMP - 28 Heimia myrtifolia Heimia salicifolia Herbal Ecstasy Heroin Hoodia gordonii Hops Hordenine Horseradish HOT - 17 HOT - 2 HOT - 7 HU - 210 Huasca Brew Huasca Brew Group Huasca Combo Huasca Group Huperzine Hydrangea Hydrocodone Hydromorphone Hydroxyzine Hyoscyamine Hyoscyamus niger Hypocretin IAP Iboga Alkaloid Group Ibogaine Idebenone Ilex guayusa Ilex vomitoria Indian Warrior Inhalants Inhalants - Nitrites Isopropylphenidate JB -336 Jojoba JWH -018 JWH -019 JWH -073 JWH - 081 JWH - 122 JWH - 200 JWH - 210 JWH - 250 Kava Ketamine Kola Nut Kratom L- DOPA Lactuca - L. canadensis Lactuca - L. virosa Lactuca spp. Lady's Slipper Lagochilus inebrians Lamid Lavandula spp. Lecithin Lemon Balm Leonotis leonurus Leonotis nepetaefolia Leonurus cardiaca Leonurus sibiricus Levamisole Levetiracetam Levmetamfetamine Licorice Root Lisdexamfetamine Lobelia spp. Lofepramine Loperamide Loratadine Lorcaserin Lotus / Lily - Nelumbo nucifera Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea alba Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea ampla Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea nouchali var caerulea Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea pubescens Lotus / Lily - Unknown spp. Lotus / Lily Group LSA LSD LSM - 775 LSZ MALT Mandrake Mansoa alliacea MAOIs MBDB mCPP MDA MDAI MDE MDMA MDMB - CHMICA MDOH MDPHP MDPR MDPT MDPV MEAI Meclofenoxate Melatonin MEM MeOPP Mescaline Mescaline - NBOMe MET Metaxalone Methadone Methallylescaline Methamphetamine Methaqualone Methcathinone Methiopropamine Methocarbamol Methoxetamine Methoxmetamine Methoxphenidine Methoxpropamine Methoxyketamine Methylbenzylpiperazine Methylliberine Methylmethaqualone Methylone Metoprolol Mexedrone Milk Thistle Mimosa ophthalmocentra Mimosa spp. Mimosa tenuiflora MIPLA MIPT Miracle Berry Mitragynine MMDA MMDA - 3a Moclobemide Modafinil Monotropa uniflora Morning Glory Morphine MPT MPTP MSM MT - 45 Mucuna pruriens Mugwort Mulberry Mullein Mushrooms Mushrooms - G. spectabilis Mushrooms - P. atlantis Mushrooms - P. azurescens Mushrooms - P. cubensis Mushrooms - P. cyanescens Mushrooms - P. mexicana Mushrooms - P. peliculosa Mushrooms - P. semilanceata Mushrooms - P. subaeruginosa Mushrooms - P. tampanensis Mushrooms - P. weilii Mushrooms - Panaeolus cyanescens Myrrh N-Ethylhexedrone N-Ethylnorketamine N-Ethylpentedrone Nabilone Naloxone Naltrexone Naproxen Napthylpyrovalerone NBOH Series NBOMe Series Nefazodone Nicotinamide Nicotine Nightshade Nimetazepam Nitric Oxide Nitrous Oxide NMDA Antagonists Noopept Nootka Lupine Novel Cannabinoid Receptor Agonists Nutmeg O-Desmethyltramadol Ondansetron Opiates Opioids Opium Orphenadrine Oxandrolone Oxcarbazepine Oxycodone Oxygen Oxytocin Parmotrema spp. Passion Flower PCE PCP Pedicularis spp. Pennyroyal Pentazocine Pentedrone Pentylone Periwinkle Petroleum Ether Peyote pFPP Phalaris Grass Pharmaceuticals Pharmahuasca Pharms - Dexmethylphenidate Pharms - Albuterol Pharms - Alprazolam Pharms - Amineptine Pharms - Amitriptyline Pharms - Antibiotics Pharms - Aripiprazole Pharms - Atenolol Pharms - Atomoxetine Pharms - Baclofen Pharms - Benzphetamine Pharms - Buprenorphine Pharms - Bupropion Pharms - Buspirone Pharms - Butorphanol Pharms - Carbamazepine Pharms - Carfentanil Pharms - Carisoprodol Pharms - Cetirizine Pharms - Chlordiazepoxide Pharms - Chlorpromazine Pharms - Citalopram Pharms - Clonazepam Pharms - Clonidine Pharms - Clorazepate Pharms - Corticosteroid Pharms - Cyclizine Pharms - Cyclobenzaprine Pharms - Diazepam Pharms - Dihydrocodeine Pharms - Divalproex Pharms - Doxepin Pharms - Doxycycline Pharms - Doxylamine Pharms - Dronabinol Pharms - Escitalopram Pharms - Eszopiclone Pharms - Ethchlorvynol Pharms - Ethylmorphine Pharms - Fenfluramine Pharms - Fentanyl Pharms - Flunitrazepam Pharms - Fluoxetine Pharms - Flurazepam Pharms - Fluvoxamine Pharms - Gabapentin Pharms - Haloperidol Pharms - Hydroxyzine Pharms - Ibuprofen Pharms - Ketobemidone Pharms - Lamotrigine Pharms - Levofloxacin Pharms - Levomilnacipran Pharms - Levorphanol Pharms - Levothyroxine Pharms - Lidocaine Pharms - Lithium Pharms - Lorazepam Pharms - Losartan Pharms - Lurasidone Pharms - Meclizine Pharms - Mefloquine Pharms - Meloxicam Pharms - Memantine Pharms - Meperidine Pharms - Meprobamate Pharms - Metaxalone Pharms - Methotrimeprazine Pharms - Methylphenidate Pharms - Mianserin Pharms - Midazolam Pharms - Mirtazapine Pharms - Nalbuphine Pharms - Nortriptyline Pharms - Olanzapine Pharms - Oxymorphone Pharms - Paroxetine Pharms - Pentobarbital Pharms - Perazine Pharms - Phenazepam Pharms - Phenelzine Pharms - Phentermine Pharms - Phenylephrine Pharms - Phenytoin Pharms - Prednisone Pharms - Pregabalin Pharms - Procaine Pharms - Procyclidine Pharms - Promethazine Pharms - Propofol Pharms - Propoxyphene Pharms - Propranolol Pharms - Propylhexedrine Pharms - Quetiapine Pharms - Reboxetine Pharms - Risperidone Pharms - Rizatriptan Pharms - Secobarbital Pharms - Selegeline Pharms - Sertraline Pharms - Sildenafil Pharms - Tadalafil Pharms - Temazepam Pharms - Thioridazine Pharms - Thiothixene Pharms - Tiagabine Pharms - Tianeptine Pharms - Tiletamine Pharms - Topiramate Pharms - Tramadol Pharms - Tranylcypromine Pharms - Trazodone Pharms - Triazolam Pharms - Valproate Pharms - Valproic Acid Pharms - Venlafaxine Pharms - Warfarin Pharms - Zaleplon Pharms - Ziprasidone Pharms - Zolazepam Pharms - Zolpidem Pharms - Zopiclone Phendimetrazine Phenethylamine Phenethylamines Phenethylamines - Other Phenobarbital Phenylalanine Phenylpiracetam Phosphatidylserine Phyllomedusa bicolor Physostigmine Picamilon Picralima nitida PIHKAL Substances Pilocarpine Pinoline Piperazines Piracetam Pituri Placebo PMA PMEA PMMA Poppies - California Poppies - Opium Pramipexole Pramiracetam prazosin PRL - 8-53 Prochlorperazine Products - Bath Salts , Plant Food , etc Products - Other Products - Other Cannabis - Like Smoking Blends Products - Spice - Like Smoking Blends Prolintane Propofol Proscaline Pseudoephedrine Psilocin Psilocybin Psychotria viridis Pyrazolam RCS - 4 Red Rock Rhodiola rosea Ritonavir S-Ketamine Sakae Naa Salvia apiana Salvia divinorum Salvia officinalis Salvia sclarea Salvia splendens Salvia spp. Salvia verticillata Salvinorin A Salvinorin B Salvinorin B Ethoxymethyl Ether Salvinorin Group SAMe Sassafras Sceletium tortuosum Scopolamine Sibutramine Sida cordifolia Silene capensis Skullcap Smarts Smarts - Oxiracetam Smarts - Phenibut Smarts - Sulbutiamine Sophora secundiflora Spearmint SSRIs St. John 's Wort Stimulants Stipa robusta Sumatriptan Synaptolepis kirkii Syrian Rue Tabernaemontana spp. Tabernaemontana undulata Tabernanthe iboga Tagetes lucida Tanacetum parthenium Tapentadol TCB - 2 Tea Testosterone Tetrahydroharmine TFMPP Theanine Thebacon THJ - 018 Thujone Tilidine Tizanidine TMA TMA - 2 TMA - 6 Toad Venom Tobacco Tobacco - Cigarettes Triazolam Trihexyphenidyl Tripelennamine Triprolidine Tropane Plants Tryptamines - Substituted Tryptophan Tryptophan - 5 - HTP Tryptophan - L- Tryptophan Turbina corymbosa Tyrosine U-47700 Unknown UR - 144 Uvaursi Vaccinium myrtillus Valerian Vardenafil Varenicline Various Vasopressin Vervain Vinpocetine Virola elongata Virola spp. Vitamin B - 6 Vitamin C Vitamins - Choline Vitamins - Niacin Vitamins / Supplements Voacanga africana Vortioxetine Wasabi Wormwood Xenon XLR - 11 Xylazine Yarrow Yerba Mate Yohimbe Yohimbine Zornia latifolia
filter above list :
in combination with : ( optional ) -----------
Anything Else Nothing Else ----------- α-PCYP α-PHP α-PVP 1,4- Butanediol 19-Norandrostenedione 1B-LSD 1cP-LSD 1F -LSD 1P-ETH-LAD 1P -LSD 2'- Oxo- PCE 2,6- Dibromomescaline 2- , 3 - , or 4 - Methylmethcathinone 2 - Aminoindan 2-Fluoroamphetamine 2-Fluorodeschloroketamine 2-Fluoroethamphetamine 2-Fluoromethamphetamine 2 - hydroxycocaine 2 - Me-DMT 2 - Methyl AP -237 2-Methyl-2-Butanol 2-Methylmethcathinone 25B-NBOH 25B-NBOMe 25C-NBOH 25C-NBOMe 25D-NBOMe 25E-NBOH 25E-NBOMe 25G- NBOMe 25H-NBOMe 25I - NBOH 25I - NBOMe 25N- NBOMe 25P-NBOMe 25T7 - NBOMe 2C - B 2C -B- Fly 2C - C 2C - D 2C -E 2C-EF 2C -G - N 2C - H 2C - I 2C-IP 2C - N 2C - P 2C - T 2C - T- 13 2C - T-2 2C -T-21 2C - T-4 2C -T-7 2C-TFM 3,4-Dichloromethylphenidate 3-Chloroethcathinone 3 -FEA 3 - Fluoroamphetamine 3 -Fluoromethamphetamine 3 -HO - PCE 3-HO - PCP 3-MEO -PCE 3-MeO - PCMo 3-MeO-PCP 3-Methylmethcathinone 3C - B 3C - E 3C -P 3F -PCP 3F - Phenmetrazine 4 - AcO - DALT 4-AcO-DET
4 -AcO-DiPT 4 - AcO-DMT
4 -AcO-DPT 4-AcO-EIPT
4-AcO-EPT 4-AcO-MALT
4-AcO-MET
4 - AcO-MiPT 4-AcO-MPT 4-Chloroethcathinone 4-Chloromethcathinone 4-Ethylmethcathinone 4-Fluoroamphetamine 4-Fluorobutyrfentanyl 4-Fluorococaine 4-Fluoromethamphetamine 4-Fluoromethcathinone 4-Fluoromethylphenidate 4-HO -DET
4-HO -DiPT 4-HO - DPT
4-HO-EPT 4-HO - MALT
4-HO -MCPT 4-HO-MET 4-HO-MiPT 4-HO - MPT 4-MeO-DMT 4-MeO-MiPT 4-MeO-PCP 4-Methoxymethcathinone 4-Methylaminorex 4-Methylamphetamine 4-Methylethcathinone 4-Methylmethcathinone 4 - MTA 4 - PrO-DMT 4C -D 4F - PHP 5 - APB 5 - APDB 5 - EAPB 5 -IT 5 - MAPB 5-MeO-AET 5-MeO-AMT 5-MeO-BFE 5-MeO-DALT 5-MeO-DET 5-MeO-DiBF 5-MeO-DiPT 5-MeO-DMT
5-MeO-DPT 5-MeO-EIPT
5-MeO-MALT 5-MeO-MET 5-MeO-MIPT 5-MeO-TMT 5-MES-DMT
5 - Methoxy - Tryptamine 5-Methoxymethylone 5 - Methyl - MDA 5F - AKB48 5F - MDMB -PICA
6 - APB 6 - APDB 6 -MAPB 7-Hydroxymitragynine AB -001 AB - CHMINACA AB -FUBINACA
Absinthe Acacia Acacia confusa Acacia maidenii Acacia phlebophylla Acepromazine Acetaminophen Acetildenafil Acetylfentanyl Aconitum napellus ADB-FUBINACA Adrafinil Adrenochrome AET AH - 7921 AL - LAD
Albizia julibrissin Alcohol Alcohol - Beer / Wine Alcohol - Hard ALD - 52 ALEPH Aleph - 4 Allylescaline Aloes alpha-GPC AM - 2201 AM - DIPT Amanitas Amanitas - A. muscaria Amanitas - A. pantherina AMB - FUBINACA
Amphetamines Amphetamines - Substituted AMT Anabolic Steroids Anadenanthera colubrina Anadenanthera peregrina Anadenanthera spp. Animals Animals - Black Widow Spider Animals - Fire Ants Animals - Frogs Aniracetam Anise Argemone spp. Armodafinil Arundo donax Arylcyclohexylamines Ashwagandha Aspirin Atropine Ayahuasca Bacopa monnieri Bad / Suspect Ecstasy Banisteriopsis caapi Banisteriopsis muricata Barbital Barbiturates BDB Bee Belladonna Benzodiazepines Benzydamine Berberine Betel Nut Biperiden Bismuth Subsalicylate bk - 2C - B bk - DMBDB bk - EBDB bk - EBDP bk - MBDB bk - MDDMA bk - MDEA Black Cohosh Blue Lily BOD BOH - 2C - B Boophone disticha Borage Bremelanotide Bromadol Bromazepam Bromo - Dragonfly Brugmansia Brunfelsia spp. Bryonia Bufotenin Butalbital Butyrfentanyl BZ BZP Cacahuaxochitl Cacao Cacti - columnar Cacti - M. geometrizans Cacti - Mescaline - containing Cacti - T. bridgesii Cacti - T. pachanoi Cacti - T. peruvianus Cacti - T. terscheckii Caffeine Calamus Calea zacatechichi Canarium luzonicum Cannabidiol Cannabinoid Receptor Agonists Cannabinoids Cannabis Cannabis - Hash Cannabis - High CBD Cannabis - High THC Capsaicin Capsicum spp. Carbidopa Carbogen Carbon Dioxide Carnegiea gigantea Casimiroa edulis Catha edulis Cathinone Catnip Catuaba Cerebrolysin Cestrum spp. Chamomile Changa Cheese - Blue Chloral Hydrate Chlorobutanol Chloroform Chlorpheniramine Maleate Chocolate Citicoline Clenbuterol Clobazam Clonazolam Clotiazepam Cloves Clozapine Coca Cocaine Codeine Coffee Coleus Coluracetam Coryphantha macromeris CP 47,497 CP 55,940 Crack Cytisus scoparius DALT Damiana Datura Delosperma cooperi Deschloroetizolam Deschloroketamine Desfontainia spinosa Desfontainia spp. Desloratadine Desmanthus illinoensis Desomorphine Desoxyescaline Desoxypipradrol Desvenlafaxine DET Detomidine DHEA Diclazepam Dimenhydrinate Dimethocaine Dioscorea spp. Diphenhydramine Diphenidine Diphenoxylate Diphenyl-2-pyrrolidinemethanol Diplopterys cabrerana DiPT Ditran Dizocilpine DMAE DMMDA DMT DMT - Containing DOB DOC DOET DOF DOI DOIP DOM DON Donepezil DOPR DPT Duloxetine DXM DXO Echinacea Entada rheedii Ephedra nevadensis Ephedra sinica Ephedrine Ephenidine Epimedium spp. EPT Ergoloid mesylates Ergot Erythrina mulungu Erythroxylum novogranatense Escaline Estradiol Etaqualone ETH-LAD Ether Ethylcathinone Ethylene Ethylphenidate Etizolam Eyebright Fasoracetam Flualprazolam Flubromazepam Flubromazolam Flunitrazolam Fluorophenibut Flutoprazepam Foxglove Frankincense Furanylfentanyl GABA GABOB Galangal Galantamine Gamma-Crotonolactone Garlic GBL GHB GHV Ginger Ginkgo biloba Ginseng Glaucine Gotu Kola Guanfacine Guarana GVL H.B. Woodrose Halothane Harmala Alkaloids Harmaline Harmine HDMP - 28 Heimia myrtifolia Heimia salicifolia Herbal Ecstasy Heroin Hoodia gordonii Hops Hordenine Horseradish HOT - 17 HOT - 2 HOT - 7 HU - 210 Huasca Brew Huasca Brew Group Huasca Combo Huasca Group Huperzine Hydrangea Hydrocodone Hydromorphone Hydroxyzine Hyoscyamine Hyoscyamus niger Hypocretin IAP Iboga Alkaloid Group Ibogaine Idebenone Ilex guayusa Ilex vomitoria Indian Warrior Inhalants Inhalants - Nitrites Isopropylphenidate JB -336 Jojoba JWH -018 JWH -019 JWH -073 JWH - 081 JWH - 122 JWH - 200 JWH - 210 JWH - 250 Kava Ketamine Kola Nut Kratom L- DOPA Lactuca - L. canadensis Lactuca - L. virosa Lactuca spp. Lady's Slipper Lagochilus inebrians Lamid Lavandula spp. Lecithin Lemon Balm Leonotis leonurus Leonotis nepetaefolia Leonurus cardiaca Leonurus sibiricus Levamisole Levetiracetam Levmetamfetamine Licorice Root Lisdexamfetamine Lobelia spp. Lofepramine Loperamide Loratadine Lorcaserin Lotus / Lily - Nelumbo nucifera Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea alba Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea ampla Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea nouchali var caerulea Lotus / Lily - Nymphaea pubescens Lotus / Lily - Unknown spp. Lotus / Lily Group LSA LSD LSM - 775 LSZ MALT Mandrake Mansoa alliacea MAOIs MBDB mCPP MDA MDAI MDE MDMA MDMB - CHMICA MDOH MDPHP MDPR MDPT MDPV MEAI Meclofenoxate Melatonin MEM MeOPP Mescaline Mescaline - NBOMe MET Metaxalone Methadone Methallylescaline Methamphetamine Methaqualone Methcathinone Methiopropamine Methocarbamol Methoxetamine Methoxmetamine Methoxphenidine Methoxpropamine Methoxyketamine Methylbenzylpiperazine Methylliberine Methylmethaqualone Methylone Metoprolol Mexedrone Milk Thistle Mimosa ophthalmocentra Mimosa spp. Mimosa tenuiflora MIPLA MIPT Miracle Berry Mitragynine MMDA MMDA - 3a Moclobemide Modafinil Monotropa uniflora Morning Glory Morphine MPT MPTP MSM MT - 45 Mucuna pruriens Mugwort Mulberry Mullein Mushrooms Mushrooms - G. spectabilis Mushrooms - P. atlantis Mushrooms - P. azurescens Mushrooms - P. cubensis Mushrooms - P. cyanescens Mushrooms - P. mexicana Mushrooms - P. peliculosa Mushrooms - P. semilanceata Mushrooms - P. subaeruginosa Mushrooms - P. tampanensis Mushrooms - P. weilii Mushrooms - Panaeolus cyanescens Myrrh N-Ethylhexedrone N-Ethylnorketamine N-Ethylpentedrone Nabilone Naloxone Naltrexone Naproxen Napthylpyrovalerone NBOH Series NBOMe Series Nefazodone Nicotinamide Nicotine Nightshade Nimetazepam Nitric Oxide Nitrous Oxide NMDA Antagonists Noopept Nootka Lupine Novel Cannabinoid Receptor Agonists Nutmeg O-Desmethyltramadol Ondansetron Opiates Opioids Opium Orphenadrine Oxandrolone Oxcarbazepine Oxycodone Oxygen Oxytocin Parmotrema spp. Passion Flower PCE PCP Pedicularis spp. Pennyroyal Pentazocine Pentedrone Pentylone Periwinkle Petroleum Ether Peyote pFPP Phalaris Grass Pharmaceuticals Pharmahuasca Pharms - Dexmethylphenidate Pharms - Albuterol Pharms - Alprazolam Pharms - Amineptine Pharms - Amitriptyline Pharms - Antibiotics Pharms - Aripiprazole Pharms - Atenolol Pharms - Atomoxetine Pharms - Baclofen Pharms - Benzphetamine Pharms - Buprenorphine Pharms - Bupropion Pharms - Buspirone Pharms - Butorphanol Pharms - Carbamazepine Pharms - Carfentanil Pharms - Carisoprodol Pharms - Cetirizine Pharms - Chlordiazepoxide Pharms - Chlorpromazine Pharms - Citalopram Pharms - Clonazepam Pharms - Clonidine Pharms - Clorazepate Pharms - Corticosteroid Pharms - Cyclizine Pharms - Cyclobenzaprine Pharms - Diazepam Pharms - Dihydrocodeine Pharms - Divalproex Pharms - Doxepin Pharms - Doxycycline Pharms - Doxylamine Pharms - Dronabinol Pharms - Escitalopram Pharms - Eszopiclone Pharms - Ethchlorvynol Pharms - Ethylmorphine Pharms - Fenfluramine Pharms - Fentanyl Pharms - Flunitrazepam Pharms - Fluoxetine Pharms - Flurazepam Pharms - Fluvoxamine Pharms - Gabapentin Pharms - Haloperidol Pharms - Hydroxyzine Pharms - Ibuprofen Pharms - Ketobemidone Pharms - Lamotrigine Pharms - Levofloxacin Pharms - Levomilnacipran Pharms - Levorphanol Pharms - Levothyroxine Pharms - Lidocaine Pharms - Lithium Pharms - Lorazepam Pharms - Losartan Pharms - Lurasidone Pharms - Meclizine Pharms - Mefloquine Pharms - Meloxicam Pharms - Memantine Pharms - Meperidine Pharms - Meprobamate Pharms - Metaxalone Pharms - Methotrimeprazine Pharms - Methylphenidate Pharms - Mianserin Pharms - Midazolam Pharms - Mirtazapine Pharms - Nalbuphine Pharms - Nortriptyline Pharms - Olanzapine Pharms - Oxymorphone Pharms - Paroxetine Pharms - Pentobarbital Pharms - Perazine Pharms - Phenazepam Pharms - Phenelzine Pharms - Phentermine Pharms - Phenylephrine Pharms - Phenytoin Pharms - Prednisone Pharms - Pregabalin Pharms - Procaine Pharms - Procyclidine Pharms - Promethazine Pharms - Propofol Pharms - Propoxyphene Pharms - Propranolol Pharms - Propylhexedrine Pharms - Quetiapine Pharms - Reboxetine Pharms - Risperidone Pharms - Rizatriptan Pharms - Secobarbital Pharms - Selegeline Pharms - Sertraline Pharms - Sildenafil Pharms - Tadalafil Pharms - Temazepam Pharms - Thioridazine Pharms - Thiothixene Pharms - Tiagabine Pharms - Tianeptine Pharms - Tiletamine Pharms - Topiramate Pharms - Tramadol Pharms - Tranylcypromine Pharms - Trazodone Pharms - Triazolam Pharms - Valproate Pharms - Valproic Acid Pharms - Venlafaxine Pharms - Warfarin Pharms - Zaleplon Pharms - Ziprasidone Pharms - Zolazepam Pharms - Zolpidem Pharms - Zopiclone Phendimetrazine Phenethylamine Phenethylamines Phenethylamines - Other Phenobarbital Phenylalanine Phenylpiracetam Phosphatidylserine Phyllomedusa bicolor Physostigmine Picamilon Picralima nitida PIHKAL Substances Pilocarpine Pinoline Piperazines Piracetam Pituri Placebo PMA PMEA PMMA Poppies - California Poppies - Opium Pramipexole Pramiracetam prazosin PRL - 8-53 Prochlorperazine Products - Bath Salts , Plant Food , etc Products - Other Products - Other Cannabis - Like Smoking Blends Products - Spice - Like Smoking Blends Prolintane Propofol Proscaline Pseudoephedrine Psilocin Psilocybin Psychotria viridis Pyrazolam RCS - 4 Red Rock Rhodiola rosea Ritonavir S-Ketamine Sakae Naa Salvia apiana Salvia divinorum Salvia officinalis Salvia sclarea Salvia splendens Salvia spp. Salvia verticillata Salvinorin A Salvinorin B Salvinorin B Ethoxymethyl Ether Salvinorin Group SAMe Sassafras Sceletium tortuosum Scopolamine Sibutramine Sida cordifolia Silene capensis Skullcap Smarts Smarts - Oxiracetam Smarts - Phenibut Smarts - Sulbutiamine Sophora secundiflora Spearmint SSRIs St. John 's Wort Stimulants Stipa robusta Sumatriptan Synaptolepis kirkii Syrian Rue Tabernaemontana spp. Tabernaemontana undulata Tabernanthe iboga Tagetes lucida Tanacetum parthenium Tapentadol TCB - 2 Tea Testosterone Tetrahydroharmine TFMPP Theanine Thebacon THJ - 018 Thujone Tilidine Tizanidine TMA TMA - 2 TMA - 6 Toad Venom Tobacco Tobacco - Cigarettes Triazolam Trihexyphenidyl Tripelennamine Triprolidine Tropane Plants Tryptamines - Substituted Tryptophan Tryptophan - 5 - HTP Tryptophan - L- Tryptophan Turbina corymbosa Tyrosine U-47700 Unknown UR - 144 Uvaursi Vaccinium myrtillus Valerian Vardenafil Varenicline Various Vasopressin Vervain Vinpocetine Virola elongata Virola spp. Vitamin B - 6 Vitamin C Vitamins - Choline Vitamins - Niacin Vitamins / Supplements Voacanga africana Vortioxetine Wasabi Wormwood Xenon XLR - 11 Xylazine Yarrow Yerba Mate Yohimbe Yohimbine Zornia latifolia
filter above list :
Add advanced options :
search report bodies :
search title :
author name :
or author collection : - - - - - - - - 77 k aeonaeonaeon Ant Arcane Arjuna Bacchus Barium Birdseye Catfish Rivers Cope Head Croc_HunterDM
DevilDoc dilated_pupils dokmai Dr. Zoidberg Erica .
Smerica Flotsam FlowGnome Forgive Gracie & Zarkov Grug HeWhoLives Jamshyd Jetsam KaoServitor Kodos KoolAid Krazy_Calvin LucidStudies Mac Matt Himself MIM Mitra Morninggloryseed Murple naggyj Navi Omnip pharmofile Psych0naut raybeez Renwick Rev. MeO Roger Essig Rose Samanthe Scotto SFos shadow shruming human Sids Skandre Spock Stash Teafaerie Timeleech Toad Treefingers Trey VapourBoy Way xerxes Xorkoth Yuna Z. Zam Zara
author gender : All Male Female Prefer Not to Answer Non Binary / Other
intensity : -----------
No Effect Light Medium Strong Extreme to : -----------
Light Medium Strong Extreme
experience category : --- All --- General First Times Combinations Retrospective / Summary Preparation / Recipes Difficult Experiences Bad Trips Health Problems Train Wrecks & Trip Disasters Addiction & Habituation Glowing Experiences Mystical Experiences Health Benefits Families Medical Use What Was in That ?
-----------
Personal Preparation Performance Enhancement Music Discussion Therapeutic Intent or Outcome Poetry Overdose Sex Discussion Entities / Beings Relationships Hangover / Days After Loss of Magic HPPD / Lasting Visuals Depression Nature / Outdoors Second Hand Report Cultivation / Synthesis Video Multi-Day Experience Guides / Sitters Pregnancy / Baby Post Trip Problems
experience context : - - - - - - - - Alone Small Group ( 2 - 9 ) Large Group ( 10 + ) Club / Bar Rave / Dance Event Large Party Festival / Lg. Crowd Group Ceremony School Workplace Military Hospital Various Unknown Context Public Space ( Museum , Park , etc ) Not Applicable
report language : Deutsch English Espanol Francais Italiano Nederlands
report collection : - - - - - - - - Bluelight DrugsForum Ecstasy.org Erowid Extracts Reddit Shulgin Archives Stolaroff Collection The Entheogen Review
psychoactive activity : -----------
AlphaStim100 Breathing Chanting Conferences Cranial Electrotherapy Stimulation Devices Dreams Drug Testing Endogenous Families Fasting Floatation Tank Guiding Humor Hyperventilation Magnetic Devices Meditation Migraines Mind Machine Devices Mindfulness Music Nitrogen Narcosis OBE Police / Customs Ritual Sleep Deprivation Sound ( non-music ) Sweating Transcranial Focused Ultrasound Yoga / Bodywork
Show Full Dose / Timing Chart
Whole words only ( space separated )
Include Cellar ( rated too low for normal display )
Include number of views
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
March 31 , 2010
On Monday we asked you to count the hours before links to the feds emerged on this one – turns out it was 48 .
The FBI had an informant inside the Hutaree group and he participated in the alleged conspiracy to kill law enforcement officers , according to The Wall Street Journal today .
In sworn testimony , Thomas William Piatek is described as a Cooperating Witness and an undercover FBI agent .
Thomas William Piatek is pictured at the bottom right .
It is interesting to note that , unlike the other suspects , he appears not to be wearing a jail uniform .
“ A spokesperson at the FBI ’s Detroit office declined to comment on the undercover agent and any role such an agent may have had in the investigation .
A spokesman at the Justice Department in Washington also declined to discuss specifics of the investigation , ” the Journal reports .
It is not surprising that the FBI had penetrated the Hutaree group and an agent was apparently at the center of the alleged conspiracy .
In fact , it is part of a well established pattern .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
On March 20 , Infowars.com reported on allegations that a federal agent acted as a provocateur in the New York synagogue bombing conspiracy case .
Defense attorneys in the case argued in court that the plot was hatched and directed by a federal informant .
“ They said the informant badgered the defendants until they got involved in the plot , ” NBC New York reported .
“ They said the informant chose the targets , supplied fake bombs for the synagogues and a fake missile to shoot down planes .
The motion said he also offered to pay the defendants , who attorneys alleged were n’t inclined toward any crime until the informant began recruiting them . ”
“ This whole operation was a foolish waste of time and money , ” Terence Kindlon , a defense lawyer who represented a client in the New York synagogue case , told the Times Online .
“ It is almost as if the FBI cooked up the plot and found four idiots to install as defendants . ”
Defendants in the New Jersey Fort Dix Army terror case painted a similar picture .
“ The only terrorist conspiracy was one planted and nurtured by the informant , ” declared defense attorney Rocco Cip during the trial .
The FBI ’s role in the case was admitted by a provocateur .
“ The FBI informant paid to infiltrate a band of suspected terrorists in South Jersey said yesterday that he offered to organize their attack on U.S. soldiers , but only because he wanted to build trust and find out more about the group , ” the Star - Ledger reported on November 11 , 2008 .
In Miami , the FBI case against the so - called Miami Seven came apart at the seams when it was discovered a government provocateur provided money , video cameras for conducting surveillance , cellphones , and suggested that the patsies target the Miami FBI office .
In 2009 , it was discovered that supposed white supremacist and radio talk show host Hal Turner was a National Security Intelligence asset , a fact admitted by the third highest ranking FBI official in New York City .
During a second trial held this year , Turner described how he was recruited in 2003 by the FBI ’s Newark - based Joint Terrorism Task Force .
He said he was paid “ in excess of $ 100,000 ” by the FBI during his almost five years as an informant .
According to research conducted by Alexandra Natapoff of Loyola Law School in Los Angeles , the FBI maintains an army of at least 15,000 “ confidential informants , ” while the DEA admits to having 4,000 snitches .
“ But the number of informants working directly for the Feds is probably only a tiny fraction of the entire stukachi [ a Russian epithet used to describe a secret police informant ] population , given the uncounted masses of snitches working for state and local police agencies , ” writes William Norman Grigg of the Pro Libertate blog .
This article was posted : Wednesday , March 31 , 2010 at 5:19 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Do n't cry Jamie !
Now David Letterman lectures
Oliver and says his healthy eating crusade wo n't work in America
Jamie Oliver has suffered another setback in his crusade to make America healthy - a doom - filled lecture from chatshow host David Letterman .
The chef had already been reduced to tears by Americans ' resistance to his fight against obesity , but Letterman only added to his frustrations in an extraordinary five - minute monlogue watched by millions during The Late Show .
The host told Oliver he believed diet pills were the only successful way to lose weight in the U.S. and that he expected humans to 'evolve to the point where 1,000 years from now we all weigh 500 - 600 lbs and it will be OK ' .
[ caption ] [ caption ]
Oliver chatted to Letterman during a cooking segment on The Late Show last night as he promoted his new TV show Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution .
The six - part series sees Oliver travel to the city of Huntington , West Virginia - known as the most unhealthy city in America - in a bid to overhaul their eating habits .
He actually bursts into tears of frustration as his message fails to get through .
Letterman started off the segment by outlining his thoughts on why Oliver 's healthy eating plan would n't work .
He said : ' You know who was on the programme last week was Kirstie Alley and she has a kind of second career dealing with her weight and her struggles to lose weight .
[ caption ]
' We got to talking about how difficult it is for people to lose weight and I maintained that try as hard as you might you are never going to succeed because we are living in a culture dominated by the commerce of selling food that is inherently unhealthy . '
Oliver said despite the dominance of fast food , he hoped to educate people about what they were putting in their bodies and the health problems they will face in the future .
However , Letterman fired back he had battled weight problems himself and controversially believes diet pills are the only successful way to lose weight in America . [ caption ]
He said : ' After five or six , ten or 20 years of trying to lose weight there is nothing in this culture you can do to lose weight short of medication .
' If you want to go to a doctor , no seriously , go to a doctor and they 'll be happy to give you as many pills as you need .
' But as long as we are trying to feed this many people we are going to continue to eat bad food .
And you think McDonald 's is going to close down ?
No , they 're not going to close down . '
Letterman then gave several examples of why Americans did n't like change : ' In the late 60s we were going to be changed to the metric system ... well that did n't work , did it ?
And you know why ?
It was too hard for Americans to figure out metres .
' Soccer , remember soccer ?
Well that did n't work either .'
Oliver interjected how the smoking ban - in New York and several other U.S. cities - had been successful , despite the initial outrage from smokers .
[ caption ]
Letterman replied : ' But again that was people making the decision .
With eating it 's not a decision .
People have to eat .
' God bless you but here 's what I think will happen .
I think that the species will evolve to the point where 1,000 years from now we all weigh 5 - 600 lbs and it will be OK . '
Oliver insisted the increasingly unhealthy lifestyles of today 's children meant they would be living shorter lives than their parents , which Letterman agreed on .
But he blamed America 's food industry for making unhealthy food so available : ' We 'll go into any supermarket and there are 160 different kinds of cookies .
' I do n't care how much ground up sea grass you eat or wheat germ - or stuff you find in your pocket .
As long as they are selling 160 different types of cookie what hope do you have ?'
Oliver appeared to become resigned to the fact he would n't convert Letterman to his way of thinking , turning to the audience and saying : ' As you can see ladies and gentlemen , my challenge is big . '
[ caption ]
In Oliver 's new show , he reduces an American mother - of - four to tears when he warns her that her cooking will end up killing her children .
Sitting in front of a pile of the family 's weekly food intake , Oliver tells a weepy Stacie : ' This is going to kill your children . '
Her son Jamie , 12 , admits he is picked on at school due to his large size and hopes to become a chef .
Oliver 's new series sees him hoping to reciprocate his success in Britain , where he overhauled school dinners .
Oliver is shocked when he sees dinner ladies making pizza for breakfast and served instant mashed potatoes to children at Central City Elementary .
Amazed that they 're not using real potatoes , he points to the mash , saying : ' It 's that kind of food that is killing America . '
An incredulous Oliver is further stunned when he holds up tomatoes on a vine to a young boy , who believes they are potatoes .
The chef stands back as he watches the children eating and notices they are all drinking flavoured milk and are uninterested in fruit .
Using shock tactics to explain to the children and staff how much fat they 're eating every year , they eventually are open to change .
During the series , a local newspaper claims Oliver has said several disparaging things about Huntingdon , which he insists was taken out of context .
An emotional Oliver is seen tearing up as he says : ' They do n't understand me ' cause they do n't know why I 'm here . '
After more than 20 years on the air , the movie review TV show " At the Movies " has been canceled .
The weekly , half - hour series made popular by critics Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel will air its last show on August 14 .
Distributor Disney - ABC
Domestic TV said in a statement : " This was a very difficult decision , especially considering the program 's rich history and iconic status within the entertainment industry , but from a business perspective it became clear this weekly , half - hour , broadcast syndication series was no longer sustainable .
.. we extend very special thanks to the two brilliant , visionary and incomparable critics that started it all , Roger Ebert and the late Gene Siskel . "
Siskel passed away in February 1999 .
Ebert has cancer - it 's been almost four years since he lost his lower jaw and , with it , his ability to speak .
And " At the Movies " never seemed able to replicate the pair 's chemistry on set , despite the talent of current hosts Michael Phillips and A. O. Scott .
All Quiet on the Western Wavefront
Top Ten Best Vegan Recipe Sites
It ’s been great to see vegan food hit the mainstream over the past year , with news that Ellen and Porti ...
Swans Commentary » swans.com
August 1 , 2005
Living Simply , Simply Living
by Michael Brooks
( Swans - August 1 , 2005 ) The landscape of the present - day United States bears but little resemblance to the terra firma described by Henry David Thoreau in Walden ; the nation today is crisscrossed with multilane interstates , pocked with shopping malls and big box retailers , and the American wilderness has been largely carved into zones for suburban and exurban housing .
It might be tempting for 21st century readers to conclude that Thoreau has nothing to offer contemporary readers , since the land that he portrayed has changed so dramatically during the years since the publication of his literary magnum opus .
Such a superficial dismissal of Walden is indicative of more than the usual undergraduate complaints about irrelevant classics ; it suggests a national mindset that Thoreau 's ideas are incompatible with the modern American consumerist ideology .
With this backdrop , a strong case can be made for the argument that Walden 's messages have even more relevance today than when Thoreau wrote the book ; his advice of living simply -- and simply living -- takes on greater urgency in this era of fanatical consumption .
Thoreau believed that human beings did not require massive , palatial dwellings in order to live a healthy and joyful life ; he decried the tendency to construct " for this world a family mansion , and for the next a family tomb . "
His experimental home near Walden Pond reflected this philosophy , as it was largely constructed from second - hand materials .
Thoreau built the house with an eye toward utility ; there was virtually no wasted space , and every accoutrement had a useful function .
At one point in the narrative , Thoreau considered the value of several rocks that once occupied a place on his desk :
I had three pieces of limestone on my desk , but I was terrified to find that they required to be dusted daily , when the furniture of my mind was all undusted still , and threw them out the window in disgust .
How , then , could I have a furnished house ?
I would rather sit in the open air , for no dust gathers on the grass , unless where man has broken ground .
Thoreau perhaps foresaw the present American obsession with expensive suburban homes , recognizing a growing demand for domiciles that did not simply provide protection from the elements .
The typical modern three bedroom urban bungalow -- which dwarfs most of the dwellings from Thoreau 's era -- is no longer seen as the ideal home that it once was in the post - World War II building frenzy .
Consumers seek , and builders construct , extravagant structures on large lots , and this high - end focus is fed by a consumerist obsession with grandiosity and newness .
In America the dominant belief is that excellent living can only be accomplished through ownership of a newly built palace with acres of perfectly manicured lawns .
This lifestyle , of course , cannot be maintained without a hefty income , and Americans are thus forced into the position of requiring high - wage employment to support their suburban estate .
The manor cannot be preserved if its inhabitants do not work over half of their waking hours in slavish devotion to obtaining money ;
Thoreau presciently noted that " we may regard one third of that toil as the cost of their houses , " and suggested that this dilemma was evidence that " men have become tools of their tools . "
The suburban house , then , rules over its residents , who must scurry about like so many worker ants to sustain it .
The culture of conspicuous and redundant consumption that has evolved in the United States pressures individuals to acquire luxurious possessions and to replace perfectly functional goods with those that are purportedly newer and improved .
Thoreau noticed this phenomenon during his lifetime , declaring that
... the childish and savage taste of men and women for new patterns keeps how many shaking and squinting through kaleidoscopes that they may discover the particular figure which this generation requires today .
The manufacturers have learned that this taste is merely whimsical .
This neurotic consumerism further increases the pressure on people to work more , leaving less time for more enjoyable pursuits .
The typical American worker annually toils away for two weeks ' worth of vacation time , the earning of which leaves him too exhausted to enjoy his respite ; he hopes to live long enough to pass his twilight years sitting in a tattered chaise longe watching shuffleboard on the activity deck of a Sunbelt retirement center .
Thus , one toils countless hours during the prime of life to be rewarded with a few short moments when the physical ability to take pleasure in living is in rapid decline .
Thoreau noted the absurdity of this philosophy , and extolled the virtues of simplicity :
In short , I am convinced , both by faith and experience , that to maintain one 's self on this earth is not a hardship but a pastime , if we will live simply and wisely ; as the pursuits of the simpler nations are still the sports of the more artificial .
Life , in a society that worships possessions and acquisitiveness , could more accurately be described as drudgery .
For a person trapped in the continuous cycle of consumption , there is precious little living ; one cannot suddenly decide to spend time enjoying the natural world when there are financial obligations that loom , Leviathan - like , overhead .
Thoreau argued that he had obtained a wealth -- simple living -- that had far greater significance than monetary gain :
Many a forenoon have I stolen away , preferring to spend thus the most valued part of the day ; for I was rich , if not in money , in sunny hours and summer days , and spent them lavishly ; nor do I regret that I did not waste more of them in the workshop or the teacher 's desk .
In an era that had just recently lost the sobriquet of " frontier , " Thoreau recognized that the natural wilderness of the country was integral to the health and well being of its human inhabitants .
He argued that there is a certain restorative quality provided by nature , which he called the " tonic of wilderness . "
Man , according to Thoreau , was inextricably linked to the world in which he lived , and that any attempt to divorce oneself from nature was an exercise in foolishness .
This advice goes largely unheeded in an American society fixated on attempting to remove or control every last vestige of nature .
Corporations promote poisons to eliminate insects and rodents from our immediate surroundings , while convincing consumers that they are inadequate homeowners if any plant other than hybrid Kentucky bluegrass dares to push through their neatly - trimmed and herbicide - laden lawns .
Human hair , which developed on the body over many millennia as a form of protection against the ultraviolet rays of summer and the chill of winter , is portrayed today as an undesirable trait -- except on the top of the head -- and thousands of products are marketed to eliminate this vital bodily component from our legs , backs , nostrils and ears .
Finally , our desire to conquer nature has engendered in Americans a collective lack of concern for the environment ; the very air that we breathe and the water that we drink have become fouled , and the possibility exists that we may so pollute and degrade the planet that human life may no longer continue .
As a journalist I once covered a municipal council meeting on the application filed by a corporation to amend the zoning laws in order to allow the company to build a controversial coking plant .
Advocates for the facility argued that it would bring jobs and tax revenues to the city of Toledo , while opponents argued that the plant would produce toxins that could wreak havoc in an already polluted regional watershed .
I was most struck by a corporate supporter , who claimed that the environmentally minded activists wanted everyone to " live like hermits in a shack , like Thoreau . "
Of course , Thoreau specifically warned readers that he was not advocating his extreme experiment in asceticism , admonishing that " I would not have any one adopt my mode of living on any account . "
He was demonstrating that it was possible to live in such a manner as did not require endless , senseless toil .
The advocate for the coking plant constructed her argument with the false dilemma that we have only two choices : industrial development or a Neanderthalian subsistence .
Unfortunately , many Americans subscribe to this corporate ideology , and fail to recognize that it is possible to find a middle ground that encourages responsible stewardship of the planet 's resources and a lifestyle of voluntary simplicity .
The act of living simply , unfortunately , requires a leap of faith on the part of the individual ; members of the cult of consumerism are barraged with media messages exhorting them to worship the god of consumption .
To preach against this religion is akin to cultural heresy ; people who advocate a simpler lifestyle are viewed as lunatics or , even worse , by that most misunderstood of would - be epithets : Marxists .
Merely mentioning the idea that one might , say , trade in a car for a bicycle is enough to raise eyebrows ( assuming that the person still has hair above their eyes and that they have not been waxed or shaven in an attempt to meet the fashion ideal of a hairless human ) .
Thoreau recognized that this belief is a precursor to change , and that a man who " has not faith , he will continue to live like the rest of the world , whatever company he is joined to . "
We live in a world in which the term " simple life " has now been associated with the antics of Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie ; " living simply " is often cast in the mainstream media as the province of rubes and dimwits .
Perhaps we should not be too concerned with converting the mass of humanity to a simpler life , and should just live the ideal ourselves .
Internal resistance in people cannot be overcome with an external force , and people must want to alter their behavior before change can occur .
The example we set by living a simple life might be the best medicine for the consumptive disease that has infected the American body politic .
Living simply produces hidden benefits to followers , and not the least of these is one 's physical health .
The stress of struggling to meet the financial burdens of a lifestyle of excessive consumption takes its toll on the human body ; what , for example , is the physical cost of a daily one - hour , one - way commute ?
In a single calendar year , such work travel -- which is not unusual in bigger cities -- adds up to over 500 hours of time spent cramped in a shiny metal box breathing air laced with automobile exhaust .
Simply living is perhaps the best advice that Thoreau offered ; as a slave in the service of the consumer economy of the modern United States , a person has precious little time to enjoy living .
Voluntary simplicity offers people an opportunity to reduce the amount of time spent in mindless acquisitiveness , and frees them for more rewarding pursuits .
· · · · · ·
Just days after praising Hitler , now Bernie Ecclestone ' blames Jews for banking crisis '
Controversy : Bernie Ecclestone yesterday fuelled further outrage at his praise for Adolf Hitler by appearing to blame Jews for the banking crisis
Bernie Ecclestone was forced to apologise after being accused of spouting ' demented drivel ' when speaking in praise of Adolf Hitler and accusing Jews of failing to solve the world 's financial crisis .
The 78 - year - old billionaire caused outrage when he spoke of the Nazi dictator 's ability to ' get things done '.
In the same interview , the Formula One mogul claimed Hitler was ' persuaded to do things that I have no idea whether he wanted to or not . '
His comments provoked a massive row .
But when he was subsequently informed that the World Jewish Congress had called for his resignation , Ecclestone reacted again .
' It 's a pity they did n't sort the banks out , ' he said . '
When asked to elaborate he countered : ' They have a lot of influence everywhere . '
His additional comments prompted a further furore - and quickly sparked suggestions of a boycott of Formula One by German owned motor racing teams who include BMW and Mercedes .
A spokesman for Germany 's Central Council of Jews said : ' No team should work with him any more - a boycott would be more than appropriate . '
He also added that Ecclestone was either ' empty headed or unbelievably malicious ' for speaking about Hitler days before the German Grand Prix takes place this weekend .
Ecclestone 's original comments , made in an interview with The Times , provoked equal outrage as Liberal Democrat Sport spokesman Don Foster described them as ' the ravings of a demented lunatic . '
Lewis Hamilton celebrates winning the German Grand Prix at the Hockenheimring last year
Tory John Whittingdale , chairman of the Culture , Media and Sport Select Committee , said he was ' appalled ' anybody could hold such ' extraordinary views . '
Three days after the publication of the interview , Ecclestone yesterday wrote an article of apology .
He also told the Jewish Chronicle : '
I 'm just sorry that I was an idiot .
I sincerely , genuinely apologise .
' What I regret is people who have taken this the wrong way and have been offended .
I 'm really , really sad about that because I have done an awful lot for Jewish communities throughout - charities and whatever . '
He insisted ' things were taken a little bit wrong ' and his praise of the German tyrant was ' not what he meant ' before adding : ' Those who do n't know me think I support Hitler 's atrocities ; those who do know me have told me how unwise I was to articulate my points so badly that it should have been so widely misunderstood .
' During the 1930s Germany was facing an economic crisis but Hitler was able to rebuild the economy , building the autobahns and German industry .
' That was all I meant when I referred to him getting things done .
' I'm an admirer of good leadership , of politicians who stand by their convictions and tell the voters the truth .
' I 'm not an admirer of dictators , who rule by terror . '
In another interview , he added : ' Hitler brought a country that was bankrupt into a country that was very strong and that was really demonstrating what someone could do if they had the power and did n't have to keep back and referring every five minutes .
' The trouble with politicians and democracy is they all the time have to compromise , they can't do what they want to do because there is somebody in opposition .
I regret it did n't come out like that .'
In The Times interview , Ecclestone also referred to close friend Max Mosley who is President of the motor racing body , the FIA .
He then suggested the son of British fascist Sir Oswald Mosley would do a ' super job ' as Prime Minister .
Mosley fought a privacy battle with a Sunday newspaper after he was exposed enjoying what was described as a Nazi - themed sadomasochistic orgy .
However , a judge later ruled there was no evidence of the ' Nazi theme ' and Ecclestone said of Mosley :
' He 's a good leader with people .
I do n't think his background would be a problem . '
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti —
Their holy books vary widely and so does their disaster apparel .
Devotees of Supreme Master Ching Hai , a Vietnamese spiritual leader , wore fluorescent yellow vests on their way into quake - damaged Haiti .
Mormons wore their trademark white shirts and ties .
And an array of others — Scientologists , Presbyterians , Lutherans , Jews and Muslims — each printed T - shirts of a different hue declaring which faith had inspired them to help save Haiti .
Moved by awful images of the Jan. 12 earthquake , a broad band of religious groups has swept down here in recent weeks .
But rather than fostering a universal spirit of interfaith cooperation , the hasty assemblage of religious organizations has sometimes created tensions among them .
Theology aside , what seems to divide the missionaries most is how long they have been working here .
Some of the missions have operated here for decades , converting generations of Haitians and helping to develop the country , and that has made for some skepticism of the newcomers ’ motives and methods .
Dale Winslette , 51 , a volunteer with Give Me Shelter Ministries in Shalimar , Fla. , which has been providing food and medical and dental care in Haiti for the past four years , said there were many missionaries who were mostly interested in returning to their churches with grand stories of good works .
© unknown
Washington - President Obama , U.S. congressmen and their aides held an emergency four hour - long meeting Wednesday to decide what action to take to stem a sudden and unprecedented mass enlightenment of the US population that threatens to destabilize the Government and create a fiscal crisis .
Details have emerged that behind closed doors Obama received a number of private phone calls from his financial overlords .
In no uncertain terms Obama was threatened to do whatever it took - leaving all options on the table - to get the American people back to sleep or face devastating consequences to his financial savings portfolio .
It is rumored that amongst the threats , Obama would be forced to exchange his investment fund share holdings for shares in BP that were about to be dumped by forewarned insiders .
Alarmed in the extreme , Obama packed his teleprompters away and starting signing a myriad of papers that were thrust in front of him .
The emergency action plan came too late to prevent millions of citizens jubilantly celebrating their new - found awareness .
People from all walks of life suddenly realized they have been lied to all their lives on just about everything by their psychopathic , conscienceless leaders of major corporations , government and security agencies .
Residents in all major cities across the United States awoke complaining that they were experiencing an inexplicable mental clarity that was causing them to realize the way they were about to spend their day was utterly pointless , a potential health threat and would only add energy and finances to a powerful wealthy elite that had been ruling their lives since as long as they could remember .
Congress was thrown into chaos when a majority of staff decided to simply stop showing up for work until their bosses resign ; in a move of solidarity , energy companies turned off the power to government buildings and military bases , while water companies shut down their water supply ; repair people refused to carry out repairs for the politically well - connected and television network staff refused to report the lies they are routinely ordered to tell by their editors .
One Chicago resident 's report was consistent with many similar accounts coming in from across the country .
Joe , 42 told us how he had become aware of the diversionary , divide and conquer machinations of the psychopathic oligarchs , especially in relation to abortion , health care , immigration , global warming , peak oil , 9/11 , fake terrorism , both current wars and past wars , ' necessary police actions ' , empire building and resource plundering , left vs right , evolution vs creationism , fundamentalists vs everybody else !
" Wow !
I sort of felt things were n't right but to suddenly be able to see the true nature of all the lies we 've been bombarded with by media and Big Government is just mind - boggling , " Joe exclaimed .
"
The public seems to have finally understood that they 're so sick and going bankrupt because of the FDA / AMA medical mafia and Big Pharma 's Gestapo death grip over absolutely everything !
I 've noticed how food companies , Monsanto and Big Pharma 's share prices have exploded over the past few years , " said Joe .
" I can see it 's because they have bought Congress and have a complete monopoly over our food supply , health and non-existent consideration for others ' well - being .
" Reports are flooding in of people deciding to buy or trade for goods with hand crafters in their own region instead of shopping at Wal - Mart .
Rather than buying GMO foods at the supermarket chain stores , they 've formed co-ops with their neighbors , bought fresh food in bulk and are getting together to can foods , smoke meats and pickle vegetables - followed by a barbecue .
Feeling so connected and enthused by that , ordinary people across the nation are organizing all kinds of meetings to learn all the old skills that their grandparents knew that made them independent .
People are leaving the cities in droves and , en masse , have established themselves on previously restricted government land .
This resulted in a veritable frenzy of house - building and barn raising parties followed , once again , by barbecues where home - made pickles were enjoyed by all .
The reasons for the mass - awakening are as yet unclear .
One possible explanation has been given by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency where officials have discovered that the normally high levels of fluoride added to the nation 's drinking water were " accidentally omitted . "
It 's suspected that workers at water plants are responsible .
Government Health officials have advised all citizens to carry on working as normal , eat lots of fast - food and stay glued to their TV sets in the hope that any thoughts generated in people by seeing the reality of the situation will be pacified by toxins , apathy and a return to the steady atrophy of their brains .
Citizens have been urged by the Obama administration to report anyone they witness behaving in a non-consumer - capitalist manner to Homeland Security who , with the help of FEMA , will permanently detain anyone found more than 5 meters from a Television screen .
I had a lot of fun drawing this one , I hope you like it !
This was my third attempt at making a strip in this engraved “ woodcut ” style , and I ’m definitely the most pleased with this one .
You can check out my previous attempts here and here .
Potable water is often in high demand and short supply following a natural disaster like the Haiti earthquake or Hurricane Katrina .
In both of those instances , the disaster zones were near the sea , but converting salty seawater to potable fresh water usually requires a large amount of dependable electrical power and large - scale desalination plants — neither of which were available in the disaster areas .
A new approach to desalination being developed by researchers at MIT and in Korea could lead to small , portable units that could be powered by solar cells or batteries and could deliver enough fresh water to supply the needs of a family or small village .
As an added bonus , the system would also remove many contaminants , viruses and bacteria at the same time .
The new approach , called ion concentration polarization , is described in a paper by Postdoctoral Associate Sung Jae Kim and Associate Professor Jongyoon Han , both in MIT ’s Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science , and colleagues in Korea .
The paper was published on March 21 in the journal Nature Nanotechnology
One of the leading desalination methods , called reverse osmosis , uses membranes that filter out the salt , but these require strong pumps to maintain the high pressure needed to push the water through the membrane , and are subject to fouling and blockage of the pores in the membrane by salt and contaminants .
The new system separates salts and microbes from the water by electrostatically repelling them away from the ion-selective membrane in the system — so the flowing water never needs to pass through a membrane .
That should eliminate the need for high pressure and the problems of fouling , the researchers say .
The system works at a microscopic scale , using fabrication methods developed for microfluidics devices — similar to the manufacture of microchips , but using materials such as silicone ( synthetic rubber ) .
Each individual device would only process minute amounts of water , but a large number of them — the researchers envision an array with 1,600 units fabricated on an 8 - inch - diameter wafer — could produce about 15 liters of water per hour , enough to provide drinking water for several people .
The whole unit could be self - contained and driven by gravity — salt water would be poured in at the top , and fresh water and concentrated brine collected from two outlets at the bottom .
That small size could actually be an advantage for some applications , Kim explains .
For example , in an emergency situation like Haiti ’s earthquake aftermath , the delivery infrastructure to get fresh water to the people who need it was largely lacking , so small , portable units that individuals could carry would have been especially useful .
So far , the researchers have successfully tested a single unit , using seawater they collected from a Massachusetts beach .
The water was then deliberately contaminated with small plastic particles , protein and human blood .
The unit removed more than 99 percent of the salt and other contaminants .
“ We clearly demonstrated that we can do it at the unit chip level , ” says Kim .
The work was primarily funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation , as well as a SMART Innovation Centre grantWhile the amount of electricity required by this method is actually slightly more than for present large - scale methods such as reverse osmosis , there is no other method that can produce small - scale desalination with anywhere near this level of efficiency , the researchers say .
If properly engineered , the proposed system would only use about as much power as a conventional lightbulb .
Mark A. Shannon of the Center of Advanced Materials for the Purification of Water with Systems at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , who was not involved in this work , agrees with that assessment .
In a News & Views piece that accompanies the Nature Nanotechnology paper , he writes that the new system achieves “ perhaps the lowest energy ever for desalinating microliters of water , ” and when many of these micro-units are combined in parallel , as Kim and his co-authors propose , “ it could be used to supply liters of water per hour using only a battery and gravity flow of water . ”
That meets a significant need , he says , since at present there are few efficient methods for small - scale desalination , both for emergencies and for use in remote areas in poor countries .
Alex Iles , a research scientist at the University of Hull in Britain , says that while further testing must be done to establish long - term stability and fabrication techniques , “ This is an elegant new concept for water desalination . ”
He says it is likely to produce a low - cost , low - maintenance system that could be “ ideal for applications such as disaster relief . ”
When it was initially presented at a conference he attended last year , Iles says , “ I thought it was probably the most significant new work at the entire conference , even though it was only a poster .
” The basic principle that makes the system possible , called ion concentration polarization , is a ubiquitous phenomenon that occurs near ion-selective materials ( such as Nafion , often used in fuel cells ) or electrodes , and this team and other researchers have been applying the phenomenon for other applications such as biomolecule preconcentration .
This application to water purification has not been attempted before , however .
Since the separation occurs electrostatically , it does n’t work for removing contaminants that have no electric charge .
To take care of these remaining particles — mostly industrial pollutants — the researchers suggest the unit could be combined with a conventional charcoal filter system , thus achieving pure , safe drinking water through a single simple device .
Having proved the principle in a single - unit device , Kim and Han plan to produce a 100 - unit device to demonstrate the scaling - up of the process , followed by a 10,000 - unit system .
They expect it will take about two years before the system will be ready to develop as a product .
“ After that , ” says Kim , “ we ’ll know if it ’s possible ” for this to work as a robust , portable system , “ and what problems might need to be worked on . ”
I recently bought a netbook and installed Jolicloud , a Linux / Ubuntu distro designed as a replacement for , or companion to , Windows .
Jolicloud was a revelation , something fresh and new in the seemingly snail - paced world of desktop computing .
The bold idea of Jolicloud is that the browser is the operating system .
It ’s all you need and you do n’t need to even think about it .
The browser is a core service that supports all applications but it can recede into the background and let applications take the foreground .
The Samsung N210 netbook had Windows 7 Starter installed .
I ’ll admit my discomfort with Windows .
It ’s actually not so much the operating system itself , as it is the ecosystem that surrounds it .
The desktop is cluttered with icons from the manufacturer and other add - ons , which seem to activate on their own .
I do n’t want them yet I can’t disable them easily .
I realized that Windows has become like a carnival , with barkers trying to get my attention ( and money ) at every turn .
I tried Windows 7 long enough to realize that it was really no different on a netbook than it was on a desktop .
Windows .
Same old , same old .
In fact , I bought the netbook to see if it was suitable as a computer for my mother .
I want to help her be connected online to her family but she was frequently confused by the Windows desktop and its many applications and pop-up windows .
AOL was just as confusing , layered on top of Windows .
I tried moving her to Gmail and removing what I could from the desktop but it still became cluttered and she became so confused that she cancelled her Internet service .
( I do n’t live in the same city as my mom so my ability to provide ongoing tech support is limited . )
A friend , Alberto Gaitán from DC , recommended trying Jolicloud on a netbook .
Jolicloud was developed by Tariq Kim , who also created NetVibes .
He had a vision of devices running an Internet Operating System , influenced by ideas from Tim O’Reilly .
Here ’s an excerpt from the Jolicloud manifesto :
Jolicloud … combines the two driving forces of the modern computing industry : the open source and the open web .
Jolicloud transforms your netbook into a sophisticated web device that taps into the cloud to expand your computing possibilities .
The web already hosts a significant part of our lives : mails , photos , videos , and friends are already somewhere online .
Jolicloud was built to make the computer and web part of the same experience .
Jolicloud offered something new on a non-Mac device — peace of mind .
I found an operating system that was adapted to the netbook , just as Apple has modified its core system for different devices .
As much as it is an advantage for Apple , it is a disadvantage for every other computer manufacturer to ship their devices with a largely unmodified version of Windows .
One gripe I have is that Windows does n’t use the more limited display space efficiently .
The Jolicloud user interface is simple and well - organized .
Jolicloud is derived from Ubuntu and indeed some of the features I ’m praising may also be present there .
Quite frankly , it ’s been years since I ’ve explored a Linux desktop , believing them to be hopelessly clunky and awkward , a generic imitation of existing windowing systems .
But the big leap forward in my view for Jolicloud is how it adapts web sites to function more like desktop applications , an interface paradigm mashup of the iPhone and desktop .
In Jolicloud , I launch Gmail as an application , and dozens of other services I use such as Twitter and Facebook can be organized as desktop interfaces .
Like the iPhone , Jolicloud provides an Apps directory where you can choose applications to install on your netbook .
In addition , Jolicloud provides cloud - based services for data storage .
Jolicloud allows me to use a netbook as an alternate computer without really having to organize my data and service specifically for that computer .
( I even find myself moving away from Mac - based software to web - centric services that I can use from any device . )
Prism
I learned that some of the magic behind Jolicloud ’s web - centric model was made possible by the Prism project from Mozilla Labs .
Mark Finkle , a Mozilla developer , created Prism but he ’s now working on a Firefox mobile browser .
Prism development seemed to stall for a while until recently .
Prism , which will work on any operating system , allows you to turn a website into a standalone application , even creating an icon for it so that you can place in on your toolbar .
If you find yourself fumbling through tabs to get back to your mail or calendar , Prism can help you move your key applications into separate windows so they can stand on their own as desktop applications .
On a netbook , Prism gives you a full - screen view of your application , and drops most of the browser functions .
It ’s as if the browser disappears into the operating system as a core service , one that ’s shared by dozens of applications .
Interview with Matthew Gertner
I caught up with Matthew Gertner by email who has done work on Prism , particularly adapting it for Zimbra Desktop .
He has been posting information about updates to Prism on his Just Browsing blog , an additional source of information on Prism developments .
Q . What I like about prism is that it makes one think of the browser as a service provided by the operating system ; it allows a website to become viewed and organized as an application .
It is a metaphor that is now much more prevalent given the iPhone and its apps .
But Prism anticipated that direction .
MG .
I am a great believer in web applications .
Particular strengths are
the use of well - established , simple and standards - based languages for
application development , incredible multiplatform support and lack of
explicit install / uninstall .
At the same time , there are clearly
weakness as well , tied in particular to the fact that the browser was
never designed to run applications .
Prism is one attempt to get the best of both worlds .
Environments like
i Phone OS and Adobe AIR take a slightly different tack .
Rather than
using the same web languages for software development as the
traditional browser , they have their own languages ( CocoaTouch , Flex ,
etc. ) and development tools .
So I would n’t make a direct parallel
between Prism and something like the iPhone .
The latter runs apps that
are as much like traditional software as like websites .
It ’s true that
some of the goals are the same , and they often use web protocols
( HTTP , XML , etc. ) .
The big advantage of Prism , at least in the near term , is that no
development is required to make an existing web app look more like a
traditional application .
You just run it in a Prism window instead of
a normal browser window .
You can then customize the app with more
desktop - oriented features ( tray icon , popup notifications ,
drag - and - drop , etc. ) .
With iPhone or Flex you basically have to
reimplement the entire client .
Q. I am also interested in understanding the status of Prism .
It has been available for a while and it looked the original project lost some steam and then it regained some life .
Is that so and if so , what or who got it going again .
MG .
Prism was invented by Mark Finkle ( now working on Mozilla ’s mobile
browser ) as a Mozilla Labs project .
These projects are basically
experiments that let Mozilla try out new ideas without committing to
making a new product .
They can then observe how users and the
development community react .
In the case of Prism , it was quickly
picked up by Zimbra ( then part of Yahoo ) for Zimbra Desktop , and they
ended up hiring me to improve Prism based on their requirements .
Both
Yahoo and Zimbra were awesome about donating my work back to Mozilla
so that other Prism users can benefit .
I also have a few other clients using Prism , and together their
contributions have helped move the product forward tremendously , even
if it ’s been a relatively drawn - out process as you point out .
I can ’t
comment on Mozilla ’s future plans for Prism .
Q. Jolicloud makes use of Prism but I had not heard of Prism previously but it can be used on a desktop .
Are you seeing it used in other contexts outside of Jolicloud .
MG .
See above .
The biggest user is probably Zimbra , but there are others I
work with and doubtless many I do n’t even know about .
Basically if you
want a multiplatform single - site browser , Prism is still the only game
in town .
More on Prism
I ’ve downloaded Prism to my Mac and used it to replace my Mail App icon with a Gmail icon on the toolbar .
You can “ applify ” any website .
I can see other uses for Prism , even for creating web - based content that looks less like a website and more of an interactive experience like the CD - ROM game “ Myst . ”
There ’s an opportunity to break away from the constraints of the current web design paradigm , and perhaps learn from the lessons of iPhone apps .
Interactions can be embedded in the application without any dependence on the browser functions outside the view window .
I ’m not so sure my mom can handle the netbook but I ’m going to try it .
Jolicloud does allow me to customize the interface to those applications ( websites ) that she needs to use , which is essentially email and maybe Facebook .
That ’s what ’s remarkable about Jolicloud and the ideas that inspired it — you can customize a device and simply its interface by integrating it more deeply with the open web .
Enlarge By Denver Museum of Nature and Science The Cretaceous Creekbed diorama at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science shows two Stygimoloch spinfer dinosaurs fighting in the woodlands of North Dakota .
The scene is based on an actual fossil site .
An international team Thursday concluded that it was an asteroid , not volcanoes , that wiped out dinosaurs 65.5 million years ago .
In the Science magazine assessment , the 41 - scientist team led by geoscientist Peter Schulte of Germany 's Universität Erlangen - Nürnberg , looked at hundreds of land and sea - floor clay layers to examine microscopic fossils and chemistry dating to the event .
They counter recent suggestions that massive volcanoes might better explain the end of the Age of Dinosaurs .
POLL : Are the scientists correct ?
SCIENCE FAIR : Dinosaur ancestors split from crocodiles early Instead , the evidence suggests a single 6 - mile - wide asteroid traveling 45,000 mph blasted Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula at the time , creating " one of the biggest holes the Earth has ever seen , " says study co-author Kirk Johnson of the Denver Museum of Nature & Science .
Scientists have debated the impact theory since 1980 when a team led by Nobel prize - winning physicist Luis Alvarez reported a layer of the element iridium , commonly found in asteroids , resided in rocks dating to the so - called " K - T boundary . "
The mass extinction event killed off the dinosaurs and many other animal and plant species .
Alvarez and colleagues traced the impact to the 120 - mile - wide Chicxulub crater in the Gulf of Mexico , an idea that won increasing acceptance afterward .
But over the last decade , scientists such as Princeton 's Gerta Keller have contested the Chicxulub impact theory , suggesting that volcanism and multiple impacts may have combined to cause the mass extinctions seen in the fossil record .
Keller calls the Science assessment inaccurate , saying by e-mail , " ( t ) here is no new information here whatsoever .
They build their case largely on assumptions . "
Keller disputes the central confirmation of the assessment , matching the impact debris pattern revealed by the core records with fossil extinctions .
But Schulte and colleagues say critics of the impact hypothesis have confused continental shelf " slumping " that resulted from a magnitude 11 earthquake following the asteroid impact with evidence for later impacts .
And they find evidence that large - scale volcanism , in the " Deccan traps " region of modern - day India , started at least 400,000 years before the Chicxulub impact with no effect on life .
The team traces the extinctions to within plus - or - minus 10,000 years of the impact 65.5 million years ago .
" So we are back to where we started with the Alvarez hypothesis , a single , large , ( 6 - mile - wide ) impact , " Johnson says .
" We certainly do n't want it to happen again . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The mummy of King Tut 's mother is displayed during a news conference by the head of the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities to announce DNA results meant to reveal the parentage of Egypt 's famed King Tutankhamun at the Egyptian museum in Cairo February 17 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Discovery Magazine / Handout
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - A 3,000 - year - old painted coffin smuggled out of Egypt more than a century ago will be returned after U.S. customs inspectors intercepted it in transit , Egypt ’s culture ministry said on Monday .
The coffin , described as one of the “ most beautiful plastered and painted ” pieces found in Egypt , was seized by customs officials upon its arrival at a Florida airport in October 2008 , the ministry said in a statement .
An antiquities dealer named as Felix Cerera did not have ownership documents for it , prompting customs officials to suspect smuggling , the statement said .
An investigation by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security found the coffin had been smuggled out of Egypt in 1884 and had been exhibited in Madrid in 2007 .
Egypt requested its return in 2009 .
The coffin , carved to resemble a recipient identified as “ Imsey , ” is painted with images and religious inscriptions meant to aid the soul on its journey through the afterlife .
Zahi Hawass , secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , will travel to Washington on March 10 to retrieve the relic , the ministry said .
Hawass said he has managed to repatriate 5,000 artifacts to Egypt in the past eight years .
Jewish World Review February 24 , 2010 / 10 Adar 5770 Global Warming Update By Walter Williams
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com
|
Private industry and governments around the world have spent trillions of dollars in the name of saving our planet from manmade global warming .
Academic institutions , think tanks and schools have altered their curricula and agenda to accommodate what was seen as the global warming " consensus . "
Mounting evidence suggests that claims of manmade global warming might turn out to be the greatest hoax in mankind 's history .
Immune and hostile to the evidence , President Barack Obama 's administration and most of the U.S. Congress sides with Climate Czar Carol Browner , who says , " I 'm sticking with the 2,500 scientists .
These people have been studying this issue for a very long time and agree this problem is real . "
The scientists whom Browner references are associated with the U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Let 's look some of what they told us .
The 2007 IPCC report , which won them a Nobel Peace Prize , said that the probability of Himalayan glaciers " disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high " as a result of manmade global warming .
Recently , IPCC was forced to retract their glacier disappearance claim , which was made on the basis of a non-scientific magazine article .
When critics initially questioned the prediction , Rajendra Pachauri , IPCC 's chairman , dismissed them as " voodoo scientists . "
The IPCC also had to retract its claim that up to 40 percent of the Amazonian forests were at risk from global warming and would likely be replaced by " tropical savannas " if temperatures continued to rise .
The IPCC claim was based on a paper co-authored by the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) and the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , two environmental activist groups .
England 's now - disgraced University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) has been a leader in climate research data .
Their data , collected and analyzed by them , have been used for years to bolster IPCC efforts to press governments to cut carbon dioxide emissions .
Climatologists , including CRU 's disgraced former director Professor Phil Jones , have been accused of manipulating data and criminally withholding scientific information to prevent its disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act .
Professor Jones , considered to be the high priest of the manmade global warming movement , has been in the spotlight since he was forced to step down as CRU 's director after the leaking of e-mails that skeptics claim show scientists were manipulating data .
In a recent interview with the BBC , he admitted that he did not believe that " the debate on climate change is over " and that he did n't " believe the vast majority of climate scientists think this . "
Long denied by the warmers , Professor Jones admitted that the Medieval Warm Period ( The years 800 to 1300 . ) might well had been as warm as the Current Warm Period ( 1975 - present ) , or warmer , and that if it was , " then obviously the late - 20th century warmth would not be unprecedented . "
That suggests global warming may not be a manmade phenomenon .
In any case , Professor Jones said that for the past 15 years , there has been no " statistically significant " global warming .
During the BBC interview , Professor Jones dodged several questions : why he had asked a colleague to delete e-mails relating to the IPCC 's Fourth Assessment Report and ask others to do likewise ; whether some of his handling of data had crossed the line of acceptable scientific practice ; and what about his letter saying that he had used a " trick " to " hide the decline " in tree - ring temperature data ?
Given all the false claims and evidence pointing to scientific fraud , I do n't think it wise to continue spending billions of dollars and enacting economically crippling regulations in the name of fighting global warming .
At the minimum , we should stop the Environmental Protection Agency from going on with their plans to regulate carbon emissions .
Companies should resign from the United States Climate Action Partnership ( USCAP ) , a lobbying group of businesses and radical environmentalists .
Dr. Tom Borelli , who is director of the National Center for Public Policy Research 's Free Enterprise Project , says that BP , Caterpillar , Conoco Phillips , Marsh , Inc. and Xerox have the common sense to so already .
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider " must - reading " .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
include " /home/jwreview/public_html/t-ssi/jwr_squaread_300x250.php " ; ?>
Walter Williams Archives
© 2006 , Creators Syndicate .
Mr Blair said he had " really enjoyed " writing the book Tony Blair 's long - awaited memoir is to be published in September , the former prime minister 's publishers have said .
The book , which the publishers say Mr Blair wrote without a ghost writer , will be entitled The Journey .
Mr Blair , who left office in 2007 , said it would describe " the human as much as the political dimensions " of his life and time in No 10 .
Publication of the memoir , which his publishers say is " frank and open " , has been delayed until after the election .
Mr Blair reached a deal with publishing firm Random House in October 2007 to write the memoir .
The fee for the book is expected to run into millions of pounds although neither Mr Blair nor the publishers have commented on the sums involved .
Mr Blair follows in the footsteps of former prime ministers , including Sir John Major and Lady Thatcher , who wrote memoirs after leaving office .
Several key figures from the Blair government , including his director of communications Alistair Campbell , have already released their memoirs .
Mr Campbell was criticised for leaving out details of alleged rows between Mr Blair and his successor Gordon Brown when the latter was chancellor of the exchequer .
The former prime minister said he had not worked with a ghost writer on the book and the work was his alone .
" I have tried to write a book which describes the human as much as the political dimensions of life as prime minister , " he said .
" Though necessarily retrospective , it is an attempt to inform and shape current and future thinking as much as an historical account of the past . "
Publishers Random
House said the book was " frank , open , revealing and written in an intimate and accessible style " .
The book will be published simultaneously in the UK , US and Canada and Mr Blair will go on an international tour to publicise it .
Mr Blair , who served as prime minister for ten years and Labour leader for 13 years , will also voice an audio version of the book .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An example of a page using the CSS Transform property and cssSandpaper .
Visible in most major browsers , including Internet Explorer .
Layout based on work done by Paul Hayes in his article
The CSS transform property allows developers to rotate , scale , and skew blocks of HTML via CSS .
Although you can do the same thing with images in Photoshop or The GIMP , using CSS transforms allows developers to do the same thing with any HTML markup and allows users to select the text within the transformed object .
When I first saw sites using transform , I looked at the underlying code and tried to produce pages using transform in all browsers .
Although Firefox , Opera and Webkit based browser support it via vendor - specific prefixes ( using - moz - transform , -o - transform and - webkit - transform respectively ) Internet Explorer does n’t support it at all .
I did n’t like that , so I took out my JavaScript whip , beat Explorer into submission and made it do my bidding ( but not without getting a few mental bruises of my own ) .
Before I start talking about the details of my solution , let ’s take a look at a few examples of it in action .
The following code has been tested with Firefox 3.5 , Safari 4 , Chrome 4 , Internet Explorer 6 and higher .
( The examples also work on my copy of Opera 10.5 , although I have seen it fail on other installations – I will update this post when I find out why ) .
cssSandpaper to the Rescue
I saw the design potential of using CSS transforms and was frustrated at Explorer ’s lack of support .
I originally tried a non-JavaScript solution which involved creating CSS rules that combine transform with an IE technology that does something similar : the DXImageTransform .
Microsoft .
Matrix CSS filter .
I then , to steal a phrase from Russel Peters , started to Hurt Real Bad :
the syntax of transform is very obvious :
#myObject { transform : rotate ( 40deg ) scale ( 2.0 ) ; } but the IE filter code is quite intimidating : # myObject { filter : progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Matrix(sizingMethod='auto expand ' , M11=1.5320888862379554 , M12=-1.2855752193730787 , M21=1.2855752193730796 , M22=1.5320888862379558 ) ; } The scary numbers that the DXImageTransform .
Microsoft .
Matrix filter uses requires knowledge of matrix and vector mathematics .
Even though there is a great Wikipedia article on the subject , even the mathematically gifted would n’t want to do the calculations to do a simple rotate in CSS ( I would like to note here that even though I have a university degree in Mathematics , I hate doing arithmetic inside my head .
If you do n’t believe me , watch me figure out a tip at a restaurant sometime .
I ’m not kidding ) .
is very obvious : although it is possible to have a list of transformations using transform , the DXImageTransform .
Microsoft .
Matrix filter only allows one transform matrix .
In order to implement multiple transforms using one filter , a designer would have to convert all the transforms into matrices and multiply them together .
Again , as ugly as I am when I first wake up in the morning .
, the filter only allows one transform matrix .
In order to implement multiple transforms using one filter , a designer would have to convert all the transforms into matrices and multiply them together .
Again , as ugly as I am when I first wake up in the morning .
when rotating , skewing , or doing any other transformations on objects using the transform property , the center of the object remains fixed .
However , the Matrix filter does n’t keep the centre of the transformed object fixed , as seen by the illustration below :
Rotate using CSS transform Rotate using IE Filter
See the above example in action ( compare IE with the other browsers to see the difference for yourself )
I was about to give up on my endeavor until I read Weston Ruter ’s clever CSS Gradients in Canvas article , which implements gradients in older versions Firefox and Opera .
What I really liked was how he used the CSS from a web page to place the canvas gradients in the page ( as opposed to using CSS classes to indicate where the gradients should go ) .
I then thought it would be a great idea to do the same with CSS transforms – why not have JavaScript find out which objects are transformed by reading the style sheets containing the transform rules , and if the browser is Internet Explorer , apply the Matrix filter , while translating the image so that the center is maintained .
How hard could it be …….. right ?
After a few obsessive months of coding , coffee drinking and Asprin popping ( as well angrily asking myself on several occasions why the &@$ !
I would wanted to do this in the first place ) , I created cssSandpaper.js , a library that implements transform ( and some other CSS3 properties ) as consistently as possible in all browsers .
It uses many ideas from Ruter ’s gradient script , as well as sylvester .js , James Coglan ’s brilliant matrix and vector math library .
The code is currently in a beta stage , but I think that it ’s in good enough shape that developers can start to play around with these really cool effects today and have it work in almost any browser .
Browser Differences
After I finished cssSandpaper and played around with transforms , I found some slight differences in the way browsers handled them :
If you transform an object with scrollbars , it is possible to scroll the object in most browsers in most cases .
However , in the cube page I mocked up , I noticed the following behaviour : the left facing side of the cube is n’t easily accessible in IE .
the scrollbars do n’t appear at all in Opera .
the scrollbars are not quite clear in Chrome for Windows , although one can still scroll the sides if you can guess where they are .
Firefox 3.5 for Mac puts the scrollbars in strange places ( this has been fixed 3.6 ) .
In Internet Explorer , the text is selectable but sometimes it takes a few tries to figure out how to do it ( try selecting text with IE in my cube mockup and you ’ll see what I mean ) .
When selecting text within Firefox , the text tends to jump around ever so slightly for some odd reason ( this is quite a subtle effect that it is probably not noticeable in most instances ) .
It looks like Internet Explorer takes the block of HTML , converts it to an image and then does the transform ( I ’m not sure .. I ’m guessing ) .
As a result , the text in certain situations will look a little blurry , especially if scaling is involved .
As to be expected , the rendering of the transformed text in the other browsers slightly differs :
Explorer 6.x+ Firefox 3.5 + Safari 4.0 + Chrome 3.0 + Opera 10.0 + Windows Mac OS X Not Applicable Does n’t support transforms yet ( as of version 10.50 ) Linux Not Applicable Not Applicable Does n’t support transforms yet ( as of version 10.50 )
Using cssSandpaper
After downloading the archive you must put the following tags into the head of your document after all of your style sheet declarations ( this is to ensure the JavaScripts will run after the style sheets are loaded ) :
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " path/to/js/cssQuery-p.js " ></script> < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " path/to/js/jcoglan.com/sylvester.js " ></script> < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " path/to/js/cssSandpaper.js " ></ script>
You can then use the transform property in your web pages .
Note that since the specification for the transform property is finalized by the W3C , I decided to use the vendor - specific prefix - sand - before each CSS3 property it supports .
The following is a description of how to use transform , as well as two other CSS3 properties that cssSandpaper supports , box - shadow and gradient .
Go to the cssSandpaper documentation to download the latest version .
- sand - transform
Description Transforms allow developers to rotate , scale , and skew blocks of HTML via CSS .
Syntax # container { - sand - transform : < function - list > ; } where < function - list > can be a space separated list of the following functions : Function Purpose rotate ( angle ) Rotates HTML elements .
angle can be in degrees ( e.g. rotate ( 30deg ) ) or radians rotate ( 1.3rad ) scale ( sx [ , sy ] ) Scales HTML elements .
sx and sy are numbers , where 1 represents the original size , 2 represents twice the size , etc .
Note that if sy is n’t specified , it is assumed to be equal to sx .
Similar functions are scaleX ( sx ) and scale Y ( sy ) . skewX ( ax ) , and skew Y ( ay )
These functions skew the object around the x and y axes by the specified angles in degrees or radians .
Note : the skew ( ax , ay ) function , which used to work in browsers that support CSS3 Transforms natively is no longer part of the W3C CSS3 spec and is no longer supported by Firefox .
matrix ( a , c , b , d , tx , ty ) Applies a 2D transformation matrix comprised of the specified six values .
If you are n’t familiar with linear algebra and matrix arithmetic , this function will be hard to understand .
For further information , you may want to read Wikipedia ’s Transformation Matrix article , although if you are mathematically challenged , you may run away from your computer screaming .
If you are familiar with matrix multiplication , note that c and b are reversed .
This follows the way Firefox has implemented this method ( i believe WebKit based browsers reverse these numbers ) .
Note : non-Explorer browsers support the translate function as well .
I have not been able to find a way to make this work IE at this time , due to a technical issue with the IE ’s Matrix filter property ( for those who want details , I use sizing Method= ' auto expand ' when using the Matrix filter which does n’t support translations , and using sizing Method= ’ crop ’ is not suitable to emulate the transform property ) .
For this reason , the tx and ty values of the matrix ( ) function are not supported as well .
Examples Rotations
Skews
- sand-box - shadow
Description box - shadow allows us to take a block level element and put a shadow underneath .
There can optionally set a blur factor to give a warmer effect to the shadow .
Syntax # container { - sand- box - shadow : < horizontal - offset > < vertical - offset > < blur - radius > ; } Note that in IE , the blur - radius is not supported , due to a lack of support in IE ’s DropShadow filter .
Examples Box -Shadow Example
- sand - gradient
Description Gradients are gradual blends of color , and can be linear or radial : Syntax # container { background - image : - sand - gradient ( < type > , < start - point > , < end- point > , < color - stop1 > , < color - stop2 > , ... , < color - stopN > ) }
The type can be linear and gradient , although Internet Explorer does n’t support radial gradients at this time , due to limitations in IE ’s gradient filter .
Internet Explorer also only supports simple linear gradients ( i.e. only horizontal and vertical and only two colours ) .
A more detailed explanation can be found in the section regarding gradients of the W3C ’s working draft of CSS Image Values Module Level 3 Examples Gradients Example Page
Other Known Issues
Currently , when a users changes the font - size in IE , the layout gets a little messed up .
This will be fixed in a future release .
Scripting in IE can not be done via the usual obj.style.transform .
There is , however , an alternative way of scripting the cssSandpaper supported properties which will be outlined in a future blog post ( I do n’t mean to keep anyone in suspense … it ’s just that I feel like I ’ve spent too much time on this post and I want to get at least this part out the door :-) ) .
.
There is , however , an alternative way of scripting the cssSandpaper supported properties which will be outlined in a future blog post ( I do n’t mean to keep anyone in suspense … it ’s just that I feel like I ’ve spent too much time on this post and I want to get at least this part out the door :-) ) .
Opera 10.5 sort of works .
It works on my copy , but not on another copy I ’ve seen .
I do n’t know why yet , but I will find out soon and post and update when I do .
Weston Ruter ’s gradient script has more features .
I will incorporate them in a future release .
Future Work
cssSandpaper will eventually be about more than just transforms – I would like to be able to support other advanced CSS topics ( maybe even animations , if it is possible ) .
It probably has a few bugs in it – I would really appreciate anyone letting me know if you find any ( my e-mail address is at the top left part of the page ) .
If anyone would like to get contribute code or do testing , I would love the help too . :-)
Acknowledgments
I would like to thank Weston Ruter for his CSS Gradients in Canvas script , since I stole many of his ideas with his permission ( I will be implementing more of the advanced features of his script in a future release of CSS3Sandpaper ) .
I would also like to thank James Coglan for building Sylvester so I did n’t have to .
Downloads
Go to the cssSandpaper documentation to download the latest version .
Multiply by 11
Multiplying by 11 is one of the easiest tricks to learn because you do n't have to do any multiplication .
You just have to know how to add .
This trick will work for any number multiplied by 11 even really large numbers .
Look at the math problem 11 X 3247 = ?
Let 's see how the trick works .
Write down the one 's digit : 7
Add the one 's and ten 's digits together 7 + 4 = 11 so carry a 1 and write down 1 .
Add the next two numbers 4 + 2 = 6 and add the 1 we carried which is 7 .
Write down 7 .
Add the next two numbers 2 + 3 = 5 and no numbers carried over .
Write down 5 .
Add the last number 3 to any numbers you just carried over .
We carried over 0 so write down 3
ANSWER is 35717 .
Watch the math video below for a detailed explanation !
Practice Math Problems
template < int Depth , int A , typename B > struct Binary { enum { value = 1 + Binary < depth - 1 , 0 , Binary >:: value + Binary < depth - 1 , 1 , Binary >:: value } ; } ; template < int a , typename B > struct Binary < 0 , A , B > { enum { value = 1 } ; } ; int main ( void ) { static const int N = 10 ; const int instantiations = Binary < N,0 , int >:: value ; }
template < class V1 , class V2 > struct Intersection { typedef typename boost::mpl::copy_if<V1 , boost::mpl::contains<V2 , boost::mpl::placeholders::_1 > >:: type type ; } ;
struct null_type {} ; template < typename ...
Arg > struct vector {} ; template < typename V > struct front ; template < typename V > struct pop_front ; template < typename Head , typename ...
Tail > struct front < vector < Head , Tail ...> > { typedef
Head type ; } ; template <> struct front < vector <> > { typedef null_type type ; } ; template < typename Head , typename ...
Tail > struct pop_front < vector < Head , Tail ...> > { typedef vector < Tail ...> type ; } ; template <> struct pop_front < vector <> > { typedef vector <> type ; } ; template < typename Vector , typename T > struct push_back ; template < typename T , typename ...
Args > struct push_back < vector < Args ...> , T> { typedef vector < Args ... , T > type ; } ; template < typename Vector > struct size ; template < typename ...
Args > struct size < vector < Args ...> > { typedef size type ; enum { value = sizeof ... ( Args ) } ; } ; template < typename Vector , typename What > struct contains ; template < typename What , typename Head , typename ...
Tail > struct contains < vector < Head , Tail ...> ,
What > : std::conditional < std::is_same<Head ,
What >:: value , std:: true_type , contains < vector < Tail ...> , What > >:: type { typedef contains type ; } ; template < typename What > struct contains < vector <> , What > { typedef contains type ; enum { value = 0 } ; } ; template < class V1 , class V2 > struct Intersection ; template < class V1 , class V2 , unsigned int N > struct Intersection_impl { typedef typename front < V2 > :: type Head ; typedef typename pop_front < V2 > :: type Tail ; typedef typename Intersection < V1 , Tail > :: type I ; typedef typename std::conditional < contains < V1 , Head >:: value , typename push_back < I , Head > :: type , I >:: type type ; } ; template < class V1 , class V2 > struct Intersection_impl < V1 , V2 , 0 > { typedef vector <> type ; } ; template < class V1 , class V2 > struct Intersection { typedef typename Intersection_impl < V1 , V2 , size < V1 > :: value * size < V2 > :: value >:: type type ; } ;
One of the practical issues with C++ meta - programming is its speed .
C++ programs that use heavy meta- programming can be notoriously slow to compile on contemporary compilers .
Things are changing , however .
Check the following comparison of gcc 4.5 against gcc 4.4.3 .
The first graph is obtained from a program that creates a binary tree of template instantiations .
The x -axis shows the number of instantiations when value of N goes from 8 to 17 .
I could not build up patience for gcc 4.4.3 beyond 16363 instantiations ( N=13 ) .
On the other hand , gcc 4.5 does pretty good and its increase in compilation time is indeed linear as mentioned here .
Here is the program that creates a binary tree of template instantiations .
The second graph is obtained from a program that finds an intersection of two MPL vectors .
Again gcc 4.5 shows linear increase in compilation time as opposed to gcc 4.4.3 .
Here is the intersection program .
While all that is already exciting , it fades in comparison to the performance of variadic templates in C++0 x .
The green line in the second graph shows negligible effect on performance with the increasing number of template parameters .
Here is my intersection metaprogram using variadic templates .
So long story short , seems like better days are ahead for C++ meta-programming !
This Is Why You Need Designer Glasses
IBM scientists in Zurich , Dr. Costas Bekas ( left ) and Dr. Alessandro Curioni , stand next to a Blue Gene / P system similar to the one where they conducted a record - breaking experiment to validate nine terabytes of data ( nine million million or a number with 12 zeros ) in less than 20 minutes , without compromising accuracy .
Photo credit : Michael Lowry
( PhysOrg.com ) -- IBM
Research today unveiled a breakthrough method based on a mathematical algorithm that reduces the computational complexity , costs , and energy usage for analyzing the quality of massive amounts of data by two orders of magnitude .
This new method will greatly help enterprises extract and use the data more quickly and efficiently to develop more accurate and predictive models .
In a record - breaking experiment , IBM researchers used the fourth most powerful supercomputer in the world -- a Blue Gene / P system at the Forschungszentrum Julich in Germany -- to validate nine terabytes of data ( nine million million or a number with 12 zeros ) in less than 20 minutes , without compromising accuracy .
Ordinarily , using the same system , this would take more than a day .
Additionally , the process used just one percent of the energy that would typically be required .
The breakthrough will be presented today at the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics conference in Seattle .
" In a world with already one billion transistors per human and growing daily , data is exploding at an unprecedented pace , " said Dr. Alessandro Curioni , manager of the Computational Sciences team at IBM Research - Zurich .
" Analyzing these vast volumes of continuously accumulating data is a huge computational challenge in numerous applications of science , engineering and business .
This breakthrough greatly extends the ability to analyze the quality of large volumes of data at rapid speeds . "
One of the most computation - intense , yet critical factors in analytics is the measurement of the quality of the data , which shows how reliable the data is that is being used and also generated by the model .
In areas ranging from traffic management , financial management and water management this method could pave the way to create more powerful , complex and accurate models with greater predictability .
For example :
• A water authority could analyze real time , map - based information and geo-analytics to develop predictive models showing problems before they occur across the sprawling infrastructure of pipes , valves , public fire hydrants , collection pipes , man holes and water meters .
This can be done by analyzing an enormous amount of data and uncovering patterns related to weather conditions , water use , and hundreds of other variables
• Supply chains face many challenges when it comes to logistics , such as road construction , traffic or poor weather that may get in the way of delivering the final product on time .
With multiple suppliers to source parts from , along with a variety of transportation modes and tight deadlines the variables and challenges are endless .
Using GPS - data , traffic sensors , a database of suppliers and demand forecasting , analytics can aid in making realtime decisions when these types of unforeseen obstacles arise
The amount of digital data is increasing at enormous rates - due also to the ever more ubiquitous presence of sensors , actuators , RFID - tags or GPS - tracking - devices .
These miniature computers measure everything from the degree of pollution of ocean water to traffic patterns to food supply chains .
With all of this data come new challenges as organizations are now struggling to not only extract the relevant information out of it , but to also make sure it 's accurate .
IBM researchers are pursuing leading edge research and actively engaging in client projects to extend the ability for analytics to predict outcomes and improve the speed and quality of business decisions .
" Determining how typical or how statistically relevant the data is , helps us to measure the quality of the overall analysis and reveals flaws in the model or hidden relations in the data , " explains Dr. Costas Bekas of IBM Research - Zurich .
" Efficient analysis of huge data sets requires the development of a new generation of mathematical techniques that target at both reducing computational complexity and at the same time allow for their efficient deployment on modern massively parallel resources . "
The new method demonstrated by the IBM scientists brings down computational complexity and has very good scaling characteristics that reach to the full scale of the JuGene Supercomputer at the Forschungszentrum Julich with its 72 racks of IBM 's Blue Gene / P system , 294,912 processors and a peak performance of one petaflop .
" In the next years supercomputing will provide us with unique insights and will help to create added value with new technologies , " says Prof.
Dr. Thomas Lippert , Director of the Julich Supercomputing Centre .
" A cornerstone for the future will be innovative tools and algorithms helping us to analyze the huge amount of data provided by simulations on the most powerful computers . "
Explore further Leading - edge data analytics and visualization enable breakthrough science
Source : IBM
The College Board ’s Advanced Placement program is expanding in American high schools , but as it moves from being a program primarily for elite students , the number of test - takers who fail A.P. exams is growing  although not as much as the number of those who pass .
According to a College Board report , about 800,000 public high school seniors in last May ’s graduating class , or 26.5 percent of the class , took an A.P. exam at some point in their high school career , almost twice as many as took A.P. exams in the class of 2001 .
While the majority of students who take A.P. exams still earn a passing score of 3 , 4 or 5 , which is enough to earn college credit at many institutions , the share of failing scores has risen with the program ’s rapid expansion .
In 2009 , about 43 percent of the 2.3 million A.P. exams taken earned a failing grade of 1 or 2 , compared with 39 percent of the one million exams taken by the class of 2001 .
“ Are we getting more 1 ’s and 2’s ?
Absolutely , ” said Trevor Packer , vice president of the Advanced Placement program .
“ But are we getting more 3 ’s , 4 ’s and 5’s ?
Even more so .
So the question is whether that increase in the percentage of low scores is a reasonable tradeoff for the even larger growth in high scores .
And I do n’t know an educator who would n’t think it ’s a good tradeoff to take the risk and give more courses that we know have been good for the few . ”
This column began when I tried to find the answer to what I thought would be a simple question :
How many job cuts has Hewlett - Packard had over the past decade ?
The answer shocked me :
75,505 .
That includes people who were fired or took early retirement .
Despite the cuts , HP ’s workforce has tripled in size as the company hired people in new areas and bought companies such as Compaq and EDS .
When their companies stumble — as HP did in the 1990s — most CEOs generally use only two strategies to fix things : fire lots of people , or buy another company .
Beginning with the arrival of Carly Fiorina in 1999 , and continuing under her successor , Mark Hurd , HP has undertaken a staggering transformation , as it pursued both strategies with a vengeance .
An HP spokesman responded with an official statement that said the number of employees the company has added exceeds the population of Reno , Nev. , and said , “ Like every company , we are constantly evaluating ways to make our business more efficient and productive , which includes making sure that we have the right workforce that best addresses our customers ’ needs . ”
And to be fair , the company has thrived over this period of time , delivered results for shareholders , gainfully employed hundreds of thousands of people , successfully handled a series of mergers , and emerged as the world ’s largest technology company by revenue .
So why do I find HP ’s job cutting so extraordinary ?
First , let ’s start with some context .
To find job - cut numbers of this magnitude , you have to look to the automotive or airline industries .
General Motors , for instance , has announced 195,000 jobs cut since 2001 , according to outplacement firm Challenger Grey & Christmas , and Delta Air Lines announced cuts of 51,154 .
But when we talk about those industries , we talk about failure .
As they dance in and out of bankruptcy and receive government intervention to stay afloat , we wonder whether they will collapse completely .
By comparison , HP is a fairly healthy company .
Yes , it had lost market leadership in areas like personal computers before Fiorina arrived .
But during this decade of massive restructuring , the company failed to turn an annual profit only once .
Along the way , HP announced cuts for three reasons : to cut costs , to “ rebalance ” the workforce and to reduce head count after mergers as it eliminated duplicative operations .
The biggest of those mergers were Compaq in 2002 and EDS in 2008 .
And HP still plans to cut another 8,600 employees by the end of its fiscal year in October .
When all is said and done , HP will have trimmed almost as many employees ( 84,000 ) as it employed as recently as the year 2000 ( 88,000 ) .
A closer look at the Compaq and EDS mergers also offers insight into why companies cut jobs after an acquisition .
It is n’t simply the desire to reduce overlap from the merged work forces , although that can seem compelling .
Such deals also allow for attractive accounting terms that reduce the impact that layoffs might otherwise have on profits .
Look at the EDS deal , for instance .
Normally , the cost of job cuts comes out of a company ’s bottom line for the year .
But when HP acquired EDS , it counted the job cuts as part of the price of the acquisition .
That changed the accounting treatment and allowed HP to deduct the costs from profits over several years .
How effective was HP ’s job - cutting strategy for its finances ?
The company did not give a specific figure on how much it has saved from the cuts , except to claim billions in annual savings .
At the same time , it has paid out $ 5.05 billion in severance to the workers who were cut .
I understand the need for a company to be profitable , but I wonder if part of that severance money could have been used instead to retrain some of the workers subject to losing their jobs .
There is also the social cost of all these job cuts , though these are also difficult to pinpoint since we do n’t know where in the world these job cuts occurred .
But in the U.S. , we know these people would collect unemployment insurance for several months from funds paid by payroll taxes .
And in our own state , the fund to pay that money is in trouble .
Last year , the Employment Development Department announced that California ’s unemployment insurance fund could be $ 17.8 billion in debt by the end of this year .
Since HP would not provide these layoff figures , I calculated them myself from filings the company made with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Believe me , the information was not easy to find .
The bottom line of HP ’s reinvention is this : HP is No. 1 in PC sales .
Its annual profit has more than doubled since 2000 .
And its stock is up from $ 39.71 per share in November 2000 to $ 48.62 this week , or about 22 percent .
The Dow Jones industrial average is down about 7 percent during that same stretch .
So whatever HP ’s job - cutting teaches us about the increasingly cold realities of the workplace , we can be sure what it ’s teaching future generations of business leaders : Job cuts work .
Contact Chris O’Brien at 415-298-0207 or cobrien@mercurynews.com .
Follow him at http://twitter.com/sjcobrien and read his blog posts at http://www.siliconbeat.com.
9 10 100 S 11 50 30 R 12 S 13 40 20 S 14 45 40 R 15 R 16 S 18 45 20 R 21 R 22
50 1 1 135 3 1 2 3 135 3 1 2 3 140 3 1 3 4 130 3 2 3 4
Quora shows a customized feed of recent stories on a user 's home page .
Stories in Quora refer to activities that happen on the site , for example , when a user posts a note , adds a question , or upvotes an answer .
We score each story based on its type and other characteristics , and this score represents the value we think a story brings to the user .
We want to be able to generate quickly the feed of best and most recent stories for the user every time they reload their home page .
Your task will be to design the algorithm that picks the stories to display in the feed .
You are given a list of stories , each having a time of publication , a score and a certain height in pixels that it takes to display the story .
Given the total number of pixels in the browser available for displaying the feed , you want to maximize the sum of scores for the stories that you can display in the feed at each time the user reloads their home page .
We only want to consider recent stories , so only stories that were published in a recent time window from the time of reload should be considered .
You do not have to use up all the pixels in the browser .
The first line of input will be 3 positive integers : N the number of events , W the time window representing the window of recent stories , and H the height of the browser in pixels .
There will be N lines following that , each beginning with ‘ S ’ if it is a story event , or ‘ R ’ if it is a reload event .
A story event will have 3 positive integers : the time of publication , the score and the height in pixels of that story .
A reload event will have 1 positive integer : the time of reload .
The events will always be in chronological order , and no two events will happen at the same time .
For example : For each reload event given in the input , you are to output a line of integers .
First , the maximum score of stories you can show in the feed .
This should be followed by the number of stories picked and the id number for each story picked , in increasing order .
Stories are given an id starting from 1 in the order of their time of publication .
If two sets of stories give the same score , choose the set with fewer stories .
If there is still a tie , choose the set which has the lexicographically smaller set of ids , e.g. choose [ 1 , 2 , 5 ] over [ 1 , 3 , 4 ] .
For example : Explanation : There are 4 stories ( with ids 1 to 4 ) and 5 reload events .
At the first reload , there is only one story with score of 50 available for display .
The next two reloads , we have 3 stories that take up 90 of the 100 pixels available , for a total score of 135 .
When we reload at time 21 , there are 4 stories available for choosing , but only 3 will fit into the browser height .
The best set is [ 1 , 3 , 4 ] for a total score of 140 .
At the last reload event , we no longer consider story 1 when choosing stories because it is more than 10 time units old .
The best set is thus [ 2 , 3 , 4 ] .
All times are positive integers up to 1,000,000,000 .
All scores are positive integers up to 1,000,000 .
All heights are positive integers .0 < N <= 10,0000 < H <= 2,0000 < W <= 2,000
You should aim to have your algorithm be fast enough to solve our largest test inputs in under 5 seconds , or be as close to that as possible .
For this contest , we are considering a smaller - scale version of our feed optimization problem with simplified constraints .
( The actual feed on our site uses a different algorithm . )
James 's comment reiterated ones made by Darwin Moore in northern Indiana , who also expressed a hopeful desperation for Obama 's healthcare agenda to pass quickly .
Like James , Darwin and his wife , Laura , are accepting extreme personal risk in exchange for the opportunity to pursue their dream of small business ownership .
Darwin is " uninsurable " because he survived a brain aneurysm last year .
Though his doctor has scheduled follow - up exams to monitor the status of his aneurysm , Darwin wo n't be able to accept that care because his family can't afford thousands out - of - pocket for the necessary brain scans .
Laura told me that prayer would have to be the main means of health insurance for her husband " until Obama fixes the system . "
I worry that if the fixes do n't come soon enough , Laura could end up running their small business alone .
For most of his adult life Shawn Burke has known he could never hope to start his own small business .
More than twenty years ago an insurer stuck Shawn with over $ 750,000 in medical bills after ruling that his policy 's fine - print clause about problem pregnancies absolved the company of responsibility for paying the expenses of his prematurely - born son .
( I saw another family profiled in the news last week going through a nearly identical situation . )
" That f*cked up my entire life , " Shawn told me .
As a result , the 48 - year - old has never even been able to secure a credit card .
Specific experiences such as the above make it fairly easy to illustrate how the business practices of a for - profit health insurance industry can create roadblocks that hinder entrepreneurship .
I find it a greater challenge to convey the more profound detrimental impact the current status quo has on individual ambition , freedom , and the pursuit of happiness .
Turns of tragedy have solid facts to report , while chronicles of unexploited potential rest on the demise of ephemeral aspirations .
I encountered dozens of individuals across the country who nurtured secret dreams and ambitions of the kind that could lead to great personal satisfaction but uncertain material wealth or stability .
Without exception , as Hollywood cliches would dictate , every one expressed that they would n't need much money if they could live their dream ... until they thought about health insurance .
That 's when their dreams hit a wall of reality .
Fear of losing -- or not being able to afford - - health insurance was the most common reason given for not embarking on an individual initiative or small business dream .
Melissa Hinebauch , a stay - at - home - mom with a recently laid off husband in Concord , New Hampshire , helped give me perspective on the refrain I 'd been hearing in the 40 + states I crossed before meeting her .
Melissa had missed being in a professional environment and always intended to return when her small children reached school age , but her pressing reality was that her family 's COBRA coverage was nearing the end of its subsidized period .
Her husband 's job prospects were unclear , so she was re-entering the workforce to secure any job that provided health benefits .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Robert Culp , the actor who rose to fame as secret agent Kelly Robinson on the groundbreaking 1960s TV series " I Spy " and later played Ray Romano 's father - in - law on " Everybody Loves Raymond , " has died .
He was 79 .
Culp died after falling on a sidewalk near a Los Angeles park , said his publicist , Dick Delson .
Delson had no further details .
The versatile Culp not only acted in " I Spy , " which aired on NBC from 1965 to 1968 , he also wrote several episodes .
The series , which also starred Bill Cosby as Robinson 's partner ( and , as their covers , trainer to Culp 's globe - trotting tennis player ) , was the first to feature an African - American in a lead role ; Cosby won three Emmys for his work .
" I never had so much fun in my life , never , before or since , " he said of " I Spy " in a 2007 interview with the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences ' Archive of American Television .
Culp and Cosby remained good friends after the series left air .
But Culp could be hard on himself , he said -- material he channeled into Kelly Robinson .
" There are a lot of flaws in Kelly Robinson , much more than you see in the ordinary leading character on a TV show , " he said .
" Those all come from inside .
Those are all part of me . "
Culp collapsed near the lower entrance to Runyon Canyon Park , a popular hiking area in Hollywood , according to a Los Angeles Police official .
He was pronounced dead at a hospital a half hour later , Officer Rosaria Herrera said .
It was unclear if the fall caused his death , and the coroner has opened an investigation , she said .
Culp made the transition to motion picture actor with mixed success .
He starred in 1969 's " Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice , " a talked - about film about spouse - swapping couples , as well as 1971's " Hannah Caulder , " opposite Raquel Welch , and 1972's " Hickey & Boggs . "
Later in his career , he also appeared in " The Pelican Brief " ( 1993 ) .
But he was most often seen on television , appearing in dozens of series episodes and TV movies over his 50 - year career , starting with scores of episodes of Westerns and Golden Age dramas in the '50s and early ' 60s .
His notable credits include a co-starring role in the series " The Greatest American Hero " and appearances on " The Cosby Show , " " Columbo , " " Wings , " " Chicago Hope " and " Raymond . "
Culp is survived by his fifth wife , Candace Faulkner .
His five marriages produced five children and five grandchildren , according to his Web site .
CNN 's Jack Hannah and Alan Duke contributed to this report .
CHRISTMAS has come early to Australia 's commercial television channels in the form of a $ 240 million gift from Communications Minister Steven Conroy .
This year he will give the networks a 33 per cent rebate on their annual licence fees of $ 287 million and next year a 50 per cent rebate .
Although the announcement is headed '' Government to protect Australian content on commercial television ' ' , the broadcasters will be required to do no more than meet existing Australian content requirements in return for the rebates .
Senator Conroy said Australian networks faced higher licence fees than networks overseas and were facing challenges including the switch to digital television .
' ' [ Broadcasters ] are faced with a converging media environment and [ the ] switch to digital television , as well as the impact on revenue created by a decline in advertising spend as a result of the global financial crisis .
The government recognises that the commercial broadcasters will require assistance to maintain Australian content production , while investing in a new delivery platform . ''
Horse
Horse Stall contains all types of information for Horse Lovers .
There are a number of products branded horse gifts and products .
All gifts have a unique horse design that horse lovers and pony owners will appreciate .
Branded items include : t- shirts , sweatshirts , sneakers , posters , skateboards , mouse pads , stickers , bumper stickers , buttons , mugs , tote bags , invitations , greeting cards , neckties , postcards , posters , prints and much more !
Horse Articles
Today , Chief Judge Vaughn Walker of the federal district court in San Francisco found that the government illegally wiretapped an Islamic charity 's phone calls in 2004 , granting summary judgment for the plaintiffs in Al - Haramain Islamic Foundation v. Obama .
The court held the government liable for violating the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
Today 's order is the first decision since ACLU v. NSA to hold that warrantless wiretapping by the National Security Agency was illegal .
The decision in ACLU v. NSA was overturned on other grounds in 2007 , and the focus of the government 's litigation strategy since then has been to avoid having any court rule on the merits of the issue .
The court 's thorough decision is a strong rebuke to the government 's argument that only the Executive Branch may determine if a case against the government can proceed in the courts , by invoking state secrets .
The Obama Administration adopted this " state secrets privilege " theory from the Bush Administration 's legal positions in this and other warrantless wiretapping cases .
The government 's overreaching claim of unbridled executive power finally backfired today in the Al - Haramain case .
As the court wrote in its order , " Under defendants ' theory , executive branch officials may treat FISA as optional and freely employ the SSP [ state secrets privilege ] to evade FISA , a statute enacted specifically to rein in and create a judicial check for executive branch abuses of surveillance authority . "
The court , although noting the government 's " impressive display of argumentative acrobatics , " flatly rejected this theory .
" Defendants could readily have availed themselves of the court 's processes to present a single , case - dispositive item of evidence at one of a number of stages of this multi- year ligitation : a FISA warrant .
They never did so . "
Therefore , " for purposes of this litigation , there was no such warrant for the electronic surveillance of any of plaintiffs , " and the surveillance therefore violated FISA .
In his opinion , Judge Walker found that the plaintiffs had succeeded in making out a case based solely on non-classified public evidence that the government had eavesdropped on their phone calls .
Because the government refused to confirm or deny that it had ever gotten a court order authorizing that wiretapping , Walker concluded that the government had failed to dispute the plaintiffs ' claims .
Walker then held that the government violated FISA when it spied on the charity without first obtaining an order from the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to authorize the spying .
The plaintiffs also brought several other claims against the government based on the illegal wiretapping , including claims for violation of the First and Fourth Amendments to the Constitution .
However , today 's order only granted summary judgment on the FISA claims .
The next step is up to the plaintiffs , according to Judge Walker .
Al Haramain can either voluntarily dismiss their non-FISA claims and obtain a final judgment , including damages , on their FISA claim , or they can continue to press their additional claims , in which case the court and the parties will have a case management conference to determine how to proceed .
Regardless of which path the plaintiffs choose , the government is ultimately likely to appeal Judge Walker 's decision to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , which will also be considering appeals in EFF 's NSA wiretapping lawsuits Hepting v. AT&T and Jewel v. NSA .
There is mismatch between HTTPS indicated on the server and client .
This can lead to non working phpMyAdmin or a security risk .
Please fix your server configuration to indicate HTTPS properly .
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
An unemployed Frenchman has been arrested for targeting the Twitter accounts of President Barack Obama and singer Britney Spears , French police said on Wednesday .
President Barack Obama talks on the phone en route to George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia , in this handout picture taken on March 19 , 2010 REUTERS / Pete Souza / The White House / Handout
Captain Adeline Champagnat , a senior member of the police cyber crimes unit , said the 25 - year - old man gained access to passwords of Twitter administrators and used them to try to break into the accounts of U.S. politicians and stars .
“ He did n’t get as far as their personal accounts .
But he had gained control of Twitter , ” she told Reuters Television in an interview .
She said the FBI had tipped off the French police in July last year that one or more people were trying to get access to Twitter and had gained control of the social network .
That enabled them to create and delete accounts and steal confidential information .
The hacker , who went by the online name of HackerCroll , is under arrest in the central French town of Clermont Ferrand .
He was known to have carried out minor internet fraud but in this case was driven by the thrill of the challenge and appeared to be more interested in the private life of his victims than on obtaining sensitive data , Champagnat said .
“ His aim was n’t to make money .
It was simply to show that he was able to access accounts of Twitter members .
And the best proof of that is that he did screen grabs of certain confidential data which he tried to post on blogs that are reserved for pirates or hackers , ” she said .
She said several FBI agents were currently in France to help their French counterparts carry out searches .
“ The collaboration was very good with the FBI and it ’s always very good with the FBI , because there ’s a real exchange of information .
It ’s good cooperation to arrest the offender , ” she said .
London , England ( CNN ) --
A warning from Britain 's queen over paparazzi intrusions won backing from a leading royal photographer Tuesday as speculation mounted that the move could indicate Prince William 's imminent engagement .
Queen Elizabeth 's lawyers recently contacted leading UK newspapers , reminding them of privacy obligations under a voluntary press code of conduct , ahead of the family 's Christmas gathering at Sandringham House , in eastern England .
Her request also highlights the often uneasy relationship Britain 's royals have had with the paparazzi , particularly in the wake of Princess Diana 's death in a car crash while being pursued by photographers .
But , say some photographers , it is also an attempt by the royals to prevent unflattering photos of them hunting , an activity that divides opinion in the UK and is often seen as the preserve of the country 's privileged classes .
Arthur Edwards , a long - serving royal photographer for the tabloid Sun newspaper , said the queen 's request was a timely message ahead of what is expected to be huge interest in a possible royal wedding between William and long - term girlfriend Kate Middleton .
" The fact is , unless it is a genuine story of public interest , there 's a problem , " he told CNN .
" If the queen had a road traffic accident or Sandringham House caught fire , or someone had painted swastikas on the walls , then we would be all over it like a rash , but the fact it 's just gratuitous pictures of them out shooting pheasants or the queen riding , being bothered by photographers -- she has every right to ask for that . "
Edwards said that while press interest in the British royals had waned since the frenzied coverage of Diana , it could be reignited by any impending nuptials .
And though he said photographers would be justified in stepping up their coverage , he insists there should be limits .
" I feel that if Kate Middleton gets engaged to William , then she will one day be queen of Great Britain , therefore it's of genuine interest .
" But when she 's coming out a nightclub at two o'clock in the morning , following her through the streets and chasing her to her house and terrifying the life out her is wrong . "
Edwards said he believed the queen 's warning highlights the concerns of Diana 's former husband , Prince Charles , over the wellbeing of their sons William and Harry .
" I suspect it 's him more worried about Kate Middleton and future girlfriends of Prince Harry .
Because what happened to their mother can't happen again . "
He added : " My personal view is that it is fine that those aggressive paparazzi were reined in a bit . "
Bookmakers say odds of a 2009 royal engagment have shortened drastically due to heavy betting following the queen 's request .
Rupert Adams of William
Hill say odds of 12 - 1 have now been trimmed to 4 - 1 , however he speculated that the queen 's message was more likely to be linked to privacy for hunting rather than princely romance .
There has been controversy over recent pictures taken by photographers around the Sandringham estate .
Earlier this year Prince Edward was cleared of animal cruelty after he was pictured reprimanding his dogs .
According to one press photographer familiar with the queen 's Sandringham estate , the legal warning is closely linked to the royals ' desire to limit coverage to carefully coordinated opportunities , particularly at Christmas .
" They 're happy to be photographed going to church , but when it comes to killing things , they do n't want to be seen , " the photographer , who asked not to be identified , said .
He said though certain times of year attracted large numbers of photographers , the images did not sell for huge amounts .
" It 's a living , " he said .
An Irish American pastor in Boulder , Colorado has defended his decision not to allow a child of a lesbian couple to continue to attend Catholic school in his parish .
The child is currently in pre-school there .
The Rev. Bill Breslin , pastor of Sacred Heart of Jesus Church in Boulder , posted his sermon to parishioners .
" The issue is not about our not accepting ' sinners , ' " he said .
" It is not about punishing the child for the sins of his or her parents .
It is simply that the lesbian couple is saying that their relationship is a good one that should be accepted by everyone ; and the Church cannot agree to that . "
Gay and lesbian groups are attacking the decision
" The Archdiocese of Denver has acted very unjustly in singling out this child for exclusion , " said Dignity USA Executive Director Marianne Duddy - Burke in a statement Monday .
" Until every student 's parents are tested on Catholic teaching , this action by Catholic officials cannot be understood as anything other than discrimination on the back of a child .
At a tender age , this child has learned that Catholic officials are willing to inflict pain on children and families . "
However , the archdiocese of Denver is strongly defending its decision .
“ Parents living in open discord with Catholic teaching in areas of faith and morals unfortunately choose by their actions to disqualify their children from enrollment , " it said in a statement posted on its website .
" To allow children in these circumstances to continue in our school would be a cause of confusion for the student in that what they are being taught in school conflicts with what they experience in the home . ”
Gay groups plan to protest
" These actions by the Denver Archdiocese harm the student by taking the child away from friends , teachers and community , " said Jarrett Barrios , president of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation .
" It 's deeply troubling to see any school remove a child from their educational program simply as the means of rejecting that child 's parents . "
But the archdiocese defended its decision .
About 30 opponents of the move protested Sunday outside the church during Mass .
" I was disappointed , but it was pretty much what I was expecting to hear , " said Dave Ensign , board president of Boulder Pride , a Gay organization .
" When people hear about this , they speak up , and I think that says a lot about our community . "
The child has not been identified publicly .
Cyclers : Transportation Network Among the Stars ?
Last July at the Aosta conference Greg Matloff presented a paper on using near - Earth objects for transportation .
It ’s an interesting concept ( discussed here ) , one that takes advantage of the fact that there are a few such objects that pass close by the Earth and then go on to cross the orbit of Mars .
Greg was able to show that it would be possible to exploit this trajectory to use the NEO as what Buzz Aldrin has called an ‘ orbital cycler , ’ hitching a ride at least one way and disembarking upon arrival .
Reducing Starship Mass
The idea is useful because space travel requires so much energy .
Put all this in the interstellar context , as science fiction writer Karl Schroeder does in this interesting essay , and you realize that whether we ’re talking about beamed sails or antimatter or nuclear fusion , most of the mass of the vehicle is involved with accelerating and decelerating it .
Schroeder pondered the question of using the cycler idea on an interstellar level .
All you decelerate at destination would be your payload , while the cycler vessel simply keeps in motion , available for re-use at a much lower cost .
Schroeder likens a cycler to a generation ship in that it is intended to be self sufficient , and imagines using magnetic or plasma sails and particle beam propulsion for acceleration of rendezvous craft and their deceleration upon arrival in the destination system .
A cycler is :
… the way - station for travelers , who embark and disembark at the solar systems it passes .
Since it supplies life support , passengers need only carry supplies necessary for them to make the rendezvous , which would probably take a few months ’ time .
Even more dramatically , a non-living cargo sent to rendezvous with a cycler can be very light .
Instead of accelerating an entire starship , you ’d only accelerate the cargo , plus a wire to form the magsail and some attitude jets to make the rendezvous and docking .
In other words , a cycler rendezvous craft is almost all cargo .
Thrustless Turning Between the Stars
Read Schroeder ’s novel Permanence ( Tor , 2002 ) , for a look at cyclers in the context of a vividly imagined future universe .
Cyclers stay in motion , using a combination of Lorentz - force turning and , if manageable , gravitational slingshot to alter their trajectory to pass by a number of stars before returning to Earth to begin the same journey again .
Each cycler , even at fifty percent of lightspeed , takes a long time to make the rounds , but a network of such cyclers could sustain communications and transport needs for colonists on planets around nearby stars .
The cycler becomes a way station for cargo or travelers who rendezvous with it , ride the cycler to destination , and then use a magsail and particle beam propulsion from the destination system to decelerate once they ’ve left the cycler upon arrival .
This presupposes , of course , the ability to build these resources in the destination system , which Schroeder imagines occurring through a series of cargo drops involving robotic and perhaps nanotech tools to create the needed infrastructure .
How does Lorentz - force turning work ?
Here ’s Schroeder on the subject :
The key to making cyclers work is our ability to use the magnetic fields of the interstellar medium as a way of turning the craft .
In Lorentz Force turning , you unreel several extremely long wires ( tethers ) and give them a high electric charge .
Their interaction with the galactic magnetic field results in a slow , constant course correction for the ship .
Over time , it can be enough to change the trajectory from one star to another …
A Schroeder cycler would use this active interaction with the galactic field to change its course ; hence it is using different principles than an Aldrin cycler , which relies on orbital mechanics and is essentially ( and preferably ) passive .
Is Lorentz - force turning sufficient to manage such a trajectory ?
It ’s possible we might need to use forms of propulsion like ion engines or beamed energy from the systems the cycler passes through to help turn the vehicle , so part of the cargo sent to any cycler might include the necessary fuel .
But the advantages of the cycler are still notable .
In Permanence , Schroeder writes about the ‘ lit ’ stars like our Sun , contrasting them with the much harder to find brown dwarfs , noting that there may be more brown dwarfs than any other spectral type in the galaxy .
Add brown dwarfs into a cycler network and the power question changes as we exploit their magnetic fields .
Schroeder again :
… Jupiter and the sun both display prodigious magnetic fields .
A brown dwarf could be expected to do the same .
This means brown dwarfs can probably supply the kinds of energy required to launch starships ; instead of using solar power , as we might do near Earth , at a brown dwarf we would directly generate electrical power by putting long wires ( tethers , like the Lorentz Force cables ) in orbit around the dwarf .
A wire in a moving magnetic field produces electricity ; in the kind of all - encompassing and intense field a dwarf might have , a lot of current would be produced ; and if you orbited a million wires … again , things scale up nicely .
Growth of an Interstellar Network
What Schroeder imagines is a ring of connected colonies using a network of cyclers to promote commerce and trade , a network encompassing both ‘ lit ’ stars and brown dwarfs .
A new solar system is ‘ seeded ’ with robots programmed to build a particle beam system to decelerate incoming traffic .
While colonization time frames are still large , the development of regular transport into such a system would allow regular cycler visitation and cargo delivery .
A human colony could first be established by settlers leaving a passing cycler on a magsail rendezvous ship , knowing they would be part of the growing interstellar network .
Read Permanence for a look at cyclers in action .
Thrustless turning using the interstellar magnetic field has been discussed in the scientific literature .
Both Robert Forward and P. C. Norem considered Lorentz - force turning of an electrostatically charged spacecraft , and Greg Matloff has studied an approach to electrodynamic thrustless turning involving a partially sheathed superconductor .
For more on that one , see Matloff ’s Deep Space Probes ( Springer , 2005 ) .
The Forward paper is “ Zero Thrust Velocity Vector Control for Interstellar Probes : Lorentz Force Navigation and Circling , ” AIAA Journal 2 ( 1964 ) , pp. 885-889 .
The Norem paper , meanwhile , is “ Interstellar Travel : A Round Trip Propulsion System with Relativistic Velocity Capabilities , ” AAS paper 69 - 388 ( June , 1969 ) .
Cyclers are a fascinating scenario for in - system travel , but driving even stripped - down cargo vessels to a rendezvous at half the speed of light , much less getting the cycler accelerated in the first place , remains a mammoth challenge .
While there are no easy propulsion solutions , a far future society working with cycler principles could indeed create an interstellar network .
All of which leaves those of us in the 21st Century to ponder the continuing conundrum :
How do we push that much mass up to such speeds ?
THE so - called Greek yogurt that has become popular in recent years is neither a special kind of yogurt nor uniquely Greek .
It ’s simply yogurt from which much of the water has been removed , a concoction that in its thickest form can be called yogurt cheese .
You can find yogurt cheese in every country that has a history of yogurt making .
In addition to being thicker and richer when eaten straight , it makes superior spreads and dips .
It can be made at home from ordinary yogurt , and its consistency can be varied : it can be similar to sour cream , crème fraîche , or mayonnaise , for which it ’s a good substitute , or it can be thick enough to cut with a knife .
Producing yogurt cheese is quite simple .
It takes a couple of hours , but your presence is required only for minutes .
All you do is strain some of the water out of yogurt , until it reaches the thickness you want .
For straining , I recommend a colander or coarse strainer lined with a clean cotton dish towel of fairly fine weave , what used to be called flour sack .
( Many recipes suggest the use of cheesecloth , but you ’d have to use about 10 layers for the same results . )
Dump a quart ( or whatever quantity you like ) of yogurt in there , set the colander over a bowl in the refrigerator , twist or tie the top of the towel , and wait .
To speed the process , squeeze every now and then , or do n’t bother .
When the yogurt has reached the consistency of sour cream , twist and squeeze once more and scoop out the yogurt , which will have been reduced in volume by about half .
( I suppose you could save and drink the yogurt - water , or cook with it , but I do n’t . )
Store the thickened yogurt in a covered container and use it within a week or so for best quality .
Only 22 % of Alaskans say they attend religious services at least once a week , making Alaska the least religious state judged by this measure .
In Utah and several Southern states , more than half of those surveyed by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life said they were weekly service attenders .
Along with Alaskans , residents of Colorado , Arizona and Northeastern states were the least likely to attend religious services once a week or more .
When measured against four indices of religiosity — the importance of religion in people ’s lives , frequency of attendance at worship services , frequency of prayer and absolute certainty of belief in God — Mississippi stands out on all four , while several other Southern states also rank very high on the measures .
Click on “ read more ” for the full and interactive graphic .
Read More
" Shoot ! " yells the woman behind me .
" That Toby Enstrom , somebody needs to teach him to shoot the damn puck , " offers her companion .
" If Toby shot more , the powerplay would be less predictable and more likely to score ! " says the conventional wisdom .
" But everybody knows that Toby will just pass .
It 's so obvious ! "
It 's hard to be the person who pops in to suggest that maybe , just maybe , the guy who 's taken himself from an 8th round ( 239th overall ) draft pick to the cornerstone of the Atlanta Thrashers blueline just might know what he 's doing .
Of course , there 's no hard and fast rule for when to shoot the puck and when to maintain possession , but most hockey fans live and die by the Gretzky rule :
You miss 100 % of the shots you never take .
True .
But also terribly misleading .
I 'll try to solve this riddle with stats ... after the jump .
First , let 's set some ground - rules :
We 're only talking powerplay here .
It 's too difficult to filter out all the variables at even - strength .
On the powerplay , we 've got a pretty good idea of what 's going on .
Plus , this is when people whine the most anyway ...
( And I 'm only looking at 5 - on - 4 PP stats . )
Pavel Kubina ,
We 're limiting this discussion to only four defensemen : Tobias Enstrom Ron Hainsey , and Zach Bogosian .
There 's just not enough data for the other guys , including Johnny Oduya
The goal is to show whether shooting more from the blueline on the powerplay helps or hurts the team 's performance .
If you take a look at the basic powerplay stats , you 'll notice a few things .
Enstrom is the most effective at picking up points by far : his 3.24 points / 60 compares quite favorably to Hainsey , Kubina , and Bogosian ( 2.37 , 2.31 , 2.02 respectively . )
He 's second in goals forced / 60 , a measure of how effective the entire unit is .
( Kubina : 5.55 , Enstrom : 5.26 , Bogosian : 4.04 , Hainsey : 2.37 . )
If you take the first measure and divide it by the second , you get points / goal forced , a measure that shows what percentage of the time the player gets a point when the powerplay unit gets a goal .
You could perhaps call this the " participation rate . "
Enstrom sits at 62 % , compared to Kubina at 42 % .
( Hainsey and Bogosian may not have played enough on the PP for this to be a useful stat . )
Perhaps more interesting is the graph you get when you compare the powerplay unit 's shots ( per 60 ) with their goals ( again , per 60 ) .
The operating assumption is that more shots means more goals , right ?
About that ...
As it turns out , more shots seems to mean less goals .
The powerplay unit 's shooting percentage absolutely plummets when Zach Bogosian or Ron Hainsey are on the ice .
It 's quite high when Kubina or Enstrom are out there .
That split is not particularly surprising .
Is n't that the stereotype ?
Europeans shoot less and hold the puck more ?
They 're more crafty ?
( Except a Mister Alexander Ovechkin , of course . )
Remember this next time
Toby passes rather than attempt a shot on an unscreened goalie with a few bodies in the way to block the shot : you may not like it , but he 's effective .
More effective than Human Puck Cannon Ron Hainsey .
( Yes , the point on the graph to the far right is Hainsey . )
You do n't score on 100 % of the shots you do n't take , but you also do n't score when you fire the puck at a penalty - killer 's shin .
Beaver Chew is our Non-Tobacco Mint Snuff Chew made with a blend of Peppermint & Spearmint Flavors .
Great - Tasting herbal chew made of mint instead of tobacco .
Healthy Alternative To Cigarettes and Chewing Tobacco .
As we prepare to elect the MPs who should safeguard our rights , what 10 questions on liberty would you put to party candidates ?
In about eight weeks ' time we will be voting not just for a new government , but a new parliament of representatives , in whose hands will lie the future of our free society .
We want your help to draft a list of questions that can be put to all the candidates of the major parties to establish their credentials , not as party creatures , but as individuals of conscience who will stand for the values of a liberal and democratic society before any other political interest .
The dying parliament is among the worst in the past 100 years – corrupt , lazy , arrogant and dismissive of the public – but it also contained some good MPs who fought the tide of illiberal legislation and who are aware of the direction Britain has taken under Labour 's authoritarian government .
We need many more like them to reassert parliament 's power and to hold the executive to account .
Ten key questions on liberty , rights and democracy is what we want you to be able to ask candidates with a view to getting their pledge of support on the record for all voters to see .
Where support is not forthcoming , that should be made public .
Where do we start ?
At an event last night to celebrate the launch of Keith Ewing 's book , The Bonfire of the Liberties – now the definitive text on Labour government 's attack on liberty and rights – we listened to a young man named Cerie Bullivant talking about his experience of being subject to the restrictions of a control order for two years without having been found guilty of a crime , or being allowed to know the evidence against him .
The system of control orders seems to me one of the worst examples of arbitrary state power in modern Britain .
I would ask – will you condemn house arrest of a person who has not been found guilty of a crime in a normal court of law ?
Are you worried about trade union rights – the right of workers not to be catalogued on secret databases and blacklists , which affect their ability to gain work ?
What about the rights to assembly and free protest without being harassed and photographed by our militarised police ?
Last night we heard from Pennie Quinton and Marc Vallée , who have been prevented by police from carrying out their duties as working photographers .
Their stories are part of an important battle over the control and regulation of public space .
Should we ask all candidates to declare the commitment to the principle that anyone should be allowed to make an image in a public place without being questioned by the police , PCSOs or the numerous varieties of accredited busybodies ?
Each year a very large number of innocent people are stopped and searched by the police who , according to the Equalities and Human Rights Commission report , exhibit obvious racism by picking on black and Asian people .
One question might be , " Do you support a repeal of current legislation which allows police to stop and search hundreds of thousands of innocent people without having reasonable cause ?
And do you condemn the racist bias in stop and search policies , as well as the police national DNA database ?
We should attempt to get the assurance of candidates that they will do everything they can to roll back the database state .
ID cards and government policies to capture all our communications data and all personal details when we travel abroad are being rolled out .
The government is putting pressure on NHS patients to allow their medical records to be uploaded to a database , which many experts believe is innately insecure .
Records of all children in England and Wales are being compulsorily uploaded to the Contact database .
You may feel strongly about these databases or about the Vetting and Barring Scheme , which some see as one of the symbols of a country that is fast losing the reflexive presumption of innocence .
What question would encourage a candidate to explicitly reject the culture of suspicion and mistrust that has grown up in the last 12 years ?
One worry is the way demonstrations are being oppressed by hostile police who have little regard for the right of people to engage in legitimate political protest and do everything in their power to photograph individuals for their secret databases .
Another concern is the use of the Ripa laws and the growth of invasive databases , some of which have no basis in law – the police ANPR surveillance system , for instance , which captures and retains most vehicle journeys in the UK .
Or you may feel that you want to hear more general declarations about candidates ' fundamental political beliefs , principles they are prepared to sign up to and against which their voting record may be measured .
My co-director of the Convention on Modern Liberty , Anthony Barnett , suggests that every candidate is asked to explicitly recognise that the threat to our liberty currently posed by government is greater than that presented by terrorism .
Over to you .
Chances are “ Discovering America ” wo n’t be mistakenly co-opted “ Born In The U.S.A. ” - style by any major political campaigns .
Cursive ’s new post - Mama , I ’m Swollen track , which will be sold as a single with all profits benefiting the Denver - based American Indian College Fun , looks at the poor treatment of that community by the folks “ discovering ” America , the bias of history ( “ America , home of the brave / What the fuck was that supposed to mean ? ” ) , the casual institutionalized racism of “ driving in my Cherokee to see the Redskins scalp the Chiefs , ” etc .
It ’s not very subtle , but then neither was / is the aforementioned .
Cursive – “ Discovering America ”
“ Discovering America ” is out 3/9 ( tomorrow ) via Saddle Creek in various digital locales .
You can get more information about the American Indian College Fun at the organization ’s website .
The band ’s on tour , sometimes in support of the Alkaline Trio , sometimes headlining on their own , and often at the House Of Blues .
03/08 – Clifton Park , NY @ Northern Lights *
03/09 – Hartford , CT @ Webster Theatre *
03/10 – Harrisburg , PA @ The Abbey Bar
03/11 – Philadelphia , PA @ Trocadero *
03/12 – New York , NY @ Nokia Theatre *
03/13 – Sayreville , NJ @ Starland Ballroom *
03/14 – Providence , RI @ Lupo ’s Heartbreak Hotel *
03/16 – Towson , MD @ Recher Theatre *
03/17 – Charlotte , NC @ Amos’ Southend *
03/18 – Charleston , SC @ Music Farm *
03/19 – Atlanta , GA @ Masquerade *
03/20 – Jacksonville , FL @ Freebird Live *
03/22 – Orlando , FL @ House of Blues *
03/23 – FT .
Lauderdale , FL @ Revolution *
03/24 – Tallahassee , FL @ The Moon ( Florida State Univ . )
03/25 – New Orleans , LA @ House Of Blues *
03/26 – Houston , TX @ Warehouse Live *
03/27 – Dallas , TX @ Palladium Ballroom *
03/28 – Austin , TX @ Emo’s *
03/29 – Albuquerque , NM @ Launchpad
03/30 – Tempe , AZ @ The Marquee *
04/01 – San Diego , CA @ House Of Blues *
04/02 – Los Angeles , CA @ House Of Blues ( Sunset Strip ) *
04/03 – Las Vegas , NV @ House Of Blues *
* w/ Alkaline Trio
Mark Hannay , a leading NY health care reform activist , said in an interview the People ’s World this week , “ we need to put the health care fight into a larger context of the fight over change . ”
“ Health care is the wedge issue right now on that whole bigger agenda .
If we can break through on health care then the rest of that change agenda can move , and if we do n’t break through on health care it wo n’t . ”
Hannay ’s organization , Metro NY Health Care for All , is currently working with other groups to plan a public action with that bigger context in mind .
The “ March for Change , ” set to take place in NYC on February 20 , will be an answer from the grassroots to the question of “ what kind of change are we going to see happen in health care , and who ’s going to set the agenda … a similar paradigm extends to climate change , jobs agenda , immigration reform , financial services reform , the whole broad change agenda . ”
To the $ 64,000 question on the minds of so many – can meaningful health care reform pass this year ?
– Hannay said yes , although he cautions that it will be only be a step in a long process .
“ You have these political moments that open up , like now , when we have opportunities to make major advances as a nation , ” he explains .
“ Then we ’ll go through the phase of implementing them , and then at some point another national window will present itself , and we ’ll just keep moving down the field . ”
So what does meaningful mean ?
To Hannay , it has two sides : “ first are the policy issues – how much ground can we gain … can we lay a foundation for a new structure or new options ? ”
The other aspect is the political fight : “ Can we bend , if not break , the inordinate influence of the vested special interests ” over the health care reform process .
“ Simply beating them …would be a victory . ”
The needed policy changes are “ expansions of coverage , steps to make healthcare more affordable , steps to hold the insurance industry accountable . ”
Hannay stressed the importance of amplifying the voices of everyday people .
“ We should be working together to project the public interest voice in this , ” he states , “ to finish up the health care reform fight so that when we have a final bill for the President to sign , there ’s as much public interest reflected in it as we can possibly get . ”
About the idea of “ starting over , ” Hannay says , “ first of all , we would n’t start over on anything really significant for quite a while … and in the meantime , the crisis is going to get a lot worse ; in the meantime , the other side gains the upper hand and political momentum [ which they would use ] to move in a really bad direction … of instituting even more private market hegemony in the health care system . ”
A public health insurance option is important , and although “ it ’s a long shot , that does n’t mean that we stop talking about it . ”
Even if the final bill does not include a public option , there are “ other ways to move forward …
For example , if they allow states flexibility on implementation and in setting up these new exchanges , there may be ways that states can move forward on public option kinds of approaches . ”
Hannay adds that “ this concept of a public option is really in lieu of what all of us would ideally prefer to see happen and that is a fully publicly administered , publicly financed health insurance program at the national or state level . ”
Hannay started working on the health care reform issue in 1991 , “ cutting his teeth ” on the Clinton effort .
He ’s still optimistic , however , that something will get done this year .
“ It ’s just a question of how far they ’re going to go , and how much of an impediment the special interests are going to be , ” he says .
He takes both a long and a wide view : “ Even when you look at countries that have got some sort of national health care programs , they all do it differently ; they range from fully public systems to mixed systems , to more private systems , etc .
And even then , when they get their systems in place , there are always efforts to improve them , make them work better , get rid of the stuff that does n’t work so well .
And also defend them , because there are always efforts to roll them back .
“ And so people should understand that the fight for health care for all is sort of never - ending , and that ’s just the way it ’s going to be . ”
Photo : Mark Hannay , Director of Metro New York Health Care for All Campaign , addresses a press conference on the stairs of New York ’s City Hall to thank the 12 of 13 NYC members of Congress who voted for the House health care reform bill , H.R 3962 , the Affordable Health Care for America Act. ( Elena Mora / PW )
There ’s a 2004 book by Victor Gold called Liberwocky : What Liberals Say and What They Really Mean .
It ’s a tongue - and - cheek ( but not inaccurate ) glossary of buzzwords used and abused by the liberati in all walks of life .
E.g. ,
“ Obscene : Liberal pejorative applied to ‘ outrageous ’ corporate profits ; not , however , applicable to pornographic magazines or motion pictures . ”
I think it ’s time for a sequel .
Consider this piece at the Washington Times about certain climate alarmists scientists hitting back at skeptics in light of the past several months ’
AGW scandals and errors :
Climate scientists plot to fight back at skeptics
Donations to buy ad
By Stephen Dinan Undaunted by a rash of scandals over the science underpinning climate change , top climate researchers are plotting to respond with what one scientist involved said needs to be “ an outlandishly aggressively partisan approach ” to gut the credibility of skeptics .
In private e-mails obtained by The Washington Times , climate scientists at the National Academy of Sciences say they are tired of “ being treated like political pawns ” and need to fight back in kind .
Their strategy includes forming a nonprofit group to organize researchers and use their donations to challenge critics by running a back - page ad in the New York Times .
“ Most of our colleagues do n’t seem to grasp that we ’re not in a gentlepersons ’ debate , we ’re in a street fight against well - funded , merciless enemies who play by entirely different rules , ” Paul R. Ehrlich , a Stanford University researcher , said in one of the e-mails .
Some scientists question the tactic and say they should focus instead on perfecting their science , but the researchers who are organizing the effort say the political battle is eroding confidence in their work .
“ This was an outpouring of angry frustration on the part of normally very staid scientists who said , ‘ God , ca n’t we have a civil dialogue here and discuss the truth without spinning everything , ’ “ said Stephen H. Schneider , a Stanford professor and senior fellow at the Woods Institute for the Environment who was part of the e-mail discussion but wants the scientists to take a slightly different approach .
The scientists have been under siege since late last year when e-mails leaked from a British climate research institute seemed to show top researchers talking about skewing data to push predetermined outcomes .
Meanwhile , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the authoritative body on the matter , has suffered defections of members after it had to retract claims that Himalayan glaciers will melt over the next 25 years .
..
That news has enraged scientists .
Mr. Schneider said Mr. Inhofe is showing “ McCarthyesque ” behavior in the mold of the Cold War-era senator who was accused of stifling political debate through accusations of communism .
“ They ’re not going to win short - term battles playing the game against big - monied interests because they can't beat them , ” he said .
Just from these examples you can see utter sanctimony , the moral and intellectual superiority dripping from these frauds .
Consider at the language they use — which is so typical of the left in any profession :
It is n’t the alarmists but rather the skeptics who lack civil dialogue and are spinning the truth .
It is n’t the alarmists but rather the skeptics who are engaged in a “ street fight ” against “ well - funded , merciless enemies who play by entirely different rules . ”
It is n’t the alarmists but rather the skeptics who are forcing the other side to respond with “ an outlandishly aggressively partisan approach . ”
It is n’t the alarmists but rather the skeptics who are showing “ McCarthyesque ” behavior and stifling political debate through false accusations .
It is n’t the alarmists but rather the skeptics who are concerned with battling unbeatable big - monied interests .
Every one of these charges are absurd , not only because they are wrong , but also because each and every one of them is a perfect characterization of themselves !
In other words , this is a textbook example of projection — one of the two official defense mechanisms of the Democrat Party ( the other is denial ) .
It is the alarmists like Paul Ehrlich ( and I ’ll get to him later ) and Schneider ( 1 ) who do not engage in civil dialogue and spin truths like a spider at her web , ( 2 ) who are well - funded , merciless , and who play by their own rules , ( 3 ) who are already outlandishly and agressively partisan , ( 4 ) who employ McCarthyesque behavior and stifle political debate everywhere from within the IPCC to the T.V. news networks , and ( 5 ) who already are a big - monied interest , to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars of largely taxpayer - funded grants .
I ’d be crying if it were g*ddamned laughable .
Now , being the Washington Times is a right - leaning paper , I ’m willing to give author Stephen Dinan the benefit of the doubt when he describes Paul Ehrlich simply as “ a Stanford University researcher . ”
Because those of us who have been following science alarmists of the past few decades know full well that he is far more than that .
Paul Ehrlich is the quintessential “ Intellectual Moron ” ( as author Daniel Flynn calls it . )
Since he came onto the national scene in 1968 with the book The Population Bomb , he has been wrong on virtually everything has predicted about the future state of the world .
He ’s the Bernie Madoff of science .
If he were a mutual fund investment banker , he would have been fired by his employer , have a bounty on his head by every one of his unfortunate clients , and probably his own jail cell .
Examples ?
Let ’s start with the book itself .
The premise was that at the current growth rate , planet Earth was going to be unsustainably overpopulated over the next couple decades ( i.e. , basically before the end of the 20th century ) .
In this book and / or its second edition in 1971 , Ehlrich purported :
“ The battle to feed humanity is over .
In the 1970s , the world will undergo famines .
Hundreds of millions of people are going to starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now . ”
“ Population will inevitably and completely outstrip whatever small increases in food supplies we make .
The death rate will increase until at least 100 - 200 million people per year will be starving to death during the next ten years . ” “ [ A ] minimum of ten million people , most of them children , will starve to death during each year of the 1970s .
But this is a mere handful compared to the numbers that will be starving before the end of the century . ”
“ By … [ 1975 ] some experts feel that food shortages will have escalated the present level of world hunger and starvation into famines of unbelievable proportions .
Other experts , more optimistic , think the ultimate food - population collision will not occur until the decade of the 1980s . ”
[ By 1984 ] , “ the United States will quite literally be dying of thirst . ”
Bzzzt .
Wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong , and wrong .
In fact , Food production is well ahead of population growth and obesity now kills literally hundreds of thousands of Americans a year .
“ India could n’t possibly feed two hundred million more people by 1980 , ” and “ I have yet to meet anyone familiar with the situation who thinks that India will be self - sufficient in food by 1971 . ”
As Patrick J. Michaels writes :
Obviously Ehrlich was wrong .
India adopted high - yielding “ Green Revolution ” wheat in the early 1970s , followed by similar advances in rice production , at it became a substantial net exporter of food , as it is today .
And , even if there were widespread crop failures , the now - diversified Indian economy would have little problem purchasing food on the international market .
Here ’s a hum dinger :
[ I forecast ] “ a new Ice Age … with rapid and drastic effects on the agricultural productivity of the temperate regions . ”
Bzzzt .
Wrong .
Yes , you read that right : a new Ice Age .
Forty years later the man is now crying “ global warming ! ”
So it was clear by the mid-1980 ’s that Ehrlich was 0 for 7 major claims he made in his book .
Moving on .
In 1969 , Ehrlich stated :
“ Smog disasters ” in 1973 might kill 200,000 people in New York and Los Angeles .
Bzzzt .
Wrong .
The air in both cities has cleaner than it has been in decades .
“ I would take even money that England will not exist in the year 2000 . ”
Bzzzt .
Wrong .
WTF ?
And in 1970 , Ehrlich co-founded Earth Day on April 22 ( coincidentally — wink wink — Vladimir Lenin ’s birthday ) .
At that inaugural event , he stated :
Four billion people — including 65 million Americans — would perish from famine in the 1980s .
“ In ten years [ i.e. , 1980 ] all important animal life in the sea will be extinct .
Large areas of coastline will have to be evacuated because of the stench of dead fish . ”
Bzzzt .
Wrong and wrong .
The 80’s , 90’s and 00’s have come and gone .
It ’s now 2010 and we ’re still waiting for these to happen .
The only thing that stinks is Paul Ehlrich ’s predictions .
Then Erhlich was about to lose money .
In 1976 he claimed :
“ Before 1985 , mankind will enter a genuine age of scarcity … in which the accessible supplies of many key minerals will be facing depletion . ”
Bzzzt .
Wrong .
In fact , this preceded a $ 1,000 bet Ehrlich made in 1980 with economist Julian Simon along the same lines — and lost :
In 1980 Paul Ehrlich , a Stanford scientist and environmental Cassandra who predicted calamitous food shortages by 1990 , accepted a bet with economist Julian Simon .
When Ehrlich predicted the imminent exhaustion of many nonrenewable natural resources , Simon challenged him : Pick a “ basket ” of any five such commodities , and I will wager that in a decade the price of the basket will decline , indicating decreased scarcity .
I appears Ehrlich has no shame .
Ehrlich picked five metals — chrome , copper , nickel , tin and tungsten — that he predicted would become more expensive .
Not only did the price of the basket decline , the price of all five declined .
When that boneheaded prediction did n’t pan out , Ehrlich evidently went over to the other extreme : our friend global warming .
He was on this bandwagon as early as 1989 and as welcomed by a fawning mainstream liberal media .
Brent Bozell recalls :
Go back to 1989 and 1990 .
Instead of NBC ’s Katie Couric handing the microphone over to Al Gore to lament how Manhattan ’s about to go underwater , the same NBC network handed its microphone and camera crew directly to left - wing “ Population Bomb ” author Paul Ehrlich , awarding him large chunks of air time to imagine America losing the nation ’s capital and the entire state of Florida .
[ Sound familiar ? ]
In May of 1989 , Ehrlich claimed , global warming was going to melt the polar ice caps , causing a flood in which “ we could expect to lose all of Florida , Washington D.C. , and the Los Angeles basin ... we ’ll be in rising waters with no ark in sight . ”
Ehrlich did n’t give a time frame , but his panicked report clearly suggested doom around the corner .
[ Sound familiar ? ]
The panic was necessary to sell an extremely harsh “ solution ” of “ enormous , rapid change . ”
Ehrlich commanded that to forestall doom , the world needed to cut its energy use in half over 20 years .
Industrialization needed to be dragged to a screeching halt , not only in America , but especially in the Third World .
Ehrlich felt the next generation of Americans should be denied the Earth - strangling prosperity of their parents , saying the world ’s ecosystems “ cannot support the spread of the American lifestyle to the Third World or even to the next generation of Americans . ”
[ Sound familiar ? ]
Ehrlich was back on NBC in January 1990 to sell his “ inconvenient truth ” line again .
This time , he gave a more concrete timeline .
Antarctica ’s ice sheets were slipping , and then “ we ’ll be facing a sea - level rise not of one to three feet in a century , but of 10 or 20 feet in a much shorter time .
The Supreme Court would be flooded .
You could tie your boat to the Washington Monument .
Storm surges would make the Capitol unusable . ”
[ Sound familiar ? ]
Twenty years later the same crap gets sold to the same incurious and gullible mainstream media .
( But remember , it ’s the skeptics of climate alarmism who are the unintelligent ones . )
Finally , in the early 1980 ’s , evidently concerned with the idea that the reviled Ronald Reagan had the nuclear button at his fingertips , Ehrlich joined equally ideologically radical and environmentally hysterical Carl Sagan peddling the “ nuclear winter ” scare .
The late Michael Crichton , himself an outspoken AGW skeptic , said in a 2003 speech :
[ In 1983 ] five scientists including Richard Turco and Carl Sagan published a paper in Science called “ Nuclear Winter : Global Consequences of Multiple Nuclear Explosions . ”
This was the so - called TTAPS report , which attempted to quantify more rigorously the atmospheric effects , with the added credibility to be gained from an actual computer model of climate .
…
According to Sagan and his coworkers , even a limited 5,000 megaton nuclear exchange would cause a global temperature drop of more than 35 degrees Centigrade , and this change would last for three months .
The greatest volcanic eruptions that we know of changed world temperatures somewhere between 0.5 and 2 degrees Centigrade .
Ice ages changed global temperatures by 10 degrees .
Here we have an estimated change three times greater than any Ice Age .
One might expect it to be the subject of some dispute .
But Sagan and his coworkers were prepared , for nuclear winter was from the outset the subject of a well - orchestrated media campaign .
The first announcement of nuclear winter appeared in an article by Sagan in the Sunday supplement , Parade .
The very next day , a highly - publicized , high - profile conference on the long - term consequences of nuclear war was held in Washington , chaired by Carl Sagan and Paul Ehrlich , the most famous and media - savvy scientists of their generation .
Sagan appeared on the Johnny Carson show 40 times .
Ehrlich was on 25 times .
Following the conference , there were press conferences , meetings with congressmen , and so on .
The formal papers in Science came months later .
This is not the way science is done , it is the way products are sold . …
At the conference in Washington , during the question period , Ehrlich was reminded that after Hiroshima and Nagasaki , scientists were quoted as saying nothing would grow there for 75 years , but in fact melons were growing the next year .
So , he was asked , how accurate were these findings now ?
Ehrlich answered by saying “ I think they are extremely robust .
Scientists may have made statements like that , although I cannot imagine what their basis would have been , even with the state of science at that time , but scientists are always making absurd statements , individually , in various places .
What we are doing here , however , is presenting a consensus of a very large group of scientists … ”
Wow .
Even as far back as 1983 quack ideologues were using notions like “ consensus ” and “ very large group of scientists ” to prove that their crackpot theories were true .
Now we know who You - Know - Who got it from .
Thank goodness the world never had to endure any nuclear warfare to test Sagan ’s theory , but it was clear that it was full of holes .
There are two things more frightening than the dismal track record this “ scientist ” has had his entire career .
First is what his suggestions are for dealing with all the problems humans have caused the planet :
“ Population control is the only answer . ”
“ Obviously , such measures should be coordinated by a powerful government agency .
A federal Bureau of Population and Environment should be set up to determine the optimum population size for the United States and devise measures to establish it . ”
“ [ L] uxury taxes could be placed on layettes , cribs , diapers , diaper services , [ and ] expensive toys ... ” and “ responsibility prizes ” to couples who went at least five years without having children or to men who got vasectomies .
Yes , you read that all right .
Ehrlich also recommended unlimited and free access to abortion , and even demanded that the Pope himself enforce this on the world ’s Catholics , whose reproductive practices was destroying on the planet .
But not all people were equal .
If you were “ rich , ” you were evidently more expendable in Ehrlich ’s eyes .
In 1990 Associated Press article , he asserted that
much too many rich people … ” [ h/t “ ... the problem in the world is that there is … ” [ h/t Yael at Boker Tov , Boulder blog ] .
Ah , now we come to it .
It ’s not just that the planet has too many people , it ’s that we have too many rich people , i.e. , capitalists , i.e. , Americans .
That ’s hard science right there : “ According to my scientific calculations , I have come to the conclusion that the planet has too many rich people . ”
And the lib media eats it up .
You ’d think with a record like this , Ehrlich would be a disgraced former professor whose degrees have been rescinded .
Not hardly .
As Michael Fumento wrote in an Investor ’s Business Daily article back in 1997 :
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , the MacArthur Foundation , Volvo , the Sierra Club , the United Nations and many others have bestowed this false prophet with prestigious and lucrative prizes .
NBC has used him as an expert , and he is still a professor at Stanford .
In one year — 1990 — he published a sequel to “ Bomb ” called “ The Population Explosion , ” received the MacArthur Foundation ’s famous “ genius award ” with a $ 345,000 check , and split a Swedish Royal Academy of Science prize worth $ 120,000 .
Clearly , when Ehrlich claimed the planet had too many rich people , he was exempting himself .
How convenient .
Thirteen years later , in 2010 , this total fraud still holds a position at a major U.S. university and serves as an authoritative media voice in the current man-made global warming climate change scam .
I need about six Tylenols right now .
Now for the second frightening thing about Paul Ehrlich : Guess who co-authored two books and several articles from the 1970 ’s –1990 ’s with this failure with the chilling humans - are - cancer worldview ?
Why , none other than Barack Obama ’s hand - picked science czar John Holdren !
Holdren is also neither a fan of humans nor the American concept of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , having written in his 1977 book Ecoscience :
“ [ P] opulation - control laws , even including laws requiring compulsory abortion , could be sustained under the existing Constitution . ”
Why not ?
It was only four years earlier that five lawyers in black robes “ found ” the right to abortion in the Constitution .
Why should n’t laws enforcing abortions also be found there as well .
And for a year already this monster serves as our president ’s science advisor .
Do you realize how completely and utterly f**ked up that is ?
Welcome to the future , suckers .
P.S. By now , Paul Ehrlich should sound like someone else we know .
Ready ?
Let ’s put it all together :
Wrong on virtually everything he ’s ever predicted or calculated .
Gets lots of money and accolades from left - wing institutions anyway .
Recommends the most draconian , inhumane , and ( in the moral and legal sense ) most un-American measures to stave off the aforementioned incorrect predictions .
Makes several TV appearances and periodical interviews every year .
Has clout and authority among both national and international scientific policymakers .
Add that all up and who do you come up with ?
Did you say Al Gore ?
Then give yourself a lollipop .
You ’re right .
G0d help us all .
Squatters at Tesco site in Stokes Croft are evicted
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Bailiffs have evicted nine of the 10 squatters occupying the site of a planned Tesco Express in Bristol .
Police said four people had been arrested for public order offences .
One man remains on a flat roof above the former Jesters comedy club in Stokes Croft .
His arm is encased in a barrel of concrete .
During the day , a crowd of protesters cheered the squatters from the street .
Seventy police officers were at the scene .
A man who was apparently stuck by superglue to a large metal tripod was removed by bailiffs during the afternoon .
' Local character '
Police closed part of Cheltenham Road and motorists faced delays , but officers hoped to reopen the road by the Tuesday evening rush hour .
The protesters moved into the former Jesters club six weeks ago .
They oppose plans to turn the building into a Tesco Express convenience store .
Bailiffs gather before entering the site of the Tesco store Critics said they did not want the area to lose its local character and feared smaller shops would find their businesses threatened .
But Tesco said evidence showed that opening such a store could bring shoppers back to an area and help local traders .
Robin Markwell from BBC Radio Bristol , who spent several hours outside the building , said campaigners in the street had been shouting support to the squatters on the roof .
There had been one or two minor scuffles involving protesters and police outside .
The atmosphere was " relatively calm " , he said .
Bristol City Council has approved the change of use for the building .
A protest took place at the site in February .
Claire Milne , who represents the group No Tesco in Stokes Croft , told the BBC last month that the area was " a melting pot of independent traders " who may have to close if they are unable to compete with the multi-national company .
Community spirit Bushra Randhawa , a postmaster and resident for 24 years , said last month : " It 's taken a huge effort from local groups , traders and the community to regenerate this area .
" Only now does it feel like a real community spirit is developing .
" This move will take us two steps backwards when we need to take two steps forward . "
As the eviction got under way , a Tesco spokesman said : " We 're keen to invest in the area .
Many local people we 've spoken to tell us they are eager to see a Tesco Express at this site .
" Our store will create approximately 20 new jobs and provide shopping facilities for hundreds of local residents .
" The squatters , who were illegally occupying the building , were asked to leave but refused .
" High Court enforcement officers are removing them from the premises with the support of the police . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On the one hand , you have what many regard as Britain 's most influential daily newspaper ; on the other , a social network with more than 400 million members and global reach .
The Daily Mail and Facebook are at war , with new media accused of failing to protect children - and old media in the dock for shoddy journalism .
The Mail has never been a great fan - " How using Facebook could raise your risk of cancer " was one headline last year - but it was an article on Wednesday that brought relations to a new low .
The network has been having a terrible week in PR terms , following a high - profile murder case with a Facebook connection and its refusal to put the Child Exploitation and Online Protection panic button on its site .
The Mail 's coverage of this story featured a front - page report , an editorial and a big spread which included an article by a child - protection expert Mark Williams - Thomas .
The opening paragraph read :
" Even after 15 years in child protection , I was shocked by what I encountered when I spent just five minutes on Facebook posing as a 14 - year - old girl .
Within 90 seconds , a middle - aged man wanted to perform a sex act in front of me . "
He went on to describe how a series of men approached him and made sexual suggestions , painting a chilling picture of the dangers for teenagers using Facebook .
It has to be said the story never sounded very convincing - unlike some other networks or instant messaging services , Facebook is actually place where it 's rather difficult to conduct random chats .
If you were to set up a profile and just wait for " friends " to arrive , you would be likely to have to wait for days , not minutes .
What 's more , the company says that its privacy settings mean that a 14 - year - old girl could not receive a message from someone unless they were a friend or at least shared a school network .
Facebook says when it contacted Mark Williams - Thomas , he had a rather different story .
He had been contacted by the Mail which had provided him with the material about the fake profile , but he had corrected it to make it clear that it involved not Facebook but another social network .
By late yesterday , the story on the Mail 's website had been amended ; although it still featured a Facebook picture , it included this apology :
" In an earlier version of this article , we wrongly stated that the criminologist had conducted an experiment into social networking sites by posing as a 14 - year - old girl on Facebook with the result that he quickly attracted sexually motivated messages .
In fact he had used a different social networking site for this exercise .
We are happy to set the record straight . "
I contacted Mr Williams - Thomas to check a few facts , and he confirmed that the story had indeed been " ghosted " by a Mail reporter .
He says he got back to the paper with a number of changes before publication , but although they acknowledged receipt of his alterations , they were not acted on .
This morning the newspaper carried a apology on page 4 , quite a rare occurrence for the Daily Mail .
So does the matter end there ?
I 've seen a very strongly - worded letter from Facebook 's lawyers saying their clients are considering what further action to take in relation to the " false and defamatory statements in the article " .
Somehow , though , I get the feeling that after a week of battling Ceop , ministers , and the media over its child protection policy , Facebook may decide that it does not really want to go to war with the Daily Mail .
Update , 1044 12 March :
Well , it seems I might be wrong : Facebook is not stepping back in its battle with the Daily Mail .
Last night the company challenged the paper to name the social network used in the experiment :
" We should all be concerned that their refusal to name the network they did use for the experiment is not helping to expose the real places where people are vulnerable online .
We are in discussions with them and have not ruled out legal action . "
I 've just spoken to the child - protection expert Mark Williams - Thomas , who conducted the experiment , and he says he did not tell the Mail which network was involved , though he made it clear it was n't Facebook .
So why would n't he identify it ?
" It would be irresponsible to name the network , " he told me .
" It would generate the wrong kind of traffic to the site - and could endanger attempts to improve its security . "
Mr Williams - Thomas went on to tell me that he thought Facebook 's security , while not perfect , is among the best of the social networking sites in this regard .
Nicholas Odero , who is a member of one of the sanitation facility management committees in Kibera , says there are about 500 people a day that use the new structure near his home , adding that it benefits many children in the village .
Children are often the most vulnerable to waterborne diseases associated with sewage contamination .
According to UN statistics , a child dies from waterborne diseases , primarily diarrhea , every 20 seconds .
That means nearly 1.5 million children under the age of five die each year because of water pollution and a lack of sanitation infrastructure .
In Soweto East , each kiosk has four to six toilets and a couple of showers .
According to Daniel Adom , chief technical adviser of UN Habitat ’s Water for African Cities Program , each facility receives about 2,000 visitors a day , and generates about $ 600 a month .
The money is used for kiosk operations , maintenance , and security , utility bills , and housing cooperatives .
Adom says that while it 's slowgoing , the project is a success based on the number of toilet visitors , and the fact that kiosks provide 21,000 gallons ( 80,000 liters ) a year of drinking water — which was once illegally siphoned from public pipes .
One more kiosk is slated for construction before the UN hands over the project , in May 2010 , to the Kenyan government , according to Adom .
Kenyan officials said Monday , at a World Water Day event at UNEP headquarters , that they will continue to construct water kiosks and install water tanks in the slums .
Local vs. Global
While Kibera is an extreme example , lack of wastewater treatment is a global issue .
Nearly 80 percent of sewage around the globe is flushed , untreated , directly into lakes , rivers , and oceans , according to the second report released today — Clearing the Waters , a joint effort by UNEP and the California - based Pacific Institute , which specializes in global water issues .
To add to the mix , the world ’s urban slum population is estimated at 1.8 billion and is on the rise .
Beyond better water quality regulation and enforcement , emphasis needs to be placed on education and prevention , said Pacific Institute President Peter Gleick .
The kiosks in Soweto East are a starting point , Gleick said .
They brought in a new road , now lined with prime commercial real estate for food stalls , beauty shops , and other income - generating clapboard and trailer - based businesses .
And most importantly , the road can be used for transporting clean water and sanitation supplies even deeper into the slum .
Gleick says he now thinks it is time for the local government to step up — and that access to water is a human right and it is the government ’s responsibility to provide it .
Not in My Backyard
Untreated wastewater might be considered an issue for the developing world , but the developed world , including the U.S. , is not immune , said Nancy Ross , communications director for the Pacific Institute .
While modern treatment facilities are generally able to remove pathogens from human waste , there is a whole new suite of chemicals to consider .
Traces of antidepressants , birth control , illegal drugs , sunscreen , and insect repellent are just some of the compounds often impervious to treatment .
They have all been found in U.S. drinking supplies .
Kibera used to be Maasai grazing land , teeming with wildlife , according to the UN .
And now it is a textbook example of how the world ’s poor are often left without basic health services .
It is also a key example of how the rivers , streams , wetlands , and coastal areas of poor regions are often left as a depository for human waste and other pollutants associated with cramped city living .
“ If you know what ’s going on [ in the developing world ] , you ca n’t in good faith not be on board [ to find a solution ] , ” Ross said .
Did you hear about the Bangladeshi brick company that beheaded an employee to improve the color of its bricks ?
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/bangladesh/7493874/Bangladeshi-man-beheaded-to-redden-bricks.html
This tragic incident raises many questions .
The article is vague , but I assume a supervisor or some sort of boss was leading this strategy .
So I wonder how the employee was chosen ?
Was he the worst worker , the biggest complainer , or the guy who looked the most like a brick ?
You probably wonder why someone did n’t speak out against this plan when it first came up .
But my guess is that as soon as the beheading topic is on the table , disagreement trails off fast .
That ’s a management technique called “ getting buy - in . ”
I wonder how the boss broke the news to the employee .
Did he work up to it with a list of criticisms about the employee ’s job performance ?
As a boss , you do n’t want to start that sort of conversation with the beheading part .
Begin with something like “ I noticed you ’ve been late twice this week . ”
That way it is n’t such a cruel shock when you get to the decapitation scenario .
I wonder if the boss made any clever puns when he was breaking the news .
I would have started the conversation with something like “ You know how I always said you have a good head on your shoulders ? ”
Or maybe I would have gone with the good - news - bad - news set up .
“ The good news is that you ’ll save a fortune in hats … ”
I wonder what it ’s like to go home after work when you just beheaded a coworker .
Wife : “ Hi , Honey .
How was your day ? ”
Employee : “ The usual .
I swept up some brick debris , then a few of the guys and I beheaded Bob . ”
Wife : “ You WHAT ?? ? ”
Employee : “ Brick debris .
It ’s everywhere . ”
And I wonder how specific the Fortune Teller was when recommending the beheading as a way to fix the bricks .
When I try to follow a recipe in the kitchen , I always run into a part that seems too vague .
If I were involved , I ’d be wondering if I ’m supposed to use the head part or the rest of the body .
Is stirring involved ?
How long is it supposed to simmer ?
I ’d go through half of the marketing department before I got the bricks just the right color .
Too soon ?
Get your money making questions answered by Experts !
It has never been easier to get comprehensive and highly professional replies to your questions .
A large HYIP.com community allows you to get qualified support from several professionals at once .
Do n't pass it up !
Do you have a strong record of investment success ? —
Earn money by answering questions !
The momentum towards HTML5 and away from ( or at least in parallel with ) Flash seems to be accelerating with today 's launch of the free Brightcove Experience framework for HTML5 -- a " way to publish , distribute , and monetize web video for the iPad and other Apple devices " according to the Brightcove press release .
While Brightcove might not be a household name , some of its 1,000 customers , including Time Inc. and The New York Times ( a Brightcove investor ) , certainly are -- both of whom are already using the new HTML5 solution in preparation for the iPad 's April 3rd US launch .
A real coup for the Flash - hating Steve Jobs if you start factoring in the rumored Flash - free NPR and Wall Street Journal iPad sites as well as that little HTML5 iPad test CBS was testing out in the open last week .
Also rumored for launch is an iBookstore filled with 30,000 free e-Books courtesy of the Gutenberg Project .
See the screengrab evidence after the break in addition to a purported video walkthrough of the iPad store .
The video previews several new " HD " formatted iPad apps that we 've already seen as well as a few new ones like Twitterific .
Sorry , still no Hulu HD .
The mouse pointer in the video , however , makes it clear that this is running on desktop somewhere , not on an iPad .
Still , it definitely looks the part .
We cover news for and from visual thinkers , design thinkers and innovators .
Topics range from the neuroscience of visual thinking to innovation , from video in social media to VR / AR , visual storytelling and visual facilitation and education to the hardware and technology that makes it all possible .
Read more on our About Page Get updates via Twitter from @ VizWorld
Got an idea for a story ?
Drop us a line at [ email protected ]
Analysis
The details of Apple 's patent offensive are now public , and it's clear that while HTC is the target , it 's Google 's Android that has got Cupertino so annoyed .
The patents on which Apple is claiming infringement include obvious things such as the use of a gesture to unlock and rotate the screen based on device orientation , but they also cover deeper concepts such as thread - to - thread communication and interactions between an object - orientated GUI and a procedurally developed OS .
The case has been filed in Delaware , and with the US International Trade Commission ( ITC ) ; the latter in the hope of getting a ban on US imports of infringing equipment .
The filings do n't cover the same portfolio : nine patents are referenced in the Delaware filing , while ten different patents are cited in the submission to the ITC .
But if even a few of the patents are upheld , then the way that non-Apple users interact with their phones is going to have to change , with computer users following soon afterwards .
The ITC filing starts out with a page saying how wonderful Apple is - backed up with three later pages explaining what a great American company Apple is - which is contrasted with a single paragraph describing HTC as a manufacturer , importer and seller of mobile communications devices : setting the stage for our plucky American innovator to be ambushed from abroad .
We then get down to the patents , and the attested infringements .
Many of these are software processes , and thus only infringed when someone runs the software .
That ( arguably ) clears Google , even HTC is accused of " inducing the infringement of these patents by end users of their products " , though HTC 's sale of devices loaded with patent - infringing software ( Android ) implicates the company .
The patents themselves cover the use of a proxy object to communicate between threads , enabling an object - orientated GUI to access OS resources even if the OS is n't OO , packaging a media object with a URL of the codec needed to play it back and even detecting a phone number in an email ( or elsewhere ) so the user can tap it to dial .
Some of these patents are pretty old : that last example dates from 1996 and will expire in another six years , while the following only has another four years to run but would seem , at a glance , to cover any event - driving environment at all :
A system in which a software module called an event consumer can indicate an interest in receiving notifications about a specific set of events , and it provides an architecture for efficiently providing notifications to the [ event ] consumer
Given that most of the patents cover processes used by software , one might hope that Europe would be outside their influence , but the experts tell us that this is n't the case : if the patent makes the computer do something it could n't do before , then the patent can be just as valid on this side of the pond .
The Delaware filing is a little more clear - cut : patents covering such things as the use of a gesture ( such as sliding a finger ) to unlock the handset , smooth animations between user screens , stepping down the power on a " digital camera device " and sensing the orientation of the device .
There are some more technical ones covering an OO graphics library and improved signal processing , and all of them are pretty technical in their details .
Pope Benedict has had to deal with sex abuse scandals in various countries The Vatican has denounced attempts to link Pope Benedict XVI to a child abuse scandal in his native Germany .
Spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said there had been " aggressive " efforts to involve the Pope , but added : " It 's clear that these attempts have failed . "
The Holy See 's prosecutor meanwhile said that " to accuse the current Pope of hiding [ cases of abuse ] is false " .
The Pope 's former diocese earlier said he once unwittingly approved housing for a priest accused of child abuse .
The episode dates back to 1980 when he was archbishop of Munich and Freising , and known as Joseph Ratzinger .
However , a former deputy said he - not the future Pope - had made the decision to re-house the priest , who later abused other children and was convicted .
' Defamation ' Father Lombardi told Vatican Radio accusations of a Papal cover - up were " defamatory " .
" There have been those who have tried , with a certain aggressive persistence , in Regensburg and Munich , to look for elements to personally involve the Holy Father in the matter of abuses , " he said .
[ Church secrecy has ] never been understood as a ban on denouncing the crimes to the civil authorities
Monsignor Charles Scicluna Monsignor Charles Scicluna , the Vatican official in charge of prosecuting priests alleged to have committed serious sexual crimes , told L'Avvenire - the Italian Bishops Conference newspaper - that accusations that the pontiff had helped cover up abuse were " false and calumnious " .
He added that the future Pope " showed wisdom and firmness " in handling cases of abuse when he was head of the department in charge of Church discipline , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , for four years before becoming Pope .
But Monsignor Scicluna admitted that since 2001 , about 3,000 accusations of abuse by priests of minors had been received by Vatican officials .
They involved both diocesan and religious priests and regarded acts committed over the last 50 years .
" We can say that about 60 % of the cases chiefly involved sexual attraction towards adolescents of the same sex , another 30 % involved heterosexual relations , " he said .
" The remaining 10 % were cases of paedophilia in the true sense of the term ; that is , based on sexual attraction towards prepubescent children . "
He said that 60 % of the cases had not come to trial , largely because of the advanced age of the accused , but that they faced other " administrative and disciplinary provisions " , including being required to live in seclusion and prohibition from celebrating Mass .
" It 's true that there has been no formal condemnation , " Monsignor Scicluna said , adding : " It must be made absolutely clear that in these cases , some of which are particularly sensational and have caught the attention of the media , no absolution has taken place . "
He also addressed accusations that the Vatican was obstructing justice by hiding reports of abuse , saying that " secrecy during the investigative phase served to protect the good name of all the people involved ; first and foremost , the victims themselves , then the accused priests who have the right  as everyone does  to the presumption of innocence until proven guilty " .
But he said Church secrecy had " never been understood as a ban on denouncing the crimes to the civil authorities " .
' Therapy '
Following a report in the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper , the diocese of Munich and Freising confirmed earlier this week that then - Archbishop Ratzinger had let the priest , known only as H , stay at a vicarage in Munich for " therapy " .
The repeated employment of H in priestly spiritual duties was a bad mistake
Gerhard Gruber , former vicar - general in Munich and Freising H had been suspected of forcing an 11 - year - old boy to perform a sex act upon him in the northern city of Essen .
While he was in Munich , between February 1980 and August 1982 , no wrongdoing was reported .
He was then transferred to the town of Grafing , where he was relieved of his duties in 1985 after allegations of child sex abuse , the diocese said .
In 1986 , he was given an 18 - month suspended jail sentence and a fine for sexually abusing minors , details of which were not given by the diocese .
Archbishop Ratzinger 's former deputy , Gerhard Gruber , has taken responsibility for initially allowing H to remain within the Church , saying this had been " a bad mistake " .
Speaking to the Associated Press , he added that there had been about 1,000 priests in the diocese at the time and that the archbishop " could not deal with everything " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Captain Pyke | March 2 , 2010 - 10:06 pm
William " The Shat " Shatner is being honored at the Banff World Television Festival with their lifetime achievement award .
We assume the award is meant to honor his ability to create an adhoc cannon and mortally wound a gorn with it .
The Banff World Television Festival is the world 's premiere television content creation event and annual forum for business and creative opportunities for those in television and new media .
The Festival will take place June 13 - 16 , 2010 at the Fairmont Banff Springs Hotel in the Canadian Rockies .
For the first time , the festival will run concurrently with nextMEDIA Banff , bringing together the television and digital media communities for a truly unique cross- platform event , offering networking , seminars , keynote speeches and pitching opportunities that reflect the growing convergence of television and digital media .
The Festival combines a prestigious international program competition , the Banff World Television Awards , with a comprehensive conference agenda .
It is a marketplace of ideas , generating co-production deals , enabling new business relationships and bringing to light future trends of the industry .
As well as honouring excellence in international television , the Festival provides a global platform for industry members to network , discuss , debate , and explore current issues and challenges .
“ William Shatner is one of the most celebrated pop-culture icons in the 21st century and we are delighted to be honouring his career achievements at Banff , ” said festival executive director Peter Vamos .
“ His ability to keep pace with the times , leverage the latest industry and technology trends , and inject humour every step of the way have been the keys to an unbelievably successful , decades - long career .
To stay on top throughout it all , particularly in such a tough , evolving industry , is truly inspiring . ”
For more info check out banff2010.com
Tony : So I ’m here today with John Donaldson , International Master and captain for the American team at the World Team Championship .
Thanks for joining me today , John .
John :
Thank you , Tony .
Tony : Can you tell me a little bit about yourself just to start ?
You know , where you ’re from and what you do .
John : Well , I first started playing in 1972 .
Like many people from my generation , it was the Fischer - Spassky match that got me interested .
I was living in Tacoma , Washington , and I had just turned 14 years old .
Seems kind of a little old by today ’s standards , but I had some friends that were playing and we saw there was an announcement in the paper for the Tacoma club and we went down there .
In retrospect , I think I was very fortunate .
I made a lot of friends -- friends that I continue to have even now after all these years .
And the Tacoma club just had a really warm and inviting atmosphere and I really enjoyed it .
And so that ’s how I started playing .
I played throughout the northwest my first couple years .
And the player that all of us sort of aspired to beat was Yasser Seirawan .
None of us were really too successful at doing that , but a couple of us , like my friend Eric Tangborn and I , became International Masters .
So it was pretty good for an area that did n’t really have any real tradition of strong players before that .
[imagefield_assist|fid=1822|preset=fullsize|lightbox=true|title=Yury
Schulman , John Donaldson , Hikaru Nakamura , Varuzhan Akobian , Robert Hess , Ray Robson and Alexander Onischuk at the opening .|desc=|link=none|align=right|width=403|height=268 ]
I graduated from the University of Washington and shortly before graduating , about a year before I finished , I decided I would try to become a professional player .
Or chess professional might be a better way to describe it , because I never really supported myself from prize winnings from tournaments .
It ’s been sort of a combination of writing and teaching and working for chess magazines , and also my last job for the last 11 years , since October of 1998 , I ’ve worked for the Mechanics ' Institute Chess Club in San Francisco , so I consider myself pretty fortunate .
Tony :
So you said you graduated from the University of Washington .
What was your degree ?
John :
In history .
Tony :
In history .
And ... you said a year prior to graduating that you wanted to become a chess professional ?
John : I did because at a certain point I was in the school of education and my idea was to be a high school teacher , and then I discovered that every summer I was going off to play in Europe and that I really enjoyed it , and so I just decided that the last year that I might as well just take history classes and then try to visit the places that I had studied .
Tony : Very nice .
Did you intend on becoming a Grandmaster or were you even trying to become an IM ?
John :
By that point I was working for Player ’s Chess News , and I was doing some coaching , and I did n’t really go to Europe very often and , you know , it ’s hard to say .
My peak USA rating was 2601 and that was in 1990 .
And that just about put me in the U.S. Championship then .
But of course , in 1990 American chess was nowhere near as strong as it is now .
I mean a lot of very fine players immigrated to the country in the early 1990s and that kind of changed the whole dynamic there .
I have two Grandmaster norms , but they ’re relatively recent .
One was in Lindsborg .
It was in 2002 or 2003 , and then I made another one six months later in Stratton Mountain , Vermont , in a tournament that Bill Goichberg organized .
And so my FIDE rating then was around 2470 .
So it would have been smart to concentrate all my energies and try to make the last norm .
But a lot of different things came up and I kind of got distracted .
And then I did n’t play very much for several years and then when I started playing , just sort of infrequently , it was with increasingly depressing results ...
I have n’t given up hope but you know , it would have been a lot better if I had just concentrated on finishing the job .
[imagefield_assist|fid=1750|preset=fullsize|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=left|width=375|height=250]
Tony :
So you ’re known within U.S. circles for your representation to FIDE on behalf of the United States .
How did you start with that role with FIDE ?
John :
Well , actually I ’ve never had a long relationship with the USCF in representing FIDE .
The job I took was as zonal president , and I took it when Robert Tanner retired .
That was about 2006 ... and I kept the position until maybe a year and a half , two years .
The only actual FIDE event that I represented us at was the Dresden Olympiad , and I accepted that position as zonal president under very specific parameters .
That it would be like a technical position , that my job would be to make sure that players that where playing for titles would receive the titles that they were due , that our players would learn about when FIDE events were going to be held in a timely fashion .
And that it would n’t be anything beyond that .
So one of the things I was happy I could do was assist in getting our players to go to China for this series of mind sports Olympiad they had , which was like blitz and rapid games and stuff like that .
Because all too often the United States does n’t have a lot of representation in FIDE events , and I thought it was important that we should , both to give our players a chance and also because we are a part of the chess community .
Tony :
And did you find that work satisfying ?
John : I did find that part of it quite satisfying .
I did go to one qualification committee ( QC ) meeting , and I have a lot of respect for the person that is head of the QC , Mikko Markkula of Finland , because he ’s facing a lot of difficult challenges .
He ’s pretty much depending on the federations to police themselves , and they do n’t always do [ that ] .
Just to give you a couple examples , there ’s a player Afromeev from Russia ; he ’s about 2650 .
He ’s not a Grandmaster because he would n’t dare apply for the title because the guy is probably a low master at best .
He is the one that said he would make his dog an International Master if he wanted to .
[ imagefield_assist|fid=1823|preset=fullsize|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=right|width=403|height=268 ]
So , you know , there ’s [ also ] that guy Crisan from Romania that is over 2600 , and he played in one Grandmaster tournament and scored one out of ...
I think he scored a half out of nine .
And he could n’t draw with a Philidor rook - and - pawn endgame , something you would expect an expert to know how to do .
For Grandmasters , it 's nothing to even think about ... there ’s quite a few examples like this where there 's really flagrant violations ... at that meeting there was a player from Canada , Valerian Adam , and he was 65 years old and he played in Canada for 30 years and his highest rating was about 2300 .
And then all of a sudden he plays in like four or five tournaments .
Bing , bing , he makes several IM norms in a row .
His international rating is like 2420 and ... there 's really not much that Mikko can do if the federations sign off on it .
Unless there ’s like a smoking gun , he ’s kind of helpless .
So that was kind of depressing in a way .
Also , I mean , FIDE is probably like a lot of international organizations .
There ’s just , you know , a lot of stuff going on .
Tony :
All right , well , on to other subjects .
I guess I will ask you a little about U.S. chess in general .
What advantages , and I guess disadvantages , do you see with the current situation of chess in the United States , and where do you see it headed ?
John :
Well , I see some real positive things .
First off , what you guys are doing in Saint Louis is fantastic .
Tony : Thank You .
John : I mean , organizing these U.S. Championships , organizing these Women ’s U.S. Championships ... the World Team Championship .
I mean , it ’s really , really important .
And it would really be kind of sad that at a time now when we have more young American talent and native born talent coming up .
It would be pretty painful if we did n’t give them opportunities to show their skills and develop them further .
So I ’m very grateful for what ’s going on in Saint Louis .
I ’m also very impressed by Greg Shahade .
He basically , from the ground up , built this U.S. Chess League .
He also has this U.S. Chess School where a lot of youngsters from around the country that did n’t have opportunities to work with top players have been granted this privilege , and it's has been good for the top players to be able to have a chance to give back their knowledge .
So it ’s a real win -win situation .
So I have been very pleased with both of these developments .
There ’s a lot more opportunities for youngsters to make , and older players , to have chances to make international title results .
You can think of Chris Bird in New England , you can think of Danny Rensch in Arizona , there 's Jon Haskel down in Florida , the Marshall Chess Club has organized several tournaments .
It used to be that you had to play in Europe .
When I made my IM norms , the only opportunity to do it in the United States was Lone Pine .
And so I got to play one year , it was in 1980 or ' 81 , I played like seven GMs in nine rounds .
It was quite good .
But the rest of my norms , I made one in Lugano and I made another one in Switzerland .
I made another one in Greece .
Pretty much all the international tournaments , you know , that ’s where you had to go if you wanted to make norms .
Tony :
So how difficult is it today , for a U.S. player to receive an international title ?[imagefield_assist|fid=1769|preset=frontpage_200x200|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=left|width=200|height=200 ]
John :
Oh , it ’s much simpler .
It ’s much , much easier .
I mean , there ’s no real comparison .
In addition to these organizers I ’ve mentioned also , Susan Polgar has her Spice Cup Tournaments .
There ’s also University of Texas at Dallas holding another event .
So there ’s actually quite a few events going on .
And there ’s also several Canadian organizers , especially in Alberta .
So , it 's definitely a much better situation than it was 10 years ago , much less 20 or 30 .
I think that ’s not really the major difficulty that American chess faces right now .
The principle problem we have is that the U.S. Chess Federation has had a lot of tough times for quite awhile .
When I joined , of course in ' 72 that was at the height of the Fischer - Spassky boom , and the federation 's financial situation probably has you know , never been as good as that .
But it was quite good .
And then when Fischer did n’t defend his title a lot of those members turned out to be , somewhat ...
Tony : Kind of fairweather fans ?
John : Fairweather fans , and they were gone .
But then things got better again .
I was on the USCF executive board from 1990 to ' 93 .
And at that time the federation was actually in a very good financial situation .
But two things changed there .
One was that their book and equipment sales , which were bringing in a couple million dollars a year , became compromised .
It was partly because of the Internet .
It was also ... because they were selling a lot of dedicated chess computers at a time when there was n’t software that could play strong .
And so they could sell those machines for like $ 500 to $ 1,000 , and there was a big markup .
So it was free money more or less .
So the federation did pretty well .
It might not have been as lean and mean as it could have been , but there was enough fat around it that it was quite okay .
And then I think the situation got that they did n’t really see what was happening with the Internet .
And in retrospect , there were probably a lot of businesses that did n’t see what was going to happen .
The result was that not only did they not make the sort of money that they wanted to make from book and equipment sales , they were actually losing some , when you consider their staff and the cost of their building and stuff like that .
So all that was quite sad .
But there were also a lot of self - inflicted wounds as well .
I can think of a couple cases where they had lawsuits .
There was one where there was an executive director that was n’t there for too long , and some of the policy board members sort of spoke on the record when they should n’t have been .
And they said things that basically enabled the guy to seek compensation and receive good compensation .
So , things had gotten progressively more difficult .
They had to sell their building in New York that they had paid off .
It was kind of like their rock .
And then they moved to Tennessee .
And they ’re doing what they can , but it ’s very difficult .
This recent lawsuit was extremely ill timed .
The federation was n’t in the position to have to deal with it .
It ’s still not resolved so probably better to not say too much about it , but as I understand it the legal costs are over half - a- million dollars .
And that probably represents probably more than half of what the federation had in liquid assets .
So , it ’s quite sad .
It is kind of odd because , I do n’t know if odd is the right word , it ’s just that there ’s this strange sort of juxtaposition .
On the one hand you have more good players playing in the United States than ever before .
We have Hikaru Nakamura .
We ’ve never had , with the exception of Gata [ Kamsky ] , well , and [ Bobby ]
Fischer , we ’ve never had a 2700 player .
And you know , in an ideal world , we would have a series of tournaments for him and the other elite players playing in the United States , but that does n’t really materialize , so he pretty much has to play exclusively in Europe except for the U.S. Championship .
[ imagefield_assist|fid=1825|preset=fullsize|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=right|width=403|height=268 ]
Tony :
Well it ’s really interesting , though , I ’ve noticed that a lot of the top players in the U.S. are not native - born Americans .
Why do you think that is , and is that something that you anticipate improving ?
Do you think there will be more U.S. - born chess players that become very strong ?
John :
Well , of course the key question is to become a very strong player , you know , you ’re not going to just do it in a couple years .
The younger you are when you get stronger , the more time you have to develop before the critical moment comes .
Which is basically [ when ] you are about to enter college or you ’ve graduated from college and , now what are you going to do ?
And , of course in the United States there ’s a lot of people that earn a living from teaching ... supplemented by playing and writing .
There are very few that earn it just playing .
Perhaps Hikaru and Gata are the only ones on that respect .
So it ’s a question of are they willing to make it a profession .
That ’s what it really comes down to .
And if you look at the situation , we ’ve lost some very promising players along the way .
In the 1980s and 1990s the U.S. Olympiad came to almost essentially very similar players throughout .
There were some players in the '90s , composition changed because players came from Europe , from former Soviet Union but for the first part they were the Benjamins , the DeFirmians , the Seirawans the Christiansen 's , and later the Yermos and the Kaidanovs , and the Shabalovs ...
But the players that would have been the natural ones to kind of finally push them out of the way as they got older , because these guys are still playing in their 40s , were players like Ilya Gurevich , who was a World Junior Champion ... who was 2600 FIDE back 20 years ago practically when there were not so many players over 2600 , and he did that when he was still , if not in his teens in his early 20s .
Patrick Wolff won several U.S. Championships and he stopped playing .
Both those guys actually did play for the U.S. once in a match against Armenia .
But they never actually played for the national team in an Olympiad .
Tony :
So it seems like it ’s kind of difficult to support oneself or one 's family through chess alone , whether that be in tournaments like you said or even in writing or doing lessons and things like that .
How difficult is it ?
John :
It , of course , always depends on : What do you consider a living ?
Are you talking about making a 100,000 a year ?
75 , 50 , or 25,000 a year , because in Europe , in places like the Czech Republic or similar countries like that , which are you know western Europe but do n’t have the high standard of living ... just that guaranteed money right there might be enough to live on .
But in the U.S. , if you live in New York , $ 25,000 is n’t gonna do it .
And of course if you have a wife and if you have children then you know , you ’ve got a bigger nut you ’ve got to cover .
So , what I can say is that before the match in 1972 , Fischer was probably the only chess professional in the United States .
Even Reshevsky had to work for some insurance company or some accounting job or what have you .
And that ’s why , in fact , the American Chess Foundation was funded ... in part to allow him to play and compete for the world title and not lose money in the process , if you will .
After that , the ' 72 match changed things a lot ...
I would say now the money that people earn from writing is n’t huge , but there ’s so many more opportunities to earn money here and there .
Chess players seem to be pretty well diversified .
So you could be a Joel Benjamin or you could teach , both in schools [ and ] individuals , you could also be doing commentary work on the ICC , you could also be writing articles for Chess Life .
There ’s a whole variety of activities you could do .
And together , they make things right .
But having said that ... if your goal is to make big money , unless you become an elite player , it is n’t a very likely scenario .
You know , you could also be like an administrator of a scholastic program overseeing a huge enterprise .
There ’s those people like Sunil [ Weeramantry ] and Shernaz Kennedy that have programs like that and they probably do quite well as well .
In th e Bay area we have Elizabeth Shaughnessy that does that .
But I do n’t think that ’s why people , strong players get into chess .
I mean , they obviously want to play .
[imagefield_assist|fid=1770|preset=fullsize|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=left|width=341|height=512]Tony :
Well it seems like they are kind of torn .
The brilliant minds that make up the very strong chess players could apply their talents to another field where they make significantly more money or they can do what they love and play chess and make less money at it .
It seems like a very difficult decision to have to make .
John : Right .
I remember Peter Biyiasas once told me that he would only take a job if he earned twice as much as he earned from chess or more .
And the feeling for him was that the travel , you know , choosing his own hours , being his own boss all of that .
Tony : Doing what you love .
John : Yes .
But he did eventually find that job working for IBM .
And he was gone , so go figure .
Tony :
Well kind of along those same lines it seems like chess in the U.S. is supported by one of two financial sources .
One being amateur chess players , you know , paying their entry fees in tournaments , buying lessons with the stronger chess players , but the second is mostly benefactors .
You have wealthy individuals who decide that their passion for chess is enough that they want to give back and support the chess community .
But you do n’t see a whole lot of commercial support or sponsorship in the U.S .
John :
No , I think you have hit it .
You explained it just correctly .
What we have in this country are patrons .
We do n’t have sponsors .
And if you look at that , that has a long tradition .
There was Professor Rice in the early part of 1900s .
Marshall had Thomas Emery .
The American Chess Foundation basically were supporters of Reshevsky in the mid-50s .
Always it was his patron model .
...
More recently we had America ’s foundation for chess , the Berry Brothers and now we have your organization and Mr. Sinquefield .
And that seems to be the situation up to this point has worked best -- that you find individuals that really love chess and would like to give something back to the game .
And you know , that ’s pretty much the model .
In Europe it ’s a different situation .
It depends on the country but many places , like for example in Holland , they have a famous tournament every year , the Corus Tournament .
[ It ] used to be the former Hoogovens Tournament .
It was run by a steel company .
They get a lot of publicity in the Netherlands .
They have a lot of chess columns in all the newspapers .
They want to be seen as a company that gives something back to the community , and chess is really popular there .
It ’s really in the public eye .
I ’m afraid in the Unites States that , while there ’s a lot of interest in chess and a lot of youngsters playing , it does n’t occupy the same place in society that it does in Europe .
And [ it may be ] that ’s because there are more things that fight for leisure time and interest in the U.S. ...
But having said that , you look at the United States now and there are so many more children playing than ever before .
And you know you see Harris polls stating that 40 or 50 million Americans know the rules to the game .
So , people definitely know something about the game .
One thing that really has changed a lot though in the last 30 years , which I have mixed feelings about , is that ... a lot more of the contact is via the Internet , rather than face - to - face .
In some ways that has been really good .
If you lived in isolated areas where there was no club , all of a sudden you had this great , wonderful Internet community .
But having said that , I still think of the club I belonged to in Tacoma and all the personal friendships and sense of camaraderie .
Because at the end of the day , there are only a few players in the world that will become world class players .
For most of us , the reasons we play are [ that ] we enjoy playing the game and the friendships that we make and that sort of thing .
To that extent I see fewer and fewer clubs in the United States that meet .
Part of that is there are just more things competing for people ’s attention than there was 30 years ago .
But still , I miss that aspect .
Tony :
Where do you see chess in the United States over the next 10 years ?
Do you think there will be more clubs ?
Do you think there will be more resurgence as chess is spotlighted more and more ?
Or do you think we will continue this trend ?
John :
Well , one thing that could be a positive benefit for us already is Magnus Carlson .
He has been in Time magazine twice within the last month .
There ’s a big article on him in one of the last issues .
It ’s a lot easier to market a western European champion , righty or wrongly .
Tony :
There ’s an American bias ?
[ imagefield_assist|fid=1826|preset=fullsize|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=right|width=402|height=603 ]
John :
Yes , there is .
Also I think Hikaru is coming up through the ranks very quickly .
He is also not only a very strong player but he has a very attractive and crowd - pleasing style .
So , I ’m hoping ... the last time chess was really in the public eye was with Bobby Fischer .
You are not going to be able to recreate all the various factors that contributed to that , the Cold War , Fischer ’s eccentricities , his story he brought to bear .
All those things were kind of unique .
I think that even if Hikaru was playing for the World Championship , you would n’t have that quite ... but you ’d still have a lot more than we do know .
Tony :
So , part of the reason we are sitting here today is because you ’re the captain for the U.S. team at the World Team Championship .
And that ’s actually happening right now in the middle of round three .
How did you come to coach the U.S. team ?
John :
Well , it ’s kind of a funny story .
The United States has competed in Olympiad since the very beginning , since the late 1920s early ' 30s .
They had a terrific run during the 1930s .
So the Union was n’t playing but still they won a huge number of events .
After the second World War in the early 1950s , the United States started competing again .
Sometimes with great successes , other times without .
Fischer led them to silver medals in 1960 and ' 66 .
By 1974 , the U.S. started to pick up and started performing better than they ever had in some of the other Olympiads .
From ' 74 up to the present , the U.S. , usually never rated in the top three or four teams . , has consistently performed excellently .
We ’ve won bronze medals .
I ’d have to add up the tally .
Just my own situation being captain since ' 86 , 10 times in world teams and Olympiads , I ’ve gotten 17 medals .
So , definitely American teams have been very , very successful .
I think one of the reasons why it ’s enjoyed this success , for the most part , American teams have had very good spirit .
They get along well .
Even if they may be competitors away from the event , they really come together .
They share analysis .
They support each other .
Chess is an individual game but in these team events there ’s definitely a chemistry issue that ’s critical .
The American teams have generally done really well in this regard .
Tony :
Along those lines , how do you encourage the U.S. team along that path to maintain that closeness and that sense of camaraderie ?
John :
Well , I do n’t think you can force it .
I think one of the things that have really been helpful is that the people on the teams have genuinely been very nice people .
This is the third time I ’ve been involved with Yury and Alex . ... I ’ve known Hikaru for quite awhile .
We went to Bolivia for the Pan - American Championship back in early 2000s .
Ray and Robert I ’ve actually never met before this event .
It ’s kind of funny because I follow their careers quite closely but had actually never met them before .
I ’m missing someone -- Var [ Varuzhan Akobian ] .
Var I ’ve known from the last two Olympiad events as well .
I had known him from playing tournaments in California .
But to return to the question , how did I get this job .
One other thing besides the good chemistry of the team that I think is very important .
Is that I think it ’s important that the players select the captain that they choose .
That it ’s not imposed on them from above if you will .
And the U.S. Chess Federation has used different methods to select captains and their teams over the years .
And I think that they pretty much have gotten it right for quite some time .
First , you choose the players with some sort of objective criteria that is very transparent .
I mean , ideally you want to see a formula so that somebody can just go online , they can go to the USCF MSA and they can just do calculations .
Anybody can do the calculations and figure out who is playing on the team .
I think that ’s the way you want to have it in a country like the United States ; it ’s really a large country with a Democratic tradition .
You do n’t want to have some sort of committee .
It just creates a lot of ill will .
Tony :
It ’s a very capitalistic view , you know .
The harder you work and the better you perform the more you are rewarded by being able to go to events like this and represent the United States .
John : Yeah , so it ’s very clear .
But now how to choose a captain ?
In the past ... they basically select who they want to have as captain .
That could work really well sometimes , but other times it did n’t work so well ; it caused some friction .
So , I remember it was in 1986 .
They were having the U.S. Championship , and it was in Estes Park , Colorado , in Rocky Mountain National Park .
It was in the Stanley Hotel , in the place that Stephen King wrote The Shining .
...
But the thing was , in 1986 the Olympiad location was very contentious .
It was going to be in the Middle East for the first time .
It was going to be in Dubai .
The Israelis who had , many countries had been told they were going to be able to play , learned that they were not going to be able to play .
So a lot of players from different countries boycotted the event .
Like I think Joel Benjamin did n’t play , I think maybe Lev Albert did n’t play .
One night I was going to dinner with Lubosh Kavalek and Yasser Seirawan , and in the middle of dinner , Yasser and Lubosh asked me , " John , how would you like to go to Dubai ? "
I had a look of horror on my face because I was thinking , and Lubosh caught me and he said , " I know what you are thinking .
Do n’t worry , we ’re not that desperate . "
Which was , that so many people declined .
They must have gone through 30 players .
And now here they are saying , " Donaldson , we need you to play . "
But that was n’t the case at all ; they wanted me to be the captain for the team .
And so I asked them you know , what sort of duties that would entail .
It seemed like I could be helpful in that regard , so I signed on .
And I remember the first thing I did ; this was in the day before Chessbase , there was a publication called Tournament Chess .
They published these bulletins of all the games from these important Grandmaster tournaments .
And so what I had to do , I spent about 10 hours , and Mr. Normally , who was the owner of the Stanley Park Hotel , he very kindly gave me one of his Xerox machines , which I practically destroyed by just photocopying nonstop .
I had to copy every page of every book twice .
Because for one team the player was white and the other the player was black .
I had these huge reams of paper everywhere .
And for several days I had to cut them and then paste them on to these sheets .
And then we went to the Olympiad , and it was very useful .
... I was a captain from ' 86 to ' 96 .
Two world teams in ' 93 and ' 97 .
And then the players decided there would be another person that could do the job better than I .
And they were quite right .
Larry Christensen got the job in 1998 and they won the silver medal , so it was really quite good .
They had chances to win the gold medal .
But by the time of the Olympiad in 2006 , the championship earlier that year , Gata Kamsky and Hikaru came to me and asked me if I would be willing to be the captain again .
The composition of the team had changed quite a bit , and I said to them that I would be honored to .
It worked out very well the last two ... with a bronze in both
[imagefield_assist|fid=1772|preset=frontpage_200x200|lightbox=true|title=|desc=|link=none|align=left|width=200|height=200]
Tony :
So since you ’ve got a little bit of experience now with the players , [ is ] there any special preparation off the board or routines or other activities that you do with the team to help their chances or help them play better chess ?
John :
Well , one thing I think pretty much all the teams have always enjoyed is going for walks together and sort of seeing the places that we are visiting .
Because there is n’t really much time to do that , we are here to play chess ; we are n’t here to be tourists .
But still , you like to have some impression of what ’s around you .
It ’s good to get out and get some fresh air and what have you .
Different events , different situations in what is available .
Here the team usually plays a little bit of pool , and foosball in particular is a big favorite .
Yury Shulman , if any of the people listening to this interview have a chance to see him at the Olympiad , will notice that he has some Band - Aids on his hand and they might think that he must have got involved [ in a fight ] ...
Tony : A splinter from a pawn or something , right ?
John :
Or perhaps he was out defending the team 's honor with some local turf .
But , in fact , these are foosball - incurred injuries .
Yury is known as the central defender .
He is a passionate foosball player who does n’t like to lose .
He does n’t take prisoners .
Tony :
Since you mentioned the team , they are probably one of the strongest teams the U.S. has had -- at least in recent history .
Yet they are still about middle of the pack rating wise in this event .
They are having a fantastic tournament , and they have won both of the first two matches , three to one in both cases , so how do think their outlook is given their very strong start in this event ?
John :
Well , one thing you pointed out is that the United States has never ever been a favorite right from the start .
It ’s not ever been seeded in the top three ...
It ’s always been a situation even in the 80s and the 90s , always the American team has performed above expectation .
And I am confident , you know , knock on wood , that we are going to pull that off again .
I think if we play to our full potential that a bronze medals is a real goal for us .
We are missing Gata here , who would have loved to play for the team , but his event , the dates had changed at least once already and he had committed to play in Reggio Emilia .
So he was n’t available for us .
I still really ike the chemistry of our team and I think everyone is working well together .
I think it ’s very exciting that as recently as 2002 , the average age of the team was early 40s , and now the average age of the team is closer to 20 than 30 , I think it ’s like 23 .
So that ’s really a good thing .
International chess has really changed .
I think the only player I can see in this tournament that is over 40 is perhaps Gelfand , maybe one of the Egyptians possibly .
Maybe Milos from Brazil .
But there are just a few players .
But we should ask Ray [ Robson ] , because he will know for sure the answer .
That ’s one other thing we do often times in the evenings we have a little chess trivia .
I ’m impressed that some of our younger players , they not only know how to play chess well , but they know our chess history very well .
Tony :
Those that do n’t know history are bound to repeat it .
It seems that Russia , which was the highest rated team coming into the event .
Maybe they are not playing in top form .
They had a very narrow victory over Brazil and then a surprising loss to Greece in round two .
Do you think that is indicative of their form for the entire event and do you think that improves the U.S. team 's chances ?
John :
Well , first off the thing is an event like this , unlike the Olympiad , there really is no weak teams .
If you look at the Brazilian team they defeated in the first round , that team had an average rating over 2600 as did the Greeks .
I can recall when I first took the job as U.S. Captain back in ' 86 after the first 10 or 12 teams there was a big drop off in strength .
There were teams in the top half of the cross table that did n’t even have IMs on the lower boards .
Now you look at the situation , and I think all but the organizing team and the Egyptians , they are all 2600 - plus teams .
Sure , they are lower rated than the Russian team by 100 points , but all these players have the necessary tools and skills to defeat each other .
Some of them are more consistent than others .
Beating Brazil 2 ½- 1 ½ , it was probably the statistical result almost for Russia .
Losing to Greece , okay , obviously you would expect them to beat Greece by that score , not to lose to them 2 ½- 1 ½ , but the Greek team is a very respectable team .
They are all very good players .
Times have changed .
The days where Russia would have six world champions or ex-world champions playing on their team and they would lose one game in Olympiad and they would win by like 6 points , those days are gone , long gone .
Chess has become much more democratic in the sense that there ’s strength all over the place .
It started in '92 when the breakup of the former Soviet Union led to all these strong teams in the middle of the Olympiad .
There was no Azerbaijan playing when I was captain in ' 86 .
The Indian team in ’ 86 , Anand was a youngster , and he was playing for them .
And they had like IMs for the supporting cast .
Now they are all GM teams .
So , chess has become , because of computers , I would say principally the information has become much more democratic and you see a much greater distribution of strength all around the planet .
Tony :
So the American team won both of their first matches 3 - 1 , so those are both nice point spreads .
When I asked Nakamura how important it was to have these big victories like that where you have a lot of points in it , he said it ’s not super important to him .
This event is obviously scored on match points and not on game points .
But the first tie break is game points .
Would you agree with Nakamura that it ’s much more important to win a match and game points are almost an afterthought ?
John : I would n’t quite phrase it that way .
I think he ’s definitely right .
Winning the match is the principal objective .
To that end , you do n’t take risks if you ’re winning a match 2 - 1 , you have maybe a slightly better position , but to try to win it would entail major risk .
You do n’t do that , you know , you just lock down a match victory .
Having said that , you only have to look at the Women ’s World Team Championship to see where there were like several teams that were in a dog fight to win .
Match points were important but the game points actually came into play at the end .
Teams that had poor game point tie breaks they had to try to win the last match , instead where a draw may have been acceptable .
When it ’s all said and done , here the teams are so strong that you are just happy to win the matches .
Tony :
So how likely do you think it will come down to the first tie break for the US team ?
John :
Well , at this point I never look that far ahead .
I mean , we won the first two matches , but we ’re playing the Russians .
Playing them is never an easy task no matter what .
So , I ’m pretty confident that today is Thursday , but beyond that I do n’t know too much about what ’s going on outside this match .
Tony : Alright , well I ’m sure you have to get back in and check out how the teams doing .
So I really appreciate you taking the time to be here with us .
And I ’m sure all of our listeners agree with me whenever I wish the U.S. team luck and great success .
John :
Thank you very much .
And one last thing that I would like to say is that for those that are listening to this broadcast that this event has much better coverage than any other international event that the United States has competed in .
In the sense that back in the ' 80s people would have to wait for chess magazines to come out to find out what was going on .
It was really tough .
Even in Dresden , okay , they could follow the event but not from a real U.S. angle if you will .
But this particular tournament they are really blessed ...
The reports that you have been providing and also the reports [ of ]
Ray's , you know , [ his ] game annotations are of an exceptional quality .
I do n’t know if he saw , but there were some comments by some of the people that went on US Chess Life and one of them was Randy Hough , and I thought that he hit the nail , he got it just exactly right .
He feels as though it ’s his team .
We ’re members of the U.S. Chess Federation , we are sponsored by the Saint Louis organization here .
We want to do as well as we can .
It ’s nice that people back home are following these games .
Obviously they ca n’t be here in person but we can feel their support from a distance .
Tony : I think Randy ’s quote was : " Ray ’s efforts are most commendable .
He is helping build a sense of community .
Not just within the team but amongst all the members who are following the championship online .
I will be encouraging everyone in my club to check the results daily and help root our team to victory . "
That 's definitely as good of an endorsement as you can get .
John : Definitely .
Tony : Well , John , thanks again for joining us today .
We wish the US team the best of luck and we wish you the best of luck as well .
John :
Thank you very much .
Transcribed by : Erica Kelly
検索 :
検索語を上に入力し 、 Enter キーを押して検索します。キャンセルするには ESC を押してください 。
How shocking that Chris Reichert , who was just identified as the guy who mocked and threw money at a man suffering with Parkinson ’s disease , is a registered Republican .
Reichert , a registered Republican , said he is not politically active .
He said he heard about the rally on the radio and a neighbor invited him to attend .
“ That was my first time at any political rally and I ’m never going to another one , ” Reichert said .
“ I will never ever , ever go to another one . ”
Hey Chris – did you really think you ’d make such an ass of yourself in front of cameras without someone figuring out who you are ??
Keep it up GOP .?
Keep lathering up the most hateful instincts in our fellow human beings .?
The Republican Party will pay the highest price for people like Chris Reichert .?
Only a matter of time .
Mandybill The LibDems ' surprise amendment to strengthen UK courts ' powers over digital copyright infringement passed late last night , despite Labour and Tory opposition , replacing the government 's original , preferred proposal in the Digital Economy Bill .
Out goes the ability of the Minister to extend copyright legislation by statutory instrument - something earlier Ministers have already exercised , in practice .
In comes the ability of the courts to block network addresses based on infringement notifications .
As we explained yesterday , the amendment adds to the existing takedown - and - notification regime by giving courts the power to block access by network address .
There are ifs and buts : clauses defending human rights , and a strange one requiring the copyright holder to have attempted to make the material available - a stalking horse , perhaps , for compulsory confiscation of property .
The effect is n't clear .
For example , would the Daily Telegraph have been able to publish the MPs expenses scandal without its website being blocked ?
The expenses are Crown Copyright .
The revamped Section 17 caught campaigners on the hop .
The two LibDem peers who proposed it , Lords Clement Jones and Razzell , had been consistently ISP - friendly over seven readings in the Lords .
The two were behind the cheeky amendment to ensure hardcore infringers could enjoy fifty free download sessions ( 50 letters ) before they could be threatened with technical measures - something more likely to help the beleaguered Post Office , and printer ink cartridge vendors , rather than copyright holders .
Clement Jones justified the LibDems ' revised Section 17 by saying it was a better response to changing infringementware than Mandelson 's proposal .
Only 35 per cent of infringement was via P2P , and new technologies such as Rapidshare were always popping up .
He wrote :
There are websites which consistently infringe copyright , many of them based outside the UK in countries such as Russia and beyond the jurisdiction of the UK courts .
Many of these websites refuse to stop supplying access to illegal content .
The intention is also for the injunction to only be possible for sites where there is a substantial proportion of infringing material that is either hosted by that particular site or is accessed through the particular site in question .
The injunction will only be granted where copyright owners had first requested ISPs to block access to the site and where they had also requested the site operator to stop providing access to the infringing material ( either by removing the material itself or removing the ability to access the material ) .
There already exists a remedy under the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act ( section 97A ) which grants copyright owners a broad power to apply to the Court for an injunction .
Therefore , all amendment 120A does is enhance this power by giving copyright owners a more clearly defined route .
He added that his amendment " depoliticises the process " , by taking it out of the hands of a minister ( and Parliament ) and into the mitts of a judge .
ISPs said it was a significant addition of Courts ' powers - that 's something that has n't been debated at all .
" The justification made yesterday when it was introduced was based on a number of misjudgements , " ISPA 's policy spokesman told us .
" In a number of areas there are notice - and - takedown procedures in many areas ; it 's only in child protection that there is network level blocking , " he explained .
The one area where ISPs block by network access is child pornography , but there 's a para - legal entity there to administer that .
" It 's a unique type of material , hence the decision by industry as a whole to come together to create the IWF .
Copyright infringement is n't even a criminal offence , it 's a civil matter : the two are n't comparable , " ISPA told us .
" We feel all the implications have n't been considered . "
An aggressive timetable is being set for the Bill , we understand , giving it two Commons readings this month . ®
[ To read the new amendment in full , see Page 2 ]
October 05 , 2009
μTP or “ micro- Transport Protocol ” is a new protocol from BitTorrent , Inc. that is at the heart of the new major release of our popular BitTorrent clients “ μTorrent ” and “ BitTorrent Mainline ” .
It is going to be available as the default transport mechanism in both μTorrent v2.0 and BitTorrent v7.0 .
So what ’s the big deal ?
And why do we want this to be the centerpiece of our future software ?
The fact is that our BitTorrent clients have become incredibly popular with users downloading large files over the internet .
So much so that some observers claim that BitTorrent traffic accounts for 30 % , 50 % , or even more of all Internet traffic .
Regardless of the actual numbers ( which we have no way of knowing ) , it is clear that the popularity of BitTorrent is putting such a burden on ISP networks that they sometimes react by slowing down or interfering with that traffic .
Now there is a whole “ net neutrality ” debate , partly about whether ISPs should be allowed to interfere with internet traffic from one particular app simply because it is “ too popular ” – some argue that perhaps ISPs could invest more so that supply meets demand – but this debate is not the focus here .
At BitTorrent we like to be a bit more pragmatic , to assert that there is responsibility on the part of both the ISPs and authors of popular applications like BitTorrent to make sure that the internet scales smoothly to meet demand .
Which brings us back to μTP :
News of μTP started to leak to the public late last year with some wild and totally untrue reporting that we were trying to make BitTorrent more greedy and were somehow “ declaring war ” on users of other applications .
In fact completely the opposite is true , as was subsequently acknowledged by the initial author ’s follow - up article .
μTP is a completely new implementation of the BitTorrent protocol with a major new design objective – μTP is designed to be network friendly – to not swamp network connections when there are other apps trying to send and receive – and to resolve the key problem that ISPs use to justify interference with BitTorrent traffic .
If BitTorrent traffic volume is so great that it overwhelms end - users ’ connections ( leading to service calls from consumers whose internet does n’t work ) , then μTP eliminates this problem by being better at only using bandwidth when there is no other traffic competing , and automatically slowing or stopping BitTorrent transfers before network connections seize up .
Legacy BitTorrent traffic uses the standard internet “ TCP ” protocol to govern when it tries to go faster or slow down .
The problem with TCP is that it can only detect a problem by waiting to see if packets are dropped .
Unfortunately , by the time packets are being lost , the problem is already acute and the consumers connection has already drastically slowed or stopped .
TCP is a lot like trying to drive with your eyes closed .
You only notice something ’s wrong when you hit something .
μTP is like driving with your eyes * open * – μTP is able to see problems coming and make much more modest adjustments to ensure the problems do n’t cause a car wreck .
It does this by being able to detect congestion on a network based on how long a packet takes to be sent from one peer to the next .
If things start to take longer , then μTP adjusts the rate of sending accordingly .
As it happens , this trick has required some very deep engineering work – the way the client talks to other clients has had to be completely re-built .
As a side effect , because the new protocol so different , it is practically invisible to some of the nasty traffic shaping techniques that some ISPs have been using .
We doubt whether this happy result will last for long , and nor is it the point of the technology .
The point is to reduce the need for such gear rather than to evade it .
Overall , when we get μTP stable , we ’re excited about the potential benefits that this could bring to ISPs by reducing the effective burdens on their networks .
Although we stand to gain nothing financially from them for implementing it , we hope to maintain the lead enjoyed by μTorrent and BitTorrent Mainline software as the most popular BitTorrent clients , and hopefully demonstrate how innovation from responsible stakeholders on a neutral internet can lead to winning outcomes all - around .
— Simon–
All of these are very true .
I learnt these on my own or on the job … university classes did n’t teach any of this .. except maybe teamwork .
For the second time in a week , a Queensland community has been outraged after an online tribute site for a dead child has been tarnished by sickening messages and pornographic images .
Stunned supporters of a Facebook tribute page for a young girl murdered in Bundaberg yesterday have moved quickly to pressure moderators to remove horrific images , some of which remain on the site this morning .
It follows similar postings on a tribute page for Elliott Fletcher , who died after he was allegedly stabbed by another student at school on February 15 .
Queensland Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson has said he is seeking legal advice on what action can be taken against those who post explicit messages .
Pragmatism in URL design
I was at the 2nd Linked Data Meetup London last week .
It was great , and there was a lot of consensus and momentum built , but one of the smallest remarks by Tom Scott generated the most debate ( partly egged on by me ) .
Tom was discussing how the BBC uses " the web as its CMS " for some topics , such as using Music Brainz as a source for discography information , and Wikipedia as a source for introductions on various topic pages , such as those on the BBC Wildlife Finder about animals .
As well as simply using the data though , the BBC also uses the identifiers from those sites in its URLs .
For Music Brainz , these look like long strings of random letters , numbers and hyphens ( the Beatles , for instance , are b10 bbbfc - cf9e- 42e0 - be17-e2c3e1d2600d ) , which then form the end part of a URL at http://www.bbc.co.uk/music/artists ( eg see the page for the Beatles ) .
Wikipedia , though , uses ' human readable ' identifiers , which look like words , with capital letters where appropriate , separated by underscores .
So , for instance , the identifier for the Ursus arctos , commonly known as the ' brown bear ' , is simply Brown_Bear , and this too is used in the URLs for both the Wikipedia and BBC pages for that animal .
There are some good , pragmatic reasons why Music Brainz chose random strings , but Wikipedia chose words .
Music Brainz has data on far more artists , albums and tracks than there are Wikipedia pages , and a lot of their data is generated far more automatically and quickly than Wikipedia ( eg by ripping CDs and uploading ID3 tags ) .
Whereas Wikipedia pages all created by hand , and there 's a strong requirement to only have one page per topic , and so matching page names to the URLs is both doable and is helps to enforce unique page titles .
The biggest problem with URLs that use human - readable paths and identifiers , though , is that names can and do change .
And if the name is tied to the URL , then when a name changes , you either leave the URL as it is ( and live with the mis-match ) , or update the URL , with a redirect from the old one ( and live with the fact that this stops all the URLs being ' permanent ' ) .
Wikipedia currently follows the second option .
Wordpress , by default , follows the first option ( although you can manually re-name URL slugs to override this if you like ) .
So , you can see that there are pros and cons to having human - readable vs non-human - readable URIs .
Within the realm of Linked Data , URIs are really important ( as they identify concepts , as well as web pages ) , and so the design of URLs has to be even more carefully considered .
To return to the meetup last week , Tom 's comment , which has prompted a fair bit of debate on this topic , was that " persistance beats human - readability " , and he seemed to regret having human - readable URIs on the BBC Wildlife Finder * .
I disagreed , and a debate then ensued on the relative merits of human - readability vs persistance in URI design .
There were a range of opinions on this .
Chris Sizemore commented that " I 'm honest , I 'm not as worried abt persistance as I prob shld b.
Web got by , why ca n't SemWeb ? "
Tom replied that " of course web of doc does get broken coz urls change .
It 's quite expensive to keep link checking ( incl what doc it points to ) " and then suggested that " the whole opaque vs human readable URL thing is largely religious .
Experience dictates which you think is more important " .
There followed a bunch of comments suggesting that it was more a pragmatic , rather than a " religious " decision , weighing up the relative costs and benefits of each approach , and Michael Smethurst pointed out that creating human - readable identifiers can be expensive .
I then suggested that " not even opaque URLs can be 100 % persistent .
Concepts change , merge and split " , and Chris Sizemore added " we should design [ for ] less than 100 % persistance in URIs [ and ] promote ' healing ' mechanisms " .
I 'm not sure that there are any real answers in this area yet - it 's still something to be investigated , and something the Linked Data community will have to deal with .
I suggested that " HTTP already supplies some of the healing mechanisms : redirects , 300 Multiple Choice , 410 Gone , etc " and Michael suggested that " changed concepts , merged concepts and split concepts are new concepts so need new uris ... " , which are two contrasting but not un-complementary methods .
( Take the example where a company ' splits ' , by spinning out a part of its business into a new one , and keeping the rest running under the same name and brand - whether the larger part of the ' split ' should retain the same URI is a decision that can either be philosophical or pragmatic ) .
I 've come to the conclusion that URL design has to be done pragmatically , balancing lots of different factors , including readability of the identifiers , the ' hackability ' of the path structure ( ie the number of slashes to include ) , overall length , ease / costs of producing them , and overall the effect that all these things have on the ability for the URL to be ' permanent ' .
It may be one of the axioms of the web that URIs are opaque , and that machines " should not look at the contents of the URI string to gain other information " , but there are lots of ways in which humans do n't follow this principle :
URLs appear in search results ( eg on Google ) , and users use these to help form a judgements on which links to click .
For this reason , Google recommends making them " intelligible to humans " .
URLs get printed , and shorter ones take up less space .
URLs get typed in ( occasionally ) , and so shorter ones are quicker to type .
Characters which look similar ( eg capital I and the number 1 ) can cause problems .
URLs get used in Twitter , where they have to be really short ( otherwise URL shortners get used ) .
URLs get e-mailed , and recipients might use the URL to help understand what the link is about ( if it 's not obvious from the e-mail ) .
If URLs contain a lot of structure ( eg domain.com/section/subsection /article / ) , users will sometimes try to navigate ' upwards ' by removing words from the end of a URL up to a particular slash .
Developers sometimes use URLs as an API ( using REST and content negotiation ) , and so the path structure in URLs helps to communicate how the data is structured ( eg what the types of things are , and how they are related ) .
You can argue that developers should n't do this , but hey , they 're human too , and it can be a handy first step to understanding .
There 's probably other ways in which URLs are treated as non-opaque by humans too .
I 'm interested in how various sites and services negotiate this minefield of options and trade - offs .
Here are some examples which I think are interesting :
BBC programmes are given short ids ( called ' PIDs ' ) , which use both letters and numbers , to keep them short ( compared to using just numbers ) , but do n't use vowels ( to avoid accidentally spelling out rude words ) .
ISBNs consist of 10 or 13 digits , but they 're not completely ' opaque ' , as the publishers are allocated a range of numbers , and so you can tell from the ISBN who the publisher is ( and there are books and services to help you do this ) .
There 's also a ' check digit ' , which means that if you make a mistake typing in an ISBN , a system can tell you that you 've made a mistake , rather than showing you a different book .
Wikipedia URLs use the title of the page , but spaces are converted to underscores , as spaces are n't valid characters in URLs , and so would have to be escaped as ' % 20 ' , which looks ugly .
Most of the URLs on Flickr start with http://www.flickr.com/photos/ , even for videos - which just goes to show that sometimes your website might change in ways that your initial URL design did n't anticipate , which you 'll then need to make a decision on .
, even for videos - which just goes to show that sometimes your website might change in ways that your initial URL design did n't anticipate , which you 'll then need to make a decision on .
Tag urls , as implemented on Flickr , Delicious , Last.fm , and similar sites , all use the tag name in the URLs .
This feels pretty natural and obvious , mostly tags are essentially only a string of characters anyway , with no implied semantics , and so it 's fairly safe to assume a 1 - to - 1 mapping with the URL .
I might try and add to these lists as I discover other interesting examples , but for now , my message is that you have to think hard about URL design , weigh up the different options , and then be pragmatic about it ...
P.S I 've just remembered that I wrote a post about ' how the BBC iPlayer broke its URLs ' a couple of years , which might also be relevant to this discussion ...
* Tom later clarified that the bit he regretted was " including the / species / etc. in the URL " , rather than re-using Wikipedia identifiers , though others have suggested there have been problems with this too .
Other blog posts on this topic :
Updates : ( 9:31 PM ) Added a couple of extra links and examples .
( 9:54 pm ) Added link to Matt 's blog post .
( Mar 1 ) Added P.S with link to an old blog post of mine .
There is a phrase that I hate : " Lies , damn lies , and statistics , " which is generally used to disparage anyone presenting any data that they find not to their taste .
Classic examples of this turn up in response to epidemiological studies that show that vaccines and autism are not linked , and , of course , that the anthropogenic global warming is , indeed , anthropogenic .
That said , it does n't stop people from misusing statistics , but — and this is an important point — this misuse can be most effectively countered with the correct use of statistics .
A classic example of this has just turned up in Physical Review Letters , where a seeming link between short - term solar activity and longer - term temperature trends was shown to be the result of poor analysis .
Tracing links across time scales
Lets go back a bit and take a look at one of the original papers by Scafetta and West .
We should note that these guys are not your average morons - with - an - Internet - connection , but respectable statistical physicists who are contributors — albeit minor — to the field .
The basic idea behind the paper was that , although the sun has an 11 - year solar cycle , sunspot activity is not smooth .
Scafetta and colleagues wondered if these noncyclical fluctuations might not be driving variations in the Earth 's atmospheric temperature on time scales longer than 11 years .
That is a good question , and one worth asking .
We might be tempted to think that , because the time scales are so different , they can not be linked — in a chaotic system , this is not necessarily true .
But , if there is a real , physical , cause - and - effect link between the statistics of solar flares and global temperature trends , then they should exhibit similar scaling properties .
That is , if solar activity changes on a daily basis but the effects on the Earth 's atmosphere take place on a monthly basis , the statistics should look identical after speeding up the Earth 's atmospheric dynamics by a factor of 30 .
There is , however , an important caveat in here .
The Earth 's atmosphere is also driven by unrelated processes on different time scales .
Those that occur at much shorter time scales appear to be noise — daily fluctuations in the global mean temperature would be an example — while those that occur on much longer time scales will appear as trends .
To correctly identify if two phenomena might be related , one must be wary of both noise and trends .
Troubles with trends
The major problem with the analysis was found to be in dealing with long - term trends .
You see , Scafetta and his colleagues had found that the statistical scaling properties were related on time periods ranging from a few weeks to a few months .
If this is true , then the long - term trends in both the solar flare and the temperature data must be removed .
That is , the solar flare data needs to have the 11 - year cycle removed and the temperature data needs to have trends on the scale of 10 - 20 years removed .
In the original work , the trend had not been properly removed from either data set .
In fact , the problems were more fundamental than that .
If you are analyzing data over various time scales , which is what the researchers are doing , you face a problem : if the mean is different from one time scale to another , this artificially increases the variance in the data .
The upshot is that any trend ( be it , up , down , sinusoidal , or some weird polynomial ) will make it appear as if the two data sets depend upon each other .
Dependence is measured by the Hurst exponent , which , in the presence of any long term trends , will tend to unity whether the trends are causally linked or not .
The analysis will indicate incorrectly that the two data sets are derived from processes that produce the same statistics .
You might argue that removing long term trends from temperature data would remove recent warming .
This is correct , but the point is that , if the scaling between solar flare activity and global temperatures is robust , it should survive when longer - term trends are removed .
To fly or walk
What the authors of the new paper , Rypdal and Rypdal , found in their work is that , once the solar flare data has the 11 - year cycle removed , what results is a Lévy flight .
The analysis by Scafetta and colleagues had produced a Lévy walk , instead .
It gets worse : Scafetta and colleagues had supposedly shown that the climate also followed Lévy walk statistics .
But , once the long - term trend was removed , the climate followed something called fractional Brownian motion — essentially , this is a modified Brownian motion where a particle remembers where it has been for a period of time .
This is illustrated in the paper by showing how the real data populate the two different probability density functions : they are completely and remarkably different .
To follow the consequences of this , let me introduce you to the world of Lévy walks and flights .
Imagine that you are a pollen grain bouncing around in a liquid .
You will find that , in a particular period of time , you will move a characteristic distance via a mean step size — if we have a fixed sampling interval , then the distance you move between samples is the step size — and the step size has a well defined variation .
Furthermore , if we examine the contribution of each step to how far you have moved ( as the crow flies ) , then we will find that each step has contributed more or less equally .
This is the sort of diffusion that we see every day .
But not all diffusion works like that .
Lévy flights are very different .
A grain of pollen going through a Lévy flight will find that most of the distance it travels is dominated by a few very large jumps .
In between , it makes lots of little steps .
In this case , although there is a well defined mean step - size , the variance in step - size is infinite .
This is because the grain of pollen jumps instantly from place to place — that is , it never rests at a particular location .
Lévy walks relax this , allowing finite time at each location , resulting in a well - defined mean and variance , even though transport in a Lévy walk is still dominated by a few very large jumps .
So the two are superficially similar , but the Lévy walk is much easier to deal with mathematically .
To really show that the analysis used by Scafetta and colleagues could not distinguish between Lévy walk and a fractional Brownian motion models , the researchers created a fake data set with the same mean , but used numbers extracted from a fractional Brownian motion model .
That data produced exactly the same scaling behavior in the tests designed by Scafetta and colleagues .
Clearly , that test was inaccurate .
Similarity via different statistics
I 'm not too sure I understand the more detailed analysis correctly , but it seems that , because Rypdal and Rypdal found that the distribution of time between solar flares followed a Lévy flight , they performed an analysis that took advantage of a newly discovered property of this behavior .
For data with a finite number of samples , the variance is finite for a Lévy flight , as are all higher order moments ( moments are all different measures of how the data varies from its mean value ) .
The researchers were able to show that the scaling behavior of both the solar flare activity and the global temperature remained self - similar for very large changes in scale .
Solar flare data was shown to be self - similar for changes in scale from one day to 10,000 days ( ~ 27 years ) .
The climate , on the other hand , had very different statistics , but also showed self - similarity for periods ranging from one month through to something like 300 months ( 25 years ) .
So , if you assume both systems have the same properties , you can find degrees of self - similarity .
The problem here is that your assumption is wrong — the two exhibit completely different statistical behavior , indicating that the link found by Scafetta and colleagues was generated by inadvisably applied statistics .
Why did it turn out this way ?
Well , the statistical tests used in the first papers were unable to distinguish a Lévy walk from a Lévy flight with a trend .
Nor could the test distinguish between Lévy walks and fractional diffusion .
The upshot being that everything looked like a Lévy walk , even when it is n't .
Out of all this , one thing still really bothers me .
The work by Scafetta and colleagues claimed ( incorrectly , as it has turned out ) that the climate and solar flare data had similar statistical scaling properties over periods ranging up to a few months .
I do n't understand how that was turned into claims that solar flare activity could account for up to 60 percent of recent warming .
If I were more naive , I would believe that Scafetta and company had been taken advantage of , but the cynic in me suggests that they were actively courting attention .
Physical Review Letters , 2010 , DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.104.128501
Physical Review Letters , 2010 , DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.90.248701
( About DOIs ) .
Listing image by NASA
A wrinkle in health care reform , and President Obama 's advertisements of it , pointed out by the AP : under the new law , insurers will still be able to deny coverage to children on the basis of preexisting conditions until 2014 :
Under the new law , insurance companies still would be able to refuse new coverage to children because of a pre-existing medical problem , said Karen Lightfoot , spokeswoman for the House Energy and Commerce Committee , one of the main congressional panels that wrote the bill Obama signed into law Tuesday .
However , if a child is accepted for coverage , or is already covered , the insurer cannot exclude payment for treating a particular illness , as sometimes happens now .
For example , if a child has asthma , the insurance company cannot write a policy that excludes that condition from coverage .
The new safeguard will be in place later this year .
Full protection for children would not come until 2014 , said Kate Cyrul , a spokeswoman for the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , another panel that authored the legislation .
That 's the same year when insurance companies could no longer deny coverage to any person on account of health problems .
The problem with this is that Obama pledged an immediate end to preexisting conditions for kids in pro-health - reform stump speeches leading up to the vote .
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , the AP reports , is working to issue new regulations to clarify language and get the preexisting - conditions provision enacted immediately .
Just one of those things that has to get ironed out after Congress passes 2,000 + pages of legislation ...
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Photos by Jed Brandt
On May 28 , 2008 , an elected constituent assembly declared Nepal ’s centuries - old semi-feudal monarchy finished .
As Nepalese people celebrated in the streets , the Himalayan country was declared a republic .
In 1996 , Nepal ’s Maoists [ the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ] began an armed struggle against the monarchy and its backers among the large landowners and wealthy elites .
The key demand of this struggle was for royal rule to be replaced by an elected constituent assembly to draft a new , democratic constitution .
A mass uprising in 2006 finally toppled the monarchy and paved the way for constituent assembly elections .
In the April 2008 poll , the Maoists won more seats than any other party .
However , the coalition government headed by the now Unified Communist Party of Nepal - Maoist ( UCPN -M ) was brought down in a soft coup in May 2009 .
The pro-royal head of the Nepal national army refused to implement the peace agreements that ended the decade - long armed conflict and refused to accept his sacking by the UCPN -M government .
With the other main political parties supporting the military , the Maoists resigned .
The UCPN - M continues to lead a powerful mass movement deeply rooted among the poor that is pushing for a return to civilian sovereignty and for a pro-people constitution .
Jed Brandt is currently in Kathmandu , Nepal , reporting on the Himalayan revolution .
Jed is a member of the Kasama Project and advocate for the formation of a new communist movement with a global perspective .
This article first appeared at Jed 's blog and has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with his permission .
* * *
By Jed Brandt , Kathmandu
March 7 , 2010 -- Jed Brandt --
It took a bit for my time to adjust , to see things as they are coming here and where they 're coming from .
Not the instant back - and - forth rhythm of New York multitasking anxiety time .
Most days the electricity is out in Kathmandu .
You can hear chickens in the morning , children playing after school and quiet talk at night when the old women laugh and call across the rooftops .
Blackouts make working a computer hard , but the pace of people living by hands and minds alone , without so much mediation , is not a place I 've ever spent much time .
And I do love it here .
The city is dirty .
The people are upright , direct and curious .
I 've made friends quickly , though I 've gotten the impression its easier to get married than find a date .
Kathmandu is a valley .
The Tanglang range of the Himalaya is the wall in the sky that separates South Asia from the Tibetan plateau to the north .
The white caps are breathtaking when you can see them .
Pollution is horrible .
Cars only arrived in Kathmandu 20 years ago .
Most of the city is built for footpaths , but that does n't stop every sort of vehicle from ripping through trying to cut around the traffic jams .
It 's some kind of anarchy on the streets .
People complain about it , then go do it themselves .
I 've seen three people hit by cars , none of which stopped .
Motorcycles are everywhere and drive as they want .
I 've only seen one traffic light and it was n't lit [ due to the ] daily load shedding blackout .
Exhaust just hangs in the valley , air still as often as not .
Along the main roads , commuters and pedestrians alike wear face masks of all kinds to filter out what they can .
In any large crowd you can hear coughing , men clearing their throats .
The air only clears after rains , which are rare save for the summer monsoon .
We did get hail the other day , which tore apart the beautiful aloe plant on the patio where I 'm staying .
It was a grand dame of an aloe , now pocked with holes as big as dimes .
I have been lucky to have met many children , a few of whom are also friends .
I 'm listening to Sade , Beirut and Alicia Keys .
Drinking with the neighbourhood guys on Holi , I got to name the cat from the bodega below Lucita .
She is beautiful , with patches of silver and black tiger stripes mixing up her pure white coat .
Holi morning , the young men came up the stairs of the building I 'm staying in to ambush me on the roof with red powder and buckets of water .
Then they hugged me and poured another bucket over my head .
Holi is a water balloon fight that does n't stop until they start throwing buckets of colorful water and raw pigment , red , green , blue and orange .
Best holiday ever .
Girls do get pretty soaked though , not so fun sometimes .
It 's an occasion for both carnival and hooliganism .
Lots of laughing .
I tried to ask the guys about the meaning of the holiday and they decided to pour tall glasses of khukuri rum .
I do try to oblige .
Did I mention there is a revolution going on ?
We have n't seen a revolution in our lifetime .
Not a communist revolution anyway , with broad support and participation sustained , growing over such a short period of time .
The Maoists are unorthodox , to be sure .
They have defied everyone 's expectations , friend and foe alike .
To their credit , they have n't let their enemies tell them who they are , or been confined to some historical script handed down by the Comintern in 1930 - whatever .
After a 10 - year People 's War , starting in 1996 , they grew exponentially among the rural people who make up the heart and body of Nepal .
People were fed up with the absolute poverty , a despotic monarchy and the whole system that did n't let them advance no matter how hard they worked .
It was the Maoists who saw in that backwardness the semi-feudal , semi-colonial predicament of their country , a resonance they share for all the many other differences with pre-revolutionary China .
Millions cast their lot with the communist promise that it was they themselves who could fix what the ruling classes plainly did n't want to .
Starting with two guns .
Two guns .
They neither sought nor accepted shady foreign sponsors and still brought a king down .
That was people , and a determined , revolutionary leadership .
Violence was not the issue .
" The masses are the makers of history " is how Mao put it , advice Maoist leader Prachanda 's party apparently heard well .
When organised revolutionaries grew into a people who could not endure the old order , the very horizon of the possible shifted .
The US state department calls that terrorism , and under Obama has continued to put the Maoist party on its list of certified terrorists even after they fought for and won Nepal 's first democratic elections .
Terror is not a word any honest person could use to describe what is happening here .
People are unafraid , and if anything impatient that things have n't gone further .
The communists were transformed , and so were the broad masses of people .
They said : " We had to unlearn our slogans to start the People 's War " , which meant , I think , that they are not disciples of doctrine , or simple prophets of rage .
Terrorism is a politics of fear .
The communists have fought a people 's war , and their spirit is light .
For a new mainstream
Refusing any offers to become another parliamentary party , which are widely despised here for their profound corruption , the Maoists demanded nothing less than a constituent assembly to draft a constitution .
Through the course of the People 's War , despite flexibility on almost everything else , the Maoists never departed from this insistence .
And they got that much .
I tried to think what could happen if we had our own constituent assembly , a constitution not written by slave traders to protect their own entitlement .
It 's not just radical in Nepal , this idea that people constitute governments .
Its as unheard of in [ Mayor ] Bloomberg 's New York as in twisted hereditary monarchy of North Korea .
Red flags are everywhere .
From the moment I arrived and everywhere I 've been .
They fly alongside Nepal 's unique two - pointed flag at the national stadium .
Set in rows along the fences of the National Army 's central , public training grounds , all over .
When I 'm reading in restaurants , the times I 've had a book by the Maoists , three different waiters have commented that they were the " real government " .
Prachanda is especially admired , since it was his leadership that broke the old patterns of impotent protest followed by corrupt cooptation .
No one will admit to liking Congress , but I 've met supporters from the currently governing UML [ Communist Party of Nepal ( United Marxist Leninist ) ] .
Decent people .
Reformist , if none to happy about the Maoists ' initiative .
Imagine Todd Gitlin merged in a lab with Gus Hall and you 'll have some idea what creeps their top leaders are .
That said , the regular activists are mostly the sort of NGO professionals we have back in the US .
Well suckled by the foundation tit , their method was to keep popular mobilisation in the range of complaint and petition , and at the leading levels are not interested any change not brokered through their coffers .
The current prime minister from the UML was unelected .
He took the seat Prachanda vacated over the issue of whether the old royal army would accept civilian control , which is to say by the elected Maoists .
Prachanda fired the former commander of the National Army , who refused to step down .
The unelected " democratic " figures abided a soft coup , with the UML's leader and the pro-Indian , ceremonial President Yadev prancing around these last few months as if they were a government .
There is a fluid split between the careerists and the honest revolutionaries in the UML .
How they will act when the chips are down is still not clear , not even to them .
I talked with one couple , the husband from a leading UML family and the wife with a significant government job directing cultural activities .
The husband denounced the Maoists , who had not learned that liberal democracy was the only way the world could be , that even China had embraced capitalism .
He said UML was not communist , despite its full name United Marxists and Leninists , but that it was " tradition " .
His wife smiled and said that many " patriots " were Maoists , though not her , and that while she was not herself any longer in the UML , she was hopeful for the future " no matter how it goes " .
I think the husband was embarrased , which amused her , so he told me the Maoists had bombed his family home in the south a few years back .
He had sharecroppers on his land .
The Maoists apparently organised them to squat the same land .
He lived in Kathmandu , earning income from from the tenant farmers and keeping a seasonal residence , while his child studied in at college out of the country .
It turned out that the Maoists included those farming on his land , and that when he went to talk with them they worked out a deal of some kind .
I was kind of stunned that he just went and talked .
" I knew them " , he said .
He still has his family home , now repaired .
He 's kind of sore about it .
They did blow up part of his house , which rattled him no doubt .
Provocations and dress rehearsals
Nepal 's revolution is not over .
The old army , bureaucracy and foreign treaties are still in effect .
That said , no work can be done without the sanction of the Maoists -- not construction , not constitution or transportation throughout the length of the country .
This is what Lenin called " dual power " , not to be confused with the the sometimes usage by US radicals to mean oppositional mutual aid or serve - the - people programs .
Here there are two armies and no real government , a situation of increasing pressure where one side or the other will decide to act decisively .
The government tried to smuggle in some arms and explosives after working out arrangements with the Indian government .
They could n't even sneak them in .
Young Communist League members assembled 200 unarmed activists and blockaded the convoy .
They alerted the UN and media , and in turn were attacked by armed police reinforcements .
A few people were injured including a Maoist rep in the Constituent Assembly .
What I picked up in that incident was that the Maoists have the organisational capacity to act , and that even the National Army and police may not be reliable should they be called out against the people .
After all , how did these Maoists even know about the arms shipment arranged behind closed doors by the president , the unelected prime minister and the Indian military ?
The UML prime minister said the weapons were for " training police " .
He did n't explain what kind of police work required explosives , wires and other bomb - making materials .
Nor was this egregious violation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement , supposedly providing for the constitutional framework , noted by the international press .
It was certainly noticed here .
Should the current , unelected President Yadev and some section of the National Army attempt a military coup , backed by India , the Maoists are quite sure that the entire population would rise up .
Since the first democratic uprising here in 1990 , called Jana Andolan I through the People 's War and up to the 2006 Jana Andolan II that overthrew the king , there are expectations of a breakthrough far beyond the ranks of committed revolutionary communists .
Not the old playbook
I 've been surprised to find the complaints of some US radicals online , who are convinced that participating in elections and attempting to bring in the broadest range of support are some kind of sell out .
The facts are these : the Maoists have made every effort to complete a democratic revolution , which ain't nothing , but have not limited themselves to what the semi-feudal , semi-colonial system can bear .
They maintain their People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) .
The Young Communist League ( YCL ) is the most powerful social action force in the country , unarmed but disciplined .
The Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) already left the government they were elected to lead rather than pretend that " representation " was enough when the National Army and bureaucracy resisted transformation and civilian control .
Prachanda , Bhattarai and the Maoist leadership already had the chance to become broker - politicians , and they said , no thank you .
They launched a war , they won an election and they left the government rather than fake it .
Which brings us to now .
Audacious as can be , they returned to their base and have launched a series of mobilisations and public education forums that will escalate provided a constitution to their liking is not delivered .
They are the largest party , the legal and extra-legal opposition to an unelected government wrapped around what 's left of the deposed monarchy 's state apparatus .
The next major mobilisation is International Women 's Day .
May 28 deadline
May 28 is the deadline for Nepal 's constitution to be delivered .
That does n't look likely due to substantial interference from foreign powers and the parliamentary cretinism of the corrupt political class .
The only way it could come to pass is if the UML reformists ( called here " status quo-ists " ) were to unite with the Maoists .
Leftist parties of one stripe or another won 62 % of seats in the Constituent Assembly , enough to ratify a " people - centred " constitution .
UML leaders have ruled that out unless the Maoists disband the PLA and YCL , which they say will not happen until the new constitution is ratified to their satisfaction and under their leadership , if at all .
For its part , Nepal Congress party , formerly the parliamentary apparatus and spoils system of the monarchy , is utterly despised as a tool of India and the landlords .
Congress received around 20 % of the vote , act like king makers and keep forgetting that crown lies in the gutter .
The terms are set and the timeframe known .
Every event , each provocation and mobilisation is about contesting the allegiance of the broad mass of people .
Prachanda capped a training session for 5000 cadre in the walled city of Bhaktapur [ by stating ] that if a constitution is n't ratified to guarantee social transformation and national sovereignty the people will revolt and his party is prepared to lead it .
Nepalis are famously gentle people , which is not to say they do n't fight .
They are known throughout the world for that as well .
Prachanda 's name means , alternatively , " the fierce one " or " the awesome one " .
He 's usually smiling , and shows emotion on his face .
What stands out most about the Maoists is n't just their character .
The world is full of upright people .
These Maoists have looked back at previous attempts to build socialism and learned uncommon lessons .
What they 've come up with , and this has been noted in every conversation I 've had , is that without revolution coming from the conscious activity of the most oppressed , the working people and democratic intellectuals freed up from the feudal autocracy , communism would not be worth the word .
That 's what they learned from 20th century socialism , and its good to hear from the leaders and member of a communist party contending for power .
This is something I may have hoped for , glimmers of it got me here .
But the depth of that commitment , among cadre and common people alike , it is still startling .
I could get used to it , I think the world could , too .
Nepal is confirming to me that all rumours to the contrary , people are n't stupid .
When they can stand on their own feet , organise and fight : people will embrace a force that gives them dignity and refuses the narrow confines of " what 's in it for me and mine " .
Their secret weapon is their open spirit , which are my words , not theirs ; and true nonetheless .
Democracy at stake
I can't articulate this fully because I still do n't know enough , but caste functions something like what we call race in the United States .
There are poor Brahmins and wealthy people who came from nothing .
But the mark and habits of caste still ring .
Fighting the caste system , the Maoists do not engage in demagoguery against the privileged castes .
In place of feudal entitlement , where chauvinistic rules kept state and military jobs in the hands of the privileged , the Maoists have already declared autonomous national territories as part of a federal democratic republic .
Their own top leadership is largely from what have been those same privileged castes .
The changes they demand are , among other things , exactly to end of that system of straight - up exclusion .
Blocking a constitution through parliamentray tricks ( or some form of putsch ) in the capital would threaten not only counter - action by the Maoists , but popular uprisings with their own characteristics from the peoples most to benefit from a constitution that is secular in fact as well as word .
Any effort of the old structure to perpetuate itself will be broadly seen for a direct attack on Nepal 's heretofore excluded peoples .
Kathmandu hosts the broken Constituent Assembly , but the crisis is national .
Complaints from the privileged have the same ring as racial paranoids in the US , who still think the US is a " white republic " , and that any check on their prerogatives are the end of the world .
Upper-class advocacy groups using identity politics claim that a federal republic will " disintegrate " Nepal , missing the way enfranchisement brings a genuine patriotism that can't be faked , or glossed over by rulers speaking in the name of all .
Resentment is n't the currency of the communists .
There is n't demagoguery whipping people up against productive national capitalists or the privileged castes .
The comprador bourgeoisie , the type who make money selling the rest of the country out to India , and feudal landlords , are feeling the heat .
Even there the point is to change the power arrangement not " go get 'em " .
The argument for a federalisation itself , and its democratic potential , has been wildly popular .
Nepalese people are patriotic , no doubt .
But they also have a two major religions , a southern Tarai region that was totally excluded from self - determination and dozens of language groups .
No other social demand has so frightened the formerly entitled as the Maoists ' insistence on a federal democratic republic , but attempts to use religion or communal fear have not worked as well in Nepal as India , where Hindutva fascists have an unfortunate mass base in many areas .
The Maoists do not agitate against religion or the religious .
They are rational and atheist in a deeply faithful country .
Not surprising since Buddha was born in Nepal and was n't himself so much for the hocus pocus end of religious practice .
The Maoists credit Buddha with introducing atheism in one of their articles .
From that position of respect , they advocate for science , technology and Marx 's dialectical materialist understanding of the world .
They want schools to be public to educate everyone , not the largely private financial rackets they still are here for all but the wealthy .
Commitment to science , innovation and human dignity will serve them well .
The People 's Liberation Army adopted the Geneva Conventions just about the time the United States tore them up .
They built base areas in the countryside and advanced towards the capital .
For their success , the Maoists have been largely ignored by the very people who should be shouting from the rafters that a revolutionary internationalist , secular and people - based movement has caught fire in the Himalayan mountains .
Great powers are allied against this revolution .
India , the United States and the entire disinformation machinery we call mainstream media ( from left to right ) has insisted that communism is done .
And can be killed in silence should it raise its face .
Here people are doing it .
And it is those people who need honest solidarity , which more than anything means letting the world know what is happening .
If the mass media wo n't show what is happening , I hope someone is writing it on the walls .
There are less than three months until the deadline for the constitution .
There is no centre to hold .
Word must get out .
I know folks want a lot of local colour , or novel dish of some sort .
It is so different here and people are really so much the same .
Laughter .
Silliness .
What the world calls football .
For myself , I have laughed every day and cried a few times , which reminds me of nothing so much as my mother , who could laugh and cry at the same time , and who loved a good fight .
So yes , I am impressed .
I 'm no fortune teller .
Who knows how things will go .
The Maoists have a track record that has won them the respect of their countrypeople .
They are self - critical of communist history and determined to solve those real problems through advance and not retreat .
They do n't want to be the new boss .
They want communism , socialism and a New Democracy for Nepal .
And it 's good to hear , what we can do and not what we have to accept .
Peace to the street , war on the palace .
[ Jed Brandt has been a staff illustrator for Vibe Magazine and has done publication design and reporting for LeftTurn , Political Affairs , Monthly Review online and numerous other publications .
His first investigative article was written at age 18 on the police torture case involving Chicago 's then - commander of detectives Jon Burge , for the now - defunct Revolutionary Worker newspaper .
Jed believes love will save the day , and is currently in Kathmandu , Nepal , reporting on the Himalayan revolution .
Jed is a member of the Kasama Project and advocate for the formation of a new communist movement with a global perspective .
This article first appeared at Jed 's blog and has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with his permission . ]
Nearly every person who has had their entire genome sequenced will gather in a single room near Boston on April 27 .
It 's the last time this will ever happen .
Within a year , the dozens of people in this elite group will have been joined by a thousand or more people .
Soon after that , hobbyists may be roaming the streets with handheld DNA analyzers , high school athletes may experiment with gene therapy to enhance their performance and pharmacists might check our genetic records before filling prescriptions .
" There was a time that only guys in white labcoats had the credentials and training to operate computers , " said Jason Bobe , co-organizer of the GET conference , where the fully sequenced group will meet .
" Nowadays , we 're all experts to some degree .
This is happening in genetics too . "
Bobe hopes to recruit 100,000 people to donate their genetic information to create a public database for medical research .
The next five years will bring massive genetics experiments and breakthroughs in personalized cancer treatment , according to Harvard University geneticist George Church .
Doctors will test medications on stem cells derived from their patients to check whether they will work .
The first human genome sequence , finished in 2003 , cost an estimated $ 2.7 billion .
Today , the price has dropped below $ 1,500 for a complete sequence , and it's on the way to becoming so inexpensive that most everyone will be able to afford it .
But it 's not clear how we will use all of that information .
Personalized medicine may be the most important use of DNA analysis , but many industries will be affected by the plummeting costs of gene reading equipment .
" Lets not overlook the ways that genomics will be incorporated into other aspects of our lives , " Bobe said , " like our foods , our households , our backyards , consumer goods , our identities and social interactions . "
The shelves of most big grocery stores are already lined with products that contain genetically modified vegetables .
Students have used DNA bar code analysis to identify fake tuna in fancy sushi restaurants .
And anyone can sign up for a dating website that matches people based on their genetic traits .
" Genetics know - how will have spread even faster than the rise of computers from obscurity in 1980 to access for everyone today , even in developing nations , " Church said .
Access to the event , however , will be limited .
Only two - hundred people can attend , and tickets will cost $ 999 .
But anyone will be able to watch video clips of the best discussions for free .
Images : 1 ) The LavaAmp is an experimental DNA copying machine that could cost less than $ 100 and allow hobbyists to do genetic tests at home . / Aaron Rowe .
2 ) A $ 68,500 genome sequence from Knome comes on one of these fancy flash drives . / Knome
See Also :
In a linux / unix system , the time is the number of seconds elapsed since midnight UTC on the morning of January 1 , 1970 , not counting leap seconds .
There are different ways and procedures to change timezones in different flavors of linux / unix ( which i will explain later in this HowTo ) but universal procedure to do it in all flavors is explained below :
Using /etc / localtime to set timezone :
This is the file which sets the timezone of your system .
Usually it is the symbolic link to the original file of the timezone which are all stored in “ /usr/ share/zoneinfo / ” .
To change the timezone with this file follow this procedure :
# cd /etc /
If you wish , backup the previous timezone configuration by copying it to a different location .
Such as
# cp /etc/localtime /etc/localtime-old
Browse through the timezones given in “ /usr / share / zoneinfo / ” and finalize which one you would like to use .
Then create a symlink of that timezone on the “ /etc / ” directory with name “ localtime “
# ln - sf /usr / share / zoneinfo / dir / zonefile localtime
For ex : if you want it to set to IST ( Indian standard time ) then use this command
# ln - sf /usr / share / zoneinfo / Asia / Calcutta locatime
You can verify the same using “ date ” command
# date
Wed Feb 24 22:50:50 IST 2010
If you have the utility “ rdate “ , update the current system time by executing
# /usr/bin/rdate -s time-a.nist.gov
Now set the ZONE entry in the file “ /etc/sysconfig / clock ” file ( e.g. “ Asia / Calcutta ” , the ZONE parameter is only evaluated by system - config - date )
After doing all this , remember to sync the hardware clock with your new timezone setting , This can be done by executing following command :
# /sbin/hwclock -- systohc
This is something by which you can change the timezone on the system level .
But if you want to change a timezone to test some script , you can do it by changing your environment variable in your shell .
# export TZ=Asia / Calcutta
Remember , that in the above case , the timezone will only be changed for the same shell and will be temporary , means as soon as you logout of the shell , all you setting will be gone .
For different flavors of linux / unix you can use different commands if you do n’t want to follow the above procedure :
Redhat : “ redhat - config - date ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
“ redhat - config - date ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
Centos / fedora : “ system - config - date ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
“ system - config - date ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
Slackware / Freebsd : “ tzselect ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
“ tzselect ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
Ubuntu : “ dpkg- reconfigure tzdata ” OR “ tzconfig ” will open a dialog box –> follow the instructions .
In most of the above cases you will get an interface something like this .
Move to the timezone you would like to change and the simply press “ OK ” .
This will change the timezone of your system .
Change Timezone on Linux Cellphones :
On mobile phones and other small devices that run Linux , the time zone is stored in /etc / TZ .
So we need to follow the same procedure to change the timezone on cellphones and other small devices running on linux .
To setup UTC :
To setup UTC timezone you need to do a simple step .
Mark “ UTC=true ” in “ /etc/sysconfig / clock ” file .
# vi /etc /sysconfig / clock and change the UTC line to : " UTC=true "
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
A change in lifestyle following rapid economic growth is partly to blame China faces a diabetes epidemic , with almost one in 10 adults having the disease while most cases remain undiagnosed , researchers have said .
Tests showed diabetes was more endemic than previously thought , according to the New England Journal of Medicine .
The figures suggest China has some 90 million diabetics , far more than India .
Rapid economic growth has affected public health , through urbanisation , changed diets and more sedentary lifestyles , researchers said .
Rigorous new tests suggested that more than 92 million Chinese adults had diabetes and that nearly 150 million more were showing early symptoms , researchers said .
This represents a major public health problem for the authorities in Beijing as diabetes is a major factor in illnesses such as heart disease , stroke and kidney disease , correspondents say .
" In the last 10 years , with the country 's economy expanding quickly and people 's standard of living improving , people 's lifestyles have changed , " said Yang Wenying , one of the report 's 20 authors , who is head of endocrinology at Beijing 's China - Japan Friendship Hospital .
" China 's economic development has gone from a situation of not being able to eat enough , of poverty , to having enough food and warm clothes , and doing much less exercise , " she told the AFP news agency .
The US has a similar percentage of sufferers , but China with its massive population now has more diabetics than anywhere else in the world , says the BBC's Michael Bristow in Beijing .
The Chinese study was based on a representative sample of more than 46,000 adults aged 20 years or older from 14 provinces and municipalities .
Last year , US research suggested that diabetes was becoming a global problem , with more than 60 % of all cases likely to occur in Asia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Naomi Klein 's book The Shock Doctrine warned of the rise of " disaster capitalism " , under which governments and corporations use disasters as a chance to push through free - market policies unachievable in times of stability .
Where most see a crisis , neoliberal actors spy new market opportunities .
And with poor countries desperate for any kind of aid , they are often forced to carry out extensive privatisation , deregulation and wage cuts in return .
Following the devastation inflicted on Haiti by Tuesday 's earthquake , it 's clear that the country has become a target for such economic " shock therapy " .
Over at Left Foot Forward , Adam Ramsay ( recently interviewed by the NS ) notes that some right - wing institutions have explicitly declared their intention to use the disaster to further a corporate agenda .
In the introduction to a paper on Haiti , originally titled " Amidst the Suffering , Crisis in Haiti Offers Opportunities to the US " , the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank , declared :
In addition to providing immediate humanitarian assistance , the US response to the tragic earthquake in Haiti offers opportunities to reshape Haiti 's long - dysfunctional government and economy as well as to improve the public image of the United States in the region .
After just two hours , the foundation removed the offending passage and changed the title of the paper to the rather gentler " Things to Remember While Helping Haiti " .
But the damage was done .
Meanwhile , according to the Nation 's Richard Kim , the IMF has agreed a new $ 100 m loan to Haiti but has insisted on stringent conditions , including raising electricity prices , keeping inflation low and freezing pay for all state employees except those on the minimum wage .
As Klein argues in the video above , it is up to campaigners to insist that Haiti receive grants , not loans .
With existing debts of $ 891 m , the people of Haiti cannot afford for economic dogma to trump human need .
Subscribe to the New Statesman and we 'll donate £ 20 to UNICEF 's Haiti appeal
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter
Escape from Return - Oriented Programming : Return - Oriented Programming without Returns ( on the x86 )
By Stephen Checkoway and Hovav Shacham .
Technical Report CS2010-0954 , UC San Diego , Feb. 2010 .
Abstract
We show that on the x86 it is possible to mount a return - oriented programming attack without using any return instructions .
Our new attack instead makes use of certain instruction sequences that behave like a return ; we show that these sequences occur with sufficient frequency in large Linux libraries to allow creation of a Turing - complete gadget set .
Because it does not make use of return instructions , our new attack has negative implications for two recently proposed classes of defense against return - oriented programming : those that detect the too - frequent use of returns in the instruction stream , and those that detect violations of the last - in , first - out invariant that is normally maintained for the return - address stack .
Material
available as UCSD technical report CS2010 - 0954
full paper , local copy ( PDF )
See Also
This paper appeared at ACM CCS 2010 , merged with a paper by Davi , Dmitrienko , Sadeghi , and Winandy .
See here for the merged version .
Reference
@TechReport {CS10 , author = { Stephen Checkoway and Hovav Shacham} , title = { Escape from Return - Oriented Programming : Return - Oriented Programming without Returns ( on the x86 ) } , institution = {UC San Diego} , year = 2010 , month = feb , number = { CS2010 - 0954} }
In most animal species , males and females show obvious differences in body size .
But how can this be , given that both sexes share the same genes governing their growth ?
University of Arizona entomologists studied this conundrum in moths and found clues that had been overlooked by previous efforts to explain this mystery of nature .
Take a look around in the animal world and you will find that , in most organisms , individuals of one sex are larger than the other of the species .
Even though evolutionary biologists have long recognized this discrepancy , called sexual dimorphism , they have struggled for decades to solve a major paradox :
How can males and females of one species be of different sizes , given that they share the same genetic blueprints dictating their development and growth ?
Researchers from the University of Arizona have discovered that the key to unraveling this mystery lies in the early developmental stages during which the sexes begin to grow apart and that females can respond to selection on size almost twice as fast as can males .
Their findings are published online before print in Proceedings of the Royal Society of London , Series B .
" In mammals , the males tend to be larger because there is an advantage in being bigger and stronger when it comes to fighting over who gets the female , " explained Craig Stillwell , lead author of the study and a UA Center for Insect Science postdoctoral fellow in the lab of Goggy Davidowitz , an assistant professor of entomology at the UA .
" In most arthropods , on the other hand , we find the opposite : the females are bigger than the males .
Think of spiders , for example .
In some species , the female can be hundreds of times larger than the male .
" The question we asked was , ' how do females and males come to be different in size ? ' "
Many biologists have tried to solve this puzzle over time , but when Stillwell and Davidowitz looked at the literature , they realized something was missing in the picture .
" Since there is no difference - at least that we know of - between the male and female genes controlling growth , nobody could figure out why we see what we see in nature : differently sized males and females , " said Stillwell .
Scientists have known that growth rates do not differ between female and male caterpillars and thus cannot account for the observed size difference .
Rather , the sexual dimorphism observed in the adult animals more likely has to do with differences in the time the two sexes spent as growing larvae .
Even in light of that , nearly all research has focused on the adult animals .
" We are the first ones to look at the larvae with this question in mind , " Stillwell said .
Stillwell and Davidowitz chose the giant hawk moth ( Manduca sexta ) , a species native to Arizona , as a model organism , mostly because this insect species is well - studied , easily bred in the lab and large enough to allow for ease of handling and measuring .
The researchers followed more than 1,200 caterpillars from the time they hatched , all the way through four molts and until they pupated .
They weighed and measured the animals at different times during development and fed the data into a complex statistical model they developed .
For most of their lives as caterpillars , females and males do not appear much different .
" The final larval stage is when it all happens , " Stillwell said .
" There is a point in the caterpillar 's life when an inner clock and environmental cues tell the animal it 's time to become an adult .
Hormonal changes make them stop feeding and wander around looking for a place to pupate .
Within a few hours they develop into a pupa , from which the adult moth will emerge a few weeks later . "
Stillwell and Davidowitz discovered that female caterpillars initiate this fundamental change a bit later than the males .
By the time the female caterpillars pupate , they are larger , making for larger moths when they emerge .
So where is the advantage in being larger if you 're a female insect ?
" Biologists think selection favors large females because they can produce more offspring , " Stillwell said .
" Another exciting result of this study is that we found a lot more variation in the physiological makeup of the female caterpillars compared to male individuals .
Therefore , over generations , the females are able to respond to selective pressures nudging them toward large body size much faster than the males . "
###
Reference : R. Craig Stillwell and Goggy Davidowitz , A developmental perspective on the evolution of sexual size dimorphism of a moth .
Proceedings of the Royal Society of London , Series B , published online before print on March 10 , 2010 .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Jamaran
Israel praised an International Atomic Energy Agency report released on Thursday that says Iran may be developing a nuclear warhead .
“ The new IAEA report deals more sharply and clearly than its predecessors with the military aspects of Iran ’s nuclear program , ” the Foreign Ministry said in a statement released on Friday .
Noting that the report is the first during the term of new IAEA chief Yukiya Amano of Japan , Israel said it “ establishes that the agency has a lot of trustworthy information about the past and present activities that testify to the military tendencies of the Iranian program .
” Among these activities were the recently declared decisions to enrich uranium to 20 percent and the continued construction of the Qom nuclear facility , kept secret until it was discovered by Western intelligence agencies and made public in recent months .
The UN nuclear agency report suggested for the first time that Teheran had either resumed such work or had never stopped when US intelligence thought it did .
Thursday ’s report appeared to put the UN nuclear monitor on the side of Germany , France , Britain and Israel .
These nations and other US allies have disputed the conclusions of a US intelligence assessment published three years ago that said Teheran appeared to have suspended such work in 2003 .
The US assessment itself may be revised and is being looked at again by American intelligence agencies .
While US officials continue to say the 2007 conclusion was valid at the time , they have not ruled out the possibility that Teheran subsequently resumed such work .
The confidential IAEA report said Iran ’s resistance to agency efforts to probe for signs of a nuclear cover - up “ give rise to concerns about possible military dimensions to Iran ’s nuclear program .
” Ali Asghar Soltanieh , Iran ’s envoy to the IAEA , told the official IRNA news agency that the report “ verified the peaceful , nonmilitary nature of Iran ’s nuclear activities .
” But in Washington , US State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the findings were consistent with what Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been saying “ on our ongoing concerns about Iran ’s activities .
” The language of the report appeared to be more directly critical of Iran ’s refusal to cooperate with the IAEA than most of those compiled by Amano ’s predecessor , Mohamed ElBaradei of Egypt .
It strongly suggested that intelligence supplied by the US , Israel and other IAEA member states on Iran ’s attempts to use the cover of a civilian nuclear program to move toward a weapons program was compelling .
“ The information available to the agency ... is broadly consistent and credible in terms of the technical detail , the time frame in which the activities were conducted and the people and organizations involved , ” read the report , prepared for next month ’s IAEA board meeting .
“ Altogether , this raises concerns about the possible existence in Iran of past or current undisclosed activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile , ” said the report , which was also sent to the UN Security Council .
According to Israel , the report reflects “ the lack of cooperation from Iran with the agency ’s investigation of its activities ” and “ the continuing systematic violation of decisions of the Security Council and the IAEA ’s Board of Governors .
” Meanwhile on Friday , Russia ’s foreign minister said he was “ very alarmed ” over Iran ’s failure to prove its nuclear program is peaceful , suggesting Moscow may be closer to acceding to Western demands for new UN sanctions against Teheran .
“ We are very alarmed , and we cannot accept that Iran is refusing to cooperate ” with the IAEA , Lavrov said on Ekho Moskvy radio .
He added that he did not understand the need for Iran to conduct its nuclear program in secret , withholding information from the IAEA .
However , Sergey Lavrov ’s deputy said later on Friday that Russia still opposed crippling sanctions , returning to the traditional rhetoric Moscow has used for its “ partner ” and business ally .
Russia ’s Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov seemed to step back from support for sanctions in comments reported by Interfax .
“ We find the term ‘ paralyzing sanctions ’ completely unacceptable .
Sanctions should follow the aim of strengthening the regime of nuclear nonproliferation , ” he said , adding that Russia would fulfill its contract with Iran to deliver S - 300 missile systems that Israel and other states fear would be an effective defense against possible Israeli or Western military strikes on the Islamic Republic ’s nuclear program .
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei used a Friday visit to a newly launched Iranian guided - missile destroyer in the Persian Gulf to deny that Teheran was seeking nuclear weapons , and to criticize the US military presence in the Gulf .
Khamenei , who has the final say on all state matters , said his country was not developing nuclear weapons because Islam forbids weapons of mass destruction .
“ Because of this reason , we do n’t have any belief in the atomic bomb and do n’t pursue it , ” he said after taking a tour of the destroyer .
State television , which broadcast the event , said the warship was the country ’s first domestically built destroyer and a major technological leap for Iran ’s naval industries .
Khamenei , who also is the commander - in - chief of his country ’s armed forces , said Washington was trying to frighten Iran ’s Arab neighbors into buying US weapons .
He also said America and Israel were trying to sow divisions between Iran and Arab nations .
“ The US and the Zionist regime are trying to spread divisions to distract the attention of Islamic nations from the main enemies of the Islamic world , which are the US and Israel , ” Khamenei said in remarks broadcast on state TV.
Susan Rice , the US ambassador to the United Nations , said the IAEA report “ underscores that Iran continues to flout its international obligations ” and indicates that Teheran is pursuing “ a nuclear weapons program with the purpose of evasion .
” The United States has circulated elements for a possible new UN sanctions resolution to other veto - wielding UN Security Council members – Russia , China , Britain and France – and Germany .
The six countries have been trying , to no avail , to get Iran to suspend its uranium enrichment program and return to negotiations on its nuclear program .
Rice told reporters at UN headquarters in New York that the report also demonstrates “ the urgency ” that Teheran must now engage the international community on its nuclear program or “ face increased international pressure .
” The French Foreign Ministry went further in a statement on Friday , saying the IAEA report “ shows how urgent it is to take resolute action to respond to Iran ’s lack of cooperation .
” “ We now have no other choice , given this report , than to seek , togetherwith our partners , the adoption of new measures by the UN SecurityCouncil over the next few weeks , ” the ministry said in a statement .
The United States and its Western allies have been pushing for a fourthround of UN sanctions .
But China , which relies on Iran ’s energyexports , is skeptical of any new sanctions .
GAO Sting Finds EnergyStar® Program in Need of Independent Review ; Overhaul Imminent
March 26th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
While much of the EnergyStar® program is sound , and has led to real quantifiable energy savings over time , over the last four years , alarm bells have been sounding on the increasingly lax certification process .
Just how lax ?
[ social_buttons ]
A gasoline - powered alarm clock the size of a microwave was one of the more ridiculous items able to get an automated label in a year - long undercover sting operation by the General Accounting Office .
Alarms had been sounding for the last 4 years , leading up to a year long investigation that uncovered the flawed certification process .
So this month , the EPA and the DOE announced that it will begin a long overdue overhaul of certification processes to get the EnergyStar® program back on track .
For the first time , all products seeking the EnergyStar® label will be tested in approved labs and require manufacturers to participate in an ongoing verification testing program to will ensure continued compliance .
The problem had been developing for years .
By 2006 a Federal court required that the DOE update and tighten misleading EnergyStar® ratings , ruling in favor of 14 states with complaints about lax ratings for dishwashers , air conditioners , heaters , furnaces and clothes dryers , among other appliances .
Consumer Reports noted in October 2008 that there were still problems with the label including lax qualifying standards , federal testing procedures that were outpaced by current technology , and reliance on industry self - policing .
In December of 2008 , an audit by the EPA Office of the Inspector General found that claims regarding greenhouse gas reductions were inaccurate and based on faulty data .
So early in 2009 , Senator Susan Collins ( R- ME ) the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs asked the GAO to test the product certification process , to ensure that it does indeed meet real efficiency requirements .
Beginning in June , the GAO ran a 12 month test .
The just completed year - long test has indeed conclusively determined that manufacturers could obtain EnergyStar® partnership and product certification even for products not meeting the supposed efficiency requirements .
The GAO found that companies can easily submit fictitious energy - efficiency claims in order to obtain qualification for a broad range of consumer products .
“ Based on our investigative results , we found that the current process for becoming an EnergyStar partner and certifying specific products as EnergyStar compliant provides little assurance that products with the EnergyStar label are some of the most efficient on the market .
Control weaknesses associated with the general lack of upfront validation of manufacturer self reported data allowed all of our bogus firms to become EnergyStar partners , and allowed most of our products to be certified as Energy Star compliant . ”
The program has primarily been a self - certification program relying on corporate honesty and industry self - policing to protect the integrity of the energy efficiency label .
But now it appears that it is time to put in place a rigorous certification process based on independent testing .
Especially now , as the comparable new HomeStar program advances through congress , the need to restore the integrity of the original program that it would be based on becomes even more urgent .
The self - policing aspect of the first program clearly does not provide the checks and balances needed .
Kudos to a Republican ranking member for initiating such a review .
Image : The White House at Flikr
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Bryan Devendorf has shared his debut album today , and first album in which he ’s lead vocalist .
Royal Green was co-produced with Nate Martinez and recorded in Brooklyn , NY .
The 8 - song album features original songs as well as some surprising covers .
Pre-order the LP and merchandise in our store .
Stream the album and watch the video for Breaking The River here .
A limited edition Royal Green variant LP ( green vinyl ) is available for Cherry Tree members to pre-order now here .
What follows is an evaluation of world copper production , then an analysis country by country -- there are many charts and graphs so that we may try to understand where we are with regard to future copper production .
Copper has been an important mineral in the world growth , in use for at least 10 000 years .
The Bronze Age is well known for having replaced the Stone Age , and bronze is the alloy of copper and tin .
Copper has the second highest electrical conductivity after silver .
Its price went so high that copper cables are now often stolen , disturbing telephone and Internet communications .
Copper is used in piping ( water supply , refrigeration and air conditioning ) .
Measured by weight , it is the third most important metal used by man after iron and aluminium ( Radetzki 2009 ) .
Its use is challenged by new substitutes , but copper production will peak because it is a limited resource amounting to around 1400 Mt. Unlike oil , copper can be recycled , but developing countries ’ needs are huge .
As is his nature , Jean speaks more with graphs than words .
This posts contains over 40 images amounting to 2 Mbytes of data ; keep this in mind when proceeding .
I found it fairly easy to model gold production both for the world and the main producers in my 2009 post
The gold peak , easier to model than the oil peak ( part II ) .
In this post , I have tried to do the same for copper production .
The best source of data is the USGS which provides complete time - series since 1900 for the US and the world .
For other countries unfortunately , I had to turn to individual annual reports ( from 1932 ) where the scanned data is hard to read in old reports .
The USGS should compile the country by country copper production data from the annual reports in one document like Porter and Edelstein did for the world and for the US : U.S. Geological Survey , in Kelly , T.D. , and Matos , G.R. Historical statistics for mineral and material commodities in the United States : U.S. Geological Survey Data Series 140 .
Since 1995 , the USGS reports its annual remaining reserve estimate as USGS reserves and USGS reserve base .
The cumulative production from 6000 years ago to 1900 is estimated at 17 Mt . The world copper cumulative production can be easily modelled with a logistic curve for ultimates of 1200 Mt and 1600 Mt fitting the USGS estimates .
Figure 1 : world copper cumulative production , USGS reserves and forecast for ultimates of 1200 Mt and 1600 Mt .
For these two ultimates the annual production can also be easily modelled and the peak seems to occur soon , despite ( or because ) the high price increase since 2000 .
Yet the copper price today is cheaper than in 1900 when reported in 1998 dollars per kg ( USGS data ) .
The secondary production is small and decreasing to almost nothing !
Figure 2 : world copper annual production and forecasts for ultimates of 1200 Mt and 1600 Mt and price .
The eight main copper producers ( Chile , US , Peru , Indonesia , China , Australia , Canada and Russia ) have been studied and the synthesis is plotted on a single graph .
These eight producers have an ultimate of 820 Mt that is about 60 % of the world 's ultimate .
Figure 3 : world copper annual production and forecasts for the eight main producers 1900 - 2100 .
Gavin Mudd in Historical trends in base metal mining : back casting to understand the sustainability of mining [ pdf ! ] , a publication from 2009 , shows annual copper production starting in 1840 .
Figure 4 : world copper annual production from G.Mudd 1840 - 2008 .
The details for the eight main copper producers are presented below .
World
The world primary production is less than the secondary production and both added less than the refined reported by the ICSG .
Figure 5 : world , Chile , Peru and US annual copper production and copper price .
The Hubbert linearisation of production data - being the growth of production ( or annual / cumulative in % ) versus cumulative production - is extrapolated with a linear trend with the aim of estimating the ultimate , but it works only if the cumulative production fits a logistic curve , when in reality there are often several cycles .
The present plot for the world shows only a recent trend from 2000 onwards , which can be extrapolated towards 1600 Mt ( present cumulative production plus USGS reserve base ) but the previous declining trend ( 1975 - 1995 ) was pointing towards 1000 Mt .
Figure 6 : world copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
The best approach is to rely on the geological inventory of the world potential estimated by the USGS , based on the study of known discoveries and possible yet to find .
The USGS does not give a good and precise definition of its estimates reported as reserves and reserve base !
Contrary to the obsolete SEC rules for oil , forbidding reporting of probable reserves ( now changed in 2010 ) the SEC rules for minerals ( industry guide 7 ) allow to report proved and probable .
The USGS only changes its data on copper reserves from time to time , when it shows the remaining discovered reserves , but it should be decreased when production is n't matched by new discovery .
Only US and Canada reserves have decreased !
The reserves reported by the USGS since 1995 show a poor evolution when plotted in a log scale :
Figure 7 : world and main producers copper reserves estimates by the USGS in log scale .
This poor evolution , such as for Russia with no change during 15 years , means that their estimate lacks good data !
Geoscience Australia in their 2009 report [ pdf ! ] use a more precise definition of resources and report Economic Demonstrated Resources ( EDR ) for Australia and the world at the end 2008 being 78 Mt and 603 Mt respectively .
In its turn the USGS reserves stand at 24 Mt and 540 Mt and the USGS reserve base amounts to 43 Mt and 1000 Mt. USGS reserves look pessimistic compared to Geoscience Australia EDR .
The reserve base looks similar , but there should be an upper limit .
Figure 8 : world and main producers copper reserves estimates by the USGS in log scale .
In mining , economics depends mainly on the grade of the ore and it is important to plot the evolution with time .
But my data is not good enough .
Gavin Mudd ( 2009 ) has a graph showing the decline of the ore grades for the world , US , Australia and Canada , all declining below 1 % in 2008 .
It is difficult to estimate the the point at which production ceases to be economic .
Figure 9 : world , USA , Canada and Australia ore grade 1900 - 2008 .
United States
The cumulative US copper discovery ( starting in 1545 ) from USGS 98 - 206A is 350 Mt at the end of 1998 and seems very optimistic compared to the USGS reserve base ( around 200 Mt with cumulative production ) .
The cumulative production in 1900 is assumed to be around 6 Mt and it is at 129 Mt at end 2008 .
We have taken 200 Mt as the ultimate production .
Figure 10 : US copper cumulative discovery and production , USGS reserves and forecast for an ultimate of 200 Mt .
The Hubbert linearisation of production is more reliable , having passed peak , trending towards 200 Mt .
Figure 11 : US copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
The US annual production of copper is increasing chaotically from 1900 to a peak in 1998 at 2.1 Mt , and drops drastically to 1.2
Mt in 2005 , despite a sharp increase in price !
Figure 12 : US copper annual production for an ultimate of 200 Mt .
Chile
The USGS has almost doubled Chile 's copper reserves from 1995 to 2009 .
Figure 13 : Chile copper cumulative production and USGS reserves andforecast for ultimates of 250 Mt &and 300 Mt .
We have modelled for an ultimate of 250 Mt because the Hubbert linearisation since 1999 trends towards such value , but also 300 Mt , guessing that 275 Mt is not a bad value .
Figure 14 : Chile copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
Chile copper production has peaked in 2007 .
Figure 15 : Chile copper annual production and forecast for an ultimate of 275 Mt .
Peru
Like for Chile , the USGS has doubled its reserves estimate , but in 2008 , from 30 to 60 Mt .
We guess that the ultimate is around 100 Mt .
Figure 16 : Peru copper cumulative production and USGS reserves & forecast for an ultimate of 100 Mt .
The Hubbert linearisation is hopeless , being far from peak .
Figure 17 : Peru copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
For an ultimate of 100 Mt , Peru 's copper production will peak around 2025 at 1.7 Mt .
Figure 18 : Peru copper annual production and forecast for an ultimate of 100 Mt .
China
Data for China is hard to check and the USGS has increased its reserves lately .
We have taken an ultimate of 50 Mt .
Figure 19 : China copper cumulative production and USGS reserves and forecast for an ultimate of 50 Mt .
The Hubbert linearisation plot trends towards infinite !
The annual production should peak around 2020 at 1.2 Mt .
Figure 20 : China copper annual production and forecast for an ultimate of 50 Mt .
Indonesia
The USGS has sharply increased Indonesia ’s reserves around 2000 , but reduced them last year .
We have taken an ultimate of 45 Mt .
Figure 21 : Indonesia copper cumulative production , USGS reserves and forecast for an ultimate of 45 Mt .
Hubbert linearisation plot is impossible to extrapolate .
Figure 22 : Indonesia copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
Indonesia copper production has peaked in 2001 and will decline slowly until 2100 .
Figure 23 : Indonesia copper annual production and forecast for an ultimate of 45 Mt .
Australia
In the US , Wall Street ( SEC ) dominates reserves definition and it is good to see a country with a better scientific approach .
Australia is a good choice to compare the USGS estimate with Geosciences Australia 's estimate [ pdf ! ] .
Australia has a better reserve definition for minerals ( EDR = Economic Demonstrated Resources ) .
Figure 24 : Australia ’s resources from Geosciences Australia 2009 report .
The sharp increase in Australia ’s copper reserves comes mainly from the huge Olympic Dam field ( copper and uranium ) in South Australia .
K.F.Bampton in Copper mining and treatment in South Australia [ pdf ! ] displays ( in a logarithmic scale ) the up and down copper production in South Australia starting around 1840 .
Figure 25 : South Australia copper production .
Olympic Dam copper reserves are estimated at 32 Mt. Australia copper ultimate is estimated at 100 Mt .
Figure 26 : Australia copper cumulative production , USGS and Geosciences reserves with forecast for an ultimate of 100 Mt .
The Hubbert linearisation is hard to extrapolate !
Figure 27 : Australia copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
For an ultimate of 100 Mt Australia ’s copper production will peak around 2030 at 1.5 Mt .
But this optimistic future production increase is based only on geological constraints ( reserves ) , yet above ground constraints ( Economy ) could dampen this forecast into a more chaotic behaviour !
Figure 28 : Australia ’s copper annual production and forecast for an ultimate of 100 Mt .
Canada
Canada is another good place to compare USGS and Natural Resources Canada ( NRCan ) approaches .
NRCan reserves are more complete and slightly lower than the USGS reserves .
From NRCan we estimate Canada 's copper ultimate at 50 Mt .
Figure 29 : Canada copper cumulative production , USGS and NRCan reserves with forecast for an ultimate of 50 Mt .
The Hubbert linearisation seems to be trending towards 50 Mt since 1970 .
Figure 30 : Canada ’s copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
Canada ’s copper production has peaked in 1974 and will be producing at half peak around 2015 .
Figure 31 : Canada ’s copper annual production and forecast for an ultimate of 50 Mt .
Russia
Russia is a difficult country to get reliable data from , because before the break up of the USSR the data was global and because the cold war data was very imprecise .
We have assumed the copper production of Russia during the period of the FSU by taking a certain percentage of FSU data .
The USGS reserves have not changed from 1995 to now , despite production , indicating the uncertainty of the estimate .
The largest field is Udokan in Eastern Siberia , which displays some negative growth ( from 20 to 14 Mt ) ; it was sold in 2008 to be developed and is planned to be producing 0.5 Mt by 2016 .
We have assumed Russia ’s copper ultimate to be 60 Mt .
Figure 32 : Russia ’s copper cumulative production , USGS reserves with forecast for an ultimate of 60 Mt .
The Hubbert linearisation could be extrapolated towards 60 Mt but it is not reliable !
Figure 33 : Russia ’s copper production : Hubbert linearisation .
Russia ’s copper production has dropped sharply with the break up of the FSU , and is likely peaking now .
Figure 34 : Russia ( and FSU ) copper annual production with forecast for an ultimate of 60 Mt .
Copper consumption
The US copper consumption displays a chaotic constant increase from 1900 to 2000 , and then a decline .
The US consumption peak follows the US production peak .
Figure 35 : US copper consumption & production 1900 - 2008 .
The world copper consumption ( N. Brewster , Rio Tinto , Outlooks for commodity markets [ pdf ! ] displays a harmonious increase since 1850 but a possible peak in 2006 , or just a bump !
The real ( in 2009 dollars ) copper price displays an opposite trend !
Figure 36 : world copper consumption and real price 1850 - 2008 from Rio Tinto .
It is hard to find a good graph of the distribution of the world copper use .
This Russian graph ( from Copper industry : world production – Part I ) shows the large range of use by industry :
Figure 37 : world copper consumption by industry .
Another good graph on US copper use :
Figure 38 : US copper use for 2006 .
Copper & gold & oil
Gold production has peaked in 2000 and copper will likely peak in 2020 .
Their growth was roughly parallel ( with a 20 years gap ) .
Figure 39 : world copper and gold annual production .
Copper 's price in 1998 dollars has been chaotic with a sharp increase in 2006 ( still , lower than in 1900 ! ) , but the gold price was also chaotic .
Figure 40 : world copper and gold price in 1998 US dollars .
Since 1980 the copper price has been following the oil price .
Figure 41 : world copper and oil price in 1998 US dollars .
Conclusions
Copper has been an important mineral in the world growth , in use for at least 10 000 years .
The Bronze Age is well known for having replaced the Stone Age , and bronze is the alloy of copper and tin .
Copper has the second highest electrical conductivity after silver .
Its price went so high that copper cables are now often stolen , disturbing telephone and Internet communications .
Copper is used in piping ( water supply , refrigeration and air conditioning ) .
Measured by weight , it is the third most important metal used by man after iron and aluminium ( Radetzki 2009 ) .
Its use is challenged by new substitutes , but copper production will peak because it is a limited resource amounting to around 1400 Mt. Unlike oil , copper can be recycled , but developing countries ’ needs are huge .
Chile and China dominate the world 's copper production .
But Chile 's production peaked in 2007 and China will likely peak around 2020 .
The future of copper is uncertain !
The Copper peak seems a real concern for many and there are several “ Peak Copper ” sites .
The use of peak xxx has become a fashion following the introduction of the term Peak oil by Colin Campbell in 2001 .
Peak fat is described by Ugo Bardi .
From Goggle ( February 2010 ) peak oil finds 2 080 000 quotes but oil peak only 91 400 quotes ; peak copper finds 53 100 quotes , but copper peak only 24 100 quotes .
The Copper peak is not something new !
The only question is when .
Jean has long been a friend and contributor to TheOilDrum , providing insights on such issues as Methane Hydrates , Oil Prices or Gold Depletion .
His posts can be browsed here .
Question : Print all the permutations of a string .
Write code in C .
Answer :
Here is a recursive solution to print all the permutations of a string .
However , this solution does not take care of duplicates .
It is assumed that there are no duplicates in the string .
I left out the implementation of the swap method since that implementation is not important here .
The idea is to keep the first character constant and generate permutations with the rest .
Then keep the first two characters constant and generate permutations with the rest until you are out of characters 🙂
void permutate ( char [ ] str , int index ) { int i = 0 ; if ( index == strlen ( str ) ) { //
We have a permutation so print it printf ( str ) ; return ; } for ( i = index ; i < strlen ( str ) ; i++ ) { swap ( str[index ] , str[i ] ) ; //
It does n't matter how you swap .
permutate ( str , index + 1 ) ; swap ( str[ index ] , str[ i ] ) ; } }
permutate( " abcdefgh " , 0 ) ;
Now what do we do if there are duplicates in the string ?
The trick is to sort the characters in the alphabetical order first .
We can then ignore the duplicates easily when generate the permutation .
void permutate ( char [ ] str , int index ) { int i = 0 ; static lastChar = 0 ; if ( index == strlen ( str ) ) { //
We have a permutation so print it printf ( str ) ; return ; } // Permutate once without any swaps .
permutate ( str , index + 1 ) ; lastChar = str[index ] ; for ( i = index + 1 ; i < strlen ( str ) ; i++ ) { if ( lastChar == str[ i ] ) { continue ; } else { lastChar = str[i ] ; } swap ( str[ index ] , str[i ] ) ; //
It does n't matter how you swap .
permutate ( str , index + 1 ) ; swap ( str[ index ] , str[ i ] ) ; } }
permutate ( sort ( " Hello World " ) , 0 ) ;
Simple right ?
Any comments or suggestions are always welcome .
Like this post ?
Please Digg it or Stumble it .
S ’s experience with vulvar vestibulitis – which makes penetrative sex painful – highlighted the phallocentric medical establishment and limited definitions of sex
For almost 10 years I have suffered from a form of vulvodynia ( vulval pain ) known as vulvar vestibulitis , which , although it has made perhaps two brief forays into the media in that time , seems generally unknown except to those who suffer from it .
Briefly , it has no known definite cause or cure and the symptoms are simply excruciating spots of soreness just inside the entrance to the vagina ( making sexual intercourse , in my case , utterly impossible ) .
This physiological ( not psychosomatic – more on that in a moment ) condition has had a fairly devastating effect on my sexual identity , marital relationship and general well - being , but it has also brought some clarity to my thinking about female ( and indeed male ) sexuality , and the prevailing societal assumptions of most healthcare providers .
Essentially I would argue that the attitudes of healthcare providers to this type of condition are often phallocentric and negligent of female care .
In my case I firmly believe my condition could have been treated successfully , had it been diagnosed immediately , treated as a serious condition and free from the obsessive focus on penetrative sexuality .
My first reaction when this problem started was utter terror and shame and fear , because I had no idea what the hell was wrong with me .
I was 19 and only a few months into a still developing sexual relationship with my ( now ) husband and – despite having had very good sex education in terms of contraception and sexually transmitted diseases – was totally clueless about any of the other myriad problems that affect women in their sexual health .
Why are students not offered this kind of information as part of our education system ?
It ’s almost as though as long as you are pregnancy and disease free , nothing else – such as enjoyment or comfort – matters .
I worry that we fail spectacularly to provide young men and women with the knowledge and understanding of sexual issues that most of them will encounter .
Indeed , of the many , many GPs that I saw , hardly any of them seemed aware of vulvar vestibulitis , and I ended up educating them !
If healthcare professionals take so little interest in women ’s sexual health ( and this is not a rare condition by any means ) , what does this say about society ’s priorities ?
I resented the implication that I was somehow an over -emotional hysteric who was causing this problem herself .
As though I was too stupid to know my own body and was unable to comment on even the most basic symptoms
The first doctor I saw was lovely and sympathetic , but she was a bit clueless – seemingly stumped after we ’d eradicated any possibility of thrush / chlymadia etc , she referred me to a ‘ specialist ’ GP .
This doctor had an exceptionally cold personality and treated me as though I were an idiot ( despite the fact I was a student at one of the top universities in the country and by no means unintelligent ) .
She gave me a rough internal examination causing me extreme pain and then said , “ There , you ’re tightening your muscles .
You ’re doing that .
You ’re doing it yourself . ”
She was hurting me so much that I cried out and asked her to stop .
Afterwards I actually felt like I had undergone some kind of assault .
I then sat at her desk in floods of tears insisting that I was not causing the pain myself and that it was n’t simply psychosomatic .
Her response was , “ You ca n’t sit there in floods of tears and tell me there is n’t a psychological cause here . ”
Now I think : what a fucking idiot that she could n’t even distinguish between cause and effect , but at the time I was devastated .
As much as the pain she caused , I resented the implication that I was somehow an over - emotional hysteric who was causing this problem herself .
As though I was too stupid to know my own body and was unable to comment on even the most basic symptoms .
I am sorry to say that I met this kind of response in other doctors , who seemed remarkably unperturbed and told me it would probably go away .
None of them seemed interested or indeed had any tools at their disposal for helping me cope with the severe emotional and psychological trauma this condition was causing me .
I am convinced that a young man of my age , complaining of serious sexual dysfunction and pain , would not have been treated in the same way .
Firstly because in an otherwise healthy young male , loss of sexual function would rightly be seen as devastating ( whereas for me it was treated as a mild difficulty ) , and furthermore because I do not think these doctors would assume a man was being ‘ over - emotional ’ or was suffering from a psychological problem rather than a physical one .
I have come across several research papers on this condition which state that it is more likely to affect women who are ‘ highly sensitive ’ , although what criteria the researchers used for levels of ‘ sensitivity ’ I can not imagine – response to fluffy kittens ?
Do they cry at romantic movies ?
Do they weep when they ’re in pain and frustrated …?
Consider also the lack of public knowledge , scientific research or medical understanding of vulvodynia in comparison to the widespread concern and pharmaceutical solutions for male impotence .
How is it that so much time and money can be invested in the development of Viagra , when so little is invested in the sexual dysfunction of women , which often involves a life of chronic pain ( as male impotence does not tend to ) ?
It has always seemed wildly unfair to me that science has lagged so far behind in researching and treating female conditions .
There seems to be an expectation that women simply have to put up with a certain amount of pain , or put up with a distressing or absent sex life .
When I finally got some information ( thank God for the internet ! )
I discovered vulvodynia was a relatively common condition that affects about 15 % of the UK ’s female population .
So why was I failed so badly by many of the doctors I saw and the medical literature ?
It ’s not just a side effect of the mechanical view of the body that underpins Western medicine .
My acupuncturist and Chinese herbal medicine doctor who listened to me describe my condition for quite some time , asked how long it was since I ’d had sex ?
When I replied ‘ seven years ’ , she exclaimed , “ Your poor husband ! ” Indeed .
Just go right ahead and reinforce all my years of guilt , sexual inadequacy and lack of confidence .
Cheers .
Thanks very much .
Alternative medicine : treating the whole person ….
The solutions offered ( nerve ablation anyone ?
You wo n’t feel anything , but you ’ll be able to have sex ! ) , and the views of the medical establishment have constantly reinforced the view that intercourse , penetration , actual ‘ proper ’ fucking you know – not just that twiddling around with each other – is the ultimate goal
Why are these types of conditions not talked about amongst women either ?
I tried to talk to my mother about it , but it was clear she was simply embarrassed and as ignorant as I was .
I think in many ways this crystalised the sense of shame I felt , that somehow I was responsible for my condition and it was not something that could be spoken about in detail .
And yet why ?
It has a physiological , medical diagnosis – no different from a bad back or a broken leg .
( And why was this so important to me as well – that my condition have a physiological root rather than an emotional one !?
Surely both are valid ?
But the psyche – that traditionally feminine realm is not really taken seriously is it ? )
My closest friends to whom I mentioned the problem seemed mystified ( lucky them ) and made kind of awkward , unhelpful comments such as , “ How is your boyfriend dealing with it ?
I think mine would leave me if we could n’t have sex – he [ meaning my boyfriend ] must be really fantastic . ”
And he was .
Still is .
He has been my continuing support throughout all of this , never once blaming me or allowing his frustration to target me ( as I know many other men in similar situations have done ) .
But .
The nagging implication of their words was … he ’s only human .
He ’s only a man .
And everyone knows what men want , yes ?
What they need .
And here is the crux of the problem , that despite improvements in the level of my chronic pain over the years , I ’ve never felt able or pain free enough to resume penetrative sex .
And unfortunately the solutions offered ( nerve ablation anyone ?
You wo n’t feel anything , but you ’ll be able to have sex ! ) , and the views of the medical establishment have constantly reinforced the view that intercourse , penetration , actual ‘ proper ’ fucking you know – not just that twiddling around with each other – is the ultimate goal .
The norm .
And I have accepted that – desperate to be able to have a ‘ normal ’ sex life again ( despite the fact that it was never orgasmic for me when we were able to do it – in stark contrast to our sexual relationship now ) .
I was horrified to read self - help books on this topic that seemed to advocate attempting penetration , even with a degree of pain ( “ some women find they can tolerate / manage … ” ) .
Who were these women forcing themselves to engage in sexual activity that hurt them !?
Perhaps victims of the phallocentric view of male sexuality that has somehow come to represent for us all , the sad pinnacle of sexual attainment .
I never forced myself to do it .
I ’m not stupid .
If it hurts I ’m not doing it .
But I felt the overwhelming guilt that I was somehow denying my husband a rich and full sexual life .
I hated myself .
There is a part of him , deep down that is entwined with this belief that penetration is inextricably linked to his masculinity , his sense of identity as a ‘ real ’ man
The ridiculous thing is that actually , this inability to have intercourse has probably resulted in a far more satisfying sexual relationship .
Thankfully I never properly lost my libido ( although understandably it wanes from time to time in the face of pain ) and ability to orgasm .
So we have spent many hours exploring each other ’s bodies in a very different way to ‘ normal sex ’ .
My husband has often said how intimate he finds our sexual relationship – and certainly this has preserved a strong sense of the erotic over our 10 years together .
Perhaps having problems also forced us to confront and discuss things that otherwise would have gone unsaid – we had no option but to speak about things in detail .
When we do have sex both of us will come ( I ’m often struck how many women seem to report this is not the case – particularly during penetrative intercourse – and wonder : how did your relationship end up so one sided ? ) and certainly neither of us would say that our sex life is unsatisfying !
And yet , still I feel the pressure , the desire to achieve a ‘ normal ’ sexual relationship .
I persist with the anaesthetics and the vaginal dilators even though this can sometimes be uncomfortable and anxiety - inducing , and has never actually resulted in me being able to face intercourse .
Interestingly , when I tell people ( hospital consultants or friends ) that my husband and I have a great sexual relationship despite our problems , they do not really seem to take it seriously or believe me .
If I ’m brutally honest , I think I have reached a point where maybe I would be quite happy if we just continued as we are , and we accepted that we were never going to have penetrative sex again .
But I do n’t think my husband is there yet .
Partly I guess , because he ’s not in pain so everything ’s in working order so to speak , but also because there is a part of him , deep down that is entwined with this belief that penetration is inextricably linked to his masculinity , his sense of identity as a ‘ real ’ man .
I do n’t think he has ever discussed our problems with anyone apart from me , which actually I think is pretty sad and difficult for him .
I ’m not sure any of his male friends would understand , although perhaps I am doing them a disservice .
Ultimately these past 10 years , all the pain , angst and suffering , could have been alleviated to a huge degree if we had not been so socialised into acceptance of the patriarchal , penis - focussed version of sexuality ; if we had received the message from those medical experts and the rest of society that : it does n’t matter if you ca n’t have penetrative sex .
Enjoy what you have .
You ’re not abnormal .
So what ?
Photo by styler* , shared on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
* Financial system would have “ buckled ” under AIG collapse
* Collapse would have “ wrought economic havoc ”
( adds quotes , details , background )
WASHINGTON , Jan 26 ( Reuters ) - Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson staunchly defended the decision to rescue troubled insurer American International Group Inc AIG.N in 2008 and said he and others involved acted properly .
In testimony prepared for a hearing on Wednesday of the U.S. House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee , Paulson said he , Timothy Geithner who then was president of the New York Federal Reserve bank , and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke acted properly because the situation was dire .
“ If AIG collapsed , it would have buckled our financial system and wrought economic havoc on the lives of millions of our citizens , ” said Paulson , who headed Treasury from 2006 - 2009 in the former Bush administration .
The hearing is to examine how AIG handled payments to banks that were counterparties for credit default swaps that AIG had issued and to examine why it paid 100 cents on the dollar to settle them rather than getting a discount .
Questions also have been raised by Republican committee members whether Geithner had any role in advising AIG on the payments and on whether or not to fully divulge the amounts it was paying to banks like Paulson 's old firm , Goldman Sachs GS.N .
“ I was not involved in any of the decisions made with respect to those payments , nor was I involved in any of the decisions about AIG ’s public disclosure of those payments , ” Paulson said .
He is set to release his book , “ On the Brink , ” which is about the financial crisis on Feb 1 .
He repeated that there was no effective way to wind down AIG because there was n’t -- and still is not -- a resolution authority that can deal with a failing far - flung financial enterprise of AIG ’s scope .
“ We had to intervene , and I am thankful that we did , ” Paulson said .
More than $ 180 billion of taxpayers ’ funds eventually were invested in bailing out AIG , which Paulson said was both “ a mismanaged and misguided enterprise . ”
He urged Congress to work on modernizing the regulatory structure by creating a systemic risk regulator and a resolution authority that could , if necessary , handle the liquidation of a failing company like AIG and do so without destabilizing the whole financial system .
( Reporting by Glenn Somerville ; editing by Leslie Gevirtz )
LEGALIZE HARD DRUGS by Katie Addleman , This Magazine
Addicted To Failure
The War on Drugs has funnelled billions into the pockets of criminals , and drug use is higher than ever .
Time to kick the habit
Shortly after Vancouver was named the host of the 2010 Olympics , Naomi Klein was seething about injustice again .
" The Vancouver - Whistler Olympic bid presented the province of British Columbia as a model of harmonious , sustainable living , a place where everyone gets along , " she wrote in 2003 .
After 9 - 11 , the city had sold itself to the International Olympic Committee as the " Safety and Security Candidate . a place where nothing ever happens . "
It was a false image , and Klein feared that the darker realities of life in B.C. would remain unexposed to the international community .
She need n't have worried .
Six years later , just as the world was turning an eye on Vancouver in advance of the coming Olympic carnival , the city was full of guns .
The murder rate between January and March was unprecedented : 47 shootings , 19 of them fatal - twice as many as five years previous .
The U.K.'s Sunday Times ran an article calling Vancouver " Murder City . "
Vancouver police chief Jim Chu summed up the situation for a panicking public : " There is a gang war , and it 's brutal . "
The UN Office on Drugs and Crime released its 2009 World Drug Report in late June , naming the west coast of Canada as a hub of the international drug trade and B.C. 's organized crime groups as largely responsible .
By this time , the violence had died down and not much attention was paid to connecting this new information about B.C. 's pivotal role in world drug traffic and the war that Chu had identified three months earlier .
The link between gang warfare , the manufacture and export of illicit drugs , and the fact of those drugs ' very illegality was , meanwhile , barely mentioned at all .
After years of attacking the symptoms of the ( increasingly ludicrously named ) " war on drugs , " it 's time to stop and consider what would actually end the murders , gang wars , smuggling , petty arrests , and drug - related deaths that afflict us .
The answer is to attack the root of the problem : prohibition itself .
In October 2007 , six men were found dead in an apartment in the Vancouver neighbourhood of Surrey .
The 48 investigators charged with solving the crime appealed to the public and the victims ' families , asking for any information that could lead to arrests .
It was obvious to everyone that four of these six murders were n't random .
The two remaining victims had been caught in the crossfire and killed accidentally .
These were executions .
Vancouver had long supported a substantial criminal economy , but the case of the Surrey Six marked the beginning of a precipitous rise in gang - related violence .
In the months that followed , the headlines of local papers became increasingly macabre ; by the time I arrived in Vancouver at the end of 2008 , I felt I 'd landed in Gotham City : Three Slayings Within 24 Hours , the papers screamed ; Man Gunned Down in East Vancouver ; Grieving Mom Begs for Public 's Help ; Four Fatal Shootings Lead Cops to Expect More .
At the beginning of 2009 , one year before the Olympics would make Vancouver the focus of every news outlet in the world , people were being shot on a nearly daily basis .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper responded with the hardline approach typical of conservative politics : more convictions , longer sentences .
The proposed legislation called for more of the same , its coup de grace being a mandate that all gang - related killings be called first - degree murder and carry minimum jail terms of 25 years .
Harper announced his proposal in Vancouver at the end of February , affecting a " we 'll take care of it " demeanour that aimed to calm the public and the international media , who were now swarming on the story of Gangland Vancouver .
There was nothing to worry about , he said .
The escalating violence should n't concern those planning to attend the 2010 Olympic Games .
( They 'd install 15,000 police officers , working morning to night ! )
Later that day , Cory Stephen Konkin , 30 , was shot in his car in Maple Ridge .
He was followed by four more murder victims in the five days that followed .
" They have to appear to be doing something , " says Jerry Paradis of the Harper government 's fledgling recourse .
" They can't just admit they are at a loss on how to deal with the issue . "
Paradis , who served as a judge on the Provincial Court of British Columbia between 1975 and 2003 , has become an outspoken critic of governments ' law and order policies , and particularly their proven ineffectiveness in preventing gang violence .
He points to the various " task forces " that have been created and re-created over the years as examples of this failure - when one proves ineffectual , it is replaced by another that looks remarkably similar : the Integrated Gang Task Force , implemented in 2004 , was followed in 2007 by the Violence Suppression Team .
The violence not having been suppressed , Premier Gordon Campbell is now allocating funds to identical squads in Kelowna and Prince George , to be developed over the next three years at a cost of $ 23 million per year .
Paradis points to the failed anti-gang measures of the United States , which bear a strong resemblance to those our own government would adopt .
" The federal and many state penal systems that adopted mandatory minimums are withdrawing from that approach , " he says .
" In California , devotion to quick - fix measures like three - strikes laws and widespread minimums have nearly bankrupted the government , while having no perceptible effect on crime . "
Why do we continually fall back on tactics that do n't work ?
Aside from the share of votes garnered through " tough on crime " posturing , gangs are exceedingly problematic to combat .
" Their airtight culture , their shifting alliances , and , most important , the fear they spread make gangs exceedingly difficult to successfully investigate and prosecute , " says Paradis .
" Surveillance , infiltration , and intelligence seem to be the keys - and those can be extremely delicate and costly . "
No government in the world has the resources necessary to quash gang activity through these conventional means .
Policy makers need to put on their creative thinking caps , and then ready themselves for a revolution .
The solution to the problem - legalization - is nothing if not divisive .
The concentration of violence was unprecedented in Vancouver .
But gang violence is nothing new ; gangs are volatile entities , their hierarchies often disrupted by death or imprisonment , their members sensitive to power fluctuations occurring in like organizations all over the globe .
When a cartel boss flaps his wings in Mexico City , a typhoon of violence can erupt in Surrey , B.C. According to a study on organized crime in British Columbia prepared by the RCMP 's Criminal Analysis Section in 2005 , as of that year there were 108 street gangs operating in B.C. Today 's estimates place the number higher , at 160 .
And it will continue to rise ; there 's money enough to support hundreds of these organizations .
It 's not hard to turn a dime when you 're invested in the world 's most lucrative market .
Michael C. Chettleburgh , a criminal policy consultant in Ottawa and Canada 's foremost authority on street gangs , posits that gang life offers various attractions - camaraderie , protection , a shared sense of identity , power - but that the opportunity to make vast amounts of money is undoubtedly its primary allure .
" The desire for money and the desire to make money quickly , by whatever means possible , are the combined drivers of street - gang activity , " he writes .
Street gangs derive their income from myriad illegal activities , but selling drugs is far and away their greatest profit source .
( Studies conducted by the RCMP , CSIS , and the Fraser Institute , among others , consistently produce findings to this effect . )
Though the worth of any black market is impossible to calculate exactly , the UN puts the yearly value of the worldwide drug trade at somewhere between US $ 150 and US $ 400 billion .
That 's one - eighth of the world 's international trade , according to UN studies .
Only the textile industry yields similar gains .
" This kind of gang violence is always very cyclical , " Const .
David Bratzer told me in the measured , helpful tone of a schoolteacher , when I reached him at his home in Victoria and asked for his take on the current crisis .
" It 's related to control of the black market for drugs .
A lot of times , when you see this kind of violence , it 's because something has been destabilized : a leader 's been arrested or shot , and now his subordinates or other groups are fighting to control that black market and all those tax - free profits . "
Whether violence is up or down at a given moment is inconsequential ; it will continue to rise and abate in endless waves as long as there are gangs , and there will be gangs as long as organized crime is profitable .
Still , in the early months of 2009 , politicians and police were compelled to offer more pointed explanations for the latest explosion .
Most spoke broadly of internal power struggles or disruptions to the drug supply , while some , like RCMP Supt .
Pat Fogarty , placed the blame squarely on the ongoing Mexican drug war .
None of this reasoning is invalid , but it skirts the larger truth : people were dying , and killing , for money .
Or , more accurately , enough money to buy a country .
Ounce for ounce , marijuana is worth more than gold , and heroin more than uranium .
Yet it 's only as a direct result of international policy that drugs are so valuable ; if they were n't illegal , they 'd be worthless .
Prohibition floats the drug trade by raising potential profits to astronomical levels , and the drug trade in turn floats the gangs who control it .
" Because of .
their illegality and associated criminal sanctions , " writes Chettleburgh , " those willing to trade in them - drug cartels , organized crime syndicates , so - called narco - terrorist groups and street gangs - can demand high prices and derive great profits . "
Great profits is an understatement .
Everything in the drug trade is profit .
Manufacturers , who buy from farmers , incur virtually no overhead .
They 're buying plants - weeds , in fact - that will grow nearly anywhere .
From the point of production to the point of purchase , the value of their product can increase by as much as 17,000 percent .
By contrast , the markup on retail goods is generally closer to 100 percent .
This is what Canada , and all other governments who support prohibition policy , fail to grasp : drug dealing is a profession , and its potential earnings guarantee an endless supply of hopeful employees .
Harsher criminal penalties have n't stopped it , and wo n't stop it , because the number of dealers will never diminish .
Locking up one does n't remove one from the street ; it creates a job opening that hundreds of people are waiting to fill .
In his wildest imaginings , Stephen Harper could not envision an effective deterrent to this fact .
" You 're talking about a profession where people accept a risk of being murdered , execution - style , as an occupational hazard , " said Bratzer .
" How is a mandatory minimum sentence going to deter a person who already accepts the risk of being shot and having their body dumped in a car ? "
In British Columbia , the marijuana trade alone accounts for five percent of the GDP , placing it alongside forestry and mining in economic significance .
It employs 250,000 people and is worth $ 7 billion annually .
Police have busted thousands of grow - ops in eradication campaigns over the past 10 years , finding particular success with the Electric Fire Safety Initiative , a four - year - old project that partners B.C. Hydro with the fire department and the RCMP to track down growops through notable spikes in private electricity usage .
Yet the industry continues to thrive .
The number of plants in B.C. is actually proliferating ; the RCMP estimates there are currently 20,000 province - wide .
The webpage of the City of Richmond , B.C. , includes helpful hints for landlords wishing to prevent their properties from becoming marijuana farms .
The Criminal Intelligence Service of British Columbia confirms " marijuana cultivation is the most pervasive and lucrative organized crime activity " in the province , but goes on to remind us that local methamphetamine production is nothing to pooh - pooh ; it 's making a strong push to the top , " expanding at a rate similar to the early growth of the marijuana industry . "
It 's little wonder that the province can support so many gangs .
And while , in Chettleburgh 's words , Canadians demonstrate a " robust interest " in consuming illicit drugs ( a 2004 study by the Canadian Centre on Substance Abuse leaves little room for interpretation ) , it must be noted that 90 to 95 percent of the illegal drugs produced in Canada are eventually sold in external markets .
This is not unique to Canada , but representative of the trade .
The drug market is borderless , and links every crime ring in the world to every other : grow - ops in Canada are guarded by American guns , which are sold to Canadians to finance purchases of cocaine , which is sold to Mexicans by Colombian manufacturers , and then ferried across the border by American importers , who trade it with Canadians for B.C. - grown marijuana , who sell it for guns to protect their growops , ad infinitum .
Variations on the model are unlimited ; supply lines and products traded change along with profit margins , power structures , and government patrol barriers .
What remains constant is a competitive economic system , controlled by people under immense pressure and concerned only with profit potential .
Violence is the natural by - product of such a system - in Vancouver , in Phoenix , in Ciudad Juarez .
It is a global problem .
Jack Cole is the executive director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , an international organization comprised of police chiefs and officers , former mayors and governors , criminal justice policy experts , MPs , retired senators and judges , and the former attorney general of Colombia , among others .
Its mandate is to legitimize a fringe position on drug policy : legalize .
Legalize everything .
" I 'd say this is about business as usual , " Cole said of the violence raging from Mexico to Canada .
We had finally gotten the chance to speak ;
Cole travels endlessly for LEAP , within the U.S. and internationally , presenting to professional , civic , religious , and governing bodies , including the UN , on the proven dangers of prohibition and the necessity of ending it .
He estimates that he has given his speech , " End Prohibition Now , " more than 800 times .
The International Harm Reduction Association selected it as one of the world 's finest documents on policing and harm reduction .
Our conversation had been preceded by numerous emails .
The last one , genial as always , concluded , " Attached are some of the things that would not exist if we had legalized regulation of drugs . "
I opened the attachment .
It was an article from a recent issue of the London Telegraph .
" Henchman of Mexican Drug Lord Dissolved 300 Bodies in Acid , " read the headline .
I did n't read any further .
Cole 's position was clear enough .
When we spoke the next day I was surprised by his tone : warm , patient , patently American .
It made his pro-legalization talk all the more intriguing .
" It was worse than this at given times in the past , " he said .
" In Colombia , for instance .
Most people were n't following it , but when you look at the number of people murdered in Colombia back in late ' 80s and early ' 90s .
I mean , the drug cartels actually attacked the federal courthouse , and for several days held hostages there .
They killed a whole bunch of judges . "
For all of the apocalyptic talk at the beginning of the year , gang violence was not , internationally , the worst it had been - just the closest to home .
" The fact of the matter is , that all this would end , it would all be over within a day , if we legalized and regulated these drugs , " Cole said .
Not everyone agrees .
Darryl Plecas , a professor of Criminology and Criminal Justice at the University of Fraser Valley and the RCMP Research Chair in Crime Reduction , argues widely for continued prohibition and prosecution of producers and traffickers .
" Things are changing , thanks very much , without a change in policy on prohibition , " he told me when I reached him on the ferry from Vancouver Island to the mainland .
" Cocaine , crystal meth - we wiped that problem off the planet .
It 's vanished .
There were all kinds of people using meth , then there was an all - out assault [ by government and law enforcement agencies ] .
What it takes is clever education . "
The UN World Drug Report naming Canada as one of the largest exporters of crystal meth had not yet been released at the time of our conversation .
Plecas , who has twice participated in the prestigious Oxford Round Table , an annual forum on public policy at Oxford University , also takes a moral stance against legalization , arguing the harmful effects of drugs on users and their communities .
" Do we want to facilitate , condone that ? " he asks .
When I put forward the standard argument that marijuana has proven less harmful than alcohol , he responds that there is " mounting medical evidence of the harms of marijuana use .
Nobody 's getting schizophrenia from drinking .
You can backtrack from alcoholism .
You 're not returning from schizophrenia . "
This , in effect , is the centre of the prohibitionists ' argument .
Drugs are not just dangerous , but demonic ; if they were n't , it would be very hard to justify their illegality .
" People have , to some extent , been hoodwinked by the misinformation put out there by the prohibitionists , " says Jeffrey Miron , a Harvard economist who has been studying the unintended consequences of prohibition for 15 years .
" This is the claim that drug use is very , very horribly bad for you , the implication that it 's always and necessarily bad for you , as opposed to the more accurate view that , like alcohol , dose makes a difference and lots of people can use in moderation and use responsibly , " he says .
" They do n't seem to want to think about the fact that some people misuse alcohol and do stupid things , but millions of people do n't misuse alcohol and use it in moderation .
And they assume that somehow drugs would be different , that we would only get the extreme cases .
But the evidence does n't suggest that .
I do n't know why more people do n't recognize that . "
So while Plecas says prohibitionists " should get their moral compass out , " Miron , Cole , and a growing number of politicians , economists , criminologists and police officers ( particularly in the wake of President Obama 's election to the White House , as the new administration is seen as more amenable to logic ) are putting forward the idea that legalization represents the most ethical solution to the drug problem .
It is founded on a singular fact , irrefutable in the face of a century of gathered evidence : prohibition has made everything worse .
From crime to corruption to instances of overdose , prohibition has left us less safe , sicker , and poorer than before , and all at tremendous expense .
Governments everywhere have essentially spent billions ramping up social ills .
It is one of the hideous ironies of our age .
As drugs and their use predate prohibition , the social implications of the policy can be easily traced .
The first instance of anti-drug legislation in Canada was the Anti-Opium Act , passed in 1908 .
British Columbia was then roughly 20 percent Chinese .
One year earlier , an anti-Asian riot had torn through Vancouver , and the practice of placing head taxes on Chinese immigrants , first instituted in 1884 , was at its peak .
The Anti-Opium
Act was plainly born of racist sentiment masquerading as a public safety initiative , as drug use in general was hardly stigmatized during this period .
Throughout the Victorian era , one could dabble in cocaine , morphine , and heroin , whether instructed to do so by a doctor or no ( physicians regularly prescribed all three ) , without wandering outside the border of mainstream practice .
In his book Chasing Dragons : Security , Identity , and Illicit Drugs in Canada , author Kyle Grayson writes that " public disapproval of opium arose not from the effects of the drug itself , but rather from its association with a group perceived as biologically and culturally inferior . "
Opium was identified with Chinese immigrants and labourers , and , worse than that , with the corruption of white women at the hands of Chinese opium merchants .
While other drugs were an acceptable good time , opium was foreign , un-Christian , and threatening .
" It is important to remember that the publicly stated rationale for the Opium Act , the legislation that made further acts possible , did not have to do with the potentially harmful effects of opium .
Rather , it was based on reports of the narcotic 's ' dire influence ' - specifically , on reports that young white women had been found in an opium den . "
By 1911 , as Canadians were first starting to carve out a cultural identity , drug use of all kinds had begun to be seen as " improper , " not " Canadian , " and a symptom of moral deterioration .
This new conception , spearheaded by culturally conservative journalists and politicians , led to the Opium and Narcotic Drug Act , a broader version of its predecessor , which included a clause permitting for the later addition of other drugs .
In 1923 , marijuana made the list .
No reason was given .
The trend continued , and the production , sale , and consumption of opium , cocaine , heroin , and marijuana were all eventually entirely criminalized , with other narcotics similarly banned as they appeared .
The result ?
Just over 100 years after the misinformed creation of Canada 's first drug law , production is up , usage is up , crime is up , prices and ill - gotten profits are up .
Prohibition has had none of its intended effects , and has instead served its targets .
There is a kind of poetic justice here : we 've seen that prohibition was based on a bogus theory , and as befits all ill - founded practices , it failed demonstrably .
The solution is to end it .
We 've lost much to fear campaigns ( " Drugs kill ! " ) and plain delusion ( " We can achieve a drug - free world ! " ) , but the population can be re-educated .
The majority of the Canadian public already supports legalized marijuana , but a 2009 Angus Reid Strategies poll indicates that only eight percent favour legalization of hard drugs .
We are uneasy with the idea of the government supplying the public with drugs ; there are too many attendant moral questions .
But legalization , though not ideal , remains what the Economist calls the " least bad policy . "
The trouble will be getting the public to vocally support it , and finding politicians willing to stand for it .
" There has to be some fundamental change in people 's attitudes toward drugs , " says Miron .
" It 's not obvious where that change will come from , unless a mainstream politician or a mainstream figure , a respected figure , stands up and says , ' This policy 's idiotic . ' "
Nowhere is the sale and production of drugs a legal activity .
Prohibition remains a fact of life in every country in the world , but the decriminalization policies of some places - most notably Switzerland , Portugal , and the Netherlands - are so comprehensive as to give us an idea of what life in a drug - law - free zone might look like .
The Swiss have been treating heroin as a health problem since 1994 .
There were 23 clinics in the country where addicts could go up to three times a day to inject government - supplied heroin in 2007 .
The drug is provided on a sliding monetary scale .
If an addict can pay for it , he or she does ; if not , it 's free .
The crime rate went down by 60 percent .
Portugal shocked the international community and its own citizens when it decriminalized the possession of all drugs in 2001 , becoming the first country in Europe to do so .
A report published earlier this year by the Cato Institute , a U.S. - based think tank , concluded that the policy change had led to lowered instances of drug trafficking , sexually transmitted diseases , and overdose deaths , and an increase in the number of adults registered in addiction treatment programs .
In the Netherlands , where soft drugs have been all but legal since 1976 , the per capita usage of marijuana and hash is half what it is the U.S. Studies also suggest that the Netherlands per capita usage of hard drugs and homicide rates are one - quarter less than those of the U.S .
While we do n't have examples of successful legalization to look to , most policy makers , researchers , consultants , and activists envision it as combination of governmental drug production and distribution and harm - reduction initiatives .
The government would manufacture the products , standardizing them for purity ; supply them to the public in government - operated stores like the LCBO or B.C. Liquor .
and use the profits from taxation to treat and ease addiction through rehabilitation programs and safe - injection sites .
" There are lots of different ways it could be implemented , " says Miron .
" It could be implemented by medicalizing it , meaning change the rules so that medical provision was not much supervised , so doctors could prescribe relatively freely , in which case just as many people can go and get Prozac ; if they go to a psychiatrist and act as though they need it , people will be able to go to doctors and say , ' My back hurts , ' or ' I have anxiety , ' and be able to get prescriptions for morphine or methadone or marijuana or whatever .
But it would still be open to the views of the enforcers about whether or not to allow wide - scale medical distribution .
I think the better model is alcohol - sold by private companies , advertised , subject to age restrictions and some taxes , but just a legal commodity like anything else .
There 's no reason it has to be treated any differently than Starbucks or Budweiser . "
Whatever the model we choose , drugs cannot continue to be treated as they are .
We 've avoided it as long as possible , but it 's time to look the ethical maze in the mouth and navigate our way through it , because to continue to pretend that we can extricate ourselves from this war through the traditional crime - and - punishment avenues of the Canadian justice system is to continue to line the pockets of those who would slay us in Surrey , if only by accident .
MAP posted - by : Jo-D
Addicted To FailureThe War on Drugs has funnelled billions into the pockets of criminals , and drug use is higher than ever .
Time to kick the habitShortly after Vancouver was named the host of the 2010 Olympics , Naomi Klein was seething about injustice again .
" The Vancouver - Whistler Olympic bid presented the province of British Columbia as a model of harmonious , sustainable living , a place where everyone gets along , " she wrote in 2003 .
After 9 - 11 , the city had sold itself to the International Olympic Committee as the " Safety and Security Candidate . a place where nothing ever happens . "
It was a false image , and Klein feared that the darker realities of life in B.C. would remain unexposed to the international community .
She need n't have worried .
Six years later , just as the world was turning an eye on Vancouver in advance of the coming Olympic carnival , the city was full of guns .
The murder rate between January and March was unprecedented : 47 shootings , 19 of them fatal - twice as many as five years previous .
The U.K.'s Sunday Times ran an article calling Vancouver " Murder City . "
Vancouver police chief Jim Chu summed up the situation for a panicking public : " There is a gang war , and it 's brutal .
" The UN Office on Drugs and Crime released its 2009 World Drug Report in late June , naming the west coast of Canada as a hub of the international drug trade and B.C. 's organized crime groups as largely responsible .
By this time , the violence had died down and not much attention was paid to connecting this new information about B.C. 's pivotal role in world drug traffic and the war that Chu had identified three months earlier .
The link between gang warfare , the manufacture and export of illicit drugs , and the fact of those drugs ' very illegality was , meanwhile , barely mentioned at all .
After years of attacking the symptoms of the ( increasingly ludicrously named ) " war on drugs , " it 's time to stop and consider what would actually end the murders , gang wars , smuggling , petty arrests , and drug - related deaths that afflict us .
The answer is to attack the root of the problem : prohibition itself .
In October 2007 , six men were found dead in an apartment in the Vancouver neighbourhood of Surrey .
The 48 investigators charged with solving the crime appealed to the public and the victims ' families , asking for any information that could lead to arrests .
It was obvious to everyone that four of these six murders were n't random .
The two remaining victims had been caught in the crossfire and killed accidentally .
These were executions .
Vancouver had long supported a substantial criminal economy , but the case of the Surrey Six marked the beginning of a precipitous rise in gang - related violence .
In the months that followed , the headlines of local papers became increasingly macabre ; by the time I arrived in Vancouver at the end of 2008 , I felt I 'd landed in Gotham City : Three Slayings Within 24 Hours , the papers screamed ; Man Gunned Down in East Vancouver ; Grieving Mom Begs for Public 's Help ; Four Fatal Shootings Lead Cops to Expect More .
At the beginning of 2009 , one year before the Olympics would make Vancouver the focus of every news outlet in the world , people were being shot on a nearly daily basis .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper responded with the hardline approach typical of conservative politics : more convictions , longer sentences .
The proposed legislation called for more of the same , its coup de grace being a mandate that all gang - related killings be called first - degree murder and carry minimum jail terms of 25 years .
Harper announced his proposal in Vancouver at the end of February , affecting a " we 'll take care of it " demeanour that aimed to calm the public and the international media , who were now swarming on the story of Gangland Vancouver .
There was nothing to worry about , he said .
The escalating violence should n't concern those planning to attend the 2010 Olympic Games .
( They 'd install 15,000 police officers , working morning to night ! )
Later that day , Cory Stephen Konkin , 30 , was shot in his car in Maple Ridge .
He was followed by four more murder victims in the five days that followed .
" They have to appear to be doing something , " says Jerry Paradis of the Harper government 's fledgling recourse .
" They can't just admit they are at a loss on how to deal with the issue . "
Paradis , who served as a judge on the Provincial Court of British Columbia between 1975 and 2003 , has become an outspoken critic of governments ' law and order policies , and particularly their proven ineffectiveness in preventing gang violence .
He points to the various " task forces " that have been created and re-created over the years as examples of this failure - when one proves ineffectual , it is replaced by another that looks remarkably similar : the Integrated Gang Task Force , implemented in 2004 , was followed in 2007 by the Violence Suppression Team .
The violence not having been suppressed , Premier Gordon Campbell is now allocating funds to identical squads in Kelowna and Prince George , to be developed over the next three years at a cost of $ 23 million per year .
Paradis points to the failed anti-gang measures of the United States , which bear a strong resemblance to those our own government would adopt .
" The federal and many state penal systems that adopted mandatory minimums are withdrawing from that approach , " he says .
" In California , devotion to quick - fix measures like three - strikes laws and widespread minimums have nearly bankrupted the government , while having no perceptible effect on crime .
"
Why do we continually fall back on tactics that do n't work ?
Aside from the share of votes garnered through " tough on crime " posturing , gangs are exceedingly problematic to combat .
" Their airtight culture , their shifting alliances , and , most important , the fear they spread make gangs exceedingly difficult to successfully investigate and prosecute , " says Paradis .
" Surveillance , infiltration , and intelligence seem to be the keys - and those can be extremely delicate and costly . "
No government in the world has the resources necessary to quash gang activity through these conventional means .
Policy makers need to put on their creative thinking caps , and then ready themselves for a revolution .
The solution to the problem - legalization - is nothing if not divisive .
The concentration of violence was unprecedented in Vancouver .
But gang violence is nothing new ; gangs are volatile entities , their hierarchies often disrupted by death or imprisonment , their members sensitive to power fluctuations occurring in like organizations all over the globe .
When a cartel boss flaps his wings in Mexico City , a typhoon of violence can erupt in Surrey , B.C. According to a study on organized crime in British Columbia prepared by the RCMP 's Criminal Analysis Section in 2005 , as of that year there were 108 street gangs operating in B.C. Today 's estimates place the number higher , at 160 .
And it will continue to rise ; there 's money enough to support hundreds of these organizations .
It 's not hard to turn a dime when you 're invested in the world 's most lucrative market .
Michael C. Chettleburgh , a criminal policy consultant in Ottawa and Canada 's foremost authority on street gangs , posits that gang life offers various attractions - camaraderie , protection , a shared sense of identity , power - but that the opportunity to make vast amounts of money is undoubtedly its primary allure .
" The desire for money and the desire to make money quickly , by whatever means possible , are the combined drivers of street - gang activity , " he writes .
Street gangs derive their income from myriad illegal activities , but selling drugs is far and away their greatest profit source .
( Studies conducted by the RCMP , CSIS , and the Fraser Institute , among others , consistently produce findings to this effect . )
Though the worth of any black market is impossible to calculate exactly , the UN puts the yearly value of the worldwide drug trade at somewhere between US $ 150 and US $ 400 billion .
That 's one - eighth of the world 's international trade , according to UN studies .
Only the textile industry yields similar gains .
" This kind of gang violence is always very cyclical , " Const .
David Bratzer told me in the measured , helpful tone of a schoolteacher , when I reached him at his home in Victoria and asked for his take on the current crisis .
" It 's related to control of the black market for drugs .
A lot of times , when you see this kind of violence , it 's because something has been destabilized : a leader 's been arrested or shot , and now his subordinates or other groups are fighting to control that black market and all those tax - free profits . "
Whether violence is up or down at a given moment is inconsequential ; it will continue to rise and abate in endless waves as long as there are gangs , and there will be gangs as long as organized crime is profitable .
Still , in the early months of 2009 , politicians and police were compelled to offer more pointed explanations for the latest explosion .
Most spoke broadly of internal power struggles or disruptions to the drug supply , while some , like RCMP Supt .
Pat Fogarty , placed the blame squarely on the ongoing Mexican drug war .
None of this reasoning is invalid , but it skirts the larger truth : people were dying , and killing , for money .
Or , more accurately , enough money to buy a country .
Ounce for ounce , marijuana is worth more than gold , and heroin more than uranium .
Yet it 's only as a direct result of international policy that drugs are so valuable ; if they were n't illegal , they 'd be worthless .
Prohibition floats the drug trade by raising potential profits to astronomical levels , and the drug trade in turn floats the gangs who control it .
" Because of .
their illegality and associated criminal sanctions , " writes Chettleburgh , " those willing to trade in them - drug cartels , organized crime syndicates , so - called narco - terrorist groups and street gangs - can demand high prices and derive great profits .
" Great profits is an understatement .
Everything in the drug trade is profit .
Manufacturers , who buy from farmers , incur virtually no overhead .
They 're buying plants - weeds , in fact - that will grow nearly anywhere .
From the point of production to the point of purchase , the value of their product can increase by as much as 17,000 percent .
By contrast , the markup on retail goods is generally closer to 100 percent .
This is what Canada , and all other governments who support prohibition policy , fail to grasp : drug dealing is a profession , and its potential earnings guarantee an endless supply of hopeful employees .
Harsher criminal penalties have n't stopped it , and wo n't stop it , because the number of dealers will never diminish .
Locking up one does n't remove one from the street ; it creates a job opening that hundreds of people are waiting to fill .
In his wildest imaginings , Stephen Harper could not envision an effective deterrent to this fact .
" You 're talking about a profession where people accept a risk of being murdered , execution - style , as an occupational hazard , " said Bratzer .
" How is a mandatory minimum sentence going to deter a person who already accepts the risk of being shot and having their body dumped in a car ?
"
In British Columbia , the marijuana trade alone accounts for five percent of the GDP , placing it alongside forestry and mining in economic significance .
It employs 250,000 people and is worth $ 7 billion annually .
Police have busted thousands of grow - ops in eradication campaigns over the past 10 years , finding particular success with the Electric Fire Safety Initiative , a four - year - old project that partners B.C. Hydro with the fire department and the RCMP to track down growops through notable spikes in private electricity usage .
Yet the industry continues to thrive .
The number of plants in B.C. is actually proliferating ; the RCMP estimates there are currently 20,000 province - wide .
The webpage of the City of Richmond , B.C. , includes helpful hints for landlords wishing to prevent their properties from becoming marijuana farms .
The Criminal Intelligence Service of British Columbia confirms " marijuana cultivation is the most pervasive and lucrative organized crime activity " in the province , but goes on to remind us that local methamphetamine production is nothing to pooh - pooh ; it 's making a strong push to the top , " expanding at a rate similar to the early growth of the marijuana industry . "
It 's little wonder that the province can support so many gangs .
And while , in Chettleburgh 's words , Canadians demonstrate a " robust interest " in consuming illicit drugs ( a 2004 study by the Canadian Centre on Substance Abuse leaves little room for interpretation ) , it must be noted that 90 to 95 percent of the illegal drugs produced in Canada are eventually sold in external markets .
This is not unique to Canada , but representative of the trade .
The drug market is borderless , and links every crime ring in the world to every other : grow - ops in Canada are guarded by American guns , which are sold to Canadians to finance purchases of cocaine , which is sold to Mexicans by Colombian manufacturers , and then ferried across the border by American importers , who trade it with Canadians for B.C. - grown marijuana , who sell it for guns to protect their growops , ad infinitum .
Variations on the model are unlimited ; supply lines and products traded change along with profit margins , power structures , and government patrol barriers .
What remains constant is a competitive economic system , controlled by people under immense pressure and concerned only with profit potential .
Violence is the natural by - product of such a system - in Vancouver , in Phoenix , in Ciudad Juarez .
It is a global problem .
Jack Cole is the executive director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , an international organization comprised of police chiefs and officers , former mayors and governors , criminal justice policy experts , MPs , retired senators and judges , and the former attorney general of Colombia , among others .
Its mandate is to legitimize a fringe position on drug policy : legalize .
Legalize everything .
" I 'd say this is about business as usual , " Cole said of the violence raging from Mexico to Canada .
We had finally gotten the chance to speak ;
Cole travels endlessly for LEAP , within the U.S. and internationally , presenting to professional , civic , religious , and governing bodies , including the UN , on the proven dangers of prohibition and the necessity of ending it .
He estimates that he has given his speech , " End Prohibition Now , " more than 800 times .
The International Harm Reduction Association selected it as one of the world 's finest documents on policing and harm reduction .
Our conversation had been preceded by numerous emails .
The last one , genial as always , concluded , " Attached are some of the things that would not exist if we had legalized regulation of drugs . "
I opened the attachment .
It was an article from a recent issue of the London Telegraph .
" Henchman of Mexican Drug Lord Dissolved 300 Bodies in Acid , " read the headline .
I did n't read any further .
Cole 's position was clear enough .
When we spoke the next day I was surprised by his tone : warm , patient , patently American .
It made his pro-legalization talk all the more intriguing .
" It was worse than this at given times in the past , " he said .
" In Colombia , for instance .
Most people were n't following it , but when you look at the number of people murdered in Colombia back in late ' 80s and early ' 90s .
I mean , the drug cartels actually attacked the federal courthouse , and for several days held hostages there .
They killed a whole bunch of judges . "
For all of the apocalyptic talk at the beginning of the year , gang violence was not , internationally , the worst it had been - just the closest to home .
" The fact of the matter is , that all this would end , it would all be over within a day , if we legalized and regulated these drugs , " Cole said .
Not everyone agrees .
Darryl Plecas , a professor of Criminology and Criminal Justice at the University of Fraser Valley and the RCMP Research Chair in Crime Reduction , argues widely for continued prohibition and prosecution of producers and traffickers .
" Things are changing , thanks very much , without a change in policy on prohibition , " he told me when I reached him on the ferry from Vancouver Island to the mainland .
" Cocaine , crystal meth - we wiped that problem off the planet .
It 's vanished .
There were all kinds of people using meth , then there was an all - out assault [ by government and law enforcement agencies ] .
What it takes is clever education . "
The UN World Drug Report naming Canada as one of the largest exporters of crystal meth had not yet been released at the time of our conversation .
Plecas , who has twice participated in the prestigious Oxford Round Table , an annual forum on public policy at Oxford University , also takes a moral stance against legalization , arguing the harmful effects of drugs on users and their communities .
" Do we want to facilitate , condone that ? " he asks .
When I put forward the standard argument that marijuana has proven less harmful than alcohol , he responds that there is " mounting medical evidence of the harms of marijuana use .
Nobody 's getting schizophrenia from drinking .
You can backtrack from alcoholism .
You 're not returning from schizophrenia .
" This , in effect , is the centre of the prohibitionists ' argument .
Drugs are not just dangerous , but demonic ; if they were n't , it would be very hard to justify their illegality .
" People have , to some extent , been hoodwinked by the misinformation put out there by the prohibitionists , " says Jeffrey Miron , a Harvard economist who has been studying the unintended consequences of prohibition for 15 years .
" This is the claim that drug use is very , very horribly bad for you , the implication that it 's always and necessarily bad for you , as opposed to the more accurate view that , like alcohol , dose makes a difference and lots of people can use in moderation and use responsibly , " he says .
" They do n't seem to want to think about the fact that some people misuse alcohol and do stupid things , but millions of people do n't misuse alcohol and use it in moderation .
And they assume that somehow drugs would be different , that we would only get the extreme cases .
But the evidence does n't suggest that .
I do n't know why more people do n't recognize that .
" So while Plecas says prohibitionists " should get their moral compass out , " Miron , Cole , and a growing number of politicians , economists , criminologists and police officers ( particularly in the wake of President Obama 's election to the White House , as the new administration is seen as more amenable to logic ) are putting forward the idea that legalization represents the most ethical solution to the drug problem .
It is founded on a singular fact , irrefutable in the face of a century of gathered evidence : prohibition has made everything worse .
From crime to corruption to instances of overdose , prohibition has left us less safe , sicker , and poorer than before , and all at tremendous expense .
Governments everywhere have essentially spent billions ramping up social ills .
It is one of the hideous ironies of our age .
As drugs and their use predate prohibition , the social implications of the policy can be easily traced .
The first instance of anti-drug legislation in Canada was the Anti-Opium Act , passed in 1908 .
British Columbia was then roughly 20 percent Chinese .
One year earlier , an anti-Asian riot had torn through Vancouver , and the practice of placing head taxes on Chinese immigrants , first instituted in 1884 , was at its peak .
The Anti-Opium
Act was plainly born of racist sentiment masquerading as a public safety initiative , as drug use in general was hardly stigmatized during this period .
Throughout the Victorian era , one could dabble in cocaine , morphine , and heroin , whether instructed to do so by a doctor or no ( physicians regularly prescribed all three ) , without wandering outside the border of mainstream practice .
In his book Chasing Dragons : Security , Identity , and Illicit Drugs in Canada , author Kyle Grayson writes that " public disapproval of opium arose not from the effects of the drug itself , but rather from its association with a group perceived as biologically and culturally inferior . "
Opium was identified with Chinese immigrants and labourers , and , worse than that , with the corruption of white women at the hands of Chinese opium merchants .
While other drugs were an acceptable good time , opium was foreign , un-Christian , and threatening .
" It is important to remember that the publicly stated rationale for the Opium Act , the legislation that made further acts possible , did not have to do with the potentially harmful effects of opium .
Rather , it was based on reports of the narcotic 's ' dire influence ' - specifically , on reports that young white women had been found in an opium den .
"
By 1911 , as Canadians were first starting to carve out a cultural identity , drug use of all kinds had begun to be seen as " improper , " not " Canadian , " and a symptom of moral deterioration .
This new conception , spearheaded by culturally conservative journalists and politicians , led to the Opium and Narcotic Drug Act , a broader version of its predecessor , which included a clause permitting for the later addition of other drugs .
In 1923 , marijuana made the list .
No reason was given .
The trend continued , and the production , sale , and consumption of opium , cocaine , heroin , and marijuana were all eventually entirely criminalized , with other narcotics similarly banned as they appeared .
The result ?
Just over 100 years after the misinformed creation of Canada 's first drug law , production is up , usage is up , crime is up , prices and ill - gotten profits are up .
Prohibition has had none of its intended effects , and has instead served its targets .
There is a kind of poetic justice here : we 've seen that prohibition was based on a bogus theory , and as befits all ill - founded practices , it failed demonstrably .
The solution is to end it .
We 've lost much to fear campaigns ( " Drugs kill ! " ) and plain delusion ( " We can achieve a drug - free world ! " ) , but the population can be re-educated .
The majority of the Canadian public already supports legalized marijuana , but a 2009 Angus Reid Strategies poll indicates that only eight percent favour legalization of hard drugs .
We are uneasy with the idea of the government supplying the public with drugs ; there are too many attendant moral questions .
But legalization , though not ideal , remains what the Economist calls the " least bad policy . "
The trouble will be getting the public to vocally support it , and finding politicians willing to stand for it .
" There has to be some fundamental change in people 's attitudes toward drugs , " says Miron .
" It 's not obvious where that change will come from , unless a mainstream politician or a mainstream figure , a respected figure , stands up and says , ' This policy 's idiotic .
'" Nowhere is the sale and production of drugs a legal activity .
Prohibition remains a fact of life in every country in the world , but the decriminalization policies of some places - most notably Switzerland , Portugal , and the Netherlands - are so comprehensive as to give us an idea of what life in a drug - law - free zone might look like .
The Swiss have been treating heroin as a health problem since 1994 .
There were 23 clinics in the country where addicts could go up to three times a day to inject government - supplied heroin in 2007 .
The drug is provided on a sliding monetary scale .
If an addict can pay for it , he or she does ; if not , it 's free .
The crime rate went down by 60 percent .
Portugal shocked the international community and its own citizens when it decriminalized the possession of all drugs in 2001 , becoming the first country in Europe to do so .
A report published earlier this year by the Cato Institute , a U.S. - based think tank , concluded that the policy change had led to lowered instances of drug trafficking , sexually transmitted diseases , and overdose deaths , and an increase in the number of adults registered in addiction treatment programs .
In the Netherlands , where soft drugs have been all but legal since 1976 , the per capita usage of marijuana and hash is half what it is the U.S. Studies also suggest that the Netherlands per capita usage of hard drugs and homicide rates are one - quarter less than those of the U.S.
While we do n't have examples of successful legalization to look to , most policy makers , researchers , consultants , and activists envision it as combination of governmental drug production and distribution and harm - reduction initiatives .
The government would manufacture the products , standardizing them for purity ; supply them to the public in government - operated stores like the LCBO or B.C. Liquor .
and use the profits from taxation to treat and ease addiction through rehabilitation programs and safe - injection sites .
" There are lots of different ways it could be implemented , " says Miron .
" It could be implemented by medicalizing it , meaning change the rules so that medical provision was not much supervised , so doctors could prescribe relatively freely , in which case just as many people can go and get Prozac ; if they go to a psychiatrist and act as though they need it , people will be able to go to doctors and say , ' My back hurts , ' or ' I have anxiety , ' and be able to get prescriptions for morphine or methadone or marijuana or whatever .
But it would still be open to the views of the enforcers about whether or not to allow wide - scale medical distribution .
I think the better model is alcohol - sold by private companies , advertised , subject to age restrictions and some taxes , but just a legal commodity like anything else .
There 's no reason it has to be treated any differently than Starbucks or Budweiser .
" Whatever the model we choose , drugs cannot continue to be treated as they are .
We 've avoided it as long as possible , but it 's time to look the ethical maze in the mouth and navigate our way through it , because to continue to pretend that we can extricate ourselves from this war through the traditional crime - and - punishment avenues of the Canadian justice system is to continue to line the pockets of those who would slay us in Surrey , if only by accident .
Pubdate : Sun , 01 Nov 2009
Source : This Magazine ( Canada )
Copyright : 2009 Red Maple Foundation
Contact : editor@thismagazine.ca
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/4450
Website : http://this.org/
Author : Katie Addleman
Sun , 01 Nov 2009
This Magazine ( Canada ) 2009 Red Maple FoundationKatie Addleman
Comprehensive residential and commercial closing services :
At Coleman , Chambers & Rogers , LLP , we want to be your closing attorney .
We are experienced , courteous and efficient , and our rates are as competitive as anyone in town .
We are agents of a national title insurance company , and have experience with both complex and simple transactions .
Whether you ’re a loan officer , real estate agent , or are buying or refinancing a home , we can assist you and your clients with all of your real estate needs .
EDは放置していても自然に治ることはなく、どこかのタイミングで必ず治療が必要になってきます。
それが薬の服用だけで治療できる軽症のうちにやるのか、それとも重症になって薬だけでは効かず手術まで必要とされるときなのか。
それを踏まえて、 「 あなたはどのタイミングで」EDを改善しようと思いますか？
もし軽症のうちに治しておきたいのであれば、オススメなのが「カマグラ」というED治療薬。
カマグラの効果はEDの改善ですが、それだけではなくセックスの満足度を高めるヒミツの効果も。
もともとの自分のステータス以上の勃起力を得られるので、続けて使用するたびにみるみる効果を実感できます。
ここではED治療でなぜカマグラが選ばれるのか？というメインテーマに加えて、自分にあった薬を選んでもらえるような提案ができればと思います。
カマグラはバイアグラのDNAを受け継いだ最強ツール
バイアグラは世界初のED治療薬で発売当初は夢の薬とまでいわれ、今もなお世界中に多くのユーザーを抱える大ヒット商品。
使ったこと、見たことがない人でも「 聞いたことがある 」
「何となく知っている」という強大なネームバリューをもったED治療薬です。
対してカマグラはそのバイアグラのDNAを受け継いだジェネリックで、同じ効果を持っていながら格安で購入が可能。
ジェネリックとは ？
先発薬をもとにして作られた後発薬で、大幅なコストカットができているので先発薬に比べて半額もしくは1／3の価格で安く買うことができる。
そのカマグラの有効成分はどんな作用でEDに効くのか？次章で詳しく説明していきます。
カマグラの作用はどんなもの？どんなしくみで効く？
カマグラの有効成分であるシルデナフィルの作用は「血管促進」で、それによってペニスへの血流量を増やし、勃起をしやすくします。
また、勃起のジャマをするペニス内のPDE5という物質を阻害するので、射精後もまた勃起がしやすい状態に。
カマグラを飲んでから効果が持続する時間は4～6時間なので、1時間に1回射精するにしても最低4回はイケる計算になります。
これまで1,2回の射精で一晩を終えていた方も、賢者モードの壁を超えて続けて勃起、射精することも可能に。
挿入時間も長くなるので、自分はもちろんパートナーの満足度も上がること間違いありません。
続いて次章では、なぜ他のED治療薬ではなくカマグラがいいのか？カマグラを選ぶメリットについてお話します。
他のED治療薬ではなく、カマグラを選ぶメリットとは？
EDの治療は長期的になることが多いので、自分にあったものでストレスなく続けられなければ意味がありません。
その点カマグラは、バイアグラと同じ効果を得られながらも、格安で購入でき、豊富なバリエーションから自分にあったものを選んで治療ができます。
続いて、さまざまなカマグラの種類について、紹介と説明をしていきます。
カマグラは種類が多く、飲みやすく楽しく続けられる
カマグラのもとになった薬はバイアグラですが、バイアグラの種類がたった1種に対して、カマグラは合計7種類ものバリエーションがあります。
これはジェネリックの特権でもあり、有効成分の量や効果などはそのままに、薬の味や形状・色・形などは変えてもいいというルールに基づいたもの。
価格帯はそこまで大きく変わらないので、本当に自分にはどれが試しやすそうか、続けられそうかという面で決めるといいかもしれません。
それぞれ順にピックアップしていきますので、自分にあうかどうかイメージやシュミレーションをしながら見てみてください。
薬の名前 即効性 飲み易さ カマグラ △ △ カマグラゴールド △ △ カマグ ラPOLO 〇 ◎ カマグラチュアブル 〇 ◎ カマグラゼリー ◎ ◎ カマグラ発泡錠 ◎ ◎ スーパーカマグラ △ △
カマグラ
内容 価格 50 mg × 4 錠 1,830 円
豊富なカマグラシリーズのなかでもっともベーシックな商品。とりあえず試してみようと思ったらこれで間違いありません。
カマグラゴール ド
内容 価格 50 mg × 4 錠 1,830 円
有効成分の配合量がカマグラの倍になった商品。価格は変わらないので、割って飲むのが面倒でなければ断然こちらがオススメ。
カマグ ラPOLO
内容 価格 100 m g ×4 錠 2,510 円
病院で処方されるトローチのようなタイプ。フルーツ味のお菓子感覚で服用できるので、錠剤の独特な風味が苦手な方にオススメ。
カマグラチュアブ ル
内容 価格 100 mg ×4 錠 2,240 円
キャンディのような感覚で、舐めたり噛み砕いたりして服用します。4種類とも違うフルーツ味なので、気分に合わせて味を選べるのが嬉しい。
カマグラゼリ ー
内容 価格 100 mg ×7 包 2,790 円
駄菓子屋に売っているゼリー菓子に近い触感で、カマグラチュアブルを超える7種類の味のバリエーションがあります。飲みやすくて即効性もあるのでオススメ。
カマグラ発泡 錠
内容 価格 100 mg ×7 錠 2,690 円
コップに水を張り1杯につき1錠を溶かして飲むタイプ。オレンジ風味がついているので、薄めのオレンジジュース感覚で服用できます。
スーパーカマグ ラ
内容 価格 160 mg ×4 錠 1,940 円
EDに加えて早漏も改善できるスグレモノ。内容量が多く割って飲んでも効くので経済的。
自分にあったカマグラ でED治療を
カマグラは他のED治療薬にはない豊富なバリエーションがあり、飲みやすさや効きやすさにも違いがあります。
そこで自分にあったカマグラを選んでみて、効果を実感できるか、続けられそうかという点で考えて自分にあったやり方でEDを治せるようにしていきましょう。
The ingredients for life as we know it have been found in the Orion Nebula .
By finely separating the spectrum of incoming light , astronomers are able to detect the chemical fingerprints of molecules like water and methanol .
The spectrograph that their work produces can be seen in the image above .
The peaks represent the presence of the molecule indicated .
The new data was collected by the Herschel Telescope , launched into space last year by the European Space Agency .
Herschel 's HiFi instrument uses a new technique to do more - sensitive spectroscopy .
It will enable scientists to better understand the chemistry of space .
The Orion Nebula is located about 1,300 light - years away .
No very active star - forming region is closer to Earth .
M42 , as the nebula is also known , is 24 light - years across .
Image : ESA , HEXOS , HIFI Consortium .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
The al - Qaeda leader issued two recordings in January A message said to be from Osama Bin Laden threatens to kill Americans if the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks is executed by the US .
Al - Jazeera news channel broadcast an audiotape reportedly from the al - Qaeda leader talking about Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other suspects .
The tape said that if the US made the decision to execute , al - Qaeda would also " execute " anyone it captured .
The five suspects are due to be tried in New York for the 2001 attacks .
Trial criticism
The taped message said : " The White House has declared its wish to execute ( Mr Mohammed and the other suspects ) .
The day the United States takes such a decision , it would be also taking the decision that any of you falling into our hands will be executed . "
The White House has been criticised for planning to put the five suspects on trial in New York .
Critics say the trial near the Ground Zero will be expensive and disruptive .
White House officials have yet to decide if the trial will take place in a federal courtroom , or in a military commission .
Prosecutors are expected to seek the death penalty , while White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said in January that Mr Mohammed was going to " meet his maker " if found guilty .
The Pentagon says Mr Mohammed has admitted to being responsible " from A to Z " for the attacks in New York and Washington .
Following his capture in Pakistan in 2003 , Mr Mohammed was held at a CIA secret prison , where he was subjected to harsh interrogation techniques and a practice known as " waterboarding " , which simulates drowning , until he was moved to Guantanamo Bay in 2006 .
' Rage of the oppressed '
In the tape broadcast on Thursday , the speaker said to be Bin Laden also accused US President Barack Obama of " following the footsteps of his predecessor " .
" The politicians in the White House were practising injustice against us and still they are - especially by supporting Israel in its continuous occupation of Palestine , " he said .
" They used to think that America across the oceans is protected from the rage of the oppressed until our reaction was loudly heard at your home on the 9/11 with God 's help . "
In a previous recording said to be of Bin Laden , broadcast by al - Jazeera in late January , he blamed the US for global warming .
A day earlier he praised the attempted bombing of a US airliner on 25 December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GRUB , no doubt is the most widely used Boot Loader on Linux .
So , a system ’s security is incomplete until its Boot Loader is secure .
The common way to secure GRUB is , “ password ” .
But , a “ cunning ” attacker can by - pass this security also and may gain access to your system , if password is NOT applied correctly to the “ grub.conf ” entries .
The main reasons to Password Protect the GRUB Boot Loader are :
1.Block Access to Single User mode .
2.Block Access to GRUB Console .
3.Block Access to Non-Secure OS such as DOS ( In case of Dual boot ) .
4.Block Booting of Particular Kernel or OS .
The Configuration file for GRUB is “ grub.conf ” and can be found under “ / boot / grub ” directory and by default it has entries like this :
# boot=/ dev/sda
default=0
timeout=10
splashimage= ( hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gz
hiddenmenu
title Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 )
root ( hd0,0 )
kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quiet
initrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686.img
title Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 )
root ( hd0,0 )
kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quiet
initrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686.img
[ [ email protected ] ~ ] # cat / boot / grub/grub.conf#boot=/dev/sdadefault=0timeout=10splashimage= (
hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gzhiddenmenutitle
Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686)root ( hd0,0 ) kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quietinitrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686.imgtitle Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686)root ( hd0,0 ) kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quietinitrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686.img [ email protected ] ~ ]#
Now , First of all we need a password .
For that , we will use “ / sbin/grub - md5 - crypt ” command , like this :
Now , we need to edit the / boot / grub / grub .conf file and add the following line below the timeout line :
password -- md5 < your - encrypted - password >
Replace the your - encrypted - password , with the password generated through the / sbin / grub - md5 - crypt command .
In my case it will be like this :
password –md5 $ 1$dYUlS / $WzIQzqcOmkxouCUWC0OU91
Now your file will look like this :
# boot=/ dev/sda
default=0
timeout=10
password --md5
splashimage= ( hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gz
hiddenmenu
title Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 )
root ( hd0,0 )
kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quiet
initrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686.img
title Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 )
root ( hd0,0 )
kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quiet
initrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686.img
[ [ email protected ] ~ ] # cat / boot / grub/grub.conf#boot=/dev/sdadefault=0timeout=10 password --md5splashimage= (
hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gzhiddenmenutitle
Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686)root ( hd0,0 ) kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quietinitrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686.imgtitle Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686)root ( hd0,0 ) kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quietinitrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686.img [ email protected ] ~ ]#
With this we have solved the first two problems .
Next time , when the system boots , no one will be able to access the GRUB Console and editor without providing the password .
Your system will still be able to boot normally to your default OS .
But the unauthorised person can still boot into the non-secure OS like DOS ( in case of dual - boot ) .
This can be avoided , by adding a line with the entry “ lock ” like this , below the title line of the non-secure OS :
title DOS
lock
This method is only successful , if you have implemented the password in the global section of the file ( like we have implemented above ) , otherwise the attacker will remove this entry , through the GRUB editor and boot your system with non-secure OS .
This solved the third case .
Now , if you wish to block the particular Kernel or OS from booting , without password , you can add the following lines below the title line of that particular OS .
title DOS
lock
password -- md5 < your - encrypted - password >
For example , i want to block my second entry from booting , without password .
I would add entries like this :
# boot=/ dev/sda
default=0
timeout=10
password --md5 $ 1$dYUlS / $WzIQzqcOmkxouCUWC0OU91
splashimage= ( hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gz
hiddenmenu
title Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 )
root ( hd0,0 )
kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quiet
initrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686.img
title Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 )
lock
password --md5 $ 1$dYUlS / $WzIQzqcOmkxouCUWC0OU91
root ( hd0,0 )
kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quiet
initrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686.img
[ [ email protected ] ~ ] # cat / boot / grub/grub.conf#boot=/dev/sdadefault=0timeout=10 password --md5 $ 1$dYUlS / $WzIQzqcOmkxouCUWC0OU91splashimage= (
hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gzhiddenmenutitle
Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686)root ( hd0,0 ) kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quietinitrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.22.fc12.i686.imgtitle Fedora ( 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686)lockpassword --md5 $ 1$dYUlS / $WzIQzqcOmkxouCUWC0OU91root ( hd0,0 ) kernel /vmlinuz - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686 ro root=/dev/mapper/vg_geekride-lv_root rhgb quietinitrd / initramfs - 2.6.31.12-174.2.3.fc12.i686.img [ email protected ] ~] #
Now , GRUB will show you a password prompt , whenever you try to boot your system , with this particular kernel or OS .
This resolves our fourth issue .
You still need to secure your BIOS , so that attacker or unauthorized user may NOT boot your system with a CD - ROM .
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
Wow .
On Monday , Catholic Bishops released a letter opposing the Senate health care reform bill because it did n't contain the Stupak language .
While they acknowledged differences with the Catholic Health Association , their message was clear : they were speaking as the official and authoritative voice of the Catholic Church .
This analysis of the flaws in the legislation is not completely shared by the leaders of the Catholic Health Association .
They believe , moreover , that the defects that they do recognize can be corrected after the passage of the final bill .
The bishops , however , judge that the flaws are so fundamental that they vitiate the good that the bill intends to promote .
Assurances that the moral objections to the legislation can be met only after the bill is passed seem a little like asking us , in Midwestern parlance , to buy a pig in a poke .
In a clear break with the bishops , 60 leaders of religious orders representing 59,000 nuns have joined with the Catholic Health Association to support the Senate bill as written .
The letter says that " despite false claims to the contrary , the Senate bill will not provide taxpayer funding for elective abortions . "
The letter says the legislation also will help support pregnant women and " this is the real pro-life stance . "
This is huge for a number of reasons .
The nuns signing this letter are the ones in the trenches , serving in Catholic hospitals and health care clinics across the nation .
They represent those who see the wreckage left behind when people are denied access to care until it 's too late , the damage done when poor women cannot get prenatal care , and when the sick are left to their own devices .
Even so , the word of the bishops is regarded as the word of the Church .
For these nuns to stand in defiance because they are truly pro-life , before and after birth , is a stunning eye - opening development .
Politically , Bart Stupak now has political ( and religious ) cover to support the bill , should he so choose .
It will come down to whether he stands on the side of the authoritarians or those in the trenches .
Whatever he decides , I 'd be willing to bet this will undo is undoing the remaining holdouts over the abortion language .
As I write this , Rep. Oberstar confirms he is a solid " Yes " vote after reviewing the Nelson language .
One down , eleven ( or four or whatever the real number is ) to go .
Update : I just found the full text of their strongly - worded , unified letter of support .
A small snippet :
Congress must act .
We are asking every member of our community to contact their congressional representatives this week .
In this Lenten time , we have launched nationwide prayer vigils for health care reform .
We are praying for those who currently lack health care .
We are praying for the nearly 45,000 who will lose their lives this year if Congress fails to act .
We are also praying for you and your fellow Members of Congress as you complete your work in the coming days .
For us , this health care reform is a faith mandate for life and dignity of all of our people .
I 'd say they 've come out firmly behind this effort , even at the risk of opening a large , wide rift in the leadership of the Catholic church .
The study suggests pirates are changing their habits
Some forms of piracy are on the rise in France despite the passing of a tough anti-piracy law , suggests a study .
In late 2009 , France adopted a " three - strikes law " which means persistent pirates can be thrown offline .
A small - scale study shows that some French people are changing their habits and getting pirated music and movies from sources not covered by the law .
Overall , found the study , illegal behaviour has increased by 3 % since the law was passed .
The anti-piracy legislation was passed in October 2009 and means that those suspected of sharing pirated material online , such as movies and music , will be warned to stop or face action .
Persistent pirates who ignore the warnings will be cut off for up to a year if a panel of judges backs a call for disconnection .
Alternatively , pirates can be fined or given a prison sentence .
Despite being passed in October , the law is not yet being enforced .
A preliminary study of more than 2,000 net users in Brittany by researchers Sylvain Dejean , Thierry Penard and Raphael Suire from the Marsouin unit at the University of Rennes suggests many people have changed their behaviour following the passing of the law .
The Hadopi law , named after the agency set up to police net connections , only covers piracy committed by file - sharing systems .
In response , suggests the study , pirates have turned to streaming services and download sites use of which is not covered by the legislation .
The study showed that use of peer - to - peer ( P2P ) or file - sharing services fell among those questioned 17.1 % to 14.6 % since October .
By contrast , the use of sites and services not covered by the Hadopi law grew by 27 % over the same period .
Download services are relatively straight - forward to police as they tend to use centralised servers but , said the report , it was also seeing greater use of virtual servers and closed forums to swap pirated material .
The survey also pointed out that the vast majority of net users , 70 % , do not engage in any piracy at all .
However , half of those who said they were regular buyers of digital content also said they pirated material too .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is it the rain ?
High unemployment ?
Whatever the cause , Portland tops BusinessWeek 's list of most depressed cities .
It 's a year - old study .
But with this week 's cold front and unemployment showing few signs of declining , how different are things ?
The magazine looked at divorce rates , cloudy days , crime rates and the unemployment rate .
They calculated the rate of depression by looking at drug company data and antidepressant sales .
Other cities landing spots on the list of unhappy places ?
St. Louis , New Orleans and Detroit .
Are they any better off a year later ?
-- The Oregonian
Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the Republican leader , spoke out against violence but encouraged Americans to continue to find ways to counter the legislation .
“ I know many Americans are angry over this health care bill , and that Washington Democrats just are n’t listening , ” Mr. Boehner said in a statement .
“ But , as I ’ve said , violence and threats are unacceptable .
That ’s not the American way .
We need to take that anger and channel it into positive change . ”
Republicans also noted that their members have received threats in the past and that Senator Jim Bunning , Republican of Kentucky , was recently the target of abuse when he blocked added unemployment benefits .
Still , the dark and personal tone of the final stages of the health fight could complicate Republican efforts to maintain their attacks on the legislation if they are seen as inciting an undue level of outrage and , conversely , could bolster Democrats if opponents of the measure are seen as breaching the boundaries of civility .
The reports of threats , coming after a tense weekend when protesters hurled racial and homophobic slurs at Democrats and spit on one congressman , left many Democrats shaken .
Paul Bresson , a spokesman for the F.B.I. , said the bureau was aware of several threats against members of Congress and was investigating them jointly with the Capitol Police , which handles security for Congress , and local law enforcement agencies .
He declined to say how many cases there were or to describe them in detail .
“ We are looking at them and taking them very seriously , ” Mr. Bresson said .
Democrats also raised questions about some of the imagery and phrases being employed by Republicans against the Democratic architects and backers of the measure , noting that a Republican National Committee Web site urging supporters to fire Ms. Pelosi has her surrounded by flames .
A Facebook page of Sarah Palin singling out Democratic members for defeat because of their votes defines their districts by the crosshairs of a weapon ’s sight .
Earlier today the Entertainment Software Ratings Board issued a " Mature " rating and description for Tecmo's Dead or Alive Paradise , citing its " creepy voyeurism " and " bizarre , misguided notions of what women really want . "
That description was quickly removed and reworked .
Advertisement
The ESRB says that the previous description , which also called the PSP game " cheesy " and opined that " Paradise cannot mean straddling felled tree trunks in dental - floss thongs , " was posted " in error . "
While we 've enjoyed the ratings board 's dry ( and in this case wry ) descriptions of games that feature " deep cleavage " and " jiggling , " this one was a little different .
ESRB reps explain .
Advertisement
" The rating summary for Dead or Alive Paradise was posted to our website in error , and we have since replaced that version with the corrected one , " ESRB spokesman Eliot Mizrachi said in a statement .
" We recognize that the initial version improperly contained subjective language and that issue has been addressed .
" Our intention with rating summaries is to provide useful , detailed descriptions of game content that are as objective and informative as possible , " Mizrachi continued .
" However they are ultimately written by people and , in this case , we mistakenly posted a rating summary that included what some could rightfully take to be subjective statements .
We sincerely regret the error and will work to prevent this from happening again in the future . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We contacted Tecmo Koei reps to see what they thought of the switcheroo , curious to know if they 'd taken issue with the ratings board 's analysis of the T&A laden game .
" Thanks to Kotaku 's post this morning , we saw the description given by the ESRB , " Tecmo reps told Kotaku .
" Tecmo has not reached out to the ESRB regarding the description , so the decision to remove / update was entirely their call . "
Advertisement
As for the creepiness ?
" While we will not deny the fact that this title offers voyeuristic appeal , we do not mention or use phrases such as ' creepy ' , ' dental - floss thongs ' , ' bizarre ' or ' misguided notions ' in any part of our ESRB rating submission materials , " Tecmo clarified .
" Upon reviewing the submission materials ( both text and video ) , the ESRB defines those descriptions . "
U.S. coal giant Peabody Energy Corp. made a $ 3 billion takeover bid for Australia 's Macarthur Coal Ltd. , but the Australian company said Wednesday the offer was too low .
Shares in Macarthur surged more than 16 percent on the Australian stock market on Wednesday and analysts said investors were gambling that Peabody would improve its offer .
Macarthur operates two coal mines in northeastern Queensland state and is planning two more that would double its production within five years .
It said Peabody made a conditional , nonbinding bid of 13 Australian dollars per share , valuing the company at about AU$ 3.3 billion ( $ 3 billion ) .
Macarthur said in a statement that the board of directors believed the Peabody offer undervalued the company and was not in the best interests of shareholders .
IG Markets research analyst Ben Potter said the market reaction to the news indicated investors thought Peabody would raise its offer .
" Peabody 's highly conditional , low - ball offer looks opportunistic , " Potter said .
St. Louis , Missouri - based Peabody is one of the world 's biggest coal producers .
Macarthur shares closed up 16.2 percent at AU$ 14.05 .
An experiment led by a University of Alberta researcher , at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at CERN , could dramatically change our concepts of basic physics , revolutionize our understanding of the Universe and could eventually lead to technologies in future generations that right now only exist in science fiction .
U of A physics professor James Pinfold is leading an international team of physicists who will use ultra high energy proton collisions .
The protons will move at very near the speed of light , in search for a hypothetical particle , called the magnetic monopole .
Conventional understanding of magnets is that they must have north and south poles .
In 1930 it was shown that a sub atomic particle with just a single magnetic pole could exist .
Several modern theories of physics are built on the theoretical existence of magnetic monopoles .
Last year , researchers in France and Germany reported the observation of certain states of spin ice , a kind of crystalline material with essentially the same atomic arrangements as water ice that would create monopole - like particles .
But Pinfold warns , " these ' quasi - monopoles ' should not be confused with the real thing being sought by the U of A led collaboration at CERN . "
At CERN , on the Swiss - French border , Pinfold 's team will use the LHC , a particle accelerator 27 kilometres in circumference , to search for magnetic monopoles in the shrapnel like debris produced by colliding protons .
The protons will collide at an unprecedented energy -- 7 trillion ( 1012 ) electron volts , or 7 tera electron volts ( TeV ) .
The tiny fireballs created in the impact will duplicate the energy produced just after the Big Bang , the event that created the universe .
For more information , see Jim Pinfold 's MoEDAL Experiment movie and CERN Experiment Collaboration Webpage : http://web.me.com/jamespinfold/MoEDAL_site/Welcome.html
An article explaining the MoEDAL Experiment is available on the CERN web site at : http://cdsweb.cern.ch/journal/CERNBulletin/2010/12/News%20Articles/1248906?ln=ru
Excellent.nu was born when DVDRsource.org & TVsource.org merged together .
XNT is a general / 0 day tracker with both Nordic / Swedish torrents and international ones .
Their pre-times for TV shows are in the space between lightning fast ( 1 - 5 sec ) to okay ( +5 min ) .
Torrent Sections :
Browse :
Everything up to 7 days old is uploaded here
Archive :
Everything older then 7 days is uploaded here .
Spam :
mp3/0day apps / XXX IMG sets
Forum :
After some changed the forum in now entirely in English .
Bonus system :
The usual stuff except that you can't buy upload .
Rules :
Well no surprises here , the usual rules .
They have one line that you do n't see everywhere :
* Do not use CAPS LOCK , especially not in topics .
It is considered yelling , so please avoid .
User classes :
5 user classes + VIP , Uploaded & Staff
Stats & Info :
Signup : http://www.xnt.nu/signup.php
( closed at the moment ) ( closed at the moment )
IRC : Server : irc.zenet.org Channel : #xnt
Rating :
Design : 7/10
Speeds : 7/10
Content : 7/10
Forum : 7/10
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And this leads to the second problem , which is that this will ultimately be more overused than any of the gimmicks mentioned above .
In 2003 , a Texas Chainsaw Massacre reboot opened the floodgates .
Since then , Halloween , Friday the 13th and Children of the Corn have seen reboots , and Hellraiser , Child 's Play and the aforementioned A Nightmare on Elm Street have reboots in production .
In fact , of all the franchises mentioned in this article , the only one no one will touch is Leprechaun .
Seriously , we 'll get word on a Troll reboot any minute now .
The Worst Offender :
Halloween because it 's the only franchise that they tried to reboot twice .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
1998 's Halloween H20 accepted only John Carpenter 's first two films as canon and brought back Jamie Lee Curtis for the lead role .
Although , the film was actually praised by critics as a return to form , the franchise immediately fucked up again with Halloween Resurrection , which performed abysmally at the box office and killed the franchise a second time .
Almost a decade later , Rob Zombie took another bite of the reboot pie with 2007's hugely successful Halloween .
And again , Zombie 's 2009 sequel utterly failed to deliver .
Yes , even a man whose driver 's license reads " Mr. Zombie " could not bring Halloween back from the dead .
Maybe he should call himself Rob Necromancer .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Do you have something funny to say about a random topic ?
You could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow .
Go here and find out how to create a Topic Page .
And check out some other things you had no idea Hollywood was driving into the ground , in 5 Things Hollywood Reuses More Than Plots and 5 Things Movie Trailers Need to Stop Doing .
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated 2.10.2010 ) to see the new trailer for RoboCop versus the Terminator .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get dick jokes sent straight to your news feed .
Django model formsets provide a way to edit multiple model instances within a single form .
This is especially useful for editing related models inline .
Below is some knowledge I ’ve collected on some of the lesser documented and undocumented features of Django ’s model formsets .
Model Formset Factory Methods
Django Model Formsets are generally created using a factory method .
The default is modelformset_factory , which wraps formset_factory to create Model Forms .
You can also create inline formsets to edit related objects , using inlineformset_factory .
inlineformset_factory wraps modelformset_factory to restrict the queryset and set the initial data to the instance ’s related objects .
Adding Fields to a Model Formset
Just like with a normal Django formset , you can add additional fields to a model formset by creating a base formset class with an add_fields method , then passing it in to the factory method .
The only difference is the class you inherit from .
For inlineformset_factory , you should inherit from BaseInlineFormSet .
If you ’re using modelformset_factory , then you should import and inherit from BaseModelFormSet instead .
Also remember that form.instance may be used to set initial data for the fields you ’re adding .
Just check to make sure form.instance is not None before you try to access any properties .
from django.forms.models import BaseInlineFormSet , inlineformset_factory class BaseFormSet( BaseInlineFormSet ) : def add_fields ( self , form , index ) : super ( BasePlanItemFormSet , self ) .add_fields ( form , index ) # add fields to the form FormSet = inlineformset_factory ( MyModel , MyRelatedModel , formset=BaseFormSet )
Changing the Default Form Field
If you ’d like to customize one or more of the form fields within your model formset , you can create a formfield_callback function and pass it to the formset factory .
For example , if you want to set required =False on all fields , you can do the following .
def custom_field_callback( field ) : return field.formfield( required =False ) FormSet = modelformset_factory ( model , formfield_callback=custom_field_callback )
field.formfield ( ) will create the default form field with whatever arguments you pass in .
You can also create different fields , and use field .
name to do field specific customization .
Here ’s a more advanced example .
def custom_field_callback( field ) : if field .
name == ' optional ' : return field.formfield ( required =False ) elif field .
name == ' text ' : return field.formfield(widget=Textarea ) elif field .
name == ' integer ' : return IntegerField ( ) else : return field.formfield ( )
Deleting Models in a Formset
Pass can_delete=True to your factory method , and you ’ll be able to delete the models in your formsets .
Note that inlineformset_factory defaults to can_delete= True , while modelformset_factory defaults to can_delete =
False .
Creating New Models with Extra Forms
As with normal formsets , you can pass an extra argument to your formset factory to create extra empty forms .
These empty forms can then be used to create new models .
Note that when you have extra empty forms in the formset , you ’ll get an equal number of None results when you call formset .
save ( ) , so you may need to filter those out if you ’re doing any post - processing on the saved objects .
If you want to set an upper limit on the number of extra forms , you can use the max_num argument to restrict the maximum number of forms .
For example , if you want up to 6 forms in the formset , do the following :
MyFormSet = inlineformset_factory ( MyModel , MyRelatedModel , extra=6 , max_num=6 )
Saving Django Model Formsets
Model formsets have a save method , just like with model forms , but in this case , you ’ll get a list of all modified instances instead of a single instance .
Unmodified instances will not be returned .
As mentioned above , if you have any extra empty forms , then those list elements will be None .
If you want to create custom save behavior , you can override 2 methods in your BaseFormSet class : save_new and save_existing .
These methods look like this :
from django.forms.models import BaseInlineFormSet class BaseFormSet( BaseInlineFormSet ) : def save_new ( self , form , commit= True ) : # custom save behavior for new objects , form is a ModelForm return super ( BaseFormSet , self ) .save_new ( form , commit=commit ) def save_existing ( self , form , instance , commit= True ) : # custom save behavior for existing objects # instance is the existing object , and form has the updated data return super ( BaseFormSet , self ) .save_existing ( form , instance , commit=commit )
Inline Model Admin
Django ’s Admin Site includes the ability to specify InlineModelAdmin objects .
Subclasses of InlineModelAdmin can use all the arguments of inlineformset_factory , plus some admin specific arguments .
Everything mentioned above applies equally to InlineModelAdmin arguments : you can specify the number of extra forms , the maximum number of inline forms , and even your own formset with custom save behavior .
If Nutter 's picks are approved by City Council , the Board of Ethics will be at full strength for the first time in five months .
In December , the board lost its vice chairman , Richard Negrin , who departed after he was named interim executive director of the Board of Revision of Taxes .
Another seat had been empty since September .
Mexico's President Calderon seeks US help on drugs war
Crowds turned out to protest at the president 's policies
Mexican President Felipe Calderon has called for the United States to share responsibility in the battle against drug traffickers in the two countries .
His comments came on a one - day visit to the border city of Ciudad Juarez , where three people connected to the US consulate were killed on Saturday .
Hundreds of demonstrators greeted Mr Calderon demanding the withdrawal of Mexican troops from the town .
Meanwhile , Texas has increased border patrols in the wake of the violence .
" The violence is a problem for both nations , one that has its origin in the consumption of drugs in the US and the criminality associated with trafficking , " Mr Calderon said during his visit .
Reputation " It is crucial that the fight against organised crime be tackled with a shared responsibility by the United States and Mexico , each on its own territory ... but with close co-operation in information , intelligence and public policy . "
Mr Calderon , who was accompanied by the US ambassador to Mexico , Carlos Pascual , was making his third visit this year to Ciudad Juarez , which has earned a reputation as one of the most violent cities in the world .
The city , just over the border from El Paso in Texas , is at the centre of the battle between Mexican drug gangs over trafficking routes to the US .
More than 2,600 people were murdered there in drug - related violence last year alone .
Lesley Enriquez - a US citizen working at the Juarez consulate - her American husband , Arthur Redelfs , and Jorge Alberto Salcido , the Mexican husband of another consular employee , were shot dead in two separate incidents last weekend .
The motives for the killings remain unclear .
' Another planet '
Protesters frustrated with unrelenting attacks of violence held up signs reading " government assassins " and accused President Calderon of living " on another planet " , Reuters reported .
President Calderon says Washington must do more to limit drug trafficking " Calderon has no idea what he is talking about , " said activist Susana Molina .
The protesters have accused Mr Calderon of provoking more violence between rival drug gangs by bringing in the army to try to crack down on the problem .
Mr Calderon , who announced further social programmes for Juarez , insisted his strategy was working .
Meanwhile , the governor of the US state of Texas , Rick Perry , said he had increased the police presence along the border with Mexico .
" With the safety of Texans on the line , we can't afford to wait , " Mr Perry was quoted as saying by the AFP agency .
American federal agents are helping to investigate the most recent killings .
Drug - related violence has left some 18,000 people dead in Mexico since 2006 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Current Events and Announcements Team Mongoose Strikes !
Tuesday 7 - 11 pm :
Since the core is clear for us this week , we will run it again on the Mongoose schedule , Tuesday and Thursday 7 - 11 pm .
There will be a poll up to select a new raid time for the single team solution we are going back to for a while .
Onyxia is still Saturday 1 - 3 pm
We will insititute a roster system soon in order to get our team back up to speed as soon as possible .
Everyone is strongly encouraged to gather their fire resistant gear from various instances outside of Molten Core .
See Raid qualifications forums for ideas !
Check thotbot , ask friends , relatives , pets !
I thank for assisting my humble persona this previous year span along with my VA interest and my personal issues .
You have been truly over there for me .
You are really over there for us .
say thanks in so many ways .
With the regards of my family , and my many acquaintances we will be over there for you .
repair carpets Lenexa KS
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-lenexa-ks/
carpet repair in Santa Rosa
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-santa-rosa-ca/
home carpet repair Chicopee
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-chicopee-ma/
home carpet repair in Alexandria VA
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-alexandria-va/
carpet repair in Port Orange
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-port-orange-fl/
residential carpet repair
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-durham-nc/
home carpet repair in Auburn
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-auburn-al/
home carpet repair
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-cheyenne-wy/
home carpet repair Roseville CA
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-roseville-ca/
repair carpets in San Luis Obispo CA
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-san-luis-obispo-ca/
carpet repair Baltimore MD
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-baltimore-md/
home carpet repair in Santa Clara CA
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-santa-clara-ca/
commercial carpet repair in Chesapeake VA
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-chesapeake-va/
carpet repair contractors
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-warren-mi/
home carpet repair in Del Rio TX
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-del-rio-tx/
low cost carpet repairs Elmhurst
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-elmhurst-il/
commercial carpet repair in New York City NY
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-new-york-city-ny/
low cost carpet repairs
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-macon-ga/
repair carpets Livermore CA
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-livermore-ca/
repair carpets in Henderson
http://www.givemeback.org/carpet-repair-in-henderson-nv/
http://www.givemeback.org/dumpster-rental/
dumpsters for rent
We need to make a truly solid effort at this time to pull together as a team .
Stay together in groups when in contested areas , farm things the many we need , stay off your alts until your mains are ready to rock the core !
Really show the riot spirit and team up for Dire Maul runs , Onyxia key quests chains , finding and crafting high quality gear .
Paldins interested in MC should immediately stop concerning themselves with getting Lightforge sets and focus on getting cloth pieces such as devout or magisters .
There are also some red dragonscale mail chests which give outstanding bonuses and we will be working to manuafacture these asap .
Dire Maul , silithus are excellent places to get high quality blue items without the extended amount of raiding required to collect the first blue complete set .
Do not waste time with this !
Soon you will be in tier I epics .
Molten Core : Tuesday 7-11 pm Onyxia : Saturday 1 pm - 3 pm Core Looting Policy Change : DKP
Revereted to orignial 75 % system .
ORLANDO , Fla . –
The labor movement this week chose a neighborhood reeling from the economic crisis as its launching pad for a national campaign for jobs .
Victims of the crisis were among the hundreds who gathered at the Painters ’ union hall here March 1 and they kept coming until they filled not just the hall but the parking lots and streets surrounding it .
Only the loudspeakers rigged up by the painters enabled those outside to hear what went on inside .
Side by side the nation ’s union leaders stood with the people who are suffering – employed and unemployed , the young , the old , Black , white and Latino , some healthy and others sick .
Barbara Medina , the new receptionist at the hall , fought back her own tears as others cried during her remarks .
“ The worst part after I got laid off was having to look at my four beautiful children , tell them I could no longer take care of them and that they would have to go to Puerto Rico to live with their grandparents , ” she said .
“ I dreaded the phone calls when they cried and begged me to bring them home .
I promised all four of them that when things got better I would never , ever send them away again . ”
For Medina things did turn around when the Painters hired her as their receptionist .
She saved every penny she earned for three months , got an apartment and kept her promise to her four children , who stood up to sustained applause and cheers from the crowd .
For Tameka
Pierce things have n’t turned around yet .
A single mother too , she remains unemployed .
“ I have lupus , ” she told the hushed crowd , “ so I frequently end up in the emergency room .
I do n’t have health insurance and I depend , when I am in the hospital , on the help of all my good friends to take care of the children . ”
“ I have abilities , ” she said .
“ What I need is a decent job with health benefits .
Whoever hires me will be getting a smart , dedicated worker .
A good job is the only hope I have for myself and my children . ”
Andy Contreras said that he and his brother Steve were lucky a few years ago when they got jobs for a construction outfit in the neighborhood .
They began living in fear , however , as soon as the layoffs began .
Part of a group of 100 full - time workers when they started , they are among the 23 now remaining and fear that any day they could be next .
As it is , their hours have been cut from 40 to 32 a week .
“ Without these jobs we wo n’t be able to pay for Stevie ’s medicine , ” Andy said .
“ He has diabetes . ”
“ We ’re not looking for a bailout , ” Andy said , “ just a steady job so we can keep our apartment and pay for Stevie ’s medicine . ”
“ What do you think about the guys on Wall Street who got those bailouts ? ” Richard Trumka , president of the AFL - CIO , asked Contreras .
“ I do n’t know how they can look at themselves in the mirror in the morning , ” Contreras replied .
Then came Yessenia Garcia , a student at the University of Central Florida who has two more years to go before she graduates .
“ I ’m already $ 17,000 in debt , ” she said .
“ They just put through a 15 percent tuition increase .
Do you know anyone who got a 15 percent raise this year ? ”
The union leaders in the crowd stood up and applauded .
Curtis Duffield owns a small contracting business in the neighborhood .
“ I had to lay off all 25 of my employees , ” he said , “ because of what the banks have done . ”
“ I was never late on the loans I took out , ” he said .
“ Because of the gambling losses on Wall Street money that was once available to keep businesses like mine going is now not available . ”
There were other community leaders , a Catholic nun , a radio announcer from a popular Orlando program , civil rights leaders and social service providers also at the forum .
Trumka was cheered when he told them all that it is labor , working together with all of them , that will build the movement that will lead the way out of the economic crisis .
“ I ca n’t think of a better setting than this for the AFL - CIO to launch a national jobs program , ” he said as he stepped down from the podium and made his way through the crowd .
“ I personally think we are going to have to take this movement into the streets , ” he said .
He and the other labor leaders in the crowd had their work cut out for them as the AFL - CIO ’s executive council meeting here continued the next day .
Photo : Before heading to Orlando , AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka joined more than 5,000 workers and supporters marching in Evansville , Ind. , last week to protest Whirlpool ’s slashing of over 1,000 jobs even as it builds a new plant in Mexico .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/ / CC BY 2.0
Abstraction ( n. )
The act or process of separating in thought , of considering a thing independently of its associations ; or a substance independently of its attributes ; or an attribute or quality independently of the substance to which it belongs .
( Oxford English Dictionary )
Abstraction is one of the most powerful beasts in the landscape of programming , but it is also one of the most elusive to capture .
The places where abstraction may be found are many :
Good artists copy .
Great artists steal .
Abstractions that other people have ( re ) discovered , ( re)used and ( re ) implemented are by far the easiest to find .
First time you do something , just do it .
Second time , wince at duplication .
Third time , you refactor .
Refactoring introduces small pieces of ad hoc abstraction .
The quality varies though : the result might be something deeper , but it might just be mundane code reuse .
Grow your framework .
A lengthy process where you build the abstraction and the application , build another distinct application on the abstraction , and reconcile .
This takes a lot of time , and is entirely dependent on people 's willingness to break BC and make sweeping changes .
Give the problem to a really smart person .
Design is a creative process , design by committee results in moldy code .
A single person unifies the abstraction and picks the battles to fight when an abstraction needs to change .
Turn to nature .
User interfaces often introduce a form of abstraction , and it 's common to turn to real life and see what 's there .
Note that there are really good abstractions that do n't exist in real - life : the concept of undo is positively ridiculous in the real world , but probably one of the best inventions in computers .
I 'd like to propose one other place to turn when you 're hunting for abstractions : pure mathematics .
" Pure mathematics ? "
Yes , pure mathematics .
Not applied mathematics , which easily finds its place in a programmers toolbox for tackling specific classes of problems .
" Ok , mathematicians may do neat things ... but they 're too theoretical for my taste . "
But that 's precisely what we 're looking for !
Pure mathematics is all about manipulating abstract objects and deductively proving properties about them .
The mathematicians are n't talking about a different kind of abstraction , they 're just starting off from different concrete objects than a programmer might be .
The mathematicians have just have been doing it much longer than programmers ( set the mark at about 600 BC with the Greeks . )
Over this period of time , mathematicians have gotten pretty damn good at creating abstractions , handling abstractions , deducing properties of abstractions , finding relationships between abstractions , and so forth .
In fact , they 're so good that advanced mathematics has a reputation for abstracting concepts way beyond what any " normal " person would tolerate : Lewis Carroll is one prominent figure known for satirizing what he saw as ridiculous ideas in mid-19th century mathematics .
Of course , you can't take an arbitrary mathematical concept and attempt to shoehorn it into your favorite programming language .
The very first step is looking at some abstract object and looking for concrete instances of that object that programmers care about .
Even structures that have obvious concrete instances have more subtle instances that are just as useful .
It is also the case that many powerful mathematical abstractions are also unintuitive .
Programmers naturally shy away from unintuitive ideas : it is an example of being overly clever .
The question of what is intuitive has shaped discussions in mathematics as well : when computability theory was being developed , there were many competing models of computation vying for computer scientists ' attentions .
Alonzo Church formulated lambda calculus , a highly symbolic and abstract notion of computation ; Alan Turing formulated Turing machines , a very physical and concrete notion of computation .
In pedagogy , Turing machines won out : open any introductory computability textbook ( in my case , Sipser 's textbook ) and you will only see the Turing machines treated to the classic proofs regarding the undecidability of halting problems .
The Turing machine is much simpler to understand ; it maps more cleanly to the mental model of a mathematician furiously scribbling away a computation .
But no computer scientist ( and certainly not Alonzo Church ) would claim that Turing machines are the only useful model to study .
Lambda calculus is elegant ; after you 've wrapped your head around it , you can express ideas and operations concisely which , with Turing machines , would have involved mucking around with encodings and sweeping the head around and a lot of bookkeeping .
Writing Turing machines , put bluntly , is a pain in the ass .
I now present two examples of good ideas in mathematics resulting in good ideas in programming .
The first involves the genesis of Lisp .
As Sussman tells me , Lisp was originally created so that McCarthy could prove Gödel 's incompleteness theorem without having to resort to number theory .
( McCarthy is quoted as saying something a little weaker : Lisp was a " way of describing computable functions much neater than the Turing machines or the general recursive definitions used in recursive function theory . " )
Instead of taking the statement " this statement cannot be proven " and rigorously encoding in a stiff mathematical formalism , it could simply be described in Lisp ( PDF ) .
Thus , its original formulation featured m- expressions , which looked a little like function [ arg1 arg2 ] and represented the actual machine , as opposed to the s-expression which was the symbolic representation .
It was n't until later that a few graduate students thought , " Hm , this would actually be a useful programming language , " and set about to actually implement Lisp .
Through Gödel 's incompleteness theorem , the powerful notion of code as data was born : no other language at the time had been thinking about programs in this way .
The second is the success of Category Theory in Haskell .
The canonical example is monads , the mathematical innovation that made input / output in lazy languages not suck ( although a mathematical friend of mine tells me monads are not actually interesting because they 're not general enough . )
But the ideas behind the functor and applicative functor encapsulate patterns pervasive in all programming languages .
An example of a reformulation of this concept can be seen in numpy 's universal functions .
They do n't call it a functor , instead they use terms such as " broadcasting " and " casting " and discuss the need to use special universal versions of functions on numpy arrays to get element - by - element operations .
The interface is usable enough , but it lacks the simplicity , elegance and consistency that you get from actually realizing , " Hey , that 's just a functor ... "
Those mathematicians , they 're smart folk .
Perhaps we programmers could learn a thing or two from them .
Postscript .
Thanks to Daniel Kane for answering my impromptu question " What is mathematics about ? " and suggesting a few of the examples of mathematics leaking back into computer engineering .
Kurzban Kurzban Tetzeli and Pratt P.A. has offered strong legal representation for more than four decades .
Based in Coral Gables , we provide hands - on legal solutions to both local and international clients .
We can assist you with :
Immigration issues
Severe personal injuries and medical malpractice
Business legal matters
Complex civil litigation
Our talented and passionate attorneys are litigators at heart .
We work in tandem with a network of local counsels to obtain results in truly challenging cases .
Our team has obtained trial and appellate court victories in Florida , Hawaii and throughout the United States .
FRANKFURT — Germany 's BMW AG said Friday its 2009 revenue fell 4.7 % from a year earlier , reflecting the woes luxury car makers faced as demand for their vehicles contracted sharply , but that it still expects to post a profit for the year .
The Munich - based company said 2009 revenue fell to € 50.68 billion ( $ 70.3 billion ) , but it still hit its targets .
BMW Chief Executive Norbert Reithofer attributed the forecast profit to cost management and other measures aimed at improving profitability .
" Despite the ongoing world - wide financial and economic crisis , the BMW group has , from today 's perspective , achieved the objectives for 2009 , " the Munich - based company said in a statement .
Sales in 2009 fell 10.4 % from a year earlier to 1.29 million cars , but BMW retained the crown as the world 's best - selling premium car maker ahead of Daimler AG 's Mercedes - Benz brand and Volkswagen AG 's Audi AG unit .
The company , which is expected to release detailed earnings figures for the fourth quarter and full year on March 17 , previously had said it could avoid a loss even if sales slumped by up to 15 % .
For 2010 , the company expects a slight increase in vehicle sales , namely a single - digit percentage rise to 1.3 million cars .
Growth is expected in Brazil , China and India – emerging markets where BMW also saw increased sales in 2009 .
The car maker also targets sales growth in Germany in 2010 , and in the U.S. market as well .
There are some analogies one might expect Karl Rove to stay away from .
But the former Bush adviser on Monday described the Honduran president in terms that may sound eerily familiar to some descriptions of his former boss .
Appearing on ABC ’s “ Top Line , ” Rove attacked the Obama administration over a series of alleged foreign policy missteps arising , he said , from insufficient “ groundwork . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We saw it in Honduras , ” Rove said .
“ Where , rather than monitoring the situation , [ the Obama administration ] let a cowboy president try to act in an extra-constitutional way to violate a fundamental principle in the Constitution , all without having done their homework in advance . ”
Cowboy president ?
The situation occurred last June , when Honduran president Manuel Zelaya , who the New York Times described as a “ leftist aligned with ” Hugo Chavez , was ousted in a military coup , after months of attempting to rescind term limits .
The Washington Post explained that the Honduran constitution allows presidents to have only one 10 - year term .
President Manuel Zelaya of Honduras was to oversee a non-binding referendum Sunday on his effort to alter the nation ’s constitution to allow him to seek a second term in office .
Instead , he was roused from bed by his own military , escorted to the airport , and put on a plane to Costa Rica .
President Bush was occasionally referred to in slang as cowboy during his presidency , both at home and internationally , partly due to his love of wearing cowboy hats and boots .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2003 , a BBC News journalist named Kathryn Wescott headlined an article , “ Bush revels in cowboy speak . ”
Referring to Bush ’s handling of Middle Eastern affairs , she noted that he “ clearly loves that cowboy imagery . ”
The Times noted a considerable “ contrast ” in Obama ’s response with the response of Bush to similar events :
President Obama said he was deeply concerned and in a statement called on Honduran officials “ to respect democratic norms , the rule of law and the tenets of the Inter - American Democratic charter .
“ Any existing tensions and disputes must be resolved peacefully through dialogue free from any outside interference , ” he said .
His quick condemnation offered a sharp contrast with the actions of the Bush administration , which in 2002 offered a rapid , tacit endorsement of a short - lived coup against Mr. Chávez .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although Rove assailed Obama for purportedly mishandling the matter , he did n’t specify what he believed the appropriate response would have been .
Among the other topics of the Bush adviser ’s criticism was the White House ’s scrapping of missile shield defense from Eastern Europe and the recent spat between the United States and Israel over settlements .
ADVERTISEMENT
He called Hillary Clinton a “ very strong secretary of state ” but said in various ways that the administration was failing to do their “ homework ” on foreign policy matters .
Think Progress first caught Rove ’s remarks about the Honduran “ cowboy president . ”
The following video is from ABC ’s “ Top Line , ” broadcast Monday , March 15 .
When French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife , Carla Bruni , sit down for dinner with the Obamas in the White House family dining room March 30 , it will be a rare occasion for Barack Obama : a private , personal , perhaps even chatty evening with another world leader .
Fourteen months into the Obama presidency , one striking feature of an American president who took office to a swooning world is the absence of any strong personal ties – or even a go - to working relationship – with any other world leader .
Where Ronnie had Maggie , and Bill and even George W. had Tony , Mr. Obama has no one leader .
Instead , the former law professor has what seems to be a preference for big - themed foreign speeches ( think Cairo ; Prague , Czech Republic ; Moscow ; Accra , Ghana ) and policy gatherings ( his UN nuclear summit , the Pittsburgh Group of 20 economic summit , a White House nuclear nonproliferation summit in May ) bereft of the warm and fuzzy .
A dinner chat with Sarkozy
Even the Sarkozy dinner seems to be more an amendsmaker than a familiar , " Hey Sarko , why do n't you come on over for dinner and some one - on - one conversation ? "
When the Obamas were in Paris last year , Obama turned down a dinner invitation to the Elyseé Palace , ostensibly so he could take Michelle out for a private night on the town .
Obama 's cool , all - business demeanor with his global peers is all the more striking because it follows the polar - opposite style of George W. Bush .
President Bush 's policies were widely reviled overseas , and he was not particularly articulate .
But he strove to forge personal links with a few key leaders .
He cultivated Tony Blair 's friendship on Iraq , and he developed a hierarchy of visit venues – White House , Camp David , his Texas ranch – that signaled where a leader stood in his estimation .
He walked hand in hand with the Saudi king , and even tried massaging German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's shoulders – although the latter gesture fell particularly flat .
Bush 's comment about " looking into his soul " upon meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin suggested a desire to know and understand the leader , whereas Obama has yet to find his soul mate on the world stage – and may not be inclined to find one .
No special relationship
" It really is striking about Obama : Most presidents have had a special or close relationship with a foreign leader they could turn to , " says Thomas Henriksen , a US foreign - policy scholar at the Hoover Institution in Stanford , Calif .
" But it appears to be his nature or personality , the so - called no - drama - Obama thing . "
Others link the dearth of leader - level friendships to Obama 's personality as well .
" There is a stylistic difference from George W. Bush that is notable , " says Stephen Hess , an expert on the US presidency at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
" Obama turns out to be much more cool , in McLuhanesque terms of cool and hot , " he adds , referring to the Canadian media philosopher Marshall McLuhan .
The question is , does it matter ?
Mr. Hess is inclined to play down the importance of what he surmises may be a media fixation , saying leaders in the end act on behalf of their own countries .
" Each head of state is ultimately and overwhelmingly operating based on interests " – his own and his country 's , he says .
Hess , who served in the Eisenhower White House , recalls that President Eisenhower had " a deep affection " for British Prime Minister Anthony Eden .
" But when it came to the Suez crisis [ of 1956 ] , he had to cut [ Eden ] down at the knees .
Friendship or no , " Hess adds , " he did what he had to do . "
But others say leader - to - leader friendships can provide important moral support , a valuable sounding board outside the White House cocoon – and have bucked up more than one president in a moment of crisis .
Thatcher stiffened Bush 's backbone
" When Margaret Thatcher told the first President Bush , ' Now do n't go wobbly on me George , ' it might have stiffened his backbone a little precisely because it was a friend saying it , " says Hoover 's Mr. Henricksen , referring to a remark the British prime minister famously made to Bush in the run-up to the Gulf War .
Henricksen also notes that French President Sarkozy , who has tried in more ways than last year 's spurned dinner invitation to cultivate a close relationship with Obama , has refused to send additional troops to Afghanistan despite the American president 's request .
" Who knows if Sarkozy would have made the same decision if he had n't suffered some of these slights on the part of Obama , " he says .
" What it comes down to is that relationships do matter . "
Some foreign - policy experts see something even deeper in Obama 's aloofness toward European leaders in particular .
Is Obama interested in Europe ?
" There 's a general concern among European leaders that America under Obama is not interested in Europe , " says Reginald Dale , a senior fellow in the Europe program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies here .
" More striking still is a dawning perception that Obama is the first [ postwar ]
American president not to take on the role of leader of the West , " Mr. Dale says .
" He 's just president of the United States . "
But those deeper concerns start with what might seem to be the mundane , Dale says – the lack of a rapport with any Western leaders , a White House " regret " that attending a US - Europe summit later this spring will not be possible , Obama 's focus on Asia and his declaration in Tokyo last year that he sees himself as America 's " first Pacific president . "
Dale says he still has ringing in his ear the words of a senior European diplomat , who recently told him , " [ Obama ] talks to his enemies .
Why can't he talk to his friends ? "
Those words struck Dale as a cry of concern rooted in Obama 's neglect of America 's core allies .
" Obama is demonstrating a different vision of the world by paying significantly more attention to China , Russia , and also India and Brazil , " he says .
" Even in a multipolar world you 'd think it would make more sense to have a community of Western allies defending their own interests , " he adds , " but you 're not going to do that by snubbing your old friends . "
Many workers do not fully understand their rights , the EHRC says
An inquiry into the treatment of agency and migrant staff at meat and poultry processing firms has found " widespread evidence " of abuse and exploitation .
The abuse was both verbal and physical , the Equality and Human Rights Commission reported .
It also found a lack of proper health and safety protection and said workers often did not know all their rights .
Retailers and labour providers said they would be studying the findings to see where improvements could be made .
Stories of abuse However , the chairman of the Association of Labour Providers , Mark Boleat , was also quoted by the Guardian as questioning the inquiry 's methodology and whether the surveyed workers were a representative sample .
CASE STUDY Agnes Gnosowska , 29 , is a Polish national who lives in Thetford , in Norfolk .
She has previously worked in a meat factory and says such jobs are the " only choice " for many unskilled workers from Eastern Europe , particularly those who do not speak English .
" In Eastern Europe some salaries are so low that you can't survive , " she says .
So they come here , but if they do n't have specific skills or speak the language then they do n't have another option but to do this kind of work . "
The EHRC 's inquiry , launched in 2008 , found that migrant workers are most affected , but British agency employees face similar mistreatment , with many people afraid to raise concerns because they fear they will be sacked .
The commission said its inquiry had uncovered frequent breaches of the law and licensing standards in meat processing factories .
Some of these factories supplied the UK 's biggest supermarkets .
However , the commission , which called for steps to protect the workforce and for supermarkets to improve the auditing of their suppliers , said it had also found examples of firms that treated all workers with respect and dignity .
The inquiry , which spoke to 260 workers , found : • One in five workers said they had been pushed , kicked or had things thrown at them by line managers •
A third revealed they had experienced or witnessed verbal abuse , often on a daily basis • Workers also claimed they had been refused permission to go to the toilet •
One in four told the commission that pregnant workers had been mistreated , including the instant dismissal of agency workers who announced they were having a baby A third of permanent workers and two - thirds of agency workers in the industry are migrants , and at one in six meat processing sites involved in the study , every agency worker hired in the past year was a migrant worker .
These recruitment figures are partly due to difficulties in recruiting British workers for physically demanding but low - paid work , the EHRC said .
Many workers who gave evidence to the commission said agency workers were treated worse than directly employed staff .
Supermarkets have driven down costs along their supply chain with tens of thousands of workers paying the price , suffering discrimination and unfair treatment
Jack Dromey , Unite Neil Kinghan , director general of the EHRC , said : " The commission 's inquiry reveals widespread and significant ill - treatment in the industry .
" We have heard stories of workers subjected to bullying , violence and being humiliated and degraded by being denied toilet breaks . "
He said that some workers felt they had to put up with these conditions out of economic necessity , while others lacked the language skills to understand and assert their rights .
" While most supermarkets are carrying out audits of their suppliers , our evidence shows that these audits are not safeguarding workers and they clearly need to take steps to improve them .
" The processing firms themselves and the agencies supplying their workers also need to pay more than lip service to ensuring that workers are not subjected to unlawful and unethical treatment .
" If the situation does not improve over the next 12 months , the commission will consider using its regulatory powers to enforce change where necessary . "
' Two - tier market ' Jack Dromey , of the union Unite , said supermarkets supplied by the plants should " hang their heads in shame " .
He said : " Supermarkets have driven down costs along their supply chain with tens of thousands of workers paying the price , suffering discrimination and unfair treatment .
" A two - tier labour market has been created , exploiting migrant agency workers on poorer conditions of employment and undercutting directly employed workers on better conditions of employment .
" That divides workforces and damages social cohesion in local communities . "
A spokesman for the Association of Labour Providers said : " The recommendations merit careful study by government , regulators , supermarkets , labour providers and labour users .
" Some of the recommendations , such as paying workers for travelling time and engaging workers on contracts of employment rather than contracts for services , are not possible unless there is a commitment from retailers and labour users to meet such costs , and past experience suggests that this is unlikely . "
Tom Ironside , from the British Retail Consortium , said it took the findings very seriously .
" The commission does recognise supermarkets are committing significant time and resources to these audits , but if there are ways to improve them , then obviously we 'll be giving those careful consideration , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
40 Years Later US Bombs Still Kill In Laos
A Legacy Of The Vietnam War
It is one of the legacies of the war in Vietnam .
Even so the conflict in Vietnam ended in 1975 countries such as Laos and Cambodia are still paying an heavy price as the authorities still struggle to get rid of a massive quantity of unexploded bombs .
Between 1964 and 1973 two billion kilograms of bombs were dropped on Laos by the US military .
This constitute the heaviest aerial bombing in history , and Laotians are still paying the price today .
More bombs were dropped by the US on Laos during the Vietnam war than during World War II in Europe .
Unexploded Ordnance Kill Thousands Every Year Worldwide
The problem of unexploded ordnance ( UXO ) is extremely bad in Laos , but it also affects , to a lesser extend , Bosnia , Cambodia , DR Congo , Iraq , Kosovo , Lebanon , Sudan and Vietnam .
Lao People ’s Democratic Republic ( Lao PDR ) is the most bombed country in the world per capita .
From the 1.3 million tonnes of bombs dropped by the US on the country , up to 30 percent of some type of ordnance did not detonate .
Laos Historical Background
Modern day Laos– Lao People ’s Democratic Republic - has it roots in the ancient Lao kingdom of Lan Xang , established in the 14TH century under King Fa Ngum .
For 300 years Lan Xand had influence reaching into present days Cambodia and Thailand as well as over all what is contemporary Laos .
After centuries of gradual decline , Laos came under the domination of Siam ( Thailand ) from the 18TH century to the 19TH century when it became part of French Indochina with Vietnam and Cambodia .
The Franco - Siamese treaty of 1907 defined the current Laos border with Thailand .
In 1975 , after the US were defeated in Vietnam , the communist Pathet Lao took control of the government , ending a six - century old monarchy , and instating a socialist government aligned to Vietnam .
A gradual return to private enterprise and the liberalization of foreign investment laws began in 1988 .
Laos Endemic Problem With Unexploded Ordnance
In Lao PDR , unexploded ordnance ( UXO ) still contaminates the ground affecting a quarter of all villages and preventing farmers access to much needed land to plant crops .
The numbers are staggering : Between 1964 and 2008 , they were at least 50,000 UXO casualties .
In 2008 alone the casualties were as high as 600 .
Just like in other part of the world , the UK based organization MAG International makes a difference between life and death in Lao PDR with its comprehensive program of UXO removal .
In 2009 , MAG Lao PDR said they had increased productivity in bomb removal by almost 90 percent over the last year in land cleaning from UXO .
37 Years After The Massive US Bombing Stopped , How Is Lao PDR Doing ?
Connie Cappos and Andrew Coyne just came back from a six weeks journey to Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia , and were willing to answer a few questions from News Junkie Post ( NJP ) in the context of this article .
NJP : When you were in Laos did you noticed a lot of people badly injured from unexploded ordnance dropped by the US ?
Connie Cappos : In Vientiane ( Laos capital ) we saw a lot of people begging on the streets having suffered such injuries .
They were mostly young adults .
In Laos , there is not that many streets kids , as opposed to Cambodia .
The Laotian government seems to be a lot more on top of things than the one in Cambodia in this regard .
Further , there is very little children or women sex trafficking ( proposed to Westerners ) in Laos in contrast to Cambodia where it is rampant .
Andrew Coyne : Exactly ,
In Laos I was very discreetly approached in the streets to buy marijuana or opium , but in Cambodia it was constant solicitations from people such as taxi drivers not only for drugs but also for sex trade .
NJP : Even so the Vietnam war ended in 1975 , do you feel that there is still a deep animosity from people towards Americans ?
Connie Cappos : None of the people in former French Indochina truly trust Americans and Westerners in general , especially the older generation .
So yes , a sense of distrust is still very much at play .
Andrew Coyne :
The area of former South Vietnam is actually the part of the region displaying the most animosity towards Americans .
A lot more than around Hanoi , in the north .
NJP : Which ones of the 3 countries seems to be doing better on an economical and social stand point ?
Andrew Coyne : Unquestionably Vietnam on an economical stand point .
The service industry is quite good , and a lot of people have access to modern technology .
Connie Cappos : I agree , Laos is very slow and more traditional .
It is a sleepy country compared to the buzzing Vietnam .
Laos is still mainly centered on farming and traditional craft .
The people in Laos seem to be a lot more at peace with their trouble past than the people in Cambodia .
Andrew Coyne : Yes Cambodia appears to be still struggling with its own awful legacy of Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouges .
Corruption is rampant , and it seems that some former elements of the Khmer Rouge are running the sex trade and drug trafficking like a mafia .
We saw a lot of people walking around in the streets carrying AK 47 .
Of the 3 countries , Cambodia is definitely the one still struggling for social harmony .
NJP : Thank you both for your time .
Editor ’s Note :
All the photographs illustrating this article are by Connie Cappos .
Please follow The News Junkie Post on Twitter .
THE number - plates in Nigeria ’s Plateau state declare it to be the “ Home of Peace and Tourism ” .
In the past decade this slogan has sounded ever more fanciful , as the state ’s capital , Jos , suffers bouts of the most brutal ethnic violence .
The latest took place before dawn on March 7th , when gangs attacked villages south of the city , razed houses and hacked their occupants with machetes .
The death toll is hard to know .
Aid and human - rights groups say that between 200 and 500 people were killed .
The police put the total at 109 .
Locals say the gang members belonged to the mainly Muslim Fulani tribe , whereas the villagers were mostly from the Christian Berom group .
The killings looked like revenge for a clash in Jos in January , when hundreds died , most of them Muslim , although there were Christian victims too .
“ This appears to be some kind of reprisal attack , ” said Robin Waudo , a spokesman for the Red Cross .
Jos is a tinderbox that sits in Nigeria ’s “ middle belt ” , between the country ’s predominantly Muslim north and largely Christian south .
The city and its surrounding villages witnessed similar clashes in 2001 , which by some accounts left some 1,000 killed , as well as in 2004 and 2008 .
Religious differences are just one factor .
Africa ’s most populous country struggles to contain 150 m people and 250 - odd ethnic groups .
Ethnic division is at the core of tension in Jos ; religion adds fuel to the fire .
Economic woes make matters worse .
The Christian Berom , the majority in this area , resent the economic success of settlers who are mainly Muslim , especially those who buy land .
“ Those who live here feel they ’re being edged out , ” says a resident .
The latest attacks will test Goodluck Jonathan , Nigeria ’s acting president , who had power thrust on him last month due to the three - month absence of the country ’s ailing head of state , Umaru Yar ’Adua , in a Saudi clinic .
Mr Yar ’Adua recently returned but has yet to be seen in public .
Rather reticent as vice - president , Mr Jonathan is becoming more forceful .
He put security forces on high alert and sent soldiers to the villages within hours of the attacks .
The army was dispatched to Jos after the January clashes .
The police say they have arrested some 200 people .
Among other moves , Mr Jonathan has hired a new national security adviser .
But this was more about the national power game than the Jos massacre .
The acting president ’s political base has recently strengthened , though he remains a largely unknown entity .
Mr Yar ’Adua ’s camp is losing ground with each day that he fails to reappear .
Abdullahi Sarki Mukhtar , who was sacked by Mr Jonathan as security adviser , was a key ally of Mr Yar ’Adua .
There is scepticism in Jos that the authorities will bring a lasting peace .
A curfew has been in force for more than a year .
Those arrested after previous clashes have rarely been convicted .
A probe set up by Mr Yar ’Adua into the killings of 2008 failed to have any serious effect , as did earlier inquiries .
Many residents say that local politicians stir ethnic and religious feelings to win votes .
“ They align themselves with people to get what they want , ” says Patience Dassah at the League for Human Rights in Jos .
How much is Domino ’s really charging for pizza ?
Students use slope , y - intercept , and linear equations to explore the costs of different - sized pizzas at Domino ’s and debate whether the pizza chain should be more transparent in its pricing .
Has the global economy recovered ?
Forecasters say there will be an uptick this year of 2.4 percent , but they ’re forgetting something .
China could fail soon , and , if it does , the world ’s most populous state will drag the rest of us down .
At this moment , a Chinese crisis seems like the last thing we should be worried about .
After all , last year China overtook America as the planet ’s largest car market and passed Germany as the biggest exporter .
On Thursday , Beijing announced that growth for the fourth quarter of 2009 was 10.7 percent and 8.7 percent for the entire year .
Some analysts said the numbers were so strong that the country zoomed past Japan to become the world ’s second - largest economy .
Stock markets , property prices , you name it : Everything Chinese is soaring .
Dubai was once soaring , too .
Global markets therefore , shuddered in November at the news that Dubai World , Dubai ’s state investment firm and biggest corporate debtor , had asked for an extension on its $ 59 billion of obligations .
Troubles in the booming emirate had been evident for some time , but stock investors were nonetheless caught unawares , apparently thinking a default would not occur .
They were obviously wrong .
Global markets , for the time being , got past the shock , in part because the emirate is small .
China , on the other hand , is not .
Legendary short - seller James Chanos , who predicted the failures of Enron and Tyco , calls the country “ Dubai times 1,000 – or worse . ”
Like Dubai at the beginning of last year , China is now reaching the peak of a bubble .
At first glance , there is not much that connects the tiny city - state with the continent - sized nation .
Yet both of them suffer from overexpansion .
China ’s export - led economic model delivered spectacular growth in the post - cold - war period of seemingly never ending globalization and economic development .
Yet global trade is now stagnant after dropping significantly last year .
As a result of troubles abroad , Chinese exports declined 16.0 percent in 2009 .
There is little prospect for a sustained recovery this year .
Beijing , ignoring advice from Washington and other capitals , did not in the boom times try to restructure its economy to favor consumption .
Instead , the Chinese government sought to take maximum advantage of then - surging foreign demand .
The role of consumption , therefore declined – falling from a historical average of 60 percent of the economy to about 30 percent last year .
No country has a lower rate .
To make up for slumping demand abroad and sluggish consumer spending at home , the State Council , the central government ’s cabinet , announced a stimulus plan in November 2008 .
Beijing originally said it would spend $ 586 billion through 2010 .
In the first full year of the program however , it has directly and through state banks disbursed about $ 1.1 trillion in stimulus funds .
The plan , not surprisingly , is creating gross domestic product , but growth is an artificial “ sugar high . ”
For one thing , Beijing ’s stimulus spending last year was around a quarter of the total economy .
Now , perhaps as much as 95 percent of China ’s growth is attributable to state investment , as a Chinese analyst noted recently .
Despite the massive state spending , the country ’s economy is not particularly robust .
Power consumption statistics , a crucial indicator of economic activity , show the economy expanding at only two - thirds the announced rate .
Moreover , essentially flat consumer prices last year belie official reports of roaring retail sales .
So does the full - year 11.2 percent decline in imports , another sign of sluggish domestic demand .
And if the economy is really growing by double digits , why is Beijing insisting on continuing its stimulus ?
Yet however fast the economy is growing , China ’s policies are unsustainable .
First , the central government will be hard pressed to find the money to continue the spending spree .
Budget deficits are going up fast , a constraint on additional expenditures .
More important , Beijing ’s regulators are concerned that the state banks , the primary source of stimulus funds , are overextending themselves and accumulating bad loans .
New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman , however , thinks none of this will be a problem .
Arguing that China is not the next Enron , he gives this advice to Mr. Chanos : “ Never short a country with $ 2 trillion in foreign currency reserves . ”
Yet Beijing ’s record - setting reserves – now $ 2.4 trillion – are essentially unusable for this purpose .
Why ?
China ’s leaders need local currency , the renminbi , to deal with domestic needs .
If they convert reserves into renminbi , they will cause the currency to zoom up in value and choke off the critical export sector .
Foreign reserves have only limited uses in domestic crises .
Second , the state ’s stimulus plan is taking the nation in the wrong direction .
It is favoring large state enterprises over small and medium - sized private firms , and state financial institutions are diverting credit to state - sponsored infrastructure .
Over the past three decades , China ’s economy has expanded at an average annual rate of 9.9 percent because of the private sector , but now Beijing is renationalizing the economy with state cash .
Third , Beijing ’s flooding of state enterprises with government cash will undermine their competitiveness , as a similar tide of money severely damaged Japan ’s corporations during the bubble years .
Japanese managers discovered they could make more money managing cash than from anything else , and they therefore neglected their underlying businesses .
Essentially the same thing is happening in China .
About a fifth of state bank loans have found their way into the country ’s climbing stock markets , and another large portion is fueling property market bubbles .
Worst of all , Macau casinos have enjoyed a recent boom , apparently attracting high - rolling Chinese cadres betting diverted stimulus money .
Finally , stimulus spending , as time goes on , becomes less effective in creating growth .
The country already has one empty new city – Ordos in Inner Mongolia – and thousands of vacant facilities , especially shopping malls .
New factories are underutilized .
For all its faults , the State Council ’s spending program is just about the only thing generating growth at this moment .
Unfortunately for the government , its plan is also creating imbalances and dislocations that will be difficult to handle this year .
Chinese officials , working in a state - led economy , once had the ability to defer problems .
Yet the challenges they face have grown over time as they have pursued pro-growth policies instead of implementing structural change .
And that is why , when their growth policies run out of steam – as they soon will – China will become the next Dubai .
Only bigger .
Gordon G. Chang is the author of “ The Coming Collapse of China ” and “ Nuclear Showdown : North Korea Takes on the World . ”
© 2010 Global Viewpoint Network / Tribune Media Services .
Hosted online by The Christian Science Monitor .
---
Have something to say ?
Join the conversation with other fans of the Monitor on Facebook !
I apologize for making you read so much .
But , as long as you ’re getting a headache , why not play this game and go all - out ?
You ’ll probably last 5.42 minutes before needing Advil and a nap .
Anti piracy measures are always a hot topic , especially for the PC platform , and over the past few weeks there have been a couple of cases in point – the Ubisoft Assassins Creed 2 and EA Command & Conquer 4 online verification systems .
If you have n’t been keeping up , these DRM systems require players to connect to servers for verification , and then to remain connected in order to play and save progress .
Of course , these are n’t the first attempts at anti-piracy measures – the gaming industry has been battling the problem pretty much from day one .
Below is a look at some of the innovative methods employed over the decades .
Lenslok
Lenslok was used primarily on systems that used easily duplicated tape cassettes such as the 8bit Atari’s , the ZX Spectrum , and the Commodore 64 of the late 70’s and early 80’s .
The anti-piracy measure consisted of a foldable plastic viewing device which housed a plastic prism .
The Lenslok fit in the cassette case with the game , and was used for many prominent titles of the time , such as space sim Elite .
The Lenslok was held up over a scrambled image on the screen , revealing a code that had to be entered to continue loading the game .
Unfortunately the system suffered from some technical errors , such as incorrectly calibrated televisions displaying an image too small or too large to be decoded by the prism .
There were also cases of the incorrect Lenslok being distributed with a game , obviously rendering the product unusable .
Not only was Lenslok the first case of DRM , but the first case of DRM causing an inconvenience to legitimate customers .
Forced read error
As floppy disks became all the rage in the early 1980 ’s some software developers introduced a scheme that forced a read error , which usually had the effect of forcing the drive head back to track 0 for another attempt at reading the data , and stymieing attempts to duplicate disks .
Some crude methods of implementing this system involved creating a hole in the disk with a laser .
It was debateable as to whether these holes caused additional wear and tear on the already fragile drive heads , but soon enough software was developed to bypass the read error system altogether .
A similar system known as LaserLock which used unreadable data segments would appear in CD copy protection for games such as Fallout 2 and Icewind Dale .
This was also overcome .
Code wheels and manuals
In the late 80’s and early 90’s , physical distribution was pretty much the only way to get games out to customers , and publishers not only battled with piracy , but also the second hand and illegal rental markets .
In an effort to thwart these ne ’er - do - wells games came bundled with materials essential to passing copy protection checks and progressing in the game – materials difficult and costly for large scale pirate outfits to duplicate , and often lost or destroyed by the time the game made its way to the second hand market .
Code wheels required matching images on two or more cipher wheels , and manual codes asked the player to refer to certain words , lines , paragraphs and pages in the game manual .
This usually took place before the game loaded , but many games also required a player to refer to a manual of other material at a crucial point in the game .
As photocopiers proliferated , the code system had to evolve to compensate , using dark papers that did not copy well , or coloured text obscured by another coloured random pattern , only discernable by using the corresponding coloured viewing film .
This method began to die out as the Internet grew , and CD - ROM media with embedded protection became popular among publishers .
Developers get sneaky
In the late 80’s and early 90 ’s Nintendo pretty much defined console gaming , but this also ushered in the first era of large scale global piracy .
The cartridges were easily reproduced by nefarious pirate outfits who also reverse engineered the consoles , and even sold their own versions of the hardware .
Original Nintendo console protection chips were quickly bypassed , so Nintendo started placing chips into their cartridges , preventing them from being played on modded or fake systems .
Even so , the pirates were determined to work around these issues , so developers started to outwit them .
By inserting checks to detect if the original game files had been modified , and then implementing annoying hindrances and game breaking moments into the experience , developers made the process of bypassing copy protection much more complicated and time consuming for the pirates .
A classic example from the NES era is the game Earthbound which would display warnings about piracy before allowing the player to continue .
The player would then be assaulted by almost near impossible numbers of enemies throughout the game .
If they managed to survive to the final battle , the game would freeze and delete all saves .
Many developers have adopted a process of not only making the detection and removal of copy protection as difficult and time consuming as possible , but of adding further gameplay hindrances that occur when modification of the original code is detected .
This means that crackers will have to comb the entirety of the game code and play through the game many times in order to detect all measures .
A classic example was the Playstation release of Spyro 3 , which took over 2 months to be cracked completely , although it was released during the height of Playstation piracy .
A more recent example would be Batman : Arkham Asylum , which included game breaking effects when a crack was detected .
With a large percentage of game sales being made within the first months of release , it pays to hinder the crackers as much as possible .
The future
As far as this humble writer ’s opinion goes , it would appear that measures requiring some sort of verification of authenticity via the Internet will become the standard in years to come .
It will be up to publishers to work out how invasive this process is to the gamer ’s experience .
Discuss DRM over the ages in the forums
CANNABIS CULTURE – A police officer who supports the legalization of marijuana was barred from speaking at a harm reduction conference by the Victoria Police Department .
David Bratzer , an active - duty Victoria , British Columbia policeman who is part of the anti-prohibition group Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) , was planning to speak about his views at a city - sponsored drug policy and harm reduction conference on Wednesday , March 3 .
“ Even though the event is scheduled outside of his regular work hours , management from the Victoria Police Department , without Bratzer ’s knowledge , informed city staff that he was being withdrawn from speaking , ” a LEAP press release states .
“ Then on February 24 , a senior officer at the department directly ordered Bratzer not to participate in the event . ”
“ I will not be attending this event , ” Bratzer said , “ but I would like to thank the City of Victoria for the invitation to be part of an honest and open discussion about harm reduction .
I will try to find other venues to present my views about drug policy . ”
Bratzer has spoken about his views at a number of drug policy venues , including delivering testimony to the Senate Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs in Ottawa , and has , according to LEAP , “ always taken pains to state that his opinions are his own and do not reflect the views of his employer ” .
“ We feel that because he works in this community as a police officer and he is a very public figure , that it would be confusing to have him speaking about his views on social policy , ” Sgt. Grant Hamilton of the Victoria Police said in an interview with A Channel News .
After learning of attempts to muzzle the officer , the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association ( BCCLA ) filed a complaint with the Victoria Police Board .
“ In light of this allegation , the BCCLA is concerned that the Victoria Police Department is taking an unduly punitive and anti-free speech position without justification , ” the BCCLA said in a press release .
“ Where an off - duty communication by a member is a critique or endorsement of government or department policy , and is not stated or implied in that communication that the member is unable or unwilling to enforce the law impartially and according to his or her statutory and professional duties , it is inappropriate for a police department to interfere with that communication . ”
“ The voices of front - line officers who are charged with enforcing the drug laws are incredibly important to the public debate on drug policy issues , ” said LEAP ’s executive director Jack Cole , who is a retired narcotics detective .
“ Preventing an officer from sharing his firsthand perspective about the harms of our current drug laws with policymakers is a disservice to the entire democratic process . ”
Add your support for law enforcers ’ rights to free speech by signing LEAP ’s online petition for Bratzer .
Go to the Law Enforcement Against Prohibition website .
There are millions of people suffering from bad breath .
In fact , it should be pretty safe to say that everyone suffers from it from time to time depending on what was just eaten .
Yet , there are people that do suffer from bad breath all of the time and those people are looking for relief .
Obviously , bad breath can harm relationships and even your career .
Therefore , you have to be careful on this account .
Not all mouthwash is created equal .
For example , there is a difference between covering up a problem and attacking its root cause .
Mouthwash may only be part of the equation .
Other things like chewing xylitol gum or using a nasal and sinus irrigator can have an impact on whether you have bad breath or not too !
However , this article is about bad breath mouthwash , so I will focus on that for now .
As you are well aware there are many mouthwashes on the market that claim to help in various ways .
First , I want to focus on what you do NOT need in a mouthwash .
Have you ever picked up a bottle of mouthwash and examined the label ?
Sometimes you see the names of chemicals that span far to many syllables .
I really think that any mouthwash that is relying on chemicals with really long names are not necessary .
What we make in laboratories is not always good for us .
Sometimes we figure out decades later that some substance is harmful in a different way than was initially looked for .
What about alcohol laden mouthwash .
Here too is a problem .
Alcohol has a powerful drying effect on the mucous membranes of the mouth .
When those membranes become less moist , the bacteria really like that .
It allows them to multiply more rapidly .
Have you ever smelled the breath of someone who recently rinsed their mouth with an alcohol laden mouthwash .
It is really like another kind of bad breath !
Nothing was really accomplished by using it !
When combating bad breath , you are really looking to reduce the population of VSC or Volatile Sulfur Compound producing bacteria .
These are the kind that can really give you a severe case of bad breath .
There is another aspect to many mouthwashes that is lacking .
That is pH balance .
You see , much like the less moist mucous membranes mentioned above a low or acidic pH can cause the bacteria that are plaguing you to multiply more rapidly – they love an acidic environment .
This is slightly similar to the pH balance of a fish tank .
You have to monitor that pH for the health of your fish .
Well , your mouth is also concerned with this .
Since the bacteria that cause bad breath are often anaerobic in nature , which simply means that they like to avoid oxygen , then it is too our benefit to place oxygen in their environment .
It will either slow them down drastically or cause them to die .
Therefore , you want two major things in your mouthwash for bad breath .
You want pH balance and oxygen .
Not many mouthwashes can deliver them .
I know of two brands and only two that have both of these components .
Click Here to Read More about Bad Breath Mouthwash
David Snape is the author of the book : What You Should Know about Gum Disease .
ISBN : 978-0981485508 – Available online at most book retailer sites .
It can also be ordered by most book stores .
Disclaimer :
This article is for information and entertainment purposes only .
It does not intend to render advice , diagnosis or treatment .
If you have or think you might have gum disease or any other health problem , visit your periodontist or physician for advice , diagnosis and treatment .
The USFDA has not evaluated statements about products in this article .
" As a practitioner and teacher of integrative medicine for the last thirty years , it has been my personal mission to drive research , education , and clinical practice to advance a philosophy of health that addresses mind , body and spirit .
I believe that integrative medicine is the future of medicine and health care . "
More of our young soldiers are now killing themselves than are being killed in our wars in the Middle East .
The sad statistics are at the end of this article , but the following poem by a 24 - year - old former Marine , who slashed his wrists twice after four years of duty and two tours of combat , tells it all .
You fell off the seat as the handlebars turned
sharp left , throwing your body onto
the hot coals of Ramadi pavement ,
intertwining your legs within your bicycle .
Lifeless eyes looking to the sky ,
your neck muscles twitched turning your head
directly towards us .
Nothing escaped your
lips except for the blood in the left corner
of your mouth that briefly moistened them
until the sand and dust dried them out .
The blood trail went behind the stone wall
where your body was placed , weighed down
by your blue bicycle and we laughed .
I used to fall asleep to the pictures and now
I ca n’t even bear to get a glimpse .
Excerpted from “ The Bicycle ” by Jon Michael Turner
The military “ broke me down into a not - good person , wearing a huge mask , ” Turner told the audience at his poetry reading in San Francisco ’s Beat Museum , in North Beach .
The March 12 event – on the birthday of “ Beatnik ” literary icon Jack Kerouac – was organized by the venerable Jack Hirschman , San Francisco ’s 2006 Poet Laureate , and by the local IVAW ( Iraq Veterans Against the War ) .
Jon read from his small , self - published book “ Eat the Apple ” and from several large pages of dark green hand - made paper – the product of The Combat Paper Book Project , where 125 vets , ranging from World War II through Vietnam to Iraq and Afghanistan , shredded their uniforms to make books for their poetry .
“ Poetry saved my life , ” Jon told us , more than once .
The Burlington , Vermont native was accompanied by his father and step - mother on a coast to coast series of readings from the little book whose name comes from a play on the word “ core . ”
The flyer for the evening reading stated :
“ There ’s a term ‘ Once a Marine , always a Marine , ' ” Turner says , ripping his medals off and flinging them to the ground .
As the room explodes in applause he adds , “ But there ’s also the expression :
‘ Eat the apple , f*ck the corps .
I do n’t work for you no more ! ' ”
Jon walks with a cane and was physically injured in battle , but only his poetry reveals his invisible wounds , as in these excerpts from “ A Night in the Mind of Me – part 1 ”
The train hits you head on when you hear of another
friend whose life was just taken .
Pulling his cold lifeless body from the cooler ,
unzipping the bag and seeing his forehead ,
caved in like a cereal bowl from the sniper ’s bullet
that touched his brain .
His skin was pale and cold .
It becomes difficult to sleep even after being
physically drained from patrols , post ,
overwatches and carrying five hundred
sandbags up eighty feet of stairs after
each post cycle .
The psychiatrists still wonder why we
drink so heavy when we get home .
We need something to take us away
from the gunfire , explosions ,
sand , nightmares and screams ……….
I still ca n’t cry .
The tears build up but no weight is shed .
Anger kicks in and something else
becomes broken .
A cabinet
An empty bottle of liquor
A heart
A soul .
People still look away as we submit ourselves
to drugs and alcohol to suppress these
feelings of loneliness and sadness ,
leading to self mutilation and
self destruction on the gift of a human body .
The ditch that we dug starts to cave in .
And from “ A Night in the Mind of Me – part 2 : ”
Laughter pours out from the house as if nothing
were the matter , when outside in a chair , underneath
a tree , next to the chickens , I sit ,
engulfed in my own sorrows … …
Resting on the ground is my glass ,
half filled with water but I do n’t have
enough courage to pick it up and smash it against
my skull so that everyone can watch blood
pool in the pockets where my collar
bones meet my dead weighted shoulders , …
Every time I ’m up , something pulls me down ,
whenever I relax , something stresses me out ,
every time a smile tugs on my heart , an
iron fist crushes it , and I sit outside in a chair ,
underneath a tree , next to the chickens ,
away from the ones that I love so
that my disease wo n’t infect them .
Sorrow and self - pity should be detained ,
thrown into an empty bottle and given to the
ocean so that the waves can wash away the pain .
One wonders why this slightly - built , sensitive young man joined the Marines in 2004 at the age of 18 ( he was sent first to Haiti at the time of the U.S. - backed February coup that ousted the populist and democratic President Jean - Bertrand Aristide ) .
Jon revealed that he came from a military family whose participation in every American conflict stretches back to the Revolutionary War .
His father is clearly too young to have gone to Vietnam , but could have easily been in one or both of the Bushes ’ wars .
Jon ’s big brother is also a soldier , ironically now in Haiti after the earthquake .
Of the American military , Jon now writes in “ What May Come ” :
tap , tap
That ’s the sound of the man at your door ,
I ’m sorry but you wo n’t see your son alive anymore ,
my name is Uncle Sam and I made your boy a whore .
And , from “ Just Thoughts ” :
I often wonder
if this will be the rest of my life .
Schizophrenic , paranoid , anxious .
That guy that walks around the city center that
people steer their children away from .
“ Mommy , who ’s that man walking next
to the crazy guy ? ”
“ Oh that ’s just Uncle Sam sweetheart , he takes
the souls from young men so that
they have trouble sleeping at night ”
“ It takes the Courage and Strength of a Warrior to ask for Help ” – we ’ve all seen the ads , on billboards and busses , with the silhouette of a down - cast soldier against a back drop of the stars and stripes , and a 1 - 800 Help Line just for vets , provided by the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline , the Department of Health and Human Services , and the Department of Veterans Affairs .
But “ The Surge ” in self - inflicted deaths continues , with our military reporting 350 suicides of active duty personnel in 2009 , compared to 340 combat deaths in Afghanistan , and 160 in Iraq during the same year – the highest active duty military suicide numbers since records began to be kept in 1980 .
And for every death , at least five serving personnel are hospitalized for attempting to take their life , according to the military ’s own studies .
But these statistics do not include the far larger number of post - active duty veterans who kill themselves after discharge , or , like Jon Michael Turner , who make the attempt .
( Vietnam veteran suicides number easily in the tens of thousands . )
A CBS study put the current suicide rate among male veterans aged 20 to 24 at four times the national average .
According to CNN , total combat deaths since 2001 ( 8+ years ) in Afghanistan are now 1,016 ; since 2003 ( 7 years ) in Iraq 4,390 – totaling 5,406 as of March 21 , 2010 .
However the Veteran ’s Administration estimates that 6,400 veterans take their own lives each year – an ever growing proportion of them from the recent Mid-East wars – with this figure widely disputed as being way too low .
Multiply 6,400 by seven or eight years to compare the numbers of our young soldiers that are now killing themselves , to those being killed in our wars and occupations .
The last word belongs to Jon Michael Turner , from “ Taught How To Love ” :
I ’m sick of carrying this pain
everywhere I go .
I ’m sick of being
thanked for my service .
I ’d rather
have society thank the people that
do n’t believe in war , or thank
the people that get arrested for
an act of civil disobedience , or
thank the people that resist .
________
To buy “ Eat the Apple , ” contact Jon M. Turner , Seven Star Press , 4 Howard Street Suite 12 , Burlington , VT 05401 ; E-mail : JT@greendoorstudio.net
See also : www.IVAW.org ( Iraq Veterans Against the War )
Photo : Jack Hirschman , 2006 Poet Laureate of San Francisco , with Iraq War vet Jon Michael Turner .
Nadya Williams
What causes an organic matter fire ? |
What is spontaneous combustion ? |
Fire in compost piles |
Fire - how to put it out Fire is a serious concern at anytime and anywhere .
Some fires can start in compost and may cause the loss of property or lives .
Fires are more common at composting facilities than most realize .
What Causes an Organic Matter Fire ?
Fire requires oxygen and fuel , which is provided by the organic materials typically composted .
Compost fires can be caused by spontaneous combustion , lightning strikes , heat from equipment or vehicles , sparks from welding activities , wildfires and arson .
Spontaneous combustion is the most common cause .
What is Spontaneous Combustion ?
Spontaneous combustion occurs when materials self - heat to a temperature high enough to cause them to ignite .
Typically , composting materials ignite at temperatures between 150 and 200°C .
As the temperature rises , the speed of temperature increase also rises .
For example , heat is generated about 16 times faster at 100 °C than at 60 °C because the reaction rate approximately doubles with each 10 °C rise in temperature .
In a compost pile , the organic matter and microbial activity generate heat from the biological activities ; this activity causes the compost temperature to reach 70 to 80°C .
At this point , the microorganisms die or become dormant , and the biological heating stops .
From that point to the temperature at which organic materials ignite ( 150 °C and higher ) , heat - releasing chemical reactions take over .
These actions include chemical oxidation , slow pyrolysis ( chemical decomposition brought about by heat ) and condensation of gases within dry charred particles .
Fire in Compost Piles
What is the recipe for spontaneous combustion in compost ?
Key conditions biological activity
relatively dry materials
dry pocket
large well insulated piles
limited air flow
time for temperature to build up
Other factors non-uniform mix of materials
poor moisture distribution
difficult to know temperature throughout a pile
lapse or oversight in monitoring
These conditions are all more prevalent within large undisturbed piles that contain raw feedstocks , curing compost and finished compost than in an active composting system .
Biological activity generates heat within organic matter , a goal for composting .
However , the temperature is controlled by heat loss through evaporation of moisture , aeration and sometimes mechanical turning .
The moisture content of a pile may become too low , reducing the effectiveness of the material to cool through evaporation and thus causing the temperature to rise above desirable levels ( above 60°C ) .
The critical moisture range that supports spontaneous combustion is roughly 20 to 45 percent , while the optimal range for composting is typically 50 to 60 percent .
Large piles may inhibit air exchange , therefore not allowing the material to cool .
The combination of organic materials with low moisture contents in a large unmonitored pile with limited air exchange is a prescription for spontaneous combustion .
Are there different types of fires ?
In large piles with limited oxygen , a smoldering fire starts when materials reach their ignition temperature .
This type of fire is inefficient , producing gases , smoke and heat , but no light .
When more oxygen is present , a glowing fire can occur , producing smoke , more heat and higher temperatures .
With abundant oxygen , a flaming fire with very high temperatures will ensue .
Warning : a large pile containing a smoldering fire could change to a flaming fire if the material is opened up , and oxygen is allowed to fuel the fire .
How can you prevent fires and be prepared for one ?
Meet with your local fire department , and discuss compost fires and guidelines to handle the fires if they begin .
Explain the composting process and the organic matter that may be stored .
Typically , fire departments will use water on compost fires , which may not be the best first step .
Have an agreement with the fire department about when to call them .
For example , if there is smoke , call the fire department .
Consider how to handle all the water that will run off the site as a result of fighting a fire .
The run -off will carry nutrients , compost and ash .
Have the correct equipment on site such as water , fire hoses , related hardware , equipment for moving material and written guidelines .
Consider equipment such as tractors and skid steers as they could be used to fight a fire .
Ensure operators understand how to use this equipment safely during a fire .
Monitor your organic material for hotspots - high temperature ( 76 to 80 °C ) , vents , smoke or burnt smell .
Ensure temperature monitoring equipment can reach the centre of the piles .
Ensure adequate ventilation and moisture content ( above 40 % ) of pile to release heat .
Avoid large piles - no greater than 12 feet high .
Emergency response kit
Compost facilities should consider creating an emergency response kit as part of their overall fire prevention plan , such as the one developed by California composter Matt Cotton of Intergrated Waste Management Consulting .
Here are some of his suggestions .
The kit should be designed for easy access and portability .
In an emergency , the kit could be placed on a front - end loader or forklift and rushed to the fire scene .
Each facility should evaluate its own emergency response needs to build their kit. 400 feet of fire hose ( 1 1/2 inch diameter )
one 1 1/2 inch fire hose Y
two 1 1/2 inch diameter fire hose nozzles
one fire hydrant wrench
two ABC 20 - pound fire extinguishers
keys for the necessary equipment
response card with instructions for fire pump operation and an emergency call list .
Fire - How to Put it Out
Surface fire - from lightning strikes , sparks or heat from equipment , etc .
The proper response and procedures for attacking surface fires are best obtained from the fire department .
Applying water or chemicals usually works for surface fires .
Spontaneous combustion
Do not aerate the material - added airflow feeds chemical oxidation thus fueling the fire .
Equipment or operators should never climb on top of the material when a fire is suspected .
Remove material from the pile until the burning sections are isolated and quenched .
Remove coolest material from the edges of the pile first .
As material is removed spread on the ground or stack in small piles to cool .
Apply water or chemicals to hot material .
Warning : Smothering a burning pile with soil and waiting for it to cool is not a practical strategy for an internal fire unless the pile can be allowed to sit in place for a long time , sometimes up to two years .
Information adopted from
Rynk , R. 2000 .
Fires at composting facilities : causes and conditions .
BioCycle Journal of Composting and Recycling .
January : 54 .
Rynk , R. 2000 .
Fires at composting facilities : handling and extinguishing fires .
BioCycle Journal of Composting and Recycling .
February : 58 .
Source : Agdex 086- 9 . April 2006 .
Hello .
My name is Brandon Aaron and I'm a software consultant at freshcod.es .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
An excellent guide for students considering STEM courses , graduates pondering job choices , and career changers at any stage in life .
A useful tool for school and career counselors , recruiters , and HR pros eager to diversify their workplaces .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
Sun Microsystems ' loss was Google 's gain on Monday , as former Sun guru Tim Bray announced that he 's joined Google 's Android push in the role of Developer Advocate .
" Google and I have been a plausible match for a long time , " Bray wrote in a blog post announcing the decision .
" Web - centric , check .
Search , check .
Open - source , check .
The list goes on . "
Still , " the reason I 'm here is mostly Android , " he added , calling the platform " about as unambiguously a good thing as the tangled wrinkly human texture of the Net can sustain just now . "
Bray resigned in late February from his position as director of Web technologies at Sun and declined an offer from Oracle in the meantime , he said .
He will work remotely for Google from his current Vancouver , B.C. , location .
Open Source Advocate
A longtime open source advocate , Bray 's background includes cofounding the Open Text Corporation as well as launching Canadian business analytics firm Antarctica Systems .
He also worked on XML for the World Wide Web Consortium .
Bray has written numerous software applications , including Unix file system benchmarking tool Bonnie , XML processor Lark and APE -- the Atom Protocol Exerciser .
In his new role at Google , Bray did n't waste time before firing a few shots at Apple .
' A Sterile , Disney - fied Walled Garden '
The iPhone platform is " a sterile Disney - fied walled garden surrounded by sharp - toothed lawyers , " Bray wrote .
" The people who create the apps serve at the landlord 's pleasure and fear his anger .
I hate it . "
The iPhone 's hardware and software may be great , but " freedom 's not just another word for anything , nor is it an optional ingredient , " he explained .
" Apple apparently thinks you can have the benefits of the Internet while at the same time controlling what programs can be run and what parts of the stack can be accessed and what developers can say to each other , " he added .
" I think they 're wrong and see this job as a chance to help prove it . "
Bray also admitted he still has much to learn about the platform : " Are you an Android developer ?
Or might you become one ?
Or have you given up on Android ?
If you 're any of these , you 're a person I need to learn from , " he said .
' A Win for Both '
" Bray 's addition to Google generally and to Android specifically is a win for both , " RedMonk analyst Stephen O'Grady told LinuxInsider .
" Tim 's intimately familiar with the Java ecosystem and , better , what it 's done right and what it 's done wrong .
For that alone , his hiring would be worth it . "
Even more important , however , is Bray 's open - mindedness , O'Grady said .
" He has never been a Java bigot ; he was a staunch advocate for dynamic languages and the REST architectural style during his tenure at Sun , " O'Grady explained .
" Whether that experience will manifest itself directly within the Android project is unclear , but he 'll certainly look to keep the ecosystem as open as possible . "
In short , " Google just gained themselves a widely respected and pragmatic developer advocate , " he concluded .
' A Good Match '
Indeed , " it is a shrewd move to bring Tim Bray in as a figurehead for Android development , " 451 group analyst Jay Lyman agreed .
" As he 's already demonstrated with some of his comments about the competition , he 's not afraid to speak his mind nor to challenge others , whether he is competing or collaborating with them . "
Lyman recently wrote a like - minded blog post about Apple and the opportunity it 's created by keeping its platform closed .
While such assets have a potential to " contribute to further fragmentation for Android , " they should serve him well in his new role , Lyman predicted .
" His technical and software development accomplishment and background combined with his outgoing nature should make him a good match for head Android wrangler , " Lyman told LinuxInsider .
Most people do n’t realise just how debilitating it can be to have to live with a disability .
There are many different types of disability , and a lot of them are n’t even visible on the surface .
Instead , they linger as mental health problems , unseen physical health problems and even degenerative diseases .
Because of this , a lot of people suffer from disability discrimination within the workplace .
Essentially , this is when a disabled employee ( regardless of the disability ) is treated differently from their able - bodied coworkers .
This can range from not having the tools and training to work effectively to not being granted appropriate time off or breaks to manage your disability .
And unfortunately , ongoing disability discrimination can lead to low self - worth , depression and various mental health issues .
Because of this , we ’ve put together the following guide to help you deal with the negative mental effects of disability discrimination .
Do n’t Suffer Alone
First , it ’s extremely important to make sure that you never suffer alone , regardless of how embarrassed you are about your mental health and / or disability .
There are thousands of people across Australia suffering from similar problems and discrimination , and support is available .
For starters , tell someone close to you about your struggles .
This could be a partner , family member or even just a close friend .
Seek advice from a psychologist if required , and do n’t hesitate to seek legal advice in the case of ongoing disability discrimination .
( more … )
By Richard Mankiewicz
Created Mar 5 2010 - 2:56am
“ First , one must consider whether it is possible to perform complex acts while asleep .
To answer this , we should view the brain as a network of different groups of neurons , which may be variably active .
Many subcortical and cortical neurons are indeed inactive during sleep .
However , the reticular formation and hippocampal structures , for example , will react even during sleep to any external stimuli , initiating movement to preserve the integrity of the body .
On the other hand , cortical structures are normally very active during REM sleep as part of the dream mentation .
Also , a good measure of primary and secondary ( higher - order ) functioning is preserved during sleep , which may give an impression that , during a parasomnic episode , something exists that could be viewed as purposeful act .
However , a person experiencing a parasomnic event does not have a fully “ awakened ” brain — some of the cortical structures , such as those responsible for memorizing and learning or those that help us to distinguish events from objective reality and intrinsic experiences , remain inactive , making some of the higher - order functions , including the consciousness , impaired . ”
Making love in the middle of the night while both of you are half asleep is undoubtedly pleasurable .
But what if you suddenly realize that your partner is still asleep ; not just half asleep but fully asleep on the job ?
If so , then he or she may be suffering from sexsomnia , a rare sleep disorder involving sexual behaviour .
Strangely , the first paper to discuss sexsomnia appeared as late as 1996 in Sleep Research where it was still called “ sexual behaviour in sleep ” ( SBS ) .
The first attempt to define this seemingly new sleep disorder was in the June 2003 issue of The Canadian Journal of Psychiatry .
In this research , sexsomnia is classed as one of many parasomnias , which also include things such as sleep - walking and talking .
A parasomnia in general is a dissociated sleep state with a partial arousal due to a transition between the sleeping and waking states .
But whereas sexual dreams and sleep orgasms have been well documented , why has sexsomnia only recently emerged from under the covers ?
One thing that sets this disorder apart from all the other parasomnias is that it most often involves a second person .
If that person is your partner then they may not even be aware that you 're actually still asleep and be a willing participant in the act .
One commenter on a New Scientist article admitted that this is exactly what happens , and it is only when he sometimes awakens from his sleep state that he is shocked to find what he is in the middle of doing .
His concern is whether in the future he may do something harmful to his partner yet be completely oblivious to his actions .
Indeed , although the neurophysiology of such behaviour remains unknown , it has not taken long for it to be accepted as a defence against some alleged rape cases .
The first such case was in 2005 , when a Toronto court acquitted a man of sexual assault because he claimed to suffer from sexsomnia .
The court classed his state of mind as “ non-insane automatism ” ; he could not be found guilty as he had no conscious awareness of his actions .
The Ontario Court of Appeal later upheld the original decision but expect the man to undergo a mental health review to decide on appropriate treatment – this last aspect is still to be decided .
In legal terms , sexsomnia is thus being treated as a form of sleep - walking .
Although it is still not known why some people suffer from this condition , the above case also highlights some of the common triggers , which include previous sleep deprivation and an excessive consumption of alcohol and other drugs .
These , plus stress , are also well - known triggers for other parasomnias such as sleep - walking .
However , such sleep disorders are considered common in children ( an estimated 15 % of the child population ) and to decrease in adulthood ( to about 6 % of the population ) , and yet are thought normal in children but a psychopathology in adults .
But perhaps such parasomnias do not suddenly disappear in adulthood but go largely unreported , sometimes becoming sexual .
One case study in the CJP article was of a man diagnosed initially with sleep - driving ; his sexsomnia came out purely by accident .
“ This emerged at a “ routine ” follow - up at which the first author had commented to Mr W that his “ sleep - driving ” was being rivalled as the most unusual of parasomnias .
A description of sexsomnia was given , and Mr W responded by saying “ Oh , but I do that . ”
The disingenuous response by the interviewer “ but you never told me ” was followed by Mr W saying “ but you never asked . ”
Mr W’s 2 current girlfriends independently confirmed that he frequently engages in sexual behaviour while asleep .
One describes him as a “ different person ” during these activities — apparently , he is a more amorous and gentle lover and more oriented toward satisfying his partner when he is asleep . ”
Now , you can understand perfectly why this woman was not going to complain about a mere sleep disorder .
But is n't a plea of sexsomnia just too easy to fake ?
Not under a polysomnograph ( PSG ) , which measures different brainwave patterns during sleep .
In all the researched cases slow - wave sleep ( SWS ) is interrupted by inexplicable flashes of arousal from alpha - waves .
Some researchers think these may be mild epileptic discharges .
Such intrusions into deep sleep seem necessary but not in themselves sufficient to trigger an episode of sexsomnia .
The subjects also generally had experienced multiple types of parasomnia throughout their lives , so that the sexual angle was just one dimension of an overall problem in their sleep pattern .
The New Scientist article mentioned above was about a woman who would have sex with strangers while sleep - walking , thereby combining somnambulism with sexsomnia .
The woman was happily married so this was a shock both to her and her husband .
Repressed sexual fantasies tend to come out in dreams rather than sexsomnia – there is no satisfaction in being unconscious of acting out such fantasies .
Sexsomnia is classed as a non-REM ( NREM ) parasomnia and hence outside of the classic dream state .
But how accurate is our current knowledge of what goes on during sleep anyway ?
Our common picture of sleep being divided into a dreaming REM phase and a deep - sleep NREM phase is starting to show serious cracks .
The phase changes between conscious wakefulness and sleep can be experienced ; they are now called hypnagogia and hypnopompia .
Other parasomnias puncture the NREM phase and yet are not dreams .
There seems to be a prevalence to define anything out of the ordinary as a disorder when in fact it could just be uncommon because unspoken of out of ignorance .
A cursory look at Sleep Yoga and Dream Yoga from the Dzogchen school shows accurate descriptions of these phase changes , how to generate them and how to be aware of what the experiences are .
People are often frightened by such experiences , such as sleep paralysis , because nobody has taught them that the experience is normal , in the sense that it happens every night , yet unusual , in that we usual slip through that phase change without noticing .
The idea that we exist in one of two states - conscious or sleeping - may need to be replaced with a range of intermediate states .
The CJP article ends with some interesting thoughts .
Looking at the whole range of parasomnias , it seems that humans are perfectly able to walk , talk , eat , drive a car , have sex and even kill , all completely unconsciously !
This is a life with our consciousness wide shut .
Where has our awareness gone ?
How can we do so many things , and do them perfectly adequately , without a consciousness being conscious ?
In the Sleep Yoga I mentioned , one is trained to remain aware during sleep .
That may sound impossible to those trained to think of sleep as a dark oblivion but these glimpses into parasomnias show us that awareness may be possible in some of these states .
Without memory there is no recall of past events .
Is it still possible to be aware during an event and yet not have it stored in memory ?
Such questions have to be left for another time , and yet the researchers concede that there are important philosophical and neurophysiological questions .
As in the case of the sleep - driving sexsomniac , sometimes the most important step is in asking the right question .
Courtesy of David Shankbone Coming back to sexsomnia , there are a few treatments available but , as the condition is very new , I would consult a real expert on this to get a complete picture of other possible parasomnias .
You do n't want to be taking Clonazepam for no good reason .
But before any treatment must come a diagnosis and , much like sleep - walking and sleep - eating , the first indications of a problem may well come from another person , most probably your partner if you have one .
The problem is that you may at some point end up sleeping with someone who is less understanding and the truth may come out in a public court rather than the privacy of a clinic .
For those who think this sounds like fun , remember that it 's done unconsciously and the person does n't recall doing it – now where 's the fun in that ?
The American Humanist Association ( AHA ) , as a member of the Secular Coalition for America , participated in a meeting with the Obama Administration on Friday , February 26 , to discuss issues of concern to the nontheist movement .
The Secular Coalition for America 's Briefing with the Obama Administration marked the first time in history a presidential administration has held a national policy briefing with the nontheist community , signaling an unprecedented enthusiasm and willingness on the part of the Executive Branch to include nontheists in public discourse .
" We are very pleased to have had this opportunity to talk with the White House about issues that are important to the nontheist community , " said Roy Speckhardt , executive director of the American Humanist Association .
" Too often , nontheists have been disregarded by politicians and the public only because we do n't happen to believe in a god .
But by President Obama giving us a seat at the table , he has sent a powerful message that we hope others will also embrace :
What unites us is that we are all Americans -- not that we all share a belief in the same god or any god .
There is no faith prerequisite in wanting what 's best for our country . "
... The issues discussed included ways to improve the Faith - Based Initiative , ending military proselytizing , and protecting children from neglect and abuse that can occur due to a lack of government oversight over faith - healing treatment providers .
" We are optimistic that this is just the first of many such meetings with the Obama administration , " said Speckhardt .
Thumbs - up , with the tempered hope that this meeting was not for show and will result in material policy adjustments : Visible inclusion is important .
Access is important .
Butimportant is designing / supporting policy , and using rhetoric to defend those positions , with nontheists in mind .
For example , an administration that does not support same - sex marriage , particularly one that defends its continued prohibition on religious grounds , cannot rightfully assert to have anything but a religious position — and a limited religious position at that , given that some religious denominations are currently performing ( or , in California ) legal same - sex marriage ceremonies where allowable by state law .
The only viable position on the issue , as the issue of abortion , as another example , to accommodate the views of nontheists who lack religious objections , is full access and equality , granting individual opportunity to make use , or not make use , of rights as we each see fit .
[ H/T to Shaker Constant Comment . ]
I understand why a lot of people hated The Blair Witch Project .
When it was first released over a decade ago I did n’t understand the negativity , but it did n’t take long for me to figure it out .
And no , I ’m not blaming it on “ Hype Backlash , ” though that was probably a part of it .
Truth is , it ’s not a very good film .
It was , upon initial viewing , a great experience for me , but when you break down actual movie components like plotting , pacing , and acting , it ranges from serviceable to questionable .
I own the DVD and the movie itself has very little replay value .
I ’ve watched the faux - documentary several times but I ’ve only watched the movie itself twice in its entirety .
At the time , my best friend and I were practically obsessed with horror movies .
Now , we ’re longstanding movie fanatics in general , but our horror geekdom in the late 90’s was rapidly approaching critical mass .
Mind you , we were two tall , athletic black dudes who did okay with the ladies and did n’t shop at Hot Topic , so we did n’t fit the any visual stereotype for horror movie nerds .
Nonetheless , we were both enamored with horror movies , at a level that probably should have embarrassed us .
I spent an inordinate amount of time on the internet reading up on and discussing horror flicks .
This , of course , is how I ( along with many others ) came to know of The Blair Witch Project several months prior to its wide release .
I ca n’t remember where I first heard mention of it , but more than likely it was through Dark Horizons .
I do remember reading quotes from people who had attended advanced screenings .
One quote in particular stood out to me : “ I feel like I just got punched in the stomach . ”
There was n’t ever a time when I believed it was actually a “ true story . ”
Even back when I was still frequently awed by the sheer world - wideness of the web , my search - fu was strong .
Maybe not Bruce Lee strong , but at the very least Bruce Li strong .
Some simple web navigation uncovered that the story was entirely fictional –no missing film students , no basis for the legend–and I think that might have actually heightened my appreciation for the well - crafted backstory .
The most enduring element of Blair Witch for me is the “ fakelore ” at its foundation .
I find the idea of the supernatural entertaining and intriguing , and I ’m a bit of a history fan , so I ’m always drawn to ghostly legends .
The story of Elly Kedward is quite convincing for what it is .
Her exile from the town , the subsequent disappearances of children and other bizarre , unexplained events come off as a plausible embellishment .
Obviously untrue , and yet possessing some small level of verisimilitude .
Of course a pale hand did n’t actually reach from out from within Tappy East Creek to pull a little girl named Eileen Treacle underwater , but could there have been an actual drowning that inspired that tale ?
Well … no… thankfully there was n’t , but the fact that it ’s all entirely made up just makes it all the more impressive to me .
I still think that much of the best writing and storytelling done for The Blair Witch Project never actually made it to the big screen .
I had told my friend about this movie and linked him to its internet viral marketing and lo and behold , he caught the Blair Witch bug same as me .
Nearly every review we read was not merely positive , but almost cautionary .
I ’ve always wanted to write a story that inspires a critic to say something along the lines of , “ So scary I ca n’t even recommend it . ”
That was damn near how the Blair Witch reviews read , at least to me .
This movie seemed to exhibit the motif of harmful sensation : it was so terrifying that it was actually causing viewers physical distress !
That turned out to be mostly or entirely due to motion sickness brought about by the camera constantly moving around so much it has a U - HAUL rewards card .
But at the time not many reviewers explicitly stated this , either because they did not realize the true source of their nausea , or because at the time copping to motion sickness from watching a movie was like admitting to a fear of clowns in the pre-Poltergeist or IT era : AKA “ Before it Somehow Became ‘ Cool ’ to Have a Fear of Clowns . ' ”
Our anticipation for this film had reached a point where there was essentially no way it could have hoped to live up to expectations .
Mind you , this was well before the mainstream movie - going public had heard of the film , and possibly before it had been picked up by Artisan for distribution .
We had not been lured to see this thanks to a bombardment of television ads promising a rollicking , fearful theme park ride .
We had created more than enough pre-release hype for ourselves .
So when my boy scored tickets to an advance screening there was much rejoicing and high - fiving .
When we finally saw the movie , well , as I mentioned , it was a memorable experience despite the fact that at around the midpoint of the film I started to wonder , “ So when is thing actually supposed to get scary ? ”
The answer came in the last ten minutes or so of the film when the tortuously slow build up finally leads to something , and I will close this Confessions entry with a few things that remain with me from that first viewing , and from the film ’s ending .
1 . The woman next to me held my hand during the film ’s final few minutes .
She was blonde , and I remember thinking she was probably in her mid-30 ’s or so .
Reasonably attractive , I think .
And a total stranger .
I had never seen her before and if I ’ve seen her since I did not recognize her .
But right around the time that Heather and Mike made it to the house in the woods , she gripped my hand like she ’d fall into an abyss if she let go .
For my part , I did not pull away .
I also did not say anything about it to her because …
2 . No one in my theater spoke after the movie was over .
Or if anyone did , it was as “ quiet as an ant not even thinking of pissing on cotton ” as Gene Hackman said in Heist .
It was unspeakably eerie , marching out of that theater surrounded by the ponderous silence .
When we reached the theater lobby and there were people talking and enjoying themselves like normal human beings in a movie theater should , it was jarring .
Almost offensive .
For a moment there we were a procession of the walking dead exiting our own mass funeral .
How dare anyone in our vicinity hold a conversation , much less laugh and jest with one another ?
3 . I was surprised to see it was daylight outside , but could n’t quite understand why .
In hindsight , the damn movie dragged so much in the first three - quarters or so that it feels like it ’s taking you several hours to slog through it .
But at the time … at the time , the daylight seemed out of place , and worse still illusory .
Fragile .
This video is a rare shot of an oarfish .
They are known as the longest fish in the world and people rarely see them
Getty Images
New Balance 's outlet has sneakers for as low as $ 25 For a limited time , you can score up to 45 percent off or more on your fave sneakers during Joe 's New Balance Outlet big warehouse sale .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Common toads sense danger
Common toads appear to be able to sense an impending earthquake and will flee their colony days before the seismic activity strikes .
The evidence comes from a population of toads which left their breeding colony three days before an earthquake that struck L'Aquila in Italy in 2009 .
How toads sensed the quake is unclear , but most breeding pairs and males fled .
They reacted despite the colony being 74 km from the quake 's epicentre , say biologists in the Journal of Zoology .
It is hard to objectively and quantifiably study how animals respond to seismic activity , in part because earthquakes are rare and unpredictable .
Some studies have been done on how domestic animals respond , but measuring the response of wild animals is more difficult .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Even those that have been shown to react , such as fish , rodents and snakes tend to do so shortly before an earthquakes strikes , rather than days ahead of the event .
However , biologist Dr Rachel Grant of the Open University , in Milton Keynes , UK , was routinely studying the behaviour of various colonies of common toads on a daily basis in Italy around the time a massive earthquake struck .
Her studies included a 29 - day period gathering data before , during and after the earthquake that hit Italy on 6 April 2009 .
The quake , a 6.3 - magnitude event , struck close to L'Aquila city , about 95 km ( 60 miles ) north - east of Rome .
Dr Grant was studying toads 74 km away in San Ruffino Lake in central Italy , when she recorded the toads behaving oddly .
Five days before the earthquake , the number of male common toads in the breeding colony fell by 96 % .
That is highly unusual for male toads : once they have bred , they normally remain active in large numbers at breeding sites until spawning has finished .
Yet spawning had barely begun at the San Ruffino Lake site before the earthquake struck .
Also , no weather event could be linked to the toads ' disappearance .
Three days before the earthquake , the number of breeding pairs also suddenly dropped to zero .
While spawn was found at the site up to six days before the earthquake , and again six days after it , no spawn was laid during the so - called earthquake period - the time from the first main shock to the last aftershock .
" Our study is one of the first to document animal behaviour before , during and after an earthquake , " says Dr Grant .
She believes the toads fled to higher ground , possibly where they would be at less risk from rock falls , landslides and flooding .
Sensing danger
Exactly how the toads sense impending seismic activity is unclear .
The shift in the toads ' behaviour coincided with disruptions in the ionosphere , the uppermost electromagnetic layer of the earth 's atmosphere , which researchers detected around the time of the L'Aquila quake using a technique known as very low frequency ( VLF ) radio sounding .
Such changes to the atmosphere have in turn been linked by some scientists to the release of radon gas , or gravity waves , prior to an earthquake .
In the case of the L'Aquila quake , Dr Grant could not determine what caused the disruptions in the ionosphere .
However , her findings do suggest that the toads can detect something .
" Our findings suggest that toads are able to detect pre-seismic cues such as the release of gases and charged particles , and use these as a form of earthquake early warning system , " she says .
Ants ignore quakes
One other study has quantified an animal 's response to a major earthquake .
Researchers had the serendipitous opportunity to measure how the behaviour of the desert harvester ant ( Messor pergandei ) changed as the ground began to tremble in the Mojave Desert , California , on 28 June 1992 .
The largest quake to hit the US in four decades struck during the middle of an ongoing study , which measured how many ants walked the trails to and from the colony , the distributions of worker ants and even how much carbon dioxide the ants produced .
However , in response to that 7.4 magnitude quake , the ants did not appear to alter their behaviour at all .
The eurozone has agreed a multibillion - euro bailout for Greece as part of a package to shore up the single currency after weeks of crisis , the Guardian has learnt .
Senior sources in Brussels said that Berlin had bowed to the bailout agreement despite huge resistance in Germany and that the finance ministers of the " eurozone " – the 16 member states including Greece who use the euro – are to finalise the rescue package on Monday .
The single currency 's rulebook will also be rewritten to enforce greater fiscal discipline among members .
The member states have agreed on " co-ordinated bilateral contributions " in the form of loans or loan guarantees to Greece if Athens finds itself unable to refinance its soaring debt and requests help from the EU , a senior European commission official said .
Other sources said the aid could rise to € 25bn ( £ 22.6bn ) , although it is estimated in European capitals that Greece could need up to € 55bn by the end of the year .
Germany , the EU 's traditional paymaster , but the most reluctant to come to the rescue of a fiscal delinquent in the current crisis , has played the pivotal role in organising the rescue package , the sources added .
" There have been quite intensive preparations under the eurogroup .
We have the ways and means to do it , " said the senior official , asking not to be named because of the subject 's sensitivity .
" It will be a co-ordinated approach of bilateral contributions [ between EU governments ] …
A bilateral contribution can be a loan or a loan guarantee .
The guarantees will facilitate the kind of funds potentially needed in this context . "
The rules governing the operation of the single currency proscribe a bailout for a country on the brink of insolvency .
Berlin , in particular , has been worried that any bailout of Greece could be challenged in its constitutional court .
The senior official said the agreement – which will not involve any contribution from the UK taxpayer – had been tailored to respect the bailout ban and avoid a supreme court challenge in Germany .
Alongside the financial relief package for Greece , the European commission is rushing through tougher rules for the eurozone , using powers conferred by the recently enacted Lisbon treaty to try to establish a system of rigorous " budgetary surveillance " of all 16 participating countries .
The aim is a new regime of " reinforced economic policy co-ordination " in the EU .
" This is the essential lesson that has to be learned from the Greek case , " Olli Rehn of Finland , the new commissioner for economic and monetary affairs , told the Guardian ( and four other European papers ) .
" The Greek case is a potential turning point for the eurozone , " said Rehn in the interview .
" If Greece fails and we fail , this will do serious and maybe permanent damage to the credibility of the European Union .
The euro is not only a monetary arrangement , but a core political project of the European Union …
In that sense , we are at a crossroads . "
While ready to bail out the Greeks if only on terms of " rigorous conditionality " , European leaders are hoping that the rescue will not be needed , that the draconian package of austerity measures announced by Prime Minister George Papandreou will be enough to calm the markets and stabilise the euro .
EU leaders are to rule next week on whether Papandreou is doing enough to slash the 12.7 % budget deficit by four percentage points this year , part of his ambition to cut the deficit by 10 points over three years .
Rehn said he would unveil new proposals next month , enshrining a new single currency regime of " rigorous surveillance of national budgets " and that Eurostat , the EU 's statistical agency , would need to be given formidable new auditing powers over the books of eurozone member states , a demand that may be resisted by EU governments .
" That 's the hard core of our proposal .
[ The surveillance ] should be automatic , " said Rehn .
" We have an immediate corrective instrument for the Greek case , plus another framework to prevent new Greek crises . "
Inside the commission , officials are confident that Wolfgang Schäuble , the German finance minister , supports the tough new regime being plotted .
Schäuble , who uses a wheelchair and is currently in hospital , and will not attend key meetings in Brussels on Monday and Tuesday .
Schäuble enjoys a longstanding reputation as a European integrationist and is said to have played a central role in shaping the Greek bailout plans despite widespread hostility to any such moves in Germany .
Over the past week , he has sparked a major debate by calling for a European Monetary Fund to underpin the currency , and yesterday stoked more controversy by proposing that serial sinners in the eurozone could be expelled from the single currency club .
The EMF concept is for the long - term and a new rule enabling expulsion from the euro club would require the Lisbon treaty to be re-opened , a nightmare for most after labouring over it for almost nine years .
While senior figures in Brussels believe that Chancellor Angela Merkel and Schäuble are intensely serious about establishing an EMF , they also suspect they are using the idea to assuage hostile public opinion in Germany and " prepare a short - term fire brigade operation for Greece " .
Roberta Foit
As an ill - informed pseudo - intellectual with a particular interest in the unverifiable , I 'm always on the lookout for some partially thought out misinformation .
So , if you have an uninformed solution to a dilemma that does n't actually exist , do n't bother double - checking your information .
I 'm all ears .
Advertisement
However , I must warn you :
If you want to convince me of anything , you better be prepared to back up your claims with rumor , circumstantial evidence , or hard - to - make - out photographic proof .
I may also need friend - of - a- friend corroboration or several signed testimonials all written in the same unmistakably spidery handwriting .
I 'm a quasi-critical - thinker .
Things have to add up more or less in my head before I let myself be taken in by some baloney story .
Take Atlantis , for example .
When I first heard about this lost civilization , I was suspicious to say the least .
But then someone made a good point :
Prove that it did n't exist .
I was hard - pressed to find a comeback to that .
Advertisement
But if Atlantis really did exist , then where did it go ?
It could n't have just disappeared without an unreasonable explanation .
I was about to give up on the whole matter when suddenly it hit me :
It probably washed away , and it's too deep underwater for scientists to find it .
All it takes is a little supposition mixed with critical theorizing and you can easily stumble on a tenuous half - truth that really makes you think .
Over time , I 've also learned that slapdash research is key before jumping to any conclusion .
While I 've always postulated the existence of gnomes , it was n't until I researched the topic on AskJeeves.com that I realized it 's a well - documented medical condition .
Advertisement
As important as research is , it 's all about common sense in the end .
If you can't cool your apartment by leaving the refrigerator open , how 's it keeping all that produce fresh ?
Think about it .
If you can't really read the world 's great works of literature in only five minutes using a system peddled on TV , how do you explain that gentleman on the infomercial who aces those tests ?
Would extraterrestrials travel millions of light years just to abduct a non-trustworthy human for their series of intrusive tests ?
Yes .
And there 's a reason liars like James Randi have never been anally probed .
Now , if you have a half - baked theory that you 'd like to disclose , please be so kind as to skirt around the issue .
I 'll only listen to your elaborate webs of presumption and hearsay if you promise to veer unexpectedly and pointlessly off course at every opportunity .
Prose density is part of what makes a half - baked theory fascinating .
Advertisement
Only last week , my friend Janet gave me a book that teaches how , through a diet of salmon and romaine lettuce , you can shave 20 years off your appearance .
However , before we got to the hard - core salmon - and - lettuce , face - lifting theory , I was taken through a series of anecdotes , solicited testimonials , and long - winded circular logic proving the author 's qualifications by citing the medical establishment 's fear of his simple brilliance .
It was an eye - opener .
I encourage people endowed with a gift for half - baked theories to inform as many unsuspecting strangers as possible .
That 's how I 'm most interested in being exposed to shaky new ideas .
At the bus station , on the street corners , wherever strikes your fancy .
If you do n't have the courage to approach people in this way , I recommend a stiff drink or a lifetime of crippling mental illness .
Advertisement
Only then will we continue to safeguard the free exchange of erroneous fallacy so vital to maintaining a freethinking , uneducated society .
Thank you .
EPISODE SYNOPSIS :
Bankers with hearts help people in need at just the right time .
Jason West and Vince Zampella , the Infinity Ward co-founders and ex leaders , have filed a lawsuit against publisher Activision , accusing the company of breaching the contract it had with them and abusing its position as it ousted them from Infinity Ward .
Activision is accused of : breach of contract , breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing , wrong termination in violation of public policy and declaratory relief .
They will be represented by lawyer firm O'Melveny & Myers LLP and it seems that the main issue is linked to “ substantial ” royalty payments , which the two never received although they were entitled to after the phenomenal success of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , the game that sold best in 2009 and brought in more than 1 billion in revenue for Activision Blizzard .
After the duo was fired , Activision announced plans to deliver a new Call of Duty title this year , Sledgehammer Studios taking over the creation of another game for 2011 .
Plans have also been announced to deliver a Call of Duty MMO that will be free to play but will only target audiences in Asia .
Robert Schwartz , the lawyer who is set to represent the two ex Infinity Ward employes , stated that “ Activision has refused to honor the terms of its agreements and is intentionally flouting the fundamental public policy of this State ( California ) that employers must pay their employees what they have rightfully earned . ”
Jason
West himself opened up , saying that “ We were shocked by Activision 's decision to terminate our contract .
We poured our heart and soul into that company , building not only a world class development studio , but assembling a team we 've been proud to work with for nearly a decade .
We think the work we 've done speaks for itself , ” Vince Zampella adding , “ After all we have given to Activision , we should n't have to sue to get paid . ”
Ein Dokument der EU - Kommission zum Verhandlungsstand beim geplanten Anti-Piraterie - Abkommen ( ACTA ) gibt erstmals Einblicke in unterschiedliche Positionen Brüssels , Washingtons und Tokios .
Das 44 - seitige Dokument ( PDF - Datei ) , das über den EU - Rat am 12 .
Februar verschickt wurde , wurde Anfang der Woche in einem Blog der Linken veröffentlicht und wird seitdem von Rechtsexperten und Bürgerrechtlern heftig diskutiert .
Unterdessen ist die die Bundesregierung einer Initiative anderer EU - Mitgliedsstaaten beigetreten und setzt sich für mehr Transparenz bei den Verhandlungen ein .
Dem Papier zufolge gibt noch Widerstand gegen den Vorstoß der USA , ein " Three Strikes " - Szenario über das Internetkapitel des Abkommens international einzuführen .
Zugangsanbieter sollen im Kampf gegen illegale Filesharing - Aktivitäten und andere Rechtsverletzungen gewisse Maßnahmen ergreifen , damit sie Haftungsprivilegien genießen .
Als Beispiel werden ausdrücklich Modelle der " abgestuften Erwiderung " bis hin zu Netzsperren aufgeführt .
Neuseeland , dessen Regierung im eigenen Lande selbst an einer " Three - Strikes " - Regelung arbeitet , ist allerdings gegen diese Koppelung der Providerprivilegien an weitergehende Auflagen .
Die japanische Delegation hat dem Dokument zufolge den Gegenvorschlag unterbreitet , Zugangsanbieter für Rechtsverletzungen der Nutzer haften zu lassen , wenn sie davon voraussichtlich Kenntnis haben und es ihnen technisch möglich ist , die Verstöße zu verhindern .
Generell hat Tokio Bedenken gegen einen Ansatz , der eine abgestufte Erwiderung gesetzlich vorschreiben würde .
Auch Kanada hält die ganzen im Raum stehenden Haftungsregeln für Provider noch für zu unklar .
Widerstand gegen den weiteren Ansatz der USA , Spielräume bei der Umsetzung der " Internet - Verträge " der Weltorganisation für geistiges Eigentum ( WIPO ) zu verengen , gibt es gemäß dem Papier von Seiten der EU , Japans und Neuseelands .
Besonders umstritten ist demnach , ob auch Zugangskontrolltechniken erfasst werden sollen .
Auseinandersetzungen gibt es ferner über das Kapitel zur besseren zivilrechtlichen Durchsetzung der Rechte an immateriellen Gütern .
Die USA , Japan und die EU drängen hier gemeinsam darauf , dass sich entsprechende Befugnisse nicht nur auf Marken - und Urheberrechte , sondern auch auf Patentrechte beziehen .
Kanada , Neuseeland und Singapur sind gegen einen derart weiten Ansatz .
Zudem setzt sich Brüssel allein dafür ein , dass einstweilige Verfügungen auch gegen Vermittlerinstanzen wie Provider erwirkt werden können .
Auch bei den Vorschlägen zur Schadenersatzberechnung liegen die Parteien noch weit auseinander .
Die EU will hier den
Wert der betroffenen Ware nach Handelspreis ansetzen .
Die USA und Japan würden " jeden legitimen Wertmaßstab " gelten lassen , " den ein Rechteinhaber vorbringt " .
Der kanadische ACTA - Kritiker Michael Geist spricht von einer der größten Enthüllungen rund um das offiziell hinter verschlossenen Türen verhandelte internationale Abkommen zur Bekämpfung der Produktpiraterie .
James Love von der Organisation Knowledge Ecology International ( KEI ) ist aufgefallen , dass mit den diskutierten Haftungsmodellen bestehende Ausnahme - und Schrankenrechte ausgehebelt werden könnten .
So setzte sich Brüssel für die Streichung von Kopierprivilegien der Öffentlichkeit im Sinne der " Fair Use " - Bestimmungen ein .
Die britische Politikbeobachterin Monica Horten merkt an , dass ACTA wieder Forderungen nach einer " sich gegenseitig unterstützenden Beziehung " zwischen Providern und Rechteinhabern mit sich brächte .
Entsprechende Appelle zur " Zusammenarbeit " seien bereits im Streit um das EU - Telecom - Paket laut geworden .
( vbr )
Update : CNN claim that violent militia group hosted tea party found to be erroneous
A militia group worried about the Antichrist was the subject of multiple reports over the weekend .
“ A Christian militia group was a target of at least one of a series of weekend raids the FBI conducted in Indiana , Michigan and Ohio , a Michigan militia leader says , ” the Associated Press reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
The FBI said Sunday that it had conducted raids in the three states , resulting in at least three arrests .
Federal warrants were sealed , but a federal law enforcement official speaking on condition of anonymity said some of those arrested face gun charges and officials are pursuing other suspects .
Some of the suspects were expected in court Monday .
It was n’t clear what prompted the raids , but Michael Lackomar , a spokesman for the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia , said one of his team leaders got a frantic phone call Saturday evening from members of Hutaree , a Christian militia group .
They said their property in southeast Michigan was being raided by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , Lackomar said .
“ They said they were under attack by the ATF and wanted a place to hide , ” he said .
“ My team leader said , ‘ No thanks . ” ‘
“ Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword and stay alive using equipment , ” Hutaree.com reads .
“ The only thing on earth to save the testimony and those who follow it , are the members of the testimony , til the return of Christ in the clouds .
We , the Hutaree , are prepared to defend all those who belong to Christ and save those who are n’t .
We will still spread the word , and fight to keep it , up to the time of the great coming . ”
Another AP report notes , “ Two law enforcement officials told The Associated Press that members of the group had planned multiple attacks on police officers or other law enforcement personnel as way to express their hatred for the government .
Charges against members of the militia group are expected to be unsealed later Monday when some of the suspects appear in court . ”
“ Nine members of a militia group arrested in Michigan , Indiana , Illinois and Ohio were planning to ‘ levy war ’ against the United States and ‘ oppose by force ’ the nation ’s government , according to an indictment released this morning in U.S. District Court in Detroit , ” the Detroit News reports .
The indictment says they were planning to kill a member of law enforcement , possibly after a traffic stop , to “ prompt a response by law enforcement . ”
The goal : To “ intimidate and demoralize law enforcement , diminishing their ranks and rendering them ineffective , ” according to the indictment .
The group then intended to use the incident to spark a “ war ” against law enforcement , using bombs , ambushes and prepared fighting positions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Update :
An early CNN report associating the Hutaree with the Tea Parties has been shown to be erroneous .
CNN ’s Susan Candiotti had combined footage of the Hutaree website with a web page from an entirely different group , MichiganMilitia.com , inviting members to an “ Open Carry Family Picnic & Tea Party ” to be held on April 10 , 2010 .
According to a Michigan blog , CNN has since altered their own video of the report to remove the invitation .
Raw Story regrets having perpetuated CNN ’s error and has removed the inaccurate video from this story .
For its part , MichiganMilitia.com denies they have been “ raided ” by the FBI .
ADVERTISEMENT
Neither MICHIGANMILITIA.COM
nor the SMVM have been “ raided ” by the FBI .
We do nothing illegal .
Some sources indicate that the sealed warrants will be released on Monday … This site has NOT been compromised by anyone , nor have we been raided at all .
Please disregard any such false information that you might encounter on any comment boards .
This video is from Hutaree , uploaded to YouTube on May 31 , 2007 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Militia group may have been targeting Muslims
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CNN ’s American Morning , broadcast March 29 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
“ I ’m Palestinian - Jordanian , ” he said .
“ I have never been to Palestine , neither me nor my siblings . ”
Like the others , Mr. Haddad ’s family history is linked to the years of turbulence in the region .
His father fled his home in 1948 when Israel was created , became a Jordanian citizen and traveled to Jerusalem , where he met his future wife .
The two made a home in Amman .
In 1980 , however , his mother returned to Jerusalem to be near her family and to give birth to a son , Muhannad .
She had him registered under her Israeli documents and returned home , where her son grew up .
When he turned 16 , and was no longer on his mother ’s identity card , he went to Israel to have one of his own issued .
He said they refused to give him one so he eventually returned to Amman .
Then last year , he tried to renew a driver ’s license and was told to go to the dreaded office in the Interior Ministry .
Mr. Haddad ’s aunt , Hitaf Barakat , confirmed the details of her nephew ’s circumstances .
“ He can not go back , he cannot work here , he cannot go abroad , yet his mother , his father , his brother all retain their nationality here , ” said Ms. Barakat , who works with a United Nations relief agency in Jordan .
The government says that this has nothing to do with demographic balance , that the numbers are too small and that only a fraction of its Palestinian population is subject to this kind of review .
It says that the process has been going on since shortly after July 31 , 1988 , when King Hussein delivered a speech in which he gave up any claim of sovereignty to the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Jordan annexed those lands in 1950 and provided all the residents with Jordanian citizenship .
When Israel occupied the West Bank and East Jerusalem after the 1967 war , Jordan maintained some administrative control and financial responsibility .
Image Amran al - Tarsha said a government official confiscated all of his Jordanian documents .
Credit ... Shawn Baldwin for The New York Times
But in 1988 , as the first intifada , or uprising , raged , King Hussein announced that the Palestine Liberation Organization would serve as the sole representative of the Palestinian people .
He announced that all Palestinians living in Jordan would preserve their Jordanian citizenship while those living in the occupied territories were Palestinian .
He did not mention those Palestinians who had moved abroad , including the hundreds of thousands living and working in the Persian Gulf .
There are so many cars out there with a cult following these days , that I often find myself wondering if all the weird cars in the automotive world have a place to “ belong ” .
Do people really like these oddball cars ?
Or do they get stuck with them and learn to love them ?
I have very strong affection for a many of the ugliest , most backwards , slowest , and terribly designed cars in existence .
I bet I ’m not alone .
For today we have a 1983 Cadillac Seville .
These had amazing oil leaks V8 engines that sat way too far forward in the engine compartment because they were front wheel drive .
The weight distribution felt like it was 98 % on the front wheels and 2 % over the rears .
Luckily the power steering pumps could power a small city so turning those overloaded front wheels was easily done with your finger tip .
The interior was chock full of switches , hundreds of them .
Switches in the dash for everything imaginable , switches on the sides of the seats , the doors , the roof , the glove box , and if I recall correctly , the sun visors had switches as well .
Nobody knows what all those switches did , but if you wanted to turn anything from off to on , you could do it successfully in this car .
Cigarette lighters ?
Yeap , there were enough of them for you and 80 of your closest friends to have a smoke .
As a kid , I enjoyed putting dimes in the lighter holes , sadly , the US did n’t mint enough dimes to stuff into every lighter hole in these cars .
The trunk ; “ Hey GM designers , what the heck went on there ? ”
My opinion :
If it were rear wheel drive , I would love it because of its weird looks , and gangster soul .
However , being front wheel drive with the worst weight distribution in history , I am leaning on the hate meter for this one .
What ’s your opinion ?
Image from http://www.carversation.com
Millions of killers are wrecking havoc on this wildlife haven ( Image : Grant Dixon ) Trouble - maker ( Image : Darren Christie )
The ground - nesting albatross population is currently at risk from the rats ( Image : Ben Phall / British Antarctic Survey )
The at - risk pipit population could be one of the first to recover ( Image : Professor Tony Martin )
AS ISLANDS go , you would be hard pressed to find one more remote .
Deep in the southern Atlantic Ocean sits South Georgia , a haven for wildlife in the midst of ferocious seas .
Over 30 million birds of 31 species breed here and a further 50 species have been spotted .
It is home to grey - headed albatrosses , northern giant petrels , white chinned petrels , Antarctic prions , half of the entire population of macaroni penguins and most of the planet ’s population of the South Georgia blue - eyed shag .
But it is not as idyllic as it sounds .
Under the surface lurks a menace that is slowly ripping the ecosystem apart : rats .
The rodents were stowaways on sealing and whaling ships that visited the island until the mid-20th century .
When the hunters stopped coming , the rats were left to their own devices along with a small population of reindeer that had been brought for food and now roam wild .
Without natural predators , the rat population has swollen to many million , eating their way through tens of millions of ground - nesting birds ’ eggs and chicks in the process .
As a result , the island ’s endemic wildlife is under threat , and its only songbird , the South Georgia pipit , is on the brink of extinction .
Now the South Georgia Heritage Trust ( SGHT ) is going to fight back .
In what will be …
Undaunted by a rash of scandals over the science underpinning climate change , top climate researchers are plotting to respond with what one scientist involved said needs to be “ an outlandishly aggressively partisan approach ” to gut the credibility of skeptics .
In private e-mails obtained by The Washington Times , climate scientists at the National Academy of Sciences say they are tired of “ being treated like political pawns ” and need to fight back in kind .
Their strategy includes forming a nonprofit group to organize researchers and use their donations to challenge critics by running a back - page ad in the New York Times .
“ Most of our colleagues do n’t seem to grasp that we ’re not in a gentlepersons ’ debate , we ’re in a street fight against well - funded , merciless enemies who play by entirely different rules , ” Paul R. Ehrlich , a Stanford University researcher , said in one of the e-mails .
Some scientists question the tactic and say they should focus instead on perfecting their science , but the researchers who are organizing the effort say the political battle is eroding confidence in their work .
“ This was an outpouring of angry frustration on the part of normally very staid scientists who said , ‘ God , ca n’t we have a civil dialogue here and discuss the truth without spinning everything , ’ ” said Stephen H. Schneider , a Stanford professor and senior fellow at the Woods Institute for the Environment who was part of the e-mail discussion but wants the scientists to take a slightly different approach .
The scientists have been under siege since late last year when e-mails leaked from a British climate research institute seemed to show top researchers talking about skewing data to push predetermined outcomes .
Meanwhile , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the authoritative body on the matter , has suffered defections of members after it had to retract claims that Himalayan glaciers will melt over the next 25 years .
Last month , President Obama announced that he would create a U.S. agency to arbitrate research on climate change .
Sen. James M. Inhofe , Oklahoma Republican and a chief skeptic of global - warming claims , is considering asking the Justice Department to investigate whether climate scientists who receive taxpayer - funded grants falsified data .
He lists 17 people he said have been key players in the controversy .
That news has enraged scientists .
Mr. Schneider said Mr. Inhofe is showing “ McCarthyesque ” behavior in the mold of the Cold War-era senator who was accused of stifling political debate through accusations of communism .
In a phone interview , Mr. Schneider , who is one of the key players Mr. Inhofe cites , said he disagrees with trying to engage in an ad battle .
He said the scientists will never be able to compete with energy companies .
“ They ’re not going to win short - term battles playing the game against big - monied interests because they can’t beat them , ” he said .
He said the “ social contract ” between scientists and policymakers is broken and must be reforged , and he urged colleagues to try to recruit members of Congress to take up their case .
He also said the press and nongovernmental organizations must be prodded .
“ What I am trying to do is head off something that will be truly ugly , ” he said .
“ I do n’t want to see a repeat of McCarthyesque behavior and I ’m already personally very dismayed by the horrible state of this topic , in which the political debate has almost no resemblance to the scientific debate . ”
Not all climate scientists agree with forcing a political fight .
“ Sounds like this group wants to step up the warfare , continue to circle the wagons , continue to appeal to their own authority , etc. , ” said Judith A. Curry , a climate scientist at the Georgia Institute of Technology .
“ Surprising , since these strategies have n’t worked well for them at all so far . ”
She said scientists should downplay their catastrophic predictions , which she said are premature , and instead shore up and defend their research .
She said scientists and institutions that have been pushing for policy changes “ need to push the disconnect button for now , ” because it will be difficult to take action until public confidence in the science is restored .
“ Hinging all of these policies on global climate change with its substantial element of uncertainty is unnecessary and is bad politics , not to mention having created a toxic environment for climate research , ” she said .
Ms. Curry also said that more engagement between scientists and the public would help - something that the NAS researchers also proposed .
Paul G. Falkowski , a professor at Rutgers University who started the effort , said in the e-mails that he is seeking a $ 1,000 donation from as many as 50 scientists to pay for an ad to run in the New York Times .
He said in one e-mail that commitments were already arriving .
The e-mail discussion began late last week and continued into this week .
Mr. Falkowski did n’t respond to an e-mail seeking comment , and an effort to reach Mr. Ehrlich was unsuccessful .
But one of those scientists forwarded The Times ’ request to the National Academy of Sciences , whose e-mail system the scientists used as their forum to plan their effort .
An NAS spokesman sought to make clear that the organization itself is not involved in the effort .
“ These scientists are elected members of the National Academy of Sciences , but the discussants themselves realized their efforts would require private support since the National Academy of Sciences never considered placing such an ad or creating a nonprofit group concerning these issues , ” said William Kearney , chief spokesman for NAS .
The e-mails emerged months after another set of e-mails from a leading British climate research group seemed to show scientists shading data to try to bolster their claims , and are likely to feed the impression among skeptics that researchers are pursuing political goals as much as they are disseminating science .
George Woodwell , founder of the Woods Hole Research Center , said in one e-mail that researchers have been ceding too much ground .
He blasted Pennsylvania State University for pursuing an academic investigation against professor Michael E. Mann , who wrote many of the e-mails leaked from the British climate research facility .
An initial investigation cleared Mr. Mann of falsifying data but referred one charge , that he “ deviated from accepted practices within the academic community , ” to a committee for a more complete review .
In his e-mail , Mr. Woodwell acknowledged that he is advocating taking “ an outlandishly aggressively partisan approach ” but said scientists have had their “ classical reasonableness ” turned against them .
“ We are dealing with an opposition that is not going to yield to facts or appeals from people who hold themselves in high regard and think their assertions and data are obvious truths , ” he wrote .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Fast Electric Cars
The speed is considered as one of the main feature of any car and this feature best differentiate it from the others cars in terms of performance and working .
Electric car have become one of the major craze of most of the car ’s lovers and the reason being the high performance and unmatchable capabilities .
Though some of the electric cars does n’t seems very well in shape and style but when it comes to performance they beat the records of some of the very dashing electric cars .
In this article some of the very amazinginly fast electric cars have been discussed so let ’s have a look .
Performance : 0 - 60 mph in 2.5s
This car is claimed to be the world ’s fastest electric car which was released in 2008 and carries some really shocking details that takes it a bit away from the fastest cars to closer to the rocket .
This car carries a twin motor AESP producing 1000 horsepower and it takes you from 0 - 60 mph in just 2.5seconds .
The Shelby SupreCras is one of those companies of the world which have always attained a unique status in the category of fastest sports cars and 2009 SSC Ultimate Aero ( 270 mph ) was the earlier model which has got this position for the company and now the Aero EV has broken all the earlier records and one other amazing fact is also that the 150 - 220 miles battery can be refilled in 10 minutes .
2. The Custom 1972 Electric Datsun
Performance : 0 - 60 mph in 2.95s
This is another member of the speedy family of electric cars , the outlook of this car is not very impressive at all but it can beat the speed of many amazing electric cars like Tesla Roadster and others .
This car was earlier not given any due considering but after getting the capabilities of electric car it emerged as a huge storm which blew away many strongest contenders of the fastest electric car competition .
This car features two 8 inch advance DC motor that gives it a power of 250 hp and an impressive 772 ft / lb of torque at the back wheels .
Performance : 0 - 60 mph in 3.07s
This is an Ariel Atom sports car that was modified heavily to carry the capabilities of a highly functioning electric car .
The design and light weight of this car makes it more like flying a car on the race tracks .
This car uses a 3 - phase AC motor and an inventor from AC propulsion which gives it the power to reach 0 - 60 mph in just 3.07 seconds .
The model does n’t carries a clutch or shifting and just one gear can take you 112 mph which sounds really awesome .
This electric marvel is powered by lithium polymer batteries which gives it a mile range of 100 and thus make it one of the strongest contenders of the fastest electric car competition .
Performance : 0 - 60 in 3.1 Seconds
The L1X - 75 is another amazing member of the fastest electric cars which can give you that much power and performance that you ’ll start loving your experience with this car .
This hybrid came with a strong passion to change the trends of auto industry and also beat the reputation of Ferrari that was considered to be the fastest sports car by giving ultimate speed and power .
This car ’s development was actually a joint venture between Hybrid Technologies Inc. and Mullen Motor Company that gives it unmatchable performance .
Performance : 0 - 60 mph in 3.9s
Tesla is one of those companies which have remained a darling brand for the electric sports car lovers because of its development of some very exciting models .
This car was claimed to be the world ’s fastest sports car at the time of its development which can take you from 0 - 60 mph in just 3.9 seconds but then because of the release of some other amazing models this car did n’t gets successful in staying on the top .
The exciting features of this car are 185 kw 3 phase AC motor and 53 kwh Li-ion battery pack that gives it the capability of ranging 240 miles .
These were some of the models of the car which have given the status of being the fastest cars of the world and they are all hybrid models .
The earlier models which rule the tracks because of being very fastest are now beaten in records by some of the electric cars and thus the advent of hybrid models has increased the whole scenario of racing arena .
When I recently interviewed James Lovelock for the G2 section of the Guardian , we spoke for nearly two hours about the various events of the past few months – a period in which he'd remained silent because he'd been over - wintering with his wife Sandy in her native Missouri .
There was a lot to talk about : the stolen emails from the University of East Anglia , the UN climate summit in Copenhagen , the intense scrutiny placed on the IPCC , and the rather nippy winter experienced across much of the Northern Hemisphere .
As is inevitable with an interview appearing in the newspaper , space was at a premium so the quotes used were tightly edited .
But , just as I did with my interview with Al Gore last year , I have decided to publish a transcript of his key points here online for anyone interested in hearing in much more detail what Lovelock had to say on some of these controversial and much - discussed topics .
Lovelock 's reaction to first reading about the stolen CRU emails [ he later clarified that he had n't read the originals , saying : " Oddly , I felt reluctant to pry " ] :
I was utterly disgusted .
My second thought was that it was inevitable .
It was bound to happen .
Science , not so very long ago , pre-1960s , was largely vocational .
Back when I was young , I did n't want to do anything else other than be a scientist .
They 're not like that nowadays .
They do n't give a damn .
They go to these massive , mass - produced universities and churn them out .
They say : " Science is a good career .
You can get a job for life doing government work . "
That 's no way to do science .
I have seen this happen before , of course .
We should have been warned by the CFC / ozone affair because the corruption of science in that was so bad that something like 80 % of the measurements being made during that time were either faked , or incompetently done .
Fudging the data in any way whatsoever is quite literally a sin against the holy ghost of science .
I 'm not religious , but I put it that way because I feel so strongly .
It 's the one thing you do not ever do .
You 've got to have standards .
You can make mistakes ; they 're helpful .
In the old days , it was perfectly OK to make a mistake and say so .
You often learned from it .
Nowadays if you 're dependent on a grant – and 99 % of them are – you can't make mistakes as you wo n't get another one if you do .
It 's an awful moral climate and it was all set up for the best of reasons .
I think it was felt there was far too much inequality in science and there was an enormous redress .
Looking around the country [ at the wider society ] this was good on the whole , but in some special professions you want the best , the elite .
Elitism is important in science .
It is vital .
On what the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia – and climate scientists in general – should do to help restore public trust in their work :
Careers have been ended by this affair and the reputation of the institution [ CRU ] will go down for a while .
It 's sad because there are some good people there .
They have to clean their house if they know people are behaving badly .
They have got a rotten job ahead , but it will blow over in a few years .
I think if they can produce a coup and produce some really good climate research they will undo all the harm that 's been done .
And they 've now got an incentive to do that .
I would only have been too pleased if someone had asked me for my data .
If you really believed in your data , you would n't mind someone looking at it .
You should be able to respond that if you do n't believe me go out and do the measurements yourself .
You do n't hide data .
But there are some natural limitations to making data public .
For example , if you have just received a fresh batch of data you want to make sure that the instruments are properly calibrated and that something else has n't happened in that region that might explain why a sudden change might have occurred .
You 've got to be honest about it and explain why you 've done what you have done .
I think to release the raw data as it comes up , you could see silly sceptics misusing it quite badly .
On the over - reliance on computer modelling :
I remember when the Americans sent up a satellite to measure ozone and it started saying that a hole was developing over the South Pole .
But the damn fool scientists were so mad on the models that they said the satellite must have a fault .
We tend to now get carried away by our giant computer models .
But they 're not complete models .
They 're based more or less entirely on geophysics .
They do n't take into account the climate of the oceans to any great extent , or the responses of the living stuff on the planet .
So I do n't see how they can accurately predict the climate .
It 's not the computational power that we lack today , but the ability to take what we know and convert it into a form the computers will understand .
I think we 've got too high an opinion of ourselves .
We 're not that bright an animal .
We stumble along very nicely and it's amazing what we do do sometimes , but we tend to be too hubristic to notice the limitations .
If you make a model , after a while you get suckered into it .
You begin to forget that it 's a model and think of it as the real world .
You really start to believe it .
On climate sceptics :
We 're very tribal .
You 're either a goodie or a baddie .
I 've got quite a few friends among the sceptics , as well as among the " angels " of climate science .
I 've got more angels as friends than sceptics , I have to say , but there are some sceptics that I fully respect .
Nigel Lawson is one .
He writes sensibly and well .
He raises questions .
I find him an interesting sceptic .
What I like about sceptics is that in good science you need critics that make you think : " Crumbs , have I made a mistake here ? "
If you do n't have that continuously , you really are up the creek .
The good sceptics have done a good service , but some of the mad ones I think have not done anyone any favours .
Some of them , of course , are corrupted and employed by oil companies and things like that .
Some even work for governments .
For example , I would n't put it past the Russians to be behind some of the disinformation to help further their energy interests .
But you need sceptics especially when the science gets very big and monolithic .
I respect their right to be sceptics .
Nigel Lawson is an easy person to talk to .
He 's more like a defence counsel for the sceptics than a right - winger banging the drum .
His book is not a diatribe or polemic .
He tries to reason his case .
There is one sceptic that everyone should read and that is Garth Paltridge .
He 's written a book called the Climate Caper .
It is a devastating , critical book .
It is so good .
This impresses me a lot .
Like me , he 's convinced that if you put a trillion tonnes of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , which we will have done in 20 years ' time , it 's going to have some nasty effects , but what we do n't know if how nasty and when .
If you look back on climate history it sometimes took anything up to 1,000 years before a change in one of the variables kicked in and had an effect .
And during those 1,000 years the temperature could have gone in the other direction to what you thought it should have done .
What right have the scientists with their models to say that in 2100 the temperature will have risen by 5C ?
There are plenty of incidences where something turns on the heat , but temperatures actually go down perversely , before eventually going up .
A cold winter may mean nothing , as could 10 cold winters in a row .
The great climate science centres around the world are more than well aware how weak their science is .
If you talk to them privately they 're scared stiff of the fact that they do n't really know what the clouds and the aerosols are doing .
They could be absolutely running the show .
We have n't got the physics worked out yet .
One of the chiefs once said to me that he agreed that they should include the biology in their models , but he said they had n't got the physics right yet and it would be five years before they do .
So why on earth are the politicians spending a fortune of our money when we can least afford it on doing things to prevent events 50 years from now ?
They 've employed scientists to tell them what they want to hear .
The Germans and the Danes are making a fortune out of renewable energy .
I 'm puzzled why politicians are not a bit more pragmatic about all this .
We do need scepticism about the predictions about what will happen to the climate in 50 years , or whatever .
It 's almost naive , scientifically speaking , to think we can give relatively accurate predictions for future climate .
There are so many unknowns that it 's wrong to do it .
On the blogosphere 's reaction to the various revelations over the past few months :
I think the sceptic bloggers should worry .
It 's almost certain that you can't put a trillion tonnes of CO2 into the atmosphere without something nasty happening .
This is going to resolve itself and global heating is going to come back on stream and it's these bloggers who are going to be made to look weird when it does .
When something like this happens again , they 'll say we had all this before with ' Climategate ' .
But there 's a danger that you can go off too strong , like they have .
They are not sufficiently aware of the longer - term consequences .
I think the sceptics have done us a good service because they 've made us look at all this a lot more closely and hopefully the science will improve as a result .
But everything has a price and an unexpected price may hit these bloggers .
It 's the cry -wolf phenomenon .
When the real one comes along , they 'll be laughed at .
On the Copenhagen summit :
Copenhagen was doomed to fail .
But I think it was worth their while trying .
A lot of people put their hearts into it .
But I 've never felt entirely happy with that sort of environmental wing - ding .
It 's obscene to have 10,000 people flying to Bali or whatever to talk about the environment .
It just shows how hopeless humans are .
The UN was a lovely idea , but its primary objective was to make sure the British Empire was got rid of .
You just can't get all those people to agree .
On the IPCC :
I was all for the IPPC when it was set up .
I greatly respect Sir John Houghton [ IPCC 's co-chairman from 1988 - 2002 ] .
It was n't just a bunch of gung - ho scientists wanting to save the world .
But then in 2007 there was a paper published in Science with the observational measurements saying the predictions [ for sea - level rises ] were underestimated .
It was a serious underestimating of sea - level rises .
The thing people should know about the sea is that surface temperatures can fluctuate all over the place , but we 're not measuring the temperatures far down below .
There 's very little funding , or interest , in direct observational data .
On the influence of vested interests :
We should n't let the lobbies influence science .
Whatever criticism might befall the IPCC and the UEA , they 're nothing as bad as lobbyists who are politically motivated and who will manipulate data or select data to make their political point .
For example , it 's deplorable for the BBC whenever one of these issues comes up to go and ask what one of the green lobbyists thinks of it .
Sometimes their view might be quite right , but it might also be pure propaganda .
This is wrong .
They should ask the scientists , but the problem is scientists wo n't speak .
If we had some really good scientists it would n't be a problem , but we 've got so many dumbos who just can't say anything , or who are afraid to say anything .
They 're not free agents .
On how humans will ever manage to tackle climate change :
We need a more authoritative world .
We 've become a sort of cheeky , egalitarian world where everyone can have their say .
It 's all very well , but there are certain circumstances – a war is a typical example – where you can't do that .
You 've got to have a few people with authority who you trust who are running it .
And they should be very accountable too , of course .
But it can't happen in a modern democracy .
This is one of the problems .
What 's the alternative to democracy ?
There is n't one .
But even the best democracies agree that when a major war approaches , democracy must be put on hold for the time being .
I have a feeling that climate change may be an issue as severe as a war .
It may be necessary to put democracy on hold for a while .
On what it will take to convince the public that meaningful action is required to tackle climate change :
There has been a lot of speculation that a very large glacier [ Pine Island glacier ] in Antarctica is unstable .
If there 's much more melting , it may break off and slip into the ocean .
It would be enough to produce an immediate sea - level rise of two metres , something huge , and tsunamis .
I would say the scientists are not worried about it , but they are keeping a close watch on it .
That would be the sort of event that would change public opinion .
Or a return of the Dust Bowl in the mid-west .
Another IPCC report wo n't be enough .
We 'll just argue over it like now .
On what we should be doing to tackle the predicted threats of climate change ?
I 've always said that adaptation is the most serious thing we can do .
Are our sea defences adequate ?
Can we prevent London from flooding ?
This is where we should be spending our billions .
If wind turbines really worked , I would n't object to them .
To hell with the aesthetics , we might need them to save ourselves .
But they do n't work – the Germans have admitted it .
It 's like the [ EU ] Common Agricultural Policy which led to corruption and inefficiencies .
A common energy policy across Europe is not a good idea .
I 'm in favour of nuclear for crowded places like Britain for the simple reason that it 's cheap , effective and exceedingly safe when you look at the record .
We 've had it for 50 years , but I can understand the left hating it because it was Thatcher 's greatest weapon against the miners because we were then getting 30 % of our electricity from nuclear .
We could build a nuclear power station in five years , but it 's the legal and planning stuff that makes it take 15 years .
If governments were serious they would undo this legislation that holds it back .
I do n't know enough abut carbon trading , but I suspect that it is basically a scam .
The whole thing is not very sensible .
We have this crazy idea that we are setting an example to the world .
What we 're doing is trying to make money out of the world by selling them renewable gadgetry and green ideas .
It might be worthy from the national interest , but it is moonshine if you think what the Chinese and Indians are doing [ in terms of emissions ] .
The inertia of humans is so huge that you can't really do anything meaningful .
On the surveys showing that public trust with climate science is eroding :
I think the public are right .
That 's why I 'm soft on the sceptics .
Science has got overblown .
From the moment Harold Wilson brought in that stuff about the " white heat of technology " , science , in Britain at least , has gone down the drain .
Science was always elitist and has to be elitist .
The very idea of diluting it down [ to be more egalitarian ] is crazy .
We 're paying the price for it now .
It was a terribly disappointing finish .
The extra salt in my wounds is that I now owe my Buffalonian friend a 2 - 4 of the “ finest ” Canadian beer I can find .
Last night my mood was so unstable I contemplated buying Laker and warming it up in the oven .
Thankfully for her my mood has stabilized relatively .
Relatively .
I came home from a friend ’s last night and met my Dad in the hallway .
We just looked at each other and nodded .
Nothing needed to be said .
Just complete shock .
Too much anger to even say anything .
My mood was so low after the game that I had to ban myself from the computer and television .
Marty was taking a beating all over Twitter , Facebook , and by most of the television analysts .
I could n’t check any sports sites because the headlines would all ready 5 - 3 !
Pseudo - Miracle !
Kesler to Canada , “ Ha ! ” I passed on the torture ( after torturing myself for 20 - 30 minutes ) and went to bed .
This morning I thought I ’d get a reprieve from the game during work .
I forgot that I would constantly think about , thus driving me crazy , but I was sucked into multiple conversations with different people as well .
I did n’t want to .
It just happened .
We were reeling .
One co-worker said , “ I do n’t even really follow hockey , but this just made me so sad , I feel so bad for them . ”
It made me feel even worse .
I felt crushed .
So what the hell happened ?
Marty Brodeur did have a bad game and I ’m not here to defend him .
He is still the greatest goalie of all - time , but that game wo n't be on a DVD compilation .
Should he have been pulled after the third goal ?
At this point it ’s pretty easy to say yes , but at the time I guess the coaching staff was in the same disbelief as I was .
This was n’t the greatest goalie of all - time Marty Brodeur .
It was some bizarro version that was reading too many Spring Training articles and thought he should attempt to play some baseball .
He clearly was n’t Marty Brodeur last night and maybe everyone was in too much shock to realize he needed to be removed , quickly .
I certainly was in too much shock .
I was defending him despite the scene in front of me .
What ’s worse about the loss is the reaction from Canadian fans .
This team is taking a beating all over the internet .
Everyone ’s reacting as if it ’s over .
Better throw your support behind the Swedes , the Canucks are toast .
Fuck off .
This team has n’t played its best hockey yet .
Not by a mile .
Everyone is also overlooking Canada ’s dominance last game .
The U.S. won because of the combined efforts of Miller and Brodeur .
The U.S. team was outplayed in almost every facet of the game last night , but took full advantage of bizarro - Marty and rode their 120 pound bean pole to victory .
Canada doubled the Americans in shots and had the puck for the majority of the game , while outhitting their opponents .
None of the American goals happened on any particularly dangerous looking play , but bizarro - Marty helped them out .
This is n’t going to happen again .
Hopefully this is a sign of things to come for Canada .
They need to use this as a wake - up call .
They need it to motivate them .
I do n’t want to even discuss the other alternative to this loss because it is n’t happening .
Plus , an extra game for the Canadians is n’t the worst thing .
They get an extra game to develop chemistry and play together as a team .
Last night ’s loss was tough .
But this is n’t the end for Canada .
They can still win Gold , but the path to victory became much harder .
Now they have to win four games in a row , two played back - to - back .
Barring a disastrous collapse to Germany ( that would put an entire nation on suicide watch ) , the Canadians will have to face a motivated Russian squad who has yet to play their best hockey and will have had extra practice time .
Tough .
The road to gold wo n’t be easy , but when has a championship team ever had an easy run .
There is now adversity for Canada to overcome .
This is our game .
Continue the support .
Keep the faith .
It ’s on .
After Canada ’s win over Switzerland I was fully prepared to write a post belittling the notion that there was any goaltending controversy on team Canada .
Luongo received his obligatory game against the Norwegians , but Marty would take it from there .
I was fully convinced Marty was unflappable .
He had this .
Well , that was before last night ’s …incident .
4 goals and only 18 saves .
Ouch .
This performance was worse since Ryan Miller stood on his head at the other end of the rink and stopped 42 of 45 shots .
Canada severely outplayed the Americans , but Miller severely outplayed Brodeur and Kesler severely outworked Perry to pot the clinching goal .
It was that simple .
That was the game .
Now listed in Web Fiction Guide ( online novels , reviews )
Help keep independent fiction alive !
Donate to Thunderune Publishing today !
9/11 , Deep Events , and the Curtailment of U.S. Freedoms
A talk delivered to the New England Antiwar Conference , MIT , January 30 , 2010 .
By Prof Peter Dale Scott
Global Research , January 31 , 2010
Hello everyone !
I ’m honored to be invited to this important anti-war conference .
As I am in the final stages of editing my next book , The Road to Afghanistan , I have been turning down invitations to speak .
But I was eager to accept this one , and to join my friends and others in debunking the war on terror , the false justification for the Afghan - Pakistan war .
Let me make my own position clear at the outset .
There are indeed people out there , including some Muslim extremists , who want to inflict terror on America .
But it is crystal clear , as many people inside and outside government have agreed , that it makes this problem worse , not better , when Washington sends large numbers of U.S. troops to yet another country where they don ‘t belong . [ 1 ]
A war on terror is as inappropriate a cure as a U.S. war on drugs , which as we have seen in Colombia makes the drug problem worse , not better .
The war on terror and the war on drugs have this in common : both are ideological attempts to justify the needless killings of thousands – including both American troops and foreign civilians -- in another needless war .
Why does America find itself , time after time , invading countries in distant oil - bearing regions , countries which have not invaded us ?
This is a vital issue on which we should seek a clear message for the American people .
Unfortunately it has been an issue on which there has been serious disagreement dividing the antiwar movement , just as it divided people , even friends , inside the anti-Vietnam War movement of the 1960s .
Perhaps many of you in this room know that there was disagreement between Noam Chomsky and myself in our analysis of how America entered the Vietnam War .
This did not stop Noam and I from speaking out on the same platform against the war , or remaining friends , even after our public disagreements .
There was too much on which we agreed .
Let me turn to today ’s topic , the war on terror , by reading a long quote from Noam Chomsky in 2002 , with which I fully agree :
" the war on terrorism was not declared on September 11 [ 2001 ] ; rather , it was redeclared , using the same rhetoric as the first declaration twenty years earlier .
The Reagan administration , as you know , I 'm sure , came into office announcing that a war on terrorism would be the core of U.S. foreign policy , and it condemned what the president called the " evil scourge of terrorism . " ….
International terrorism was described as a plague spread by " depraved opponents of civilization itself , " in " a return to barbarism in the modern age . ” " [ 2 ]
Today it is easy to see the falsehood of the government rhetoric in the 1980s about heroic freedom fighters fighting the “ evil scourge of terrorism . ”
Most of the CIA money in the 1980s went to the terrorist drug trafficker Gulbeddin Hekmatyar , remembered for his habit of throwing acid in the faces of women not wearing burkas .
Hekmatyar did not represent Afghan aspirations for freedom , but the interests of the U.S. ally Pakistan .
As a true Afghan leader said in 1994 , “ We did n't choose [ him ] .
The United States made Hekmatyar by giving him his weapons . ” [ 3 ]
To describe Hekmatyar ’s men as freedom fighters was a fraud .
Chomsky had no trouble perceiving as a “ fraud ” the Tonkin Gulf incidents that led the U.S. to attack North Vietnam , and the resulting Congressional resolution that had already been drafted some months in advance . [ 4 ]
But he is not interested in the close analogies between the Tonkin Gulf incidents of 1964 and the 9/11 incidents of 2001 , which were almost immediately followed by the Patriot Act , likewise already drafted well in advance .
Chomsky argues that the 9/11 movement has drawn “ enormous amounts of energy and effort away from activism . ” [ 5 ]
But the strong analogies between the Tonkin Gulf deception and the 9/11 deception have energized and activated me , and not me alone .
It is clear that exposure of McNamara ’s deceptions about the Tonkin Gulf incidents , especially in the Fulbright hearing of 1968 , was an important factor in slowly changing Congress ’s mind about Vietnam .
It is my earnest hope that exposure of Cheney ’s deceptions about 9/11 , and particularly about what he did that day , will someday help end Congressional funding for the Afghan War .
I do not know the truth of what happened on 9/11 .
I do know for a certainty that there has been a cover - up of 9/11 ; and also , what the 9/11 Commission itself admits , that there has been high - level governmental lying about what happened , and what did n’t happen , on that day .
It became clear to me early on that 9/11 was another in a string of what I have called “ deep events ” -- which I define in my forthcoming book as
events which are systematically ignored , suppressed , or falsified in public ( and even internal ) government , military and intelligence documents , as well as in the mainstream media and public consciousness .
Underlying them is frequently the involvement of deep forces linked to either the drug traffic or to agencies of surveillance ( or to both together ) , whose activities are extremely difficult to discern or document . [ 6 ]
For Noam the falsification and lying are not particularly important : he prefers to focus on the continuous imperialist expansion of the United States into other parts of the world , and he hopes to persuade decent Americans to stop this expansion .
For me in contrast deep events are of crucial importance , in part because their dishonesty provides us with a chance to counter ideology with truth .
Each of us can say , rightly , that the method of the other has not yet stopped America from fighting wars .
My appeal to you today is to accept that both approaches are needed in the antiwar movement .
I have been thinking about deep events for two decades , ever since I wrote a book about the Kennedy assassination with the title , Deep Politics .
Since 9/11
I have been more and more convinced that
1 ) by studying deep events as a whole , we can see the underlying aspects of them more clearly . [ 7 ]
2 ) however we analyze them , deep events have contributed collectively to the further erosion and corruption of American politics , which today are in the worst shape they have been since the McCarthyism era in the 1950s .
That is to say , even if you believe that Lee Harvey Oswald shot the president and did it alone , it is clear that the Warren Commission used it to increase CIA surveillance of Americans .
As I wrote in Deep Politics , this was the result of
the Warren Commission 's controversial recommendations that the Secret Service 's domestic surveillance responsibilities be increased ( WR 25 - 26 ) .
Somewhat illogically , the Warren Report concluded both that Oswald acted alone ( WR 22 ) , … , and also that the Secret Service , FBI , CIA , should coordinate more closely the surveillance of organized groups ( WR 463 ) .
In particular , it recommended that the Secret Service acquire a computerized data bank compatible with that already developed by the CIA . [ 8 ]
This pattern would repeat itself four years later , with the assassination of Robert Kennedy .
How many of you are aware that , in the 24 hours between Bobby ’s shooting and his death , Congress hurriedly passed a statute – again drafted well in advance – that still further augmented the secret powers given to the Secret Service ? [ 9 ]
Do n’t think that this was a trivial or benign change : from this ill - considered act , passed under Johnson , flowed some of the worst excesses of the Nixon presidency .
In the chaos and violence at the Chicago Democratic Convention of 1968 , army intelligence surveillance agents , seconded to the Secret Service , were present , both inside and outside the convention hall .
Some of them equipped the so - called “ Legion of Justice thugs whom the Chicago Red Squad turned loose on local anti-war groups . ” [ 10 ]
The presence of army intelligence agents at the convention was authorized by the statute passed while Bobby Kennedy was dying . [ 11 ]
This brings us to 9/11 .
On that day , before the last plane had crashed in Pennsylvania , the White House authorized the institution of so - called COG plans .
There is no doubt that COG was introduced – The 9/11 Report confirms it twice , on pages 38 and 326 . [ 12 ]
And I have little doubt that the COG plans , still in force today under President Obama , are the justification for the surveillance agents who are with you in the room as I speak to you at this moment .
I have written that they are also the probable source for the Patriot Act , and also for the Department of Homeland Security ’s Project Endgame -- a ten - year plan to expand detention camps , at a cost of $ 400 million in Fiscal Year 2007 alone . [ 13 ]
The worst features of the Bush decade were apparently all sketched out in COG planning – warrantless surveillance , warrantless detention , even suspension of our constitutional right of habeas corpus , first granted by Magna Carta in 1215 .
I ca n’t see you , but I ’m going to ask you to raise your hands if you have n’t heard about COG .
If you have n’t , please google for Cheney and COG when you get home ( 2.5 million hits ) , and perhaps even add “ peter dale scott ” to the search ( 9,470 hits ) .
You will find that officially “ COG ” stands for “ Continuity of Government ” planning .
I always say that we should think of it as “ Change of Government ” planning , since it was well summarized 22 years ago by Alphonso Chardy in the Miami Herald as plans for “ suspension of the Constitution … emergency appointment of military commanders … and declaration of martial law . ” [ 14 ]
Much is known about COG plans , and much more is not known .
We know that the ultra-secret planning began in 1981 under Reagan and then Oliver North , and continued under George H.W. Bush and Clinton .
Two of the key planners were Cheney and Rumsfeld , the two men who implemented it under 9/11 , even though when Clinton was president both men , both Republicans , were heads of major corporations and not even in the government . [ 15 ]
We learned that COG planning was still active in 2007 , when President Bush issued National Security Presidential Directive 51 ( NSPD 51 ) , which extended for one year the emergency proclaimed on September 14 , 2001 , and empowered the President to personally ensure " continuity of government " in the event of any " catastrophic emergency . "
He announced that NSPD 51 contains " classified Continuity Annexes " which shall " be protected from unauthorized disclosure . "
Under pressure from his 911truth constituents , Congressman DeFazio of the Homeland Security Committee twice requested to see these Annexes , the second time in a letter signed by the Chair of his committee .
His request was denied , indicating that ( as I wrote in Counterpunch )
the systems of checks and balances established by the U.S. Constitution would seem to be failing …
Continuity of Government planning has arguably already superseded the Constitution as a higher authority . [ 16 ]
One of the post - Watergate reforms so detested by Vice - President Cheney was the National Emergencies Act .
It requires specifically that “ Not later than six months after a national emergency is declared , … , each House of Congress shall meet to consider a vote on a joint resolution to determine whether that emergency shall be terminated . ” [ 17 ]
Former Congressman Dan Hamburg and I appealed publicly last year to Obama to terminate the emergency , and to Congress to hold the hearings required of them by statute . [ 18 ]
But Obama , without discussion , extended the 9/11 Emergency again on September 10 , 2009 ; [ 19 ] and Congress has continued to ignore its statutory obligations .
One Congressman explained to a constituent that the provisions of the National Emergencies Act have now been rendered inoperative by COG .
If true , this would seem to justify Chardy ’s description of COG as suspension of the Constitution .
I want to conclude by addressing those of you who may think that I exhibit the kind of conspiratorialist mentality once criticized by G. William Domhoff , the naïve belief “ that if we get rid of a few bad people , everything will be well in the world . ” [ 20 ]
My own position is still that which I articulated two decades ago years ago in response to Domhoff :
I have always believed , and argued , that a true understanding of the Kennedy assassination will lead not to `a few bad people , ’ but to the institutional and parapolitical [ or deep political ] arrangements which constitute the way we are systematically governed . [ 21 ]
Michael Parenti has endorsed what I wrote , and added , “ In sum , national security state conspiracies [ or what I am here calling deep events ] are components of our political structure , not deviations from it . ” [ 22 ]
Thanks to 9/11 , followed by COG , we now have a military command in the United States ( NORTHCOM ) , unprecedented surveillance of both foreign nationals and U.S. citizens , and plans for massive detention of folks like you and me , if our protests should begin to threaten the war machine .
I call on you all to devise how to outwit these forces that are distorting our society .
The beginning of an antiwar movement is the time when it is hardest to be hopeful of success .
And if what I have been saying is relevant , it will be harder now than in the 1960s to get our message to the American people . .
This makes especially relevant some inspiring words I would like to quote from the late Howard Zinn , who died last Wednesday :
To be hopeful in bad times is not just foolishly romantic .
It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty , but also of compassion , sacriﬁce , courage , kindness .
What we choose to emphasize in this complex history will determine our lives . ….
The future is an inﬁnite succession of presents , and to live now as we think human beings should live , in deﬁance of all that is bad around us , is itself a marvelous victory . [ 23 ]
Notes
[ 1 ] Cf. RAND Corporation , “ How Terrorist Groups End : Implications for Countering al Qa'ida , ” Research Brief , RB-9351 - RC ( 2008 ) , http://www.rand.org/pubs/research_briefs/RB9351/index1.html:
“ Minimize the use of U.S. military force .
In most operations against al Qa'ida , local military forces frequently have more legitimacy to operate and a better understanding of the operating environment than U.S. forces have .
This means a light U.S. military footprint or none at all . ”
[ 2 ] Noam Chomsky , Media Control : The Spectacular Achievements of Propaganda ( New York : Seven Stories Press , 2002 ) , http://www.thirdworldtraveler.com/Chomsky/Journalist_Mars.html.
[ 3 ] New York Times , March 13 , 1994 .
Robert D. Kaplan reported his personal experience that Hekmatyar was “ loathed by all the other party leaders , fundamentalist and moderate alike ” ( Robert D. Kaplan , Soldiers of God : With Islamic Warriors in Afghanistan and Pakistan [ New York : Random House , 1990 ] , 68-69 ) .
[ 4 ]
Noam Chomsky , For Reasons of State ( New York : Vintage , 1973 ) , 102 ; cf. 109 .
[ 5 ] “ Chomsky Dismisses 911 Conspiracy Theories As ' Dubious , ’ ” Rense.com , December 13 , 2006 ,
http://www.rense.com/general74/dismiss.htm.
[ 6 ]
Peter Dale Scott , The Road to Afghanistan : The War Machine , the CIA , and the Global Drug Connection ( forthcoming )
[ 7 ]
See for example Peter Dale Scott , The War Conspiracy : JFK , 9/11 , and the Deep Politics of War ( Ipswich , MA : Mary Ferrell Foundation Press , 2008 ) , 341-96 .
[ 8 ] Scott , Deep Politics and the Death of JFK , 280 .
[ 9 ]
Peter Dale Scott , Paul L. Hoch , and Russell Stetler , The Assassinations : Dallas and Beyond ( New York : Random House , 1976 ) , 443-46 .
[ 10 ] George O’Toole , The Private Sector ( New York : Norton , 1978 ) , 145 ; quoted in Scott , Deep Politics and the Death of JFK , 278-79 .
[ 11 ] Joan M. Jensen , Army Surveillance in America , 1775 - 1980 ( New Haven : Yale UP ) , 244 .
[ 12 ] 9/11 Commission Report , 38 , 326 ; Scott , Road to 9/11 , 228-29 .
[ 13 ] Scott , Road to 9/11 , 238 , 240-41 .
[ 14 ] Chardy , Miami Herald , July 5 , 1987 ; Scott , Road to 9/11 , 241 .
[ 15 ] Scott , Road to 9/11 , 183-87 .
[ 16 ]
Peter Dale Scott , “ Congress , the Bush Administration and Continuity of Giovernment Planning : The Showdown , ” Counterpunch , March 31 , 2008 ,
http://www.counterpunch.org/scott03312008.html
[ 17 ] 50 U.S.C. 1622 ( 2002 ) ; Peter Dale Scott and Dan Hamburg , “ Help Force Congress To Observe the Law on National Emergencies , ” March 24 , 2009 ,
http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all&address=389x5324819.
[ 18 ]
Peter Dale scott , " To All Readers : Help Force Congress To Observe the Law on National Emergencies !!! " ( with Dan Hamburg ) , http.//www.truth.org, March 24 , 2009 ,
http://www.911truth.org/article.php?story=20090324183053848#r7.
[ 19 ]
White House Press Release , September 10 , 2009 ,
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_office/Notice-of-continuation-from-the-president-regarding-the-emergency-declared-with....
A press briefing by Obama ’s spokesman Robert Gibbs the same day did not mention the extension .
[ 20 ] G. William Domhoff , in Jonathan Vankin , Conspiracies , Cover - Ups , and Crimes : Political Manipulation and Mind Control in America ( New York : Paragon House , 1991 ) , 125-26 .
[ 21 ] Scott , Deep Politics and the Death of JFK , 11 .
[ 22 ] Michael Parenti , Dirty Truths : Reflections on Politics , Media , Ideology , Conspiracy , Ethnic Life and Class Power ( San Francisco : City Lights Books , 1996 ) , 188 .
[ 23 ]
Howard Zinn , You Ca n’t Be Neutral on a Moving Train : A Personal History of Our Times ( Boston : Beacon , 2002 ) , 208 .
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s ) .
The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible or liable for any inaccurate or incorrect statements contained in this article .
To become a Member of Global Research
The CRG grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified .
The source and the author 's copyright must be displayed .
For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites , contact : crgeditor@yahoo.com
www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of " fair use " in an effort to advance a better understanding of political , economic and social issues .
The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes .
If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than " fair use " you must request permission from the copyright owner .
For media inquiries : crgeditor@yahoo.com
© Copyright Peter Dale Scott , Global Research , 2010
The url address of this article is : www.globalresearch.ca/PrintArticle.php?articleId=17300
The U.S. automakers have been licking their chops to take a hard swipe at Toyota over unintended acceleration .
None had the balls to actually do it .
SNL , however , does — with this anti-Toyota commercial Ford wishes they could really run .
Hat tip to Matt Cherette at Gawker.tv !
There 's no doubt Google has a sense of humor — its excellent April Fools jokes are a testament to that .
But there 's a wealth of funnies that can found any time of the year too .
Here we pull together a handy list of Google " Easter eggs " that you can uncover right now .
Bearing in mind we 're working up another list covering surprises that can be found in Google Maps , Earth and Street View , have we missed any other tricks from those crazy Google funsters ?
Do share in the comments below .
1. Try a Different Version of the Google Homepage
Sure , Google 's doodles make the famously sparse homepage a little more funky on certain days , but there are ways to jazz it up any day with some homepage tricks that will turn your search base into a pirate- , Klingon - or even Swedish Chef - themed online property .
Most of these work by entering an exact search term and then hitting the " I'm Feeling Lucky " button .
There 's a ton of these , some of which have been active for a while .
Google nods to open source software with Linux - and BSD devil - themed options that can be activated by typing " google linux " and " google bsd " then hitting the IFL button .
Those partial to a bit of grog meanwhile can get their Google homepage pirated by doing the same with " xx- pirate . "
Google will display in " hacker - speak " if you type in " google l33t . "
The Klingon version can be found with " xx-klingon , " and if you want some bork with your Google , enter " xx- bork " to go all Muppet Show .
Even more options include pig latin ( " xx- piglatin " ) , an Easter egg - themed page complete with bunny mini - game ( " google easter egg " ) , and a dark gothic way to search ( " google gothic " ) .
Typing " elgoog " offers Google backwards , and there 's an Elmer Fudd tribute at " ewmew fudd . "
Finally , it 's not quite a whole homepage change , but entering " ascii art " will make the Google logo display in that style .
2. See Quirky Calculator Results
While the few funny answers Google offers via its Calculator app do n't quite top the amusement to be had by typing 5318008 into your upside - down elementary school calculator , they are nonetheless another sign that the search giant does n't take itself too seriously .
Case in point — searching for the number of horns on a unicorn makes the Calculator app spring into life with the answer " 1 , " which is the same number it returns if you ask Google what the loneliest number is .
Searching for " once in a blue moon " brings up " 1.16699016 × 10 - 8 hertz . "
And , always a classic , searching for " the answer to life , the universe , and everything " will trigger the Calculator display " 42 , " which we all know is a reference to Douglas Adams 's The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
3. View Search Results Funnies
A classic , third - party search gag is revealed by asking Google to " find chuck norris " and hitting the " I'm Feeling Lucky " button .
The result , in bold red , reads " Google wo n't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you do n't find Chuck Norris , he finds you . "
Suggestions for the next course of action include , " Run , before he finds you . "
Although not falling into the Easter egg basket , some of the auto - suggestions that can be found via Google 's search service are pretty funny , too .
4. Get Teddy Bears and Ninjas
Google programmers have messed around with code for both Picasa and Google Reader to yield some surprising results .
Taking Picasa first , when in the desktop software , hitting control - shift -y will make a teddy bear appear .
Hitting the same combo again will give the first teddy a new buddy , and so on .
It 's since been revealed this was the childhood bear of photographer and photoblogger Noah Grey who worked with Google on the project .
Reader , meanwhile , gets an even more comprehensive Easter egg .
With a reference to the old Konami video game cheat code — that , depending on the game , would give you 30 lives or other bonuses — hitting up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , will make your RSS feed reader go into " ninja " mode .
As well as making some of the screen blue , all your feeds will read " 30 , " and some of the icons will change ( e.g. the like / unlike buttons , which turn into animated hearts ) .
A little cartoon ninja will actually appear on the right hand side of your screen .
5. iGoogle Theme Surprises in the Wee Hours
i Google skins are practically chocolate - coated with so many Easter Eggs to be found within .
A wide selection of the themes — which tart up your browser bar with pictures that change throughout the day — have a secret that 's revealed at 3:14 AM PST every single day .
Selecting the " beach " theme will mean the Loch Ness Monster makes a mysterious appearance for one minute every day at that time .
UFOs will hover over the skyline in " City Scape " and the Yokai , from Japanese folklore , show up in " Tea House " .
Meanwhile , a cartoon monster makes a brief appearance in " Spring Scape , " pi appears in the sky in " Sweet Dreams , " and the Northern Lights put on a show in both " Winter Scape " and " Holiday Village . "
Still more include a snow tiger in " Aja Tiger , " pumpkins in " Autumn , " a galleon sailing along in " Hong Kong , " and a spider in " JR . "
It 's almost certainly no coincidence that " 3.14 " are the first three digits of pi .
It 's the kind of witty play on numbers the Google staffers seem to love and , let 's face it — so do we !
More Google resources from Mashable :
After rumors about the HTC Supersonic have been swirling around the Internet for a few months , it is now time for the Wall Street Journal to chime in and contribute to the hype surrounding Sprint ’s first WiMAX handset .
According to people “ familiar with the matter , ” Sprint is expected to announce the HTC Supersonic next week during a presentation by Dan Hesse at CTIA .
The timing for such an announcement fits in nicely with Clearwire ’s promised 1H 2010 delivery date for the first WiMAX smartphone and we certainly have seen enough spy shots and hands - on videos to whet our appetite for this Android - powered 4G smartphone .
Read
The Who , What , When , Where and Why of Chemistry
Chemistry is not a world unto itself .
It is woven firmly into the fabric of the rest of the world , and various fields , from literature to archeology , thread their way through the chemist 's text .
THE politician to replace violent video game critic Michael Atkinson supports an R18 + classification for games , says a campaigner .
South Australian Premier Mike Rann yesterday said MP John Rau would be the new South Australian Attorney - General after Mr Atkinson stepped down from the position .
In the role , Mr Rau will have input on changes to Australia 's classification system — including an R18 + rating for games famously opposed by Mr Atkinson .
Gamers4Croydon party president Chris Prior told news.com .au he had met with Mr Rau and the MP was open to the introduction of an adult rating .
" Just over a week ago , I had the pleasure of meeting him personally when I attended an election forum in his electorate , " he said .
" He indicated to me that the lack of an R18 + for games seemed absurd , and that it was really just common sense to introduce it , considering the vast majority of adult content is already available under the MA15 + classification . "
Gamers4Croydon ran a candidate against Mr Atkinson in his seat of Croydon in last weekend 's state election , on the issue of an R18 + rating .
Mr Atkinson won his seat comfortably but still suffered a swing against him of 14.3 per cent .
He resigned from cabinet on Sunday to spend more time with his family and encourage " renewal " in the front bench .
An R18 + rating for games will be on the agenda of the next meeting of attorneys - general in late April .
It 's not that the Irish are cynical .
It 's rather that they have a wonderful lack of respect for everything and everybody .
Bob Lutz , the retiring eminence grise of General Motors , is known for pithiness and plain speaking .
Yesterday , he tossed off a nugget of news : GM is working on a range of pure electric cars , without range - extending engines , that will follow the 2011 Chevrolet Volt - - most likely a few years hence .
Volt Battery Pack
Coda electric sedan
2011 Nissan Leaf prototype
Will GM 's electric EV1 ever match up to its gas counterparts ?
Nissan , Coda leading
While the 1.4 - liter engine in the 2011 Volt alleviates drivers ' concerns over " range anxiety , " by powering a generator to add 300 or so miles to its 40 - mile electric range , other makers have moved directly into electric cars that offer ranges of around 100 miles .
The 2011 Nissan Leaf and the 2011 Coda Sedan , among others , are pure electric compact cars without range extenders that will go on sale before the end of this year .
Now GM apparently feels it needs to play in that sandbox as well .
The 78 - year - old Lutz told Associated Press that GM is " planning " a distinct line of electric vehicles without the backup engine that 's an integral part of the Voltec powertrain used for the 2011 Volt and future extended - range electric vehicles .
Deep EV experience
Pure EVs would join a range of GM technologies that include a new and more powerful version of its mild - hybrid Belt - Alternator - Starter system ; an evolution of the full Two - Mode Hybrid system it now owns ; and a plug - in version of the Two - Mode Hybrid .
Designs for a pure EV would build on GM's 15 years of deep experience with electric - drive cars back to the EV1 two - seater .
They would also vindicate critics who savaged GM for killing its electric - car program in 2002 as new battery chemistries were coming to the fore .
Former CEO
Rick Wagoner has said that ending the EV1 program in the early part of the last decade was one of his biggest mistakes .
Lithium cells from Michigan
It would almost surely use the same lithium - ion cell technology from LG Chem that makes up the Volt 's 16 - kilowatt - hour battery pack .
The added volume from larger packs in pure EVs could bring down GM 's cost for lithium - ion cells , making them more affordable .
Just this morning , LG Chem announced that it plans to manufacture those cells in a $ 200 million plant in Holland , Michigan , less than 200 miles from the Volt factory in Hamtramck .
" Poster child for planetary destruction "
During the wide - ranging interview , Lutz also said :
A large number of GM 's full - size pickup trucks and SUVs will be hybrids in the near future , to meet new fuel efficiency standards .
GM will spread the cost of adding hybrid and electric - drive technology across all products , rather than packaging it as an option .
The Hummer brand , now being wound down , had become " the poster child for planetary destruction . "
He believes GM will turn a profit in 2011 , and pay back its government loans .
He plans to write a book about his eight years at GM , including the company 's 2009 bankruptcy and government rescue .
[ AP via Detroit News ]
Arms control proponents hailed the progress .
Daryl G. Kimball , executive director of the Arms Control Association , called it “ the first truly post - cold - war nuclear arms reduction treaty . ”
Richard Burt , a former chief Start negotiator who now heads a disarmament advocacy group called Global Zero , said that the two presidents “ took a major step toward achieving their goal of global zero . ”
The breakthrough ended nearly a year of tumultuous negotiations that dragged on far longer than anticipated .
The two sides quarreled over verifying compliance , sharing telemetry and limiting missile defense programs .
Mr. Obama restructured Mr. Bush ’s plans for an antimissile shield in Europe , but Moscow objected to the new version as well and wanted restrictions .
Mr. Obama refused .
The two presidents cut through disagreements during a telephone call on March 13 .
The treaty will go for ratification to the legislatures in both countries , and the politics of Senate ratification could be tricky , coming at a polarized moment with a midterm election on the horizon .
Republican senators have already expressed concern that Mr. Obama might make unacceptable concessions .
Ratification in the Senate requires 67 votes , meaning Mr. Obama would need support from Republicans .
Senators Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Jon Kyl of Arizona , the Republican leaders , wrote Mr. Obama last week warning him that ratification “ is highly unlikely ” if the treaty contained any binding linkage between offensive weapons and missile defense , reminding him of his position “ that missile defense is simply not on the table . ”
Administration officials describing the draft treaty said its preamble recognized the relationship between offensive weapons and missile defense , but that the language was not binding .
The treaty establishes a new regime of inspections , but the American monitoring team that was based at the Votkinsk missile production factory until Start expired would not be allowed to return on a permanent basis .
Russian analysts said Moscow was happy to have reduced what it saw as the overly intrusive inspection regime mandated by Start but disappointed not to have secured restrictions on missile defense .
The military was pressuring the Kremlin not to agree to arms reductions without limits on the American missile shield , even though both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama have described it as aimed at Iran , not Russia .
In the end , the Kremlin overruled the military because it wanted a foreign policy achievement .
“ The military does not have the influence that it did during Soviet times , ” said Anton V. Khlopkov , director of the Center for Energy and Security Studies in Moscow .
“ Back then , the military people , if they did n’t run , they were among those who led the arms control negotiations from the Soviet side .
Now , they have less of a role . ”
Vladimir Z. Dvorkin , a retired major general and arms control adviser , said Moscow would retain the ability to scrap the new treaty if American missile defenses became a threat .
“ If , for example , the U.S. unilaterally deploys considerable amounts of missile defense , then Russia has the right to withdraw from the agreement because the spirit of the preamble has been violated , ” he said .
Mr. Obama met at the White House on Wednesday with Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Richard G. Lugar of Indiana , the senior Democrat and Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , to brief them on the negotiations .
Mr. Kerry later said he would hold hearings between Easter and Memorial Day on the history of arms control and promised action by year ’s end .
“ I assured the president that we strongly support his efforts and that if the final negotiations and all that follows go smoothly , we will work to ensure that the Senate can act on the treaty this year , ” Mr. Kerry said .
I think miniature cities are cool because I can pretend I 'm Godzilla and smash them to bits .
However , miniature cities that electrocute you if you smash them are definitely not as cool .
Our Glaciers Are Growing , Not Melting – More falsehoods From Al Gore
By Robert Felix
“ Almost all of the ice - covered regions of the Earth are melting — and seas are rising , ” said Al Gore - in an op - ed piece in the New York Times on February 27 .
Both parts of Gore ’s statement are false .
Never mind that Mr. Gore makes only passing reference to the IPCC ’s fraudulent claims that the Himalayan glaciers will all melt by 2035 .
( “ A flawed overestimate , ” he explains . )
Never mind that Mr. Gore dismisses the IPCC ’s fraudulent claims that the oceans are rising precipitously .
( “ Partly inaccurate , ” he huffs . )
Never mind that Mr. Gore completely ignores the admission by the CRU ’s disgraced former director Phil Jones that global temperatures have essentially remained unchanged for the past 15 years .
I ’ll let someone else dissect Gore ’s lawye ring comments , and concentrate on just the one sentence about melting ice , because neither part of that sentence is true .
Contrary to Gore ’s assertions , almost all of the ice - covered regions of the Earth are growing , not melting — and the seas are not rising .
Let ’s look at the facts .
If you click on the words “ are melting ” in Gore ’s article , you ’re taken to a paper by Michael Zemp at the University of Zurich .
Mr. Zemp begins his paper by warning that “ glaciers around the globe continue to melt at high rates . ”
However , if you bother to actually read the paper , you learn that Zemp ’s conclusion is based on measurements of “ more than 80 glaciers . ”
Considering that the Himalayas boast more than 15,000 glaciers , a study of “ more than 80 glaciers ” hardly seems sufficient to warrant such a catastrophic pronouncement .
Especially when you learn that of those 80 glaciers , several are growing .
Growing .
Not melting .
“ In Norway , many maritime glaciers were able to gain mass , ” Zemp concedes .
( “ Able to gain mass ” means growing . )
In North America , Zemp also concedes , “ some positive values were reported from the North Cascade Mountains and the Juneau Ice Field . ” ( “ Displaying positive values ” means growing . )
Remember , we ’re still coming out of the last ice age .
Ice is supposed to melt as we come out of an ice age .
The ice has been melting for 11,000 years .
Why should today be any different ?
I ’m guessing that most Canadians and Northern Europeans are very happy that the ice has been melting .
Unfortunately , that millenniums - long melting trend now appears to be changing .
No matter how assiduously Mr. Gore tries to ignore it , almost all of the ice - covered regions of the Earth are now gaining mass .
( Or , displaying positive values , if you will . )
For starters , let ’s look at those Himalayan glaciers .
In a great article , entitled “ World misled over Himalayan glacier meltdown , ” Jonathan Leake and Chris Hastings show that the IPCC ’s fraudulent claims were based on “ speculation ” and “ not supported by any formal research . ”
As a matter of fact , many Himalayan glaciers are growing .
In a defiant act of political incorrectness , some 230 glaciers in the western Himalayas – including Mount Everest , K2 and Nanga Parbat – are actually growing .
“ These are the biggest mid-latitude glaciers in the world , ” says John Shroder of the University of Nebraska - Omaha .
“ And all of them are either holding still , or advancing . ”
And get this .
Eighty seven of the glaciers have surged forward since the 1960s .
So much for Mr. Gore ’s “ more than 80 glaciers . ”
( I do n’t know how many Himalayan glaciers are being monitored , but my guess would be fewer than a thousand , so it ’s possible that hundreds more are growing .
There are n’t enough glaciologists in the world to monitor them all . )
But we do n’t need to look to the Himalayas for growing glaciers .
Glaciers are growing in the United States .
Yes , glaciers are growing in the United States .
Look at Washington State .
The Nisqually Glacier on Mt. Rainier is growing .
The Emmons Glacier on Mt. Rainier is growing .
Glaciers on Glacier Peak in northern Washington are growing .
And Crater Glacier on Mt. Saint Helens is now larger than it was before the 1980 eruption .
( I do n’t think all of the glaciers in Washington or Alaska are being monitored either . )
Or look at California .
All seven glaciers on California ’s Mount Shasta are growing .
This includes three - mile - long Whitney glacier , the state ’s largest .
Three of Mount Shasta ’s glaciers have doubled in size since 1950 .
Or look at Alaska .
Glaciers are growing in Alaska for the first time in 250 years .
In May of last year , Alaska ’s Hubbard Glacier was advancing at the rate of seven feet ( two meters ) per day – more than half - a - mile per year .
And in Icy Bay , at least three glaciers advanced a third of a mile ( one half kilometer ) in one year .
Oh , by the way .
The Juneau Icefield , with its “ positive values , ” covers 1,505 square miles ( 3,900 sq km ) and is the fifth - largest ice field in the Western Hemisphere .
Rather interesting to know that Gore ’s own source admits that the fifth - largest ice field in the Western Hemisphere is growing , do n’t you think ?
But this mere handful of growing glaciers is just an anomaly , the erstwhile Mr. Gore would have you believe .
Well , let ’s look at a few other countries .
Perito Moreno Glacier , the largest glacier in Argentina , is growing .
Pio XI Glacier , the largest glacier in Chile , is growing .
Glaciers are growing on Mt. Logan , the tallest mountain in Canada .
Glaciers are growing on Mt. Blanc , the tallest mountain in France .
Glaciers are growing in Norway , says the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate ( NVE ) .
And the last time I checked , all 50 glaciers in New Zealand were growing .
But this is nothing .
These glaciers are babies when you look at our planet ’s largest ice masses , namely , the Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets .
Contrary to what you may have heard , both of those huge ice sheets are growing .
In 2007 , Antarctica set a new record for most ice extent since 1979 , says meteorologist Joe D’Aleo .
While the Antarctic Peninsula area has warmed in recent years , and ice near it diminished during the summer , the interior of Antarctica has been colder and the ice extent greater .
Antarctic sea ice is also increasing .
According to Australian Antarctic Division glaciology program head Ian Allison , sea ice losses in west Antarctica over the past 30 years have been more than offset by increases in the Ross Sea region , just one sector of east Antarctica .
The Antarctic Peninsula , where the ice has been melting , is only about 1/50th the size of east Antarctica , where the ice has been growing .
Saying that all of Antarctica is melting is like looking at the climate of Oregon and saying that this applies to the entire United States .
There was not any evidence of significant change in the mass of ice shelves in east Antarctica nor any indication that its ice cap was melting , says Dr. Allison .
“ The only significant calvings in Antarctica have been in the west . ”
And he cautioned that calvings of the magnitude seen recently in west Antarctica might not be unusual .
“ A paper to be published soon by the British Antarctic Survey in the journal Geophysical Research Letters is expected to confirm that over the past 30 years , the area of sea ice around the continent has expanded . ”
What about Greenland ?
Greenland ’s ice - cap has thickened slightly in recent years despite wide predictions of a thaw triggered by global warming , said a team of scientists in October 2005 .
The 3,000 - meter ( 9,842 - feet ) thick ice - cap is a key concern in debates about climate change because a total melt would raise world sea levels by about 7 meters .
But satellite measurements show that more snow is falling and thickening the ice - cap , especially at high altitudes , according to the report in the journal Science .
The overall ice thickness changes are approximately plus 5 cm ( 1.9 inches ) per year or 54 cm ( 21.26 inches ) over 11 years , according to the experts at Norwegian , Russian and U.S. institutes led by Ola Johannessen at the Mohn Sverdrup center for Global Ocean Studies and Operational Oceanography in Norway .
Not overwhelming growth , certainly , but a far cry from the catastrophic melting that we ’ve been lead to believe .
Think about that .
The Antarctic Ice Sheet is almost twice as big as the contiguous United States .
Put the Antarctic and Greenland Ice Sheets together , and they ’re one hundred times bigger than all of the rest of the world ’s glaciers combined .
More than 90 percent of the world ’s glaciers are growing , in other words , and all we hear about are the ones that are shrinking .
But if so many of the world ’s glaciers are growing , how can sea levels remain the same ?
They can’t .
The sea level models are wrong .
During the last ice age , sea levels stood some 370 feet ( 100 meters ) lower than today .
That ’s where all of the moisture came from to create those two - mile - high sheets of ice that covered so much of the north .
And just as the ice has been melting for 11,000 years , so too were sea levels rising during those same years .
But the rising has stopped .
Forget those IPCC claims .
Sea levels are not rising , says Dr. Nils - Axel Mörner , one - time expert reviewer for the IPCC .
Dr. Mörner , who received his PhD in geology in 1969 , is one of the greatest – if not the greatest – sea level experts in the world today .
He has worked with sea level problems for 40 years in areas scattered all over the globe .
“ There is no change , ” says Mörner .
“ Sea level is not changing in any way . ”
“ There is absolutely no sea - level rise in Tuvalo , ” Mörner insists .
“ There is no change here , and there is zero sea - level rise in Bangladesh .
If anything , sea levels have lowered in Bangladesh . ”
“ We do not need to fear sea - level rise , ” says Mörner .
“ ( But ) we should have a fear of those people who fooled us . ”
So there you have it .
More falsehoods from Al Gore , the multimillionaire businessman who some say is set to become the world ’s first carbon billionaire .
Our glaciers are growing , not melting — and the seas are not rising .
I agree with Dr. Mörner , but I ’d make it a tad stronger .
We should have a fear of those people who have conned us .
Robert W. Felix is author of Not by Fire but by Ice , and publisher of www.iceagenow.com
One of the discussions that arise anytime we bring up a new graphics card from ATI or NVIDIA is about which company has the better drivers .
Well , this should help sway the argument a little bit .
It would seem StarCraft II Beta players were among the first to notice low frame rates while using the latest drivers from NVIDIA , and further digging has uncovered that the automated fan - controlling part of said firmware was failing to act as intended .
The result ?
Overheated chips , diminished performance , and in some extreme cases , death ( of the GPU , we think the users will be okay ) .
The totality of it is that you should avoid the 196.75 iteration like the plague , and NVIDIA has temporarily yanked the update while investigating the reported issues .
Shame that the company has n't got any warnings up on its site to tell those who 've installed the update but have n't yet nuked their graphics card to roll back their drivers , but that 's what you 've got us for , right ?
[ Thanks , Shockie ]
Credit where it 's due -- NVIDIA has dutifully put up an alert on its site advising users to roll back to the 196.21 driver while it investigates the root cause of the reported fan problems .
A state law enforcement agency would not be required to share investigative files with federal agencies under changes proposed to the state ’s hate crime bill .
In an amendment presented on the Senate floor Wednesday afternoon , Sen . Steve Russell , R - Oklahoma City , gutted a bill that had been filed to create a task force to study the Oklahoma Secondary School Activities Association , and inserted language to make changes to the state ’s hate crime statutes .
Under the new provisions of Senate Bill 1965 , reports that were collected during investigations of possible hate crime that did not end in a conviction would be destroyed or kept by the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation .
Russell said the bill is meant to prevent the federal law enforcement officials from taking over a case and applying different standards when local law enforcement has already investigated a case .
Only a few senators questioned Russell about the contents of his proposed amendment .
The measure passed 39 - 6 and now heads to the House for consideration .
Russell said his bill is meant to protect speech of all kinds .
" We just do n’t want the pendulum to swing too far the other way , ” he said .
" This protects people to do or say whatever they want , as long as it complies with local ordinances . ”
Russell said hate crimes should be prosecuted by local officials and not the federal government .
He said the language is still being studied , but does not prevent local law enforcement from requesting help .
Sen . John Sparks , D - Norman , said the measure could make it difficult for district attorneys to comply .
" This is putting district attorneys in a position to break the law , ” Sparks said .
" They could be guilty of obstruction of justice if the federal government requests evidence and they do n’t turn it over .
This language has all sorts of ramifications . ”
This rare all - black mutant penguin was spotted and photographed by Andrew Evans , who is traveling in Antarctica .
What gave this suave little guy his goth look ?
No , the answer is not Photoshop .
Advertisement
National Geographic 's Janelle Nanos asked Allan Baker , an ornithologist , about the images .
Here 's what transpired :
" Well that is astonishing , " he said .
" I 've never ever seen that before .
It 's a one in a zillion kind of mutation somewhere .
The animal has lost control of its pigmentation patterns .
Presumably it 's some kind of mutation . "
He explained that typically , melanistic birds of all species will have white spots where melanin pigmentation has failed to color the feathers .
But it 's extremely rare for melanin deposits to occur where they 're not normally located , as genes control those pathways ( in this case , in the breast feathers of the king penguin ) .
After looking through several texts , he ruled out the potential for it to be a hybrid and said that it 's closer in coloring to the Little Blue penguin .
" But look at the size of those legs , " he added , " It 's an absolute monster . "
Advertisement
Honestly I do n't know what 's more awesome : Blackie the Penguin , or Baker 's response to it .
via Intelligent Travel
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
UPDATE : It seems Blackie has been around for a while !
We just got an email from tour guide Ted Cheeseman , who writes :
I was expedition leader on a Cheesemans ' Ecology Safaris voyage in January 2006 when we saw the same penguin at Fortuna Bay on South Georgia .
Here 's ours , taken by one of our expedition staff , Hugh Rose , attached .
One of the updates from this month 's giant Patch Tuesday is wreaking havoc on some users Windows PCs by giving them the Blue Screen of Death ( BSOD ) , according to a thread on Microsoft Answers , the company 's support forum .
Based on what users have found , the update in question is KB977165 , which is described by Microsoft as " MS10 - 015 : Vulnerabilities in Windows kernel could allow elevation of privilege " ( for those wondering , yes this is the 17 - year - old Windows flaw we reported about last month ) .
The issue was first reported by Krebs on Security .
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS10-015 goes into further detail about the flaw being patched : " The vulnerabilities could allow elevation of privilege if an attacker logged on to the system and then ran a specially crafted application .
To exploit either vulnerability , an attacker must have valid logon credentials and be able to log on locally .
The vulnerabilities could not be exploited remotely or by anonymous users . "
The security update is rated Important on the versions of Windows it patches : Windows 2000 , Windows XP ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows Server 2003 ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows Vista ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows Server 2008 ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , and Windows 7 ( 32 - bit ) .
The majority of users who are complaining about the issue are on Windows XP , but some users in the thread mention this occurs for them on Windows Server 2003 and Windows Vista .
Those running Windows 2000 , Windows Server 2008 , and Windows 7 have yet to report problems ( edit : we now have confirmation of this BSOD occurring on Windows 7 , see this thread on Microsoft Answers ) , though the issue is fairly new so it 's still possible that as more and more users install the update , the BSOD will creep up on the remaining versions of Windows as well .
We have yet to see the problem occur , as most of our systems and those of our peers are running Windows 7 64 - bit or Windows Server 2008 R2 .
The thread starter explains the problem at hand : " I updated 11 windows xp updates today from Microsoft.com and restarted my pc like it asked me to .
( There has definitely been absolutely NO CHANGE in my computer software or hardware installation apart from [ these ] updates )
From then on , Windows [ could not ] restart again !
It is stopping at the blue screen with the following message :
A problem has been detected and windows has been shutdown to prevent damage to your computer .
PAGE_FAULT_IN_NONPAGED_AREA
Technical Information : STOP : 0x00000050 ( 0x80097004 , 0x00000001 , 0x80515103 , 0x00000000 ) .
" I tried all kinds of restarting option [s ] , namely safe modes etc. but everything is returning to the blue screen , " he concluded .
Another user wrote : " Samething [ sic ] happened to me .
I think there is something seriously wrong with the update .
I can't even open in safe mode ... "
Users in the thread have tracked down a fix , though it requires using a copy of the Windows disc ( or for netbook users without an optical drive , a bootable USB drive with Windows on it ) :
Boot from your Windows XP CD or DVD and start the recovery console ( see KB307654 for help with this step )
Type this command : CHDIR $ NtUninstallKB977165 $ spuninst
Type this command : BATCH spuninst.txt
Type this command : systemroot
When complete , type this command : exit
This fix has been marked as the answer to the thread by Cody , a Microsoft Support Engineer .
Formally , the suggestion actually says to repeat steps two through four with all the following patches : KB978262 , KB971468 , KB978037 , KB975713 , KB978251 , KB978706 , KB977165 , KB975560 , and KB977914 .
Since that post , users have concluded in the thread that KB977165 is the problematic update .
Robear Dyer , a Microsoft MVP , gave three pointers to users in the thread :
Uninstalling KB977165 will automatically restore the previous versions of ntkrnlpa.exe and ntoskrnl .
exe so there 's no need to find " a way to replace them . "
That being said , the newer versions of ntkrnlpa.exe and ntoskrnl .exe address the very serious and currently - being - exploited security vulnerability described in MS10 - 015 , so you really do not want to avoid this update !
Instead , open a free support incident per my previous reply .
Encountering a STOP error ( e.g. , 0x00000050 ) after installing this update could mean that your computer 's already been compromised by the security vulnerability addressed by MS10 - 015 , yet another reason to open a free support incident !
The only problem with these suggestions is that most users can't boot their computer to uninstall the update ( both " Last Known Good Configuration " and Safe Mode do n't work ) .
While the solution most users have found to work is to boot off the Windows XP disc and use the Recovery Console , Dyer is suggesting finding some other means to uninstall the update .
Users are naturally more interested in getting their computer functioning again than making sure it is secure .
" Microsoft is investigating reports of an installation issue with a security update released on February 9 , 2010 , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" We are investigating the issue to determine the cause of the issue .
Anyone believed to have been affected can visit : consumersecuritysupport.microsoft.com .
Those in the United States can contact Customer Service and Support at no charge using the PC Safety hotline at 1-866-727-2338 ( PCSAFETY ) .
Those outside the United States can find local contact numbers at support.microsoft.com/international . "
The company has since pulled the patch from Windows Update .
( CNN ) --
A team of scientists has agreed that a giant asteroid killed off dinosaurs and a majority of other species on Earth more than 65 million years ago .
The researchers analyzed evidence and agreed that it supports a single - impact theory first proposed 30 years ago on the cause of the mass extinction .
Since 1980 , scientists have gathered an overwhelming amount of evidence that shows a single asteroid about 6 miles in diameter , traveling at around 43,000 mph , slammed into the Gulf of Mexico , said Richard Norris , a paleoceanographer at the University of California San Diego .
The impact caused a crater 24 miles deep and 125 miles wide , according to Norris , who was part of the research team .
The crater was discovered in 1991 in Chicxulub , Mexico , on the Yucatan Peninsula , said scientists who called it the " smoking gun " that backed up the asteroid theory .
Norris compared the asteroid 's impact with a blast from 100 million megatons of TNT .
" It 's basically more powerful than all the atomic weapons on the planet going off all at once , " he said .
The researchers wanted to settle disputes about what killed off the dinosaurs .
Some theories have argued that it would have taken many meteorites to cause such a cataclysmic event .
Another rival theory suggested that the mass extinction was a result of a massive volcanic eruption in India that took place around the same time as the impact .
However , evidence now shows that one monster impact caused the ecological catastrophe , Norris said .
Data at the crater 's location showed rock with concentrations of iridium and platinum , which are characteristic of the chemical fingerprints of the asteroid , Norris said .
Norris speculates it took about 15 million years before the planet and surviving species started recovering from the impact that also destroyed 70 percent of other species .
" It 's believed that the impact actually blew down the forests over most of North America from the pressure wave associated with the explosion , " Norris said .
" Then there was this fireball that came after that that fried a lot of vegetation and basically cleaned off the landscape over most of North America . "
Scientists say the impact also caused a huge earthquake .
It " jiggled loose a lot of sediment on the eastern seaboard , " Norris said .
The conclusion was published in the journal Science on Friday .
Superstar comics artist Cliff Chiang posted some amazing Star Wars recruiting posters , which he created for the Star Wars Galaxies trading - cards game .
We 've seen a lot of clever Star Wars art lately , but Chiang 's wartime propaganda might be our favorite .
Advertisement
Click the first link to see another Chiang masterpiece , an inspirational poster featuring Darth Vader leading the charge .
[ Cliff Chiang and Cliff Chiang , via Laughing Squid ]
THIS INFORMATION FROM A NEWS RELEASE SENT TO THE WWAY NEWSCHANNEL 3 NEWSROOM
RALEIGH , NC ( NEWS RELEASE ) – Gov. Bev Perdue announced today that visitors to North Carolina spent a record $ 17 billion in 2010 , an increase of nine percent from 2009 .
The number was higher than the previous record of $ 16.8 billion set in 2008 .
The sixth most visited state in the nation , North Carolina gained nearly 2,000 tourism jobs in 2010 while state tax revenues from visitor spending increased 12.6 percent and have increased 16.2 percent since 2007 .
- Advertisement -
“ North Carolina ’s natural and cultural treasures bring people and dollars into our state , ” Gov. Perdue said during remarks at the N.C. Governor ’s Conference on Tourism and Hospitality in Asheville .
“ It ’s a consistently growing part of our economy .
Visitors and vacationers spend money that helps local economies thrive and creates jobs here in North Carolina , which is my number one priority . ”
More than 40,000 businesses in North Carolina directly provide products and services to travelers .
Those visitors spend more than $ 46.6 million per day in North Carolina and contribute nearly $ 4.1 million per day in state and local tax revenues as a result of that spending , according to the U.S. Travel Association .
Highlights include :
* 2010 total visitor spending saw an increase of 9 percent to a record $ 17 billion , up from $ 15.6 billion in 2009 .
* 36.8 million people visited North Carolina in 2010 , a 2.5 percent increase from 2009 .
* The travel and tourism industry directly employs 185,500 North Carolinians , up 1 percent from 2009 .
* Visitor spending directly generated a total of more than $ 1.5 billion in state and local tax revenues .
State tax revenue totaled more than $ 947 million and local tax revenues were $ 546 million as a direct result of visitor spending .
The visitor spending figures are the preliminary results of an annual study conducted by the U.S. Travel Association .
The study uses sales and tax revenue data , employment figures , and other travel statistics to determine visitor spending in North Carolina , the amount of taxes generated by that spending , and the amount of payroll and employment directly supported by that spending .
“ We are thrilled to have record - setting visitor spending for tourism in 2010 , ” said Lynn Minges , assistant secretary for tourism , marketing and global branding for the North Carolina Department of Commerce .
“ The fact that tourism helped create jobs and grow North Carolina ’s economy in these tough economic times is a testament to both the strength of our tourism product and to the collaborative partnership of the North Carolina travel industry . ”
I was looking for a way to send a Google Talk message ( via Perl ) whenever a certain something occurs , and thought it'd be a simple task since Google Talk uses the Jabber protocol , XMPP and all that .
Boy was I wrong .
I found some code on the ' net which used Net : : XMPP :: Client to create the connection to talk .
google.com , authenticate and send the message .
It just did n't work .
Turning some debugging on revealed I was getting an " incorrect - authz " error from Google .
The username and password were n't at fault ( that 'd be another error ) .
As from this page the reason for the authorisation failure has to be found in the feature called " JID Domain discovery " .
This is an example of the string used to authenticate to gtalk :
< auth xmlns='urn:ietf:params:xml:ns:xmpp-sasl ' mechanism=' PLAIN ' xmlns:ga= ' http://www.google.com/talk/protocol/auth' ga:client-uses-full-bind-result='true '>
HASHED_USER +PASS_INFO </auth >
The difference between what Google needs and what the Jabber modules give is enough for the Google servers to give an error .
The following program connects to Google Talk and sends a message to a user specified ( available at http://darkpan.com/files/notify-via-jabber.pl.txt as well ) :
#!/usr /bin/perl -w use strict ; use warnings ; use Net:: XMPP ; { # monkey - patch XML :: Stream to support the google - added JID package XML :: Stream ; no warnings ' redefine ' ; sub SASLAuth { my $ self = shift ; my $ sid = shift ; my $ first_step = $ self ->
{ SIDS}->{$sid}->{sasl}->{client}->client_start ( ) ; my $ first_step64 = MIME ::Base64::encode_base64 ( $first_step , " " ) ; $ self - > Send ( $ sid , " < auth xmlns= ' " .
& ConstXMLNS ( ' xmpp-sasl ' ) . " ' mechanism= ' " .
$ self ->{SIDS}->{$sid}->{sasl}->{client}->mechanism ( ) . " ' " .
q{xmlns : ga= ' http://www.google.com/talk/protocol/auth' ga:client-uses-full-bind-result=' true'} . # JID " >" .$first_step64 . " </ auth > " ) ; } } my $ username = shift or die " $ 0 : username needed " ; my $ password = shift or die " $ 0 : password needed " ; my $ resource = shift or die " $ 0 : client handle needed " ; my $ recipient = shift or die " $ 0 : need recipient address " ; my $ message = shift or die " $ 0 : need message to send " ; my $ conn = Net : : XMPP :: Client -> new ; my $ status = $ conn -> Connect ( hostname => ' talk.google.com ' , port => 5222 , componentname => ' gmail.com ' , connectiontype => ' tcpip ' , tls => 1 , ) ; die " Connection failed : $ ! " unless defined $ status ; my ( $res , $msg ) = $ conn -> AuthSend ( username => $ username , password => $ password , resource => $ resource , # client name ) ; die " Auth failed " , defined $ msg ? $ msg : '' , " $ ! " unless defined $res and $ res eq ' ok ' ; $ conn -> MessageSend ( to => $ recipient , resource => $ resource , subject => ' message via ' .
$ resource , type => ' chat ' , body => $ message , ) ;
Use it to send a chat from youruser@gmail.com to another@googlemail.com like so :
perl notify.pl youruser PASSWORD ' notify v1.0 ' another@googlemail.com ' this is a test message '
I hope this will be of help to somebody :)
- marco -
Arcadia Demade | vector poem
Typically when you ship a big game you get some time off to relax , take a step back and enjoy life .
Of course , I had to do something very silly with some of this time .
So I did a remake of a BioShock level for … wait for it …
Doom 2 .
Inspired partly by TIGSource ’s amazing Bootleg Demakes Competition , I used a modern Doom level editor called SLADE to recreate Arcadia and the Farmer ’s Market , the sections of BioShock on which I was the primary designer .
It ’s a monster of a level , crammed full of weird little BioShock - to - Doom transmutations and symbolism .
If you ’re a fan of either game , I hope you enjoy it .
Download the map from here .
Inside the ZIP are a standard format Doom WAD readme , instructions on how to get it running on modern systems , and some designer commentary on both the construction of the original map and the Doom demake .
To complement this release , I ’ve also posted a design analysis of classic Doom , just as I threatened to a while back .
Read it here :
Coelacanth : Lessons from Doom
Interview : Boris Nemtsov
After a lackluster athletic performance at the Winter Olympics in Vancouver , Russia now looks ahead to the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi .
Vladimir Putin ’s government hopes the event will showcase Russia ’s return to superpower status , but critics think the Kremlin ’s headaches have only just begun .
Last week , Boris Nemtsov — opposition leader , former deputy prime minister , and one - time Sochi mayoral candidate — spoke with FP‘s Joshua Keating about his concerns for his hometown .
Foreign Policy :
So why do you believe it is a mistake to hold the 2014 Winter Olympics in your hometown , Sochi ?
Boris Nemtsov :
In all of Russian history , I can think of only one example as crazy as this .
After he visited Iowa , [ Soviet Premier Nikita ] Khrushchev , told farmers around Murmansk , above the Arctic Circle , to grow corn in the frozen tundra .
[ Prime Minister Vladimir ]
Putin is now repeating Khrushchev ’s experience .
He has found one of the only places in Russia where there is no snow in the winter .
He has decided to build these ice rinks in the warmest part of the warmest region .
Sochi is subtropical .
There is no tradition of skating or hockey there .
In Sochi , we prefer football , and volleyball , and swimming .
Other parts of Russia need ice palaces — we do n’t .
FP : But is n’t the construction good for the local economy ?
BN : It is disastrous .
Roughly 5,000 people have been forced out of their homes to make room for the Olympic facilities , and thanks to the corruption and incompetence of authorities , have not yet been adequately compensated for their property or been given equivalent housing elsewhere , as they were promised .
Billions of dollars have simply disappeared .
All this sacrifice is for facilities that will most likely not be used when the games are over .
FP : What are the problems besides the weather ?
BN : These Olympics will be an economic and ecological catastrophe .
A road being built from Sochi to the ski areas in the nearby mountains will cost around $ 130 million per kilometer .
This is now one of the world ’s most expensive roads and a symbol of corruption .
The road will also pass directly through environmentally sensitive areas under the protection of UNESCO .
Putin seems to think he can buy success .
When Sochi was awarded the Olympics at the 2007 [ International Olympic Committee meeting in Guatemala , he promised to spend $ 13 billion on them .
Vancouver has only spent $ 2 billion .
It ’s certainly possible that with the level of corruption in Russia , $ 13 billion is what will be needed to get anything done after everyone has had their cut , but we do n’t think this is very good for Russia , or for the world .
Sometimes , it seems like God does n’t even want the Olympics in Sochi .
Putin ’s close friend , the oligarch Oleg Deripaska , attempted to build a sea cargo port in Sochi , but a huge storm in the Black Sea [ in late 2009 ] destroyed it .
They should have taken this as a sign that God does n’t want this to happen !
FP : What about terrorism ?
Sochi is near some very dangerous areas of the North Caucasus .
BN : I do n’t think terrorism will be a big problem .
There is not much of that in Sochi .
The bigger concerns are organized crime — which is very active there — and government corruption .
FP : What response have you gotten for raising these issues ?
BN : It is impossible in Russia today to criticize any of the government ’s decisions in the government - controlled media .
My movement , Solidarity , has several times proposed public debates on the games , but nobody from the Russian Olympic committee has agreed to take part .
FP : Why do you think the International Olympic Committee went along with the idea ?
BN : I believe that the organization is under very strong pressure from Putin and there is an informal relationship between him and the committee .
Eventually , there will be an international investigation to bring to light why this decision was made .
Whether it happens before or after the Olympics will depend on the level of interest of the international community .
But the truth will come out and the IOC will have to answer for it .
The US military is continuing work on a portable , robotic drone / missile which could be used to kill individual human beings from afar .
The weapon , codenamed " Anubis " , has now moved into the final stages of development .
The Javelin guided tankbuster is already used as a sort of super sniper weapon by British forces in Afghanistan .
The latest news comes in a federal budget announcement that California hi-tech firm Aerovironment , well - known as a specialist in very small UAVs , has received a $ 1.18 m contract for " Anubis Phase III " .
Phase III is the penultimate or final stage in most US military tech projects , indicating that Anubis is close to maturity .
According to other US government budget documents unearthed by the Ares blog , Anubis is a " Tactical MAV [ Micro Air Vehicle ] for Time - Sensitive Fleeting Targets " and add that it " is to address the need for a micro air vehicle that can engage high - value maneuvering targets " .
The deadly little machine is also described as a " non - line - of - sight munition with man - in - the loop target ID with very low collateral damage " .
Aerovironment has also been working on a project it calls " Switchblade " since at least 2007 , which is to deliver a portable , tube - launched " loitering munition " of the sort now becoming trendy in some nations ' artillery units .
The Switchblade , having been shot out of its disposable launch tube , pops out its wings and flies about on silent electric propulsion for as long as 15 minutes , scanning the terrain below with an electro - optical system .
As soon as its target is found , the silent Switchblade plunges out of the sky like a small robotic kamikaze , detonating its small warhead on impact to take out things as small as an individual human .
Anubis , then , may be no more than Switchblade by another name - or it might be based on still smaller Aerovironment offerings such as the Wasp throw - plane or the palm - sized , hovering Nano Air Vehicle .
Either way , such technology may soon be taking a lot of business away from snipers and car - bombers .
Why spend ages infiltrating an enemy organisation and planting explosives , or painstakingly sneaking to within a couple of line - of - sight kilometres lugging your high - powered sniper rifle ?
The modern - day assassin needs simply to get within a few miles of his victim and pop off a Switchblade / Anubis programmed to head for the rough coordinates of the relevant hotel , road or whatever .
Soon the silent , winged messenger of death is circling above the killing zone , while the assassin - or perhaps his shadowy masters in some distant country - view the remote imagery in comfort .
Once the hapless target comes into view the stealthy droid assassin swoops down and snuffs him out in a small , relatively clinical blast - probably no more devastating than a grenade or a single autocannon shell .
Another victim has been claimed by Anubis , guardian of the dead .
There 's no doubt that some of this sort of thing is coming : military forces are already using smaller guided missiles originally designed to destroy tanks against small enemy teams , vehicles or even individuals .
Examples include the air - launched Hellfire and the shoulder - fired Javelin , pictured above .
British troops in Afghanistan have fired so many Javelins that the Army has recently been forced to buy a load more , despite the fact that the Taliban have no tanks .
Smaller warheads and the ability to loiter in flight would surely be popular on the modern battlefield .
Whether such weaponry will ever be found in the armouries of spooks and terrorists remains to be seen - but other handy portable kit of this sort ( for instance shoulder - fired anti aircraft missiles ) has sometimes made the transition . ®
Well , there is now an alpha version of Strawberry Perl Professional up .
I 'm calling it 5.10.1.1 Alpha 1 ( as opposed to , say , " 5.10.1.2 Alpha 1 " ) because it's be built on top of Strawberry Perl 5.10 .
1.1 .
[ The January 2010 version . ]
" Strawberry Perl Professional 5.10.1.1 Alpha 1 " includes :
( Everything that 's specifically in Professional is listed in DISTRIBUTIONS.
txt )
One goal for the next release is to have Padre linked in as the default editor for .pl , .pm , and .pod files .
This alpha is just to test the modules chosen and to shake things down - and maybe prod a few more CPAN module authors into getting their modules working better on Windows .
There is no release notes page for this build yet - that will come with the next alpha or beta , whatever I decide to call it .
There will be no 5.8.9.x version of Strawberry Perl Professional -
It will only come in 5.10.1.x versions for the moment .
It 's taking me 4 1/ 2 hours to do one build of Professional , and I just bought this machine in October - anybody want to contribute to a second machine to start a build farm ?
To download this version , go to the Strawberry Perl beta page .
I 'm calling it an alpha because I KNOW some things do not work , and others may not work well .
In particular , CPANPLUS :: Shell : : Wx ( the graphical CPAN shell linked from the start menu ) crashes just after the splash screen starts .
You , in particular , have been prodded . :)
If you know Wx , send the author patches .
( I 'm going to start learning it )
* Devel : : ebug : : Wx [ a graphical Perl debugger ] would be nice to have , also , but Devel : : ebug is not testing correctly at the moment , so I do n't trust it enough to include it here .
If you want it , apply tuits .
** I may or may not remove one of these before release .
Depends on what is wanted and working well .
Up to 40 % off Selected Electricals at Very - Including Kitchen Appliances , TVs and More
Up to 40 % off Selected Electricals at Very - Including Kitchen Appliances , TVs and More
Up to 40 % off Selected Electricals at Very - Including Kitchen Appliances , TVs and More
Up to 40 % off Selected Electricals at Very - Including Kitchen Appliances , TVs and More
£ 10 off Upfront Cost of Pay Monthly Handset Orders and Free Next Day Delivery at Mobiles.co.uk
Exclusive £ 10 off Upfront Cost of Pay Monthly Handset Orders and Free Next Day Delivery at Mobiles.co.uk
Exclusive £ 10 off Upfront Cost of Pay Monthly Handset Orders and Free Next Day Delivery at Mobiles.co.uk
Exclusive £ 10 off Upfront Cost of Pay Monthly Handset Orders and Free Next Day Delivery at Mobiles.co.uk
Still looking ?
Here are some offers you might like
Up to 30 % off Selected Refurbished iPhone Orders at Apple
Free Next Day Delivery on Orders at Apple
Last used an hour ago
New iPad Air from £ 579 at Apple
Up to 15 % off Refurbished iPads at Apple - 1 Year Warranty Included
You 're now set up to receive the latest offers .
Unsubscribe from these updates at any time .
Interaction data is used to tailor your experience and for internal reporting .
Email me the latest codes , deals and promotions .
Up to 25 % off Refurbished Apple Watches at Apple - 1 Year Warranty Included
Up to 30 % off Refurbished iPhones at Apple - 1 Year Warranty Included
Free AirPods with Mac or iPad Orders at Apple
Up to 10 % Student Discount at Apple
Yes !
You 're in luck , head to their website to snap up your saving .
Apple have long been the maker of some of the finest personal computers money can buy .
Their Macbook and iMac ranges are truly things of beauty , far from the beige boxes a lot of people stick in their home office .
iPod is the only portable music device most people consider , and the iPhone is the must have handset of the moment .
Consider saving a little bit of cash on your next purchase and use one of our Apple discount codes .
How to Use Apple Voucher Codes
Once you 've found a discount code to use and copied it , head over to the Apple website .
Note , it 's always good to check the terms and conditions of the code to see whether some items are excluded .
After choosing which Mac , iPad , iPhone or Watch you want , add it to your bag .
Your bag is where you can enter your voucher code .
Click ‘ Enter it now ’ and paste the code into the box then hit ‘ Apply ’ .
Check out , pay and look forward to your new purchase !
Revolution # 194 , March 7 , 2010
Correspondence from a Prisoner on International Women's Day :
On Religion , Atheism and the Subjugation of Women
The following letter was written by a reader who is in prison :
Although I wo n't be able to physically show my unwavering solidarity for the International Women 's Day 2010 demonstrations —
I'm glad to have this opportunity to do so through my words .
I 'm an adamant believer that proletarian internationalism 's strength and power is only enhanced by our recognition that women are just as capable , deserving , and integral to our collective emancipation as any man .
Over the past several months , I 've been coming to appreciate the broader implications of atheism when it comes to the question of women and their collective liberation .
I 've recently written in a project I 'm working on , that " atheism is feminism on steroids . "
And I certainly believe that upon a number of levels .
First of all , religion has played the biggest role — second only to the class factor — in the oppression of women .
It has historically been the most relied upon justification when relegating women to subservient roles in all societies .
What 's the most despicable about all this , is that most young girls grow up with internalized feelings of inadequacy , of being " the downfall " of " mankind , " of being less than the opposite sex , and so on .
It 's kind of like how I felt growing up with the belief that I was somehow inferior to whites because of " the curse " that Noah had placed on the descendants of Ham ( Canaan , his son ) ( Genesis 9:24 - 27 ) .
I 've never lived in the shoes of a woman , personally , but I do know how it feels to believe once , that God , Himself , had sanctioned my race to endure the humiliation and dehumanization of slavery .
Such a feeling makes you feel as if the whole universe had conspired against your very existence .
So in that sense , you can say , I was born a woman through my experience of living as a black person underneath a Christian dominated worldview for most of my life .
It 's funny to me now when I hear moderates of all faiths , claim that their religion is a religion of equality , brotherhood / sisterhood , and love .
I 'm forced to think to myself at those times , " You must have n't read 1 Timothy 2 : 11 - 14 then , " which states that :
A woman should learn in quietness and full submission .
I do not permit a woman to teach or have authority over a man : she must be silent .
For Adam was formed first , then Eve .
And Adam was not the one deceived ; it was the woman who was deceived and became a sinner .
( New International Version of the Bible [ NIV ] )
Whenever I hear a Muslim say the same thing — that their religion is a religion of equality , brotherhood / sisterhood , and love — I 'm forced to think to myself , " You must not know what Surah 4:15 says , " which states that :
If any of your women are guilty of lewdness , take the evidence of four [ reliable ] witnesses from amongst you against them ; and if they testify , confine them to houses until death do claim them , or Allah ordain for them some ( other ) way .
The above is only a small proportion of the " holy decrees , " which have oppressed , subjugated , and demonized women for millenniums with the belief that there was something innately wrong with their existence ; but I 'm glad to inform my sisters that they no longer have to internalize such beliefs of self - hatred any longer .
I believe atheism is the most potent vaccination against all fallacies based upon " divine decrees . "
The scientific materialism which is inherent in an atheist world outlook , allows women and men alike , to recognize the validity and implications , for instance , of Ardea Skybreak 's book , The Science of Evolution and the Myth of Creationism — thus not only falsifying the creation myths of Christianity , Judaism , Islam , and all other superstitions , but also strips away the justification for why women should forever play subservient roles within society .
In that book , Skybreak includes a quote from the physicist Steven Weinberg , that should resonate with us all , especially women , when he mentioned that , " One of the greatest achievements of science has been , if not to make it impossible for intelligent people to be religious , then at least to make it possible for them not to be religious .
We should not retreat from this accomplishment . "
In a wider context , I mentioned , that " atheism is feminism on steroids . "
What I mean by that , is once we are compelled to sever God and Religion from our social discourses on women , we 'll be in a position for the first time in human history to define our gender and sex relations upon a concretely human - centered basis .
Ultimately it forces men to confront their biases and conditioned responses by reexamining our relationship to women mundanely as well as within the context of the proletarian revolution .
If every communist is a microcosm of the world we wished to bring forth , then it 's imperative that we start by resolving these sexist notions internally in order to eradicate them the most effectively externally .
Marx once remarked that , " Right can never be higher than the economic structure of society and its cultural development conditioned thereby . "
( Critique of the Gotha Programme by Marx . )
If that 's the case and we are representatives of the far superior society of socialism - communism , then surely our right must be higher and richer than the male chauvinism now prevalent within bourgeoisie society .
And I 'm certainly of the belief that it absolutely is .
In Solidarity
I 'm aware that the RCP Publications is the publisher of Phony Communism is Dead ... Long Live Real Communism by Bob Avakian .
I would like to be sent a copy of that book , if it 's possible .
My comrades and I have heard about it , and we would definitely like to get our hands on it .
Thanks , either way .
Prisoners Revolutionary Literature Fund The Prisoners Revolutionary Literature Fund ( PRLF ) is an educational literature fund that fills requests from U.S. prisoners for revolutionary literature .
The main requests received by PRLF from those behind bars are for complementary subscriptions in Spanish and English to the weekly newspaper Revolution * and for revolutionary and other books , including ones highlighted in the newspaper .
Through providing this literature , PRLF provides an educational opportunity for prisoners to engage with world events and key political , cultural , and philosophical questions of the day from a unique revolutionary perspective , including discussions of morality , religion , science , and the arts .
Every week prisoners can delve into the urgent and lively news and debate about unfolding political and social struggles , and can critically think about and dissect the current state of society as well as search for an alternative .
* published by RCP Publications ( www.revcom.us) PRLF is a project of the International Humanities Center , a non-profit public charity exempt from federal income tax under section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the IRS code ( www.IHCenter.org.)
Checks should be made payable to IHCenter / PRLF and mailed to : International Humanities Center
860 Via de la Paz , Suite B - 1
Pacific Palisades , CA 90272 or Prisoners Revolutionary Literature Fund
1321 N. Milwaukee , # 407
Chicago , IL 60622
To volunteer or reach PRLF , please write us at the Chicago address , call us at 773‑960‑6952 , or
e-mail us at prlf_fund@yahoo.com .
Send us your comments .
Marriage remains a perennially popular institution — otherwise why would same - sex couples be clamoring to share in it ?— and yet after the first bloom of love fades , marriage faces an inherent problem .
You have to hammer out a life with another person who may not find it particularly easy to hammer out a life with you .
Many couples work out what to do on their own .
But what should clashing couples do ?
Marriage counseling became a popular answer to that question after marital referees ...
United States president Barack Obama has visited US troops while on an unannounced whistle - stop night visit to Afghanistan for urgent talks with president Hamid Karzai .
On Mr Obama 's first trip to Afghanistan as president , he told troops : " There is no visit I consider more important than the visit I am making right now . "
The official itinerary had the president having a quiet weekend at Camp David with his family after a frantic week , first with his healthcare victory and capped off with a new arms reduction treaty with Russia .
But instead he secretly boarded Air Force One for an overnight flight to Bagram Airfield .
From there he transferred to a helicopter to fly into Kabul for talks at the presidential palace .
Mr Karzai was only told on Friday , Australian time , that Mr Obama was coming .
Mr Obama also met the US and NATO commander Stanley McChrystal before addressing troops .
" I know that sometimes , when you 're watching TV , the politics may look a little messy and people are yelling and hollering Democrats this and Republicans that , " he told the assembled troops .
" I want all of you to understand there 's no daylight when it comes to supporting you .
There 's no daylight when it comes to supporting our troops . "
He thanked coalition and Afghan forces for their sacrifices .
" We are going to disrupt and dismantle , defeat and destroy Al Qaeda and its extremist allies .
That is our mission , " he said .
Washington invitation
The two leaders had a short meeting and the American leader invited his Afghan counterpart to Washington in May .
After Mr Karzai's controversial re-election late last year , White House officials say Mr Obama wanted to press the Afghan leader to do more to promote good governance and tackle corruption and narco - traffickers who are providing funding for insurgents .
For his part , Mr Karzai is looking for reassurances about the number of civilian casualties caught up in the fighting .
Commentators such as longtime defence writer Jamie McIntyre say the US administration wants the Afghan leader to move much faster .
" The clock is ticking and President Obama really wants to put the pressure on Hamid Karzai to start doing some of the things that would help ensure success after US troops begin to leave sometime next year , according to the president 's goal , " he said .
" There are two problems with this strategy .
One is the things that they 're asking President Karzai to do - which is strengthen the institutions in the country , wipe out corruption , take more action in the drug war because Afghanistan in some places is in danger of becoming a narco state - are the same things they 've been asking him to do all along .
" The second problem is that the reason the clock is ticking is simply because President Obama has announced a goal to begin withdrawing troops next year . "
Casualties rising
The trip comes with American casualties in Afghanistan rising sharply as US troops press Taliban militants in the south .
US troop numbers will increase over the coming months to nearly 100,000 .
Retired Lieutenant Colonel Bob Maginnis says it is part of a broader strategy to strengthen partnerships in the region and isolate Iran .
" The fact is that the president is bringing the spotlight to Afghanistan at a critical time , " he said .
" Keep in mind this past week that General Kayani - the military commander of Pakistan next door , which is an absolutely critical ally in this effort - he was in the Pentagon , he was all over Washington .
" And they 've been very helpful to us , so I think this [ visit ] is saying thanks to the Pakistanis for helping us , but Iran watch out because we know you 're not helping , and by the way President Karzai , we 're going to be there but you 've got to do your job . "
The US administration is also concerned about losing public support for the war if the governance problems in Afghanistan continue .
It 's just been a little over a week since IBM researchers announced that they managed to open up a bandgap for graphene - based field - effect transistors , but they 're now already back to show off what that 's made possible : a 100GHz graphene transistor .
What 's more , this latest record - setting transistor ( which IBM hopes will one day replace silicon transistors ) was made using processing technology that 's compatible with that currently used in advanced silicon device fabrication , which should no doubt help speed up its eventual commercialization .
Of course , any widespread adoption is still quite a ways away , but IBM says that this new transistor " demonstrates clearly that graphene can be utilized to produce high performance devices and integrated circuits . "
For those keeping score , this first - of - its - kind transistor already beats the frequency performance of current state - of - the - art silicon transistors of the same gate length , which now top out at a mere 40GHz .
As a member of a working family , I ’m worried about job security ; about the dramatic disappearance of jobs and small businesses in our communities ; about the loss for so many of that most basic human need – to earn an honest day ’s wage for an honest day ’s work .
I believe firmly that we must collectively work to bring back manufacturing jobs to this country so our country becomes a producer of goods rather than simply a consumer .
As a future retiree , I ’m worried about the catastrophic decline in the value of my retirement , and worried about our financial security – still at the mercy of a woefully under - regulated financial sector , still indifferent to the consequences of their reckless and self - serving behavior on real people , like us .
And I ’m angry that the current representative , John Boehner , is making promises to the Wall Street bankers he helped to bail out that he now will work to block any new regulations to protect the public in exchange for campaign contributions for his party .
As a homeowner , I ’m worried about the value of my home and my neighbors ’ homes , concerned about the continuing toll of the foreclosure crisis on our economy , on our communities and on all the families who suffer as a result .
As a taxpayer , I ’m frustrated with elected officials , like Mr. Boehner , who have carelessly approved spending beyond our country ’s means for nearly a decade , acting with knowing disregard for responsible and sustainable fiscal practices and wasting untold hundreds of billions of our tax dollars on an unnecessary war and irresponsible tax cuts for the rich , all the while , scoffing at programs to strengthen , build and grow our people and our communities .
And as a constituent , I ’m frustrated with career politicians like Mr. Boehner , who serve only the special interests of the rich and powerful , eager to bask in privilege and excess , while willingly ignoring the people they were elected to serve , unaware or indifferent to their viewpoints , their struggles and their aspirations .
This servitude to the special interests on behalf of Mr. Boehner is no more evident than his vote last week to uphold insurance companies ' anti-trust exemption , an appalling vote that should cause a chill to run down the spines of his constituents .
Government solutions may not always be the answer , but they are not always the problem either , as Mr. Boehner would have us believe .
In a democracy , we get the government we deserve – because we make it what it is .
And Mr. Boehner ’s " just say no " approach to governance , is neither effective leadership nor responsible representation .
That ’s why I ’m running – to end the 20 - year reign of an out - of - touch career politician and take back the people ’s seat in Congress ; to return responsibility , respect and common sense to our seat in Washington ; and to listen to and learn from all the people of the 8th District , giving them a voice once again .
But I can not do this alone .
I need help from people like you on the netroots if I am going to take the 8th District seat away from Wall Street and the insurance companies .
Please help me by donating money at my website .
And if you live in or near the 8th District in southwestern Ohio , please consider becoming a volunteer for the campaign as well .
This campaign will not be easy .
I am an underfunded long - shot against the House Minority Leader in a solidly conservative district .
But I know I can make it a race with your help .
And I know I can win if we put all our collective resources together and finally focus on defeating John Boehner once and for all .
Thank you Kossacks for your time .
I look forward to future conversations with you throughout the campaign season .
www.coussouleforcongress.com
I have been having an occasional issue with my Linux web server , where the apache process goes out of control and eats up all the RAM over a period of a few hours .
Eventually swap becomes exhausted , and the dreaded oomkiller starts , and the server then become unresponsive .
This is bad , since the server is colocated in a remote datacenter , and the only way I have to log in is via ssh .
Once oomkiller starts doing its thing , I can't log in , so a hard reset is required .
The last time I did this I ended up losing some files ( recovered from backup , but a pain nonetheless ) .
So I wanted to somehow keep an eye on things to stop the situation from degrading so far , but while I found various methods for monitoring the memory from the command line , I wanted a script that could be run automatically to check the health of the memory and take actions as appropriate .
This is what swapwatch is for .
Bookmark | Edit | | Report | Link File : swapwatch Type : a /usr / bin / perl script text executable Size : 3 KB
This utility is intended to be run regularly from cron , say every minute .
I do n't think this will impact the server performance at all , since the script does n't do anything under normal circumstances except read and parse a very small text file .
The script reads / proc / meminfo , which contains stats on current memory usage , for example :
shell > more / proc/ meminfo MemTotal : 4063248 kB MemFree : 55528 kB Buffers : 339824 kB Cached : 2456500 kB SwapCached : 12480 kB Active : 1651604 kB Inactive : 2114848 kB SwapTotal : 3863624 kB SwapFree : 3806356 kB Dirty : 6544 kB Writeback : 0 kB AnonPages : 967272 kB Mapped : 16820 kB Slab : 194364 kB SReclaimable : 176824 kB SUnreclaim : 17540 kB PageTables : 15140 kB NFS_Unstable : 0 kB Bounce : 0 kB WritebackTmp : 0 kB CommitLimit : 5895248 kB Committed_AS : 1834468 kB VmallocTotal : 34359738367 kB VmallocUsed : 26340 kB VmallocChunk : 34359711767 kB HugePages_Total : 0 HugePages_Free : 0 HugePages_Rsvd : 0 HugePages_Surp : 0 Hugepagesize : 2048 kB
The lines we are interested in are SwapTotal and SwapFree .
Together , these can give us an idea of the " health " of the system , at least in terms of memory usage .
On most production systems there really should not be much , if any , swap space in use during normal operation .
The script takes a sequence of command line parameters which specify levels of free swap , and actions that should be taken if the free swap should fall below these levels .
Here is the syntax :
swapwatch < level [ : action ] > ...
So the ' : action ' part is optional , and you can have multiple level : action tuples .
The levels are percentages , for example 75 means 75 % .
This refers to free swap as a percentage of total swap .
For example if you say :
swapwatch 50 ' 25 : apache restart '
This means issue a warning if the free swap level falls below 50 % of total swap , and take action if the level falls below 25 % ( the action is ' apache restart ' ) .
Note that for command line parameters , you do n't need quotes around a simple number , but you do if you have a command sequence that has any spaces .
Quoting allows you to group together multiple words as one single command line param , which is what we want here .
The level : action tuples are evaluated in numerical order , according to the level .
That means the lowest swap levels ( i.e. the worst conditions ) are tested first .
So if we have params for levels of 80 , 50 and 25 , then the 25 is evaluated first , then 50 , then 80 , regardless of the order in which these params are given on the command line .
Also , only the first matching action is executed .
This seems to make sense , because if we have , say , a last ditch action to reboot the server at 25 % free swap space , then we do n't also want to execute the other actions that are associated with higher levels .
Usually you would use swapwatch from /etc / crontab .
For example , I have this line in mine :
*/1 * * * * root swapwatch 95 ' 90 : apache restart ' ' 50 : apache stop ; mysqladmin shutdown ' ' 25:reboot '
So what happens here ?
Let 's imagine how a possible scenario might transpire .
Say some process has a memory leak and begins eating up RAM , eventually exhausting that and starting on the swap space .
Our swapwatch script is being run every minute by cron .
So the first condition it notices is probably the ' 95 ' , i.e. the percentage of free swap has fallen below 95 % of total swap .
Using a high number for the first warning is probably a good idea , since on most servers , any swap being used at all ( beyond a few megabytes ) is probably a sign of something wrong .
So this initial tripwire is a simple warning , with no associated action ; it will just print out the warning text , which cron will forward to the sysadmin via email .
Hopefully the admin sees this quickly , and checks the system manually to see what 's going on .
If the situation continues ( let 's say the sysadmin is away or home asleep or whatever ) .
Then the next trip point is ' 90 : apache restart ' .
This means when the free swap falls below 90 % of total swap , we try restarting the apache web server .
This is relevant for me , because it 's apache that seems to be the problem .
Usually , a simple restart should do the trick .
The sysadmin will again get an email saying what happened .
Ok , next let 's say the problem was n't apache at all , but some other process .
Well , on my server the other big , complex program that 's running all the time is mysql , the database server .
This is usually pretty stable , but very occasionally it 'll run into a problem that makes it go haywire .
So we have a check point for ' 50 : apache stop ; mysqladmin shutdown ' - if the free swap falls below 50 % of total swap , we stop the webserver and attempt to cleanly shut down mysql .
The final check point is a catch all : ' 25 : reboot ' says that if we have less than 25 % free swap space , then by now we 've already tried shutting down apache and mysql , so there must be some other issue ( or maybe the attempted shutdown of the problem process simply did n't work ) .
We need to reboot the server in an orderly fashion , before the dreaded oomkiller starts to make it unresponsive and makes a hard reset necessary .
You can obviously choose your own warning levels and actions according to your situation ; what the script does is fully configurable from the command line .
If you want , you can just have it as a warning generator :
swapwatch 50
This will just issue warnings when the free swap goes below 50 % .
Or you could just do a simple command to give you some diagnostics when the condition arises :
swapwatch ' 50:netstat -a'
It 's completely up to you .
This is a very simple Perl script , and should be hackable by anyone with knowledge of the language .
It should only be used by experienced sysadmins , and it 's presented here without any guarantee or warranty .
It 's free for you to use or hack for your own use - but use it at your own risk !
All I ask is that if you republish it or adapt it , please give attribution back to me .
Possible enhancements might include making the script into a loop that runs continuously , for situations where running every minute from cron would be too infrequent ( e.g. for situations where the memory can become exhausted very quickly ) .
For me , it works well as - is , so I 'll leave that as an exercise for the reader .
Thanks ,
Neil Gunton
March 22nd 2010
Shoulda gem is great not only because it provides you with a very clean and natural way of organizing tests with context and should building blocks , but it also comes with quite a large set of predefined macros that mirror Rails ’ validations , relations etc .
What ’s even better — it ’s very easy to create your own macros to further speed up test writing .
Modern versions of Shoulda gem allow to do it in a clean and modular way .
That ’s great news if you are serious about TDD because for every substantial codebase you will end up with even bigger pile of testing code , so any tool helping in encapsulating common test logic or patterns is priceless .
This article is a tutorial on writing custom Shoulda macros : from very simple to quite complex .
A note on structure
First things first : your custom macros should be placed in a Ruby file in test / shoulda_macros / directory ( assuming it ’s a Rails project ) .
You can have as many files as you like so I recommend grouping macros by their theme or usage .
Having small , coherent modules of related macros makes for easier reuse in other projects .
Inside the file you basically add class methods to Test :: Unit : : TestCase so the basic pattern is :
class Test :: Unit :: TestCase def self .
should_be_awesome should " be awesome " do # actual test code here end end # even more Shoulda awesomeness ...
end
The methods you create here can either call various assert_ ... methods or use Shoulda ’s building blocks should and context .
The latter approach is recommended ( read : totally cool ) because then your macros will fit nicely into Shoulda framework , providing nice test names and informative failure messages .
Simple macro
So , how about a simple macro for starters ?
For example , let ’s write a macro to assert that the tested class has an attr_reader :
class Test :: Unit :: TestCase def self.should_have_attr_reader name klass = self.name.gsub(/ Test$ / , '' ) .constantize should " have attr_reader :#{name} " do obj = klass.new obj.instance_variable_set (" @#{name} " , " SomeSecretValue " ) assert_equal ( " SomeSecretValue " , obj.send ( name ) ) end end end # Usage class PostTest should_have_attr_reader :comments_number
end
First ( line 3 ) we need to get the class under test .
Next line is where things get interesting — a should block is created .
Please note how we include the name parameter in the block ’s description .
This way we get more information in case of failure and can actually use the macro more than once per class ( otherwise Shoulda would complain about duplicate test names ) .
Inside the should block there ’s the actual testing code , which is irrelevant to this tutorial , so I ’ll spare you the details .
Just remember to actually assert something inside :)
Reusing built - in & custom macros
As an additional bonus , we can reuse our macros in other macros , so had we create a should _have_attr_writer in a similar manner , we could also get :
def self.should_have_attr_accessor name should_have_attr_reader name should _have_attr_writer name end
We can also reuse built - in macros , for example to create should_validate_inclusion_of , which for some reason is not available in Shoulda .
Of course , in general it ’s not possible to test all the values that should not be allowed , but I decided to bite the bullet and came up with this :
def self.should_validate_inclusion_of a , opts lst = opts [ : in ] should_allow_values_for a , * lst rng = ( lst.min.pred..lst.max.succ ) invalid = ( rng.to_a + [ nil , " " , 0 , 1 , 2 ] ) - lst should_not_allow_values_for a , * invalid end # Usage class NumberTest should_validate_inclusion_of :powers_of_two , :in => [ 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 ] end
In lines 2 & 3 , we get our list of allowed values and hand it to Shoulda ’s own should_allow_values_for .
So far so good , but how to get invalid values ?
Again , this is not relevant to this tutorial , but in short I assume that the values are numbers and create a little bit wider list then remove the valid values .
That gives us a list of values that are not allowed for the attribute and all we need to do is call should_not_allow_values_for on them .
should_have_attr_reader revisited
Of course we are not limited to one should block per macro , so we can improve our should _have_attr_reader to accept any number of params :
class Test :: Unit :: TestCase def self.should_have_attr_reader * names klass = self.name.gsub(/ Test$ / , '' ) .constantize names.each do |name| should " have attr_reader :#{name} " do obj = klass.new obj.instance_variable_set (" @#{name} " , " SomeSecretValue " ) assert_equal ( " SomeSecretValue " , obj.send ( name ) ) end end end end # Usage class PostTest should _have_attr_reader : yes , :i_really , : have , : that , : many , :attr_readers end
The only thing new here is each loop on line 4 that creates as many should blocks as there are parameters given to our macro .
This is better that one should block with a loop iterating over parameters inside it , because all attr_reader s are tested independently and one failure does n’t prevent others from running .
Advanced
And now for even more contrived advanced example .
This time it ’s should_delegate which tests if some methods are delegated ( Rails style ) to some field :
def self.should_delegate *args if args.last.is_a ?
Hash opts = args.pop field = opts [ : to ] args .
each { |name| should_delegate name , field } return else name , field = args end klass = self.name.gsub(/ Test$ / , '') .constantize to_class = field.to_s.camelize.constantize should " delegate #{name} to # {to_class} " do to = to_class.new to.expects ( name ) .returns " name_value " obj = klass.new field => to assert_equal ( " name_value " , obj.send ( name ) ) end end # Usage class Comment belongs_to : post delegate : category , : to => : post end class CommentTest # simple case should_delegate : category , : post # " advanced " case should_delegate : category , : more , :attrs , : to => : post end
In the simple case one should block is created to test if the method in question is delegated to the field .
In the “ advanced ” case , there are more attributes and the field is specified as the last argument preceded by a : to => to make it more DSL - ish .
With these arguments , should_delegate pops the hash off the argument list , extracts the : to option and then calls itself recursively on all remaining arguments , thus reusing the “ simple case ” .
One - off cases
Defining custom macros does n’t have to be done in separate files .
If your test logic is specific to only one method or class , you can define them right there in the test class .
I do it whenever I notice some pattern emerge in my tests that is too specific for a full - blown custom macro .
For example , here ’s a context block for some helper method :
context " class_for_value " do should " equal ' bullet_cross_icon ' for false " do assert_equal ( 'bullet_cross_icon ' , class_for_value ( false ) ) end should " equal ' bullet_cross_icon ' for 0 " do assert_equal ( 'bullet_cross_icon ' , class_for_value( 0 ) ) end should " equal ' tick_icon ' for true " do assert_equal ( ' tick_icon ' , class_for_value ( true ) ) end should " equal ' tick_icon ' for 1 " do assert_equal ( ' tick_icon ' , class_for_value ( 1 ) ) end should " equal nil for 2 " do assert_equal ( nil , class_for_value ( 2 ) ) end should " equal nil for 10 " do assert_equal ( nil , class_for_value ( 10 ) ) end end # class_for_value
Pretty boring and tedious to write and maintain .
Why not refactor this with Customo Macroculus ?
context " class_for_value " do def self .
should_equal expected , value should " equal '# {expected} ' for # {value} " do assert_equal ( expected , class_for_value ( value ) ) end end should_equal ' bullet_cross_icon ' , false should_equal ' bullet_cross_icon ' , 0 should_equal ' tick_icon ' , true should_equal ' tick_icon ' , 1 should_equal nil , 2 should_equal nil , 10 end
Ah , much better now .
And that concludes this mini tutorial .
Be sure to check out http://wiki.github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda/example-macros and http://mileszs.com/blog/2008/09/21/shoulda-macros-for-common-plugins.html for more examples , including creating contexts inside your macros .
There are many collections of useful Shoulda macros on Github and the Internet , try googling — maybe there ’s even one to do what you need ?
You would n’t have to read this boring tutorial then :)
Deadly Bombing in Kunduz German Army Withheld Information from US Pilots
As details from the deadly Sept. 4 bombing in Kunduz , Afghanistan continue to emerge , it has become more apparent that German commanders both disregarded NATO rules of engagement and misled the US pilots who carried out the attack .
One pilot says he would have refused to attack had he been told the truth .
und John Goetz Von Matthias Gebauer
Insurance is meant to provide peace of mind .
Yet , for many individuals , their insurance only brings them stress when the company refuses to pay their benefits .
Medical bills and household expenses pile up as the insurance company delays or denies their claim , making it harder and harder to envision getting out of the situation .
At Law Office of P. Randall Noah , we dedicate our practice to fighting for our clients and their right to their benefits .
We can help you :
We will work to convince the insurance company to pay your claim , taking your case to either state or federal court if necessary .
i tried to nair my armpits earlier today but i think my nair is so old it didnt work and now my armpits smell like b.o. and nair and im probably going to have mild chemical burns
Prolific Mexican politician and intellectual Jorge Castañeda believes that a greater North American community — a “ North American Union ” — with economies tied together under a European Union - style system , complete with open borders and a unified currency , is the wave of the future .
In a new interview with Web site BigThink.com , Castañeda , Mexico ’s foreign minister from 2000 - 2003 and a global distinguished professor of politics at New York University , said that with nearly 11 percent of Mexicans living in the United States , he has stopped seeing his nation as a Latin American country .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Well , my sense is that we ’re moving closer and closer to forms of economic integration with the United States and Canada and conceivably Central America and Caribbean could become part of that in the coming years , ” he said .
“ I do n’t see Mexico as a Latin American country .
Too much of trade , investment , tourism , immigration , remittances , absolutely everything is concentrated exclusively with the United States .
So , Mexico has to be part of a North American community , a North American union , which at some point probably should include some type of monetary union along European lines with a free flow of labor , with energy being on the table , etc . ”
Often demonized as some type of “ conspiracy theory ” in mainstream American press , the so - called North American Union proposals have actually existed for some time .
In May of 2005 , the Council on Foreign Relations released a document entitled “ Building a North American Community ” in which it calls for an EU - like integration of Canada , the United States and Mexico .
While the document does not specifically call for the ceding of sovereignty between the three nations — as some vocal opponents of the idea have suggested — it does recommend the formation of a North American Advisory Council and a multinational inter-parliamentary group to facilitate mutual cooperation .
Though the group originally set out to achieve this goal by 2010 , few in mainstream America are even aware of it today .
The CFR ’s full proposal is available online .
[ PDF link ]
“ Economic and social citizenship in North America implies the ability of citizens to exert pressure for the implementation of an inclusive economic policy at home and to be engaged in the international economy , ” wrote CFR member Carlos Heredia .
“ To the extent that citizens of the three partner countries see that North American integration brings concrete benefits , a new constituency will be galvanized to support these efforts in the years to come . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ How far away are we from that ? ” Castañeda asked , rhetorically .
“ Quite far , but so did it seem back in Europe in the 1950 ’s and very little time later they came around and understood that that was their future lay .
My sense is that the Mexican society is voting with its feet .
We have a higher share of Mexicans living in the United States than we have ever had in our history .
One out of every nine Mexicans , Mexican citizens , people born in Mexico , live in the United States today . ”
In recent weeks , Castañeda also appeared on CNN ’s Amanpour for a debate about the drug war .
He explained that in his view , marijuana should be legalized in order to take away the drug cartels ’ primary revenue source .
However , “ we ca n’t do it in Mexico if the U.S. does n’t do it at the same time , ” he said .
Speaking to BigThink , he carried a similar message .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Having recklessly plunged the country into [ the drug war ] now , I think what Calderón and the United States should do is to sort of sit back for a second , think this through , see what they really want to achieve , what is achievable and what should be done that ’s new , ” he said .
“ For example , there are more and more states in the US that are moving towards decriminalization at least of marijuana .
Mexico is still a very important producer of marijuana .
Some people say that up to 60 percent of the profits of Mexico ’s cartels come from marijuana .
Well , if the United States or California ’s de facto legalizing it through medical marijuana , what sense does it make for Mexicans to die to stop marijuana from entering the US when once it enters it can be sold legally at over 1,000 dispensaries in Los Angeles , more than the number of public schools there are in Los Angeles .
That ’s certainly one thing that we can do . ”
This interview was published to the Web by BigThink.com on Feb. 16 , 2010 .
The complete interview is available here .
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
Numerous undeveloped Star Trek episodes were written for various Star Trek series that were submitted or developed for production , but for various reasons never aired , as was the case with several other undeveloped Star Trek projects .
Star Trek is ... , the very first series outline , listed a number of short ideas for episodes , some of which were later worked out .
David Gerrold presents his case of failed story , outline or script submittals during his early attempts to write for Star Trek : The Original Series .
These outlines were later presented in his book The Trouble with Tribbles .
James Van
Hise further explored in his 1992 book , Trek : The Unauthorized Behind - The - Scenes Story of The Next Generation , several other unfilmed or unproduced episodes written for Star Trek : The Next Generation , most notably the controversial episode , written by Gerrold , entitled " Blood and Fire " .
In his introduction to the 1994 book Lost Voyages of Trek and The Next Generation ( p. 3 ) , Edward Gross commented , " Perhaps most surprising in the Star Trek mythos is the sheer quantity – and in many cases quality – of unfilmed adventures that have spanned from the original through various aborted attempts at revival throughout the 1970s and right in to The Next Generation .
In many cases , these scripts and treatments were left unfilmed due to political reasons , studio indecisiveness or ego .
In others , they just were n't up to snuff and probably would n't have made a decent episode of Lost in Space .
Movieline via TMZ reports Conan O’Brien has a scheduled stage show set for Friday , April 30 at the Dodge Theatre in … Phoenix , Arizona .
TMZ earlier reported Ticketmaster had confirmed the live event with a page set up .
Ticketmaster then removed the page , but TMZ updated saying a box office rep for the Dodge Theatre has confirmed it ’s all happening .
Tickets are scheduled to go on sale at 10 am Arizona - time on March 8 with prices listed at $ 36.50 to $ 76.50 .
Check back this weekend at Ticketmaster for a reappearance of the event listing .
Bottom line ?
Phoenix , Arizona sounds like a prelude to a possible tour that was rumored to be in the works by The New York Times .
A stage tour is the loophole in Conan ’s exit agreement with NBC that bars him from appearing on television ; he was not barred from taking his act on the road .
Starting off in Phoenix sounds like a test - subject town to gauge interest levels outside of the major cities like New York , Los Angeles , and Chicago , where Coco would surely find a warm , loyal , and paying audience .
The question is whether Real America will help him put his children through college now that he ’s a part of the unemployment rate .
Let 's head for our snack :
The squirrels who love to get stuck into coconuts
As a snack , coconuts were certainly head and shoulders above anything else on offer in the garden .
So this pair of comical squirrels immersed themselves in their task , nibbling every last morsel from the shells , which had been hollowed out for them by householder Jane Roberts .
They are regular visitors to Ms Roberts ' garden in Fareham , Hampshire and often used to steal the food put out for the birds , but now they are just nuts about coconuts .
Nuts about coconuts :
This pair of squirrels nibble every last morsel from the shells suspended on string from a washing line
Jane , 46 , puts out two nuts a week and she suspends them on pieces of string from the washing line .
She said : ' I make a large hole in the coconut so that they can get into the flesh .
' The first time I saw them feeding , I nearly died laughing , ' she said .
How cheap imitation Ugg boots are ' crippling ' a generation of fashion victim women
Disastrous : Cheap
Ugg replicas are causing significant foot problems in the young women who wear them
Squeezing into killer heels , many women are happy to endure a little pain in the name of fashion .
But medical experts have warned that the trend for cheap Ugg boots is a price too high to pay .
They have said that knock - off versions of the designer boots are crippling a generation of young women , ' literally breaking ' their feet .
With just six months of wear women could saddle themselves with a lifetime of foot deformities , backache and pain in their feet .
And a phrase has even been coined for the gait of devoted wearers - the Ugg ' shuffle ' - which describes the lopsided , pigeon - toed way in which cheap versions of the boots force women to walk .
Top brand Ugg Australia boots , which cost from £ 150 , are worn by celebrities including Kate Moss and Cameron Diaz , sparking a craze for the flat , furry generic boots .
But low - cost imitations often provide inadequate foot support .
With each step the wearer 's feet slide around .
This can cause the feet to splay which flattens the foot arch and leads to wear and tear on the joints in the feet , knees , hips and back .
As a result leading podiatrist and chiropodists have seen a stark rise in the number of women suffering toe deformities , backache and pain in their feet .
They have expressed their concern and warned against children wearing the unsupported boots as their feet are still forming , increasing the risk of long - term damage .
Dr Ian Drysdale , head of the British College of Osteopathic Medicine , said : ' Because these boots are warm and soft , young girls think they are giving their feet a break .
In fact , they are literally breaking their feet .
' Their feet are slipping around inside .
With each step , the force falls towards the inside of the foot and the feet splay .
This flattens the arch and makes it drop .
' The result can be significant problems with the foot , the ankle , and ultimately , the hip . '
Ugg -ly truth : Celebrities including Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Moss wear the £ 150 boots , sparking the manufacture of replica
Uggs for fans keen to imitate the look
Putting the boot in : Sienna Miller and Lily Allen are both fans of Ugg Australia
Consultant podiatric surgeon Mike O'Neill called the cheap Uggs ' disastrous ' .
' As the foot slides around , you get wear and tear on the joints on the inside of the foot .
The ankle is in the wrong position , the thigh bone also changes position and you get an abnormal movement in the pelvis , which leads to back problems . '
However he agreed that cheap
Uggs are fine to wear at home , but not for walking long distances .
While there is often little to visibly distinguish a well - made pair of boots from a badly made pair , even brand leader Ugg Australia admits its boots are ' comfort ' not ' performance footwear ' and that buyers should be aware of ' knock - offs ' which lack reinforced heels or insoles of their boots . '
Nigeria is close to breaking up and its leadership has descended into a " theatre of the absurd " , according to the Nobel prize - winning playwright Wole Soyinka , who has been leading protests against the nation 's political crisis .
The veteran writer and civil rights activist told The Independent that his home country was now a " failed state " where ordinary people 's " anger has peaked " , with potentially lethal consequences .
" Nigeria is looking at its last chance in the next year , " he said .
Africa 's most populous country and leading oil producer is beset by multiple crises , from attacks by armed militants in the Niger Delta to sectarian massacres in its central region and a protracted struggle for the presidency in the capital , Abuja .
Mr Soyinka 's warning came yesterday as the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( Mend ) – the leading militant group in the delta region – set off two car bombs .
" If nothing changes , I cannot guarantee what recourse the people will take , " the writer said .
" The level of anger has peaked .
I do n't rule out Nigeria breaking up .
That 's what can happen to a failed state . "
Mr Soyinka , the first African to win the Nobel prize for literature , has been at the forefront of Nigeria 's democracy movement since the country gained independence from Britain in 1960 .
Now 76 , he is the figurehead of the Save Nigeria Group , which has brought thousands of people on to the streets to demand the impeachment of the critically ill President , Umaru Yar 'Adua , who has not been seen in public for four months .
Mr Soyinka condemned what he called the " industry of lies " that had grown up around the President 's medical condition .
He said Nigeria 's first lady , Turai Yar 'Adua , who has denied access to her husband and kept his true condition a secret , should stand trial for her role in the power vacuum .
" This woman is there standing guard against the truth of his health , " Mr Soyinka said .
" When will the rest of the nation wake up ? "
Mr Yar 'Adua was taken to hospital in Saudi Arabia in November and only came back to Nigeria last month .
Since his return he has been kept in an ambulance ; he is treated only by Saudi doctors and no one outside his wife 's inner circle has seen him , including the acting president , Goodluck Jonathan .
" [ The President ] returns under the cover of darkness and they say he is up and drinking tea , with a straight face , " Mr Soyinka added .
" Everyone knows it is a lie – even those who say it – and it insults people 's intelligence .
His mother was told to go away and could not see her son .
It is spousal abuse . "
He accused Mrs Yar 'Adua of using her husband 's " phantom existence " for her own interests , along with a corrupt cabal of unelected leaders that he called a " bunch of absolute brigands " .
" It has gone beyond theatre of the absurd into something ghoulish going on macabre , " the writer said .
Mr Soyinka said Nigeria had a failing " neocolonial constitution " , a wave of " political assassinations " and was a place where power failures were " the norm " and its leaders were " robber barons " looting the country .
" There is this myth of Nigerian resilience , that we will always pull back from the brink , but there is a critical mass at which some things implode , " he said .
He defended the " real militants " in the Niger Delta , whom he said had a right to take on the government over decades of neglect , rights abuses , environmental crimes and theft of resources .
He called Mend " a small , well - organised and resourceful militant group " that could choke the government 's lifeline of oil .
Yesterday , Mend launched its biggest attack since last year .
Mr Soyinka has been jailed twice under Nigeria 's dictators : firstly in 1965 for taking over a radio station to denounce a rigged election , and again in 1967 after trying to mediate in the dispute that led to a civil war .
The author compared the task of reforming Nigeria to that of Sisyphus , saying : " You roll that damn rock up the hill , you do n't get anywhere and the rock rolls back down . "
From the Plum Line , this heads up about another Republican scare campaign .
My , they sure do like to use fear , do n't they ?
My fear is that I 'll never be able to afford health care if someone does n't stop these insurance companies -- and their Congressional enablers :
National Republicans are planning to unleash a huge wave of robocalls tomorrow [ Editor 's note : That 's today ] targeting dozens of House Dems and warning their constituents that Obama and Nancy Pelosi are plotting to “ ram ” their “ dangerous ” health reform plans through Congress .
The robocalls — the first paid media by the NRCC ’s new “ code red ” program , which targets Dems on health care — comes after Obama told Congress to pass reform via reconciliation .
The calls are meant to spook House Dems right at the moment when the White House and Dem leaders are about to undertake a grueling effort to round up support for what ’s expected to be a hair - raisingly close vote .
It warns constituents that the targeted House Dem risks supporting this “ dangerous ” move .
“ Even though a majority of the country wants them to scrap it , Speaker Nancy Pelosi and President Obama are planning to ram their dangerous , out - of - control health care spending bill through Congress anyway , ” the call says , according to a script provided by a GOP official .
The version targeting Dem Rep Frank Kratovil of Maryland continues :
What ’s worse , Congressman Frank Kratovil might vote for it .
Frank Kratovil votes with Nancy Pelosi 84 % of the time and may follow her orders on this bill too .
Frank Kratovil might vote for a bill that will kill jobs , raise the costs of health care , and increase taxes .
Frank Kratovil should be focusing on creating jobs , yet he might be the deciding vote that causes this massive new spending bill to pass .
The call concludes by calling the reform proposals “ dangerous ” a second time and admonishing voters to call their Representative and urge a No vote “ before it is too late . ”
Rolet adalah sebuah permainan yang memakai roda pemutar yang terdiri dari 36 angka di dalamnya dan sebuah bola di gelindingkan ke dalamnya untuk melihat ke angka berapa bola tersebut jatuh .
Pemain yang memasang taruhan tepat dengan angka yang di jatuhi bola rolet akan memenangkan taruhan .
Simpe bukan cara main judi rolet .
Anda bahkan bisa mempelajari judi ini dengan melihat satu atau dua putaran judi ini di mainkan .
Rolet sendiri adalah permainan dari eropa tepatnya di prancis dan pertama kali di perkenalkan di abad ke 18 dan sejak saat itu menjadi salah permainan casino tertua dan terus bertahan sampai sekarang dan menjadi salah satu game judi favorit casino .
Rolet Eropa Dan Rolet Amerika
Dalam judi rolet ada dua jenis rolet yang bisa di mainkan yaitu rolet bergaya eropa dan amerika .
Kedua jenis rolet ini memiliki aturan main yang sama dan konsep bermain yang sama juga .
Yang membedakan adalah konsep roda pemutarnya saja .
Di rolet eropa terdapat satu angka nol di antara 36 angka yang ada sedangkan pada rolet amerika terdapat dua angka nol di antara 36 angka ini .
Kami akan menjelaskan fungsi angka nol ini lebih jauh di bagian tips berjudi rolet setelah ini .
Jenis Jenis Taruhan Dalam Judi Rolet
Baik judi rolet eropa dan amerika keduanya ini memiliki dua bagian taruhan untuk di mainkan dimana masing masing bagian ini terdiri dari 5 jenis taruhan di dalamnya .
Dan berikut ini adalah 5 jenis taruhan inside atau taruhan dalam
Single : Taruhan untuk memasang 1 angka pilihan anda dari semua angka yang ada di dalamnya .
Rasio bayaran untuk bet ini adalah 35 banding 1 Split : Taruhan untuk memasang 2 angka yang berdempetan di meja taruhan dengan bayaran 17 : 1 Street : Taruhan untuk mengambil 3 angka yang berdempetan secara horizontal dengan bayaran 11 : 1 Square / Corner : Taruhan untuk memilih 4 angka dengan bayaran 8 : 1 Six Line / Double Street :
Bet untuk memasang 6 angka dengan bayaran 5 : 1
Kelima jenis taruhan di atas di sebut juga dengan inside bet yaitu taruhan dengan ciri ciri peluang menangnya kecil tapi di berikan bayaran yang cukup besar .
Sedangkan 5 jenis taruhan selanjutnya di sebut dengan outside bet atau taruhan luar dimana ciri ciri taruhannya adalah memberikan bayaran yang lebih kecil dari inside bet tapi memberikan peluang menang yang lebih besar
Dozen : Taruhan untuk memilih 12 angka dari 36 angka rolet . .
Terdapat 3 set dozen yang bisa di piliha yaitu 1 - 12 , 13 - 24 , 25-36 .
Bayaran untuk bet ini adalah 2 : 1 Column : Taruhan untuk memilih 12 angka dengan cara yang lain yaitu memilih salah satu dari 3 kolom yang berisikan 12 angka di dalamnya .
Rasio bayaran juga 2 : 1 Red or Black : Taruhan untuk memilih angka red atau black dimana terdapat 18 angka yang berawarna merah dan 18 angka berwarna hitam .
Rasio bayaran untuk pasangan ini adalah 1 banding 1 High or Low : Taruhan untuk mengambil angka besar atau kecil .
1 -18 adalah angka low , 19 - 36 adalah angka high .
Rasio bayaran 1 : 1 Odd or Even : Taruhan genap ganjil dengan bayaran 1 banding 1 juga .
Tips & Trik Berjudi Rolet
Bermain judi rolet pada dasarnya adalah game peluang dimana pasangan taruhan apapun yang anda mainkan sah sah saja dan memiliki peluang yang baik untuk menang .
Namun anda perlu jeli dalam memainkannya . ,
Tips pertama yang perlu anda perhatikan adalah lebih baik memainkan rolet eropa di bandingkan rolet jenis amerika .
Hal ini di karenakan angka nol di dalam judi rolet adalah angka bandar dan semua taruhan outside bet akan kalah bila bola berhenti di angka nol .
Sekalipun untuk taruhan odd or even atau genap ganjil juga tidak mengkover angka nol ini karena tidak di golongkan sebagai angka genap .
Dan bet lain red or black juga tidak memasukkan angka nol ini kedalam angka merah atau hitam melainkan angka nol ini berwarna hijau
Oleh karena itu dengan bermain rolet amerika peluang bola untuk jatuh ke angka nol ini lebih besar di bandingkan bermain rolet eropa .
Selisih peluang 2 persen ini memang tidak seberapa jika anda hanya memainkan judi rolet sesekali .
Tapi jika anda adalah langganan penjudi rolet maka hindari rolet amerika dan bermain rolet eropa akan memberikan hasil yang lebih maksimal .
Di kesempatan lain anda perlu memperhatikan bahwa taruhan outside bet lebih baik di mainkan ketimbang inside bet .
Karena percuama saja anda di bayar besar jika peluang menang anda kecil .
Dan yang tidak kalah penting dengan bermain inside bet anda akan membutuhkan ronde permainan yang banyak untuk meraih kememangan yang di inginkan ketimbang outside bet .
Faktor lain yang tidak kalah penting adalah memperhatikan keberuntungan anda sendiri .
Jika anda memang sedang cukup beruntung maka apapun pasangan yang anda lakukan biasanya cukup mudah menang .
Namun jika memang sedang kurang beruntung ada baiknya anda mundur dulu dan bermain di kemudian waktu .
DHS Wo n't Tell Legislator Where They Got Funding
Stay Engaged
Get insightful commentary and the most reliable research on Michigan issues sent straight to your inbox .
Sign up
There 's a badass scene in the Clone Wars cartoon where General Grievous cuts down six Jedi , by himself , using some insane spinning saber techniques .
This twirling dual - bladed Grievous lightsaber will let you do that to your friends .
In other toy lightsaber news , with the next releases , the blades will actually screw off , meaning when you 're not deflecting Nerf darts , you can hang the lightsaber on your belt .
Screwing the blade on does kind of kill the magic though — at least Luke coulda used the Force to do it .
STAR WARS GENERAL GRIEVOUS LIGHTSABER
( Approximate Retail Price : $ 34.99 ; Ages : 6 & up ; Available : August 1 , 2010 )
JEDI warriors have long recognized the prowess of GENERAL GRIEVOUS as a highly skilled , elusive and often multiple - LIGHTSABER - wielding adversary .
Now , kids can engage in LIGHTSABER battles just like this powerful cyborg with the new STAR WARS : THE CLONE WARS GENERAL GRIEVOUS LIGHTSABER .
Battle with the power of GENERAL GRIEVOUS by spinning the two LIGHTSABERS simultaneously in one hand , take out the spinner and connect the two LIGHTSABERS for double - bladed LIGHTSABER action , or use the two separately to ward off an opponent .
Both LIGHTSABERS include electronic lights and battle sounds !
STAR WARS LIGHTSABERS ( Approximate Retail Price : $ 9.99 to $ 19.99 to $ 34.00 up to $ 119.99 ; Available : August 1 , 2010 )
2010 is the year of the LIGHTSABER !
Hasbro is offering its widest range ever of
STAR WARS LIGHTSABERS – the quintessential battle weapon for JEDI and SITH across the galaxy .
From the BASIC and ELECTRONIC LIGHTSABERS , to the all - new spinning GENERAL GRIEVOUS LIGHTSABER , to the line of authentic high - end replica FORCE FX LIGHTSABERS , Hasbro offers STAR WARS fans of all ages a variety of ways to engage with the noble weapon of the JEDI .
The new ELECTRONIC LIGHTSABERS even offer a DVD featuring the greatest lightsaber battles ever , including epic duels from the animated television series and the live action battles between the most famous JEDI and SITH .
( Each sold separately . )
Advertisement
Toy Fair is the annual event where we get to completely regress back to childhood and check out all of the awesome toys coming out for the rest of the year .
And well , we love toys .
Young scientists at a Chinese genomics institute are foregoing conventional postgraduate training for the chance to be part of major scientific initiatives .
Is this the way of the future ?
The approach to extended postgraduate training varies from country to country .
The United States and Europe , for example , have long believed that students need to finish a multiyear programme of postgraduate work before they can fully participate in the front rank of research , whether in industry or academia .
In Asia , scientific communities instead tend to value directed , practical research .
In Japan , for example , industry accounts for a much higher proportion of the scientific budget than in the West , and managers there often say that they prefer university graduates who they can train in - house .
As a result , relatively little emphasis is given to academic postgraduate training .
Perhaps the most extreme example of this approach is at the BGI in Shenzen , China — the genomic - sequencing juggernaut formerly known as the Beijing Genomics Institute ( see page 22 ) .
Some 500 Chinese university students have already signed up to join the BGI after they graduate this summer .
There they will help to piece together DNA data from an expanding set of sequences for microbes , plants and animals .
The students will join a cohort of young bioinformaticians who get their data from the most advanced sequencing equipment , process them on what will soon be one of the world 's fastest computers , collaborate with international leaders of their respective fields , publish — as first authors — in premier international journals , attend conferences and accept interviews .
“ By focusing on one category of technical expertise are the BGI 's budding scientists short - changing themselves ? ”
If Nature 's interviews are anything to go by , these BGI researchers are smart , confident and , for their age , tremendously experienced .
Yet few of them seem to have any plans to pursue postgraduate education .
Are these budding scientists short - changing themselves by focusing so single - mindedly on one category of technical expertise in the shape of high - throughput genomic sequencing ?
Would the slower , less tightly focused training provided by Western - style postgraduate study ultimately allow them to become more imaginative and creative in their research ?
The answer is not clear - cut .
Although external collaborators provide the scientific agenda for most BGI projects , the institute 's youngsters work closely with them on the design of the projects , giving scientific input and integrating the scientific needs of their collaborators into the data analysis .
China 's staid hierarchy and the reliance of its education system on learning by rote are often blamed for destroying creativity , so this chance for self - direction and the assumption of responsibility for a project may well help to produce the dynamic leaders of the future .
Nonetheless , the burden of proof for this experiment is on the BGI .
Can the organization prepare its student - workers to meet the wide range of skills needed by industry and academia ?
Will they understand not just the science and technology of their research , but also ethical aspects such as the need for data integrity , the maintenance of standards and the protection of confidential human - subject information ?
Will this group be able to train the next generation , given that both the biology and the technology are likely to keep changing dramatically ?
The BGI has yet to show how successfully it can answer such questions .
It is , however , already bringing university professors in from a nearby university to lecture its students .
And it is enhancing its in - house expertise by hiring academically trained biologists who can help to design biologically , medically or agriculturally relevant projects .
Given the increasing rigidity and length of the Western academic pipeline — which now extends so far beyond the PhD that the average age for first - time principal investigators on grants from the US National Institutes of Health is 42 — the BGI model may be worth serious consideration .
From one perspective , it is just a logical , albeit radical , extension of programmes such as the US National Science Foundation 's Research Experience for Undergraduates , which have demonstrated that younger students can usefully participate in and contribute to hands - on research .
If the BGI can pull it off , it might find itself a model not only for creative approaches to genomics but also for education and training .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
If you are going through the difficult process of divorce , a child custody issue or another challenging family law matter , you need an attorney with the experience to vigorously protect your rights and the dedication to give your legal matter the time and attention it requires .
You need a compassionate advocate who will work closely with you to explain your rights , help you explore your options and provide the personalized and responsive support you need .
User Post
5:21 am
March 5 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts
1208 1 0 Post edited 6:28 am – March 5 , 2010 by Luke Maurits
Yes , really !
I 'm not trying to be a pain , but I have been thinking about alternative approaches to CLLARE overall later , and especially trying to be as ruthlessly simple and minimalist as we initially intended to be .
I offer the plan below not just to be judged on its own merits , but also to highlight rather a larger problem .
All of the fantastic work we have done so far on the Engineering Process etc. has been focused on fleshing out / refining the current overall plan , but that plan has not exactly been chosen via a rigorous , documented process , it 's basically the best thing we have come up with so far .
I am not sure what we want to do for CLLARE right now , but looking forward to new projects , we will need to come up with a procedure for choosing the best possible overall structure before we use the Design Tasks
Tree to flesh out details .
Anyway , onto the plan .
The first big change in this plan is that the CM is spherical , ala Vostok / Voskhod .
There are a number of reasons to prefer this :
It offers the most internal volume ( " living space " ) for any given CM surface area ( hence mass ) , which will probably allow a lighter capsule compared to a cone .
A sphere is also the optimal shape for a pressure vessel , which means the walls do not need to be quite as strong .
The aerodynamics of a sphere are trivial : the cross-sectional surface area and drag coefficient are the same regardless of orientation , and no lift is generated .
I would have no idea where to start simulating the atmospheric reentry of an Apollo - shaped capsule , but I am confident I could do a sphere , no problems !
I am willing to bet a lot of other analyses ( to do with stress forces , heat distribution , etc. ) are a lot easier for spheres as well .
This is more significant than it sounds : it might be the difference between an analysis requiring the use of multi-hundred ( or thousand ! ) dollar proprietary software using all sorts of fancy finite element algorithms , etc. and being able to literally do the analysis on paper ( or if not on paper using much simpler numerical methods we can comfortably code ourselves for free ) .
RCS is simpler with a symmetric shape .
In the current conical CLLARE CM design , the RCS thrusters in the nose are a little inconvenient in that it is impossible to translate the CM through space without also inducing rotation .
This was the motivation for adding RCS thrusters on the OSM – with this arrangement , the front and rear thrusters can both fire , eliminating any torque but still providing force .
With a sphere , an arrangement of 4 equally spaced thrusters around a " great circle " on the CM allows rotation - free translation without any additional thrusters on , e.g. , an OSM .
About the only downside to a spherical capsule there is is that , due to the lack of lift , the g - forces experienced during reentry are quite high ( around 9g ) .
On this front , I have two thoughts : first of all , 9 g is uncomfortable , but survivable : the Soviets did it with Vostok and Voshkod quite a few times .
This mission is not exactly going to be a picnic as it is , maybe we should be hard asses about it and tell the astronaut to deal with a short exposure to high gs as part of the deal : simplicity over comfort .
Secondly , if we decide we do n't like this , then one alternative is a great big ballute .
Check out the " attached ballute " on page 2 of this presentation .
With one of these attached to our spherical CM , during reentry the spacecraft basically becomes a huge shuttlecock , like in badminton .
This is a very high drag shape ( so lower gs , lower thermal stress , etc. ) and is also incredibly aerodynamically stable – it's certainly not going to flip over during reentry !
This point could save on the use of RCS during reentry .
The second big difference is that this plan largely does away with the separate lander !
Instead , the spherical CM is used for the trip down to the moon , by attaching a set of legs and an engine to it ( this entire attachment is separate so that for non-landing missions it can be removed ) .
Now , this may seem a little crazy in that it involves carrying significantly more weight down to the surface and back up than our bare - bones open cab lander , but I am starting to think ( admittedly I should crunch some numbers to back this up ) that this is actually worth it , because this approach buys us so very much in terms of simplicity :
It drastically reduces hardware duplication .
With a separate CM and LL like we have now , the LL needs to have its own computers , communications hardware , inertial navigation hardware , RCS system , batteries , etc. , etc .
Huge chunks of functionality are duplicated , whereas in this new approach there is only one of all these things .
This is much simpler and more reliable overall .
It also will reduce overall stack mass a little ( probably not enough to make up for the extra mass of the spherical CM over an open lander , though ) .
Also worth noting : we are not just saving needing to have a second computer , comms system , etc. , but a second vacuum proof set of those things for the lander ( either that or adding a pressure vessel on the lander , and a system to heat it , etc , etc ) .
These really are drastic increases in simplicity .
Comms with Earth will be direct from the surface of the moon to Earth , rather than being relayed through an orbiting CM .
This means no radio blackouts during lunar EVA .
It might also mean the ability to send more data back rather than recording it , since our LL would probably have quite low - bandwidth comms gear .
It removes the need for EVA transfer from one vehicle to another while in orbit .
While this is possible ( e.g. it was part of the Soviet lunar landing plan ) , it 's always seemed like one of the riskiest parts of the existing mission plan in my mind , and I 'm not sad to see it go .
It means the astronaut only has to rely on their suit for life support during lunar EVA , not during ascent and descent , which means we can make our lunar EVA a little longer .
Perhaps the one drawback to this approach ( aside from the increased mass of stuff we have to lower into and lift out of the moon 's gravity ) is that it requires a genuine , full - blown redocking of the spherical CM with the orbiting PM , whereas the old plan required the LL simply to get close enough to the orbiting CM for an EVA jump across to be feasible .
Note , however , that docking a sphere to a cylinder is a lot easier than docking an open cab lander to a cone .
I think this could be relatively straightforward , and would be a good capacity for the CM to have from the point of view of it not being quite so single - purpose .
These two changes represent the core of my new plan , but another thought I have which we might also want to consider if we do opt to go with this approach is using an inflatable airlock , like the Volga airlock which was used on Voskhod 2 , for transfering from the CM to the lunar surface after landing .
This has two main advantages : one , our avionics do not need to be able to survive cabin depressurisation like in the current plan , which means they do not need to be in a separate pressure vessel , saving on mass ( this was the Soviets ' motivation .
From the Wikipedia page above : " The airlock was necessary because Vostok and Voskhod avionics were cooled with cabin air and would overheat if the capsule was depressurized for the EVA " ) .
Secondly , it means if something goes wrong with the suit life support on the lunar surface , there 's a pressurised capsule on the surface the astronaut can run back to .
The biggest challenge here would be integrating the inflatable airlock with some sort of ladder .
I know these are very drastic changes which are coming kind of late : if we switched to this approach a lot of the work we have done so far ( although by no means all of it , possibly not even most of it ) would become irrelevant .
It 's not a decision to be taken likely , but I think it is worth considering because all of the benefits listed above are not insignificant .
I feel like this approach genuinely is a lot simpler .
Ultimately it will depend on how light we can get our spherical CM and whether or not we can keep the total mass under the Falcon 9's limit .
Before I actually do the work involved in figuring that out , though , I very much welcome feedback on the overall approach .
Can anybody see any shortcomings with this approach , potential problems I 've overlooked , etc ?
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
5:46 am
March 5 , 2010
DenisG Saarbrücken , Germany ( GMT+1 ) Member posts
69 2 0 I think it makes much sense to have many different concepts ( and sub - concepts ) beforehand ; they should all be evaluated and then the most promising one should be chosen .
Starting work on the first thing that comes to mind is a bad idea .
From that POV I very much welcome your new concept .
The work on the current concept is not useless though .
Every concept must be researched to have a base on which to evaluate .
Also , I think the round lander concept sounds good .
I propose preparing a document with all of the info you find on round lander concepts that you have .
Same thing for the current concept .
That will allow everyone to understand the differences and pros/cons quickly for judgement .
8:00 am
March 5 , 2010
Rocket - To- The - Moon Grand Forks , North Dakota , USA Member posts
641 3 0 This is definitely a major deviation from our current plans and we will need to have an in depth discussion of the merits of it before we commit to changing everything .
Here are a couple of brief observations .
The lander will be much more massive with means that its fuel requirement will be higher
The PM's fuel requirements may be reduced if the new lander 's mass is less than the mass of the old CM and lander
Such designs have been abandoned in the past because they are fuel inefficient
We will need a way to not only physically redock the CM to the PM , but also a way to disconnect / reconnect the life support supplies ( difficult ) .
I think that the spherical CM is a likely candidate , but the one piece lander will require a lot of analysis .
Main Workgroups : Propulsion & Spacecraft Engineering
8:05 am
March 5 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 4 0 Rocket - To - The - Moon said : Such designs have been abandoned in the past because they are fuel inefficient Sorry , could you point out exactly what you were referencing in that article ?
I gave that section a quick skim and did n't see anything that immediately jumped out at me as being similar to my design .
Are you thinking of the direct ascent plans from very early in Apollo , or did I miss something ?
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
8:36 am
March 5 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 5 0 Rocket - To - The - Moon said :
The lander will be much more massive with means that its fuel requirement will be higher
The PM's fuel requirements may be reduced if the new lander 's mass is less than the mass of the old CM and lander
Such designs have been abandoned in the past because they are fuel inefficient
We will need a way to not only physically redock the CM to the PM , but also a way to disconnect / reconnect the life support supplies ( difficult ) .
I agree with all of these points , by the way .
Additionally , the PM 's fuel requirements will also be reduced by the removal of the need for an RCS on the OSM .
There is definitely a lot of interplay between all these changes , with increasing and decreasing masses , and it will take a little bit of work to figure out if the overall mass can be kept the same or lowered .
I am pretty sure that the most important of these points will be the first one : the lander 's increased mass , and its fuel ramifications .
Given the considerable appeal of the change , we may want to direct a lot of effort into coming up with innovative / crazy modifications to the landing process to try to minimise the increased mass .
I wonder if reducing the lunar orbit 's altitude will help with this ?
Some sort of crazy balloon - cushioned landing with a higher vertical velocity than would be allowable for a legged lander ?
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
8:46 am
March 5 , 2010
Rocket - To- The - Moon Grand Forks , North Dakota , USA Member posts
641 6 0 Iwas referring to direct ascent being discarded in favor of LOR due to mass issues with a heavy lander .
I would have to research a little bit further , but I think that the original direct ascent mission profile had the entire lander fly back to Earth ( the lander provided the delta - v for TEI ) .
If this is the case , then us doing LOR with the lander and the PM might solve the mass issues that direct ascent had .
It would sort of be a hybrid between direct ascent and the final Apollo .
Once again , sorry for the lousy resource .
I was rushed to find something to support my point and came up short .
Main Workgroups : Propulsion & Spacecraft Engineering
10:07 am
March 5 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 7 0 Rocket - To - The - Moon said : I think that the original direct ascent mission profile had the entire lander fly back to Earth ( the lander provided the delta - v for TEI ) .
I believe this is correct .
In the direct ascent profile there was only one spacecraft involved at all .
Certainly part of the reason this was hugely fuel inefficient was having to carry a large and heavy spacecraft down to the surface and back again , but I think the larger part , or at least a very significant part , would have been having to carry the TLI fuel down then up again as well before using it , which the plan here does n't involve , so we might be able to get away with it .
I think the deciding factor will be how light we can get our spherical CM .
Lighter than a cone seems given , but I 'm not sure how much lighter .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
10:13 pm
March 5 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts
1208 8 1 Luke Maurits said : I think the deciding factor will be how light we can get our spherical CM .
Lighter than a cone seems given , but I 'm not sure how much lighter .
A most unusual source of data , however …
Free Spirit Spheres are large , 3.2 m diameter fibreglass spheres that people of a certain lifestyle choice like to hang from trees and live in .
Each to their own .
According to the site 's FAQ , the spheres have a mass of 500 kg .
Now , 3.2 m is way too large for our purposes .
I think at the absolute most we would use 2 m , and more probably something like 1.5 m , but let 's stick to 2 m for now .
A 3.2 m diameter ( 1.6 m radius ) sphere has a surface area of 32.17 m^2 , whereas a 2 m diameter ( 1 m radius ) sphere has a surface area of 12.57 m^2 , or about 39 % of the surface area .
39 % of 500 kg is just 195 kg , which is incredibly light .
Now , the Free Spirit Spheres are 3 mm thick , and we may want more than that , but we could also use lighter carbon fibre instead of fibre glass to counteract that .
Maybe around 200 - 250 kg for the structure ( i.e. not including heat shielding ) is reasonable ?
Compare this to 340 kg for Mercury and 638 kg for Gemini ( average 489 kg ) and we are looking pretty light ( admittedly a huge part of this is the use of composite material instead of metals , which we could have done with the conical CM as well – this just means that our current estimates for the conical CM are probably quite pessimistic ) .
Of course , if we go with a ballistic spherical reentry , the heat shielding will need to be quite heavy , compared to a lifting conical reentry .
This is another argument in favour of the ballute ( slightly eliminating the benefit of easy spherical aerodynamics ) .
Playing around with a roughly modified version of the CLLARE fuel analysis code , if we can get our unmanned spherical CM down to 500 kg , eliminate the OSM entirely ( by moving all life support supplies into the CM – I think this was how Vostok worked , and it apparently had an endurance of 10 days ! ) , and get the leg / engine / tank attachments onto the sphere down to 200 kg , then we can do this ( 10314 kg fully fuelled with 450 s Isp ) .
Those are quite bold figures , but perhaps not impossible .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
7:13 pm
March 6 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts
1208 9 1
An alternative idea on how to make this feasible :
The biggest problem there is in this new plan is carrying the mass of the spherical CM down to the surface .
We need as efficient a landing profile as possible .
While doing research on possible solutions to these , I discovered that the Soviet moon landing plan actually had quite a different landing profile to Apollo , even though the landers look superficially similar :
Basically , the lander is mated to a " Block D " rocket engine which serves to do most of the work to bring it and the lander out of the initial parking orbit , down to about 4 km above the lunar surface .
At this point the Block D burns out and is jetisonned , crashing into the moon some distance away .
The lander takes over with its own engines to do the last little bit of the landing , and to do ascent .
I suppose this is somewhat like having a separate ascent stage ( ala Apollo ) that you get rid of a little earlier .
Anyway , the Soviet lander using this approach had about 40 % the mass of the Apollo lunar lander .
This must have been due in part to it holding 1 cosmonaut instead of 2 astronauts , but I do n't think that alone can explain all of the reduction .
Perhaps we should investigate an approach like this for New CLLARE .
To assist with simplicity , since we will need our own " Block D " , perhaps the PM could be replaced by a chain of " Block D "s , each jetisonned after it was empty ?
This might help lower fuel costs overall , too , since we are not carrying as much dead weight in the form of empty tank ?
I will try to do the numbers on this approach soon .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
7:47 pm
March 6 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts
1208 10 1
By the way , in case it is n't clear , some of the ideas in this thread are not necessarily linked to the prospect of a whole new CLLARE approach , and could just as well be brought into the " old " CLLARE plan if we thought it better : things like replacing a conical CM with a sphere , using an inflatable airlock to prevent CM depressursation , and using a " Block D " to assist in lunar descent could all , with varying degrees of difficulty , be applied to the familiar plan .
We should expect and welcome cross-fertilisation of ideas between " competing " plans for CLLARE .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
5:43 am
March 7 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts
1208 11 0 I have done some extremely preliminary number crunching for this plan utilising the Soviet landing profile and the results are promising , although I 'm trying not to get too excited until I refine them somewhat .
At this stage I think the Falcon 9 will be able to support this proposal with an unmanned spherical CM mass of 800 kg , not 500 kg as quoted earlier , which is rather more realistic .
I also suspect that refinements of my calculations will lead to this figure increasing , rather than decreasing .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
7:15 am
March 7 , 2010
Rocket - To- The - Moon Grand Forks , North Dakota , USA Member posts
641 12 0 That sounds promising .
800 kg is just the CM portion right ?
Hopefully we can get it less than that , but it is good to hear that the Falcon 9 can support something that large .
Do you have any estimates on the lander 's fueled mass ?
I have to admit that this design is starting to grow on me from a simplicity standpoint .
Main Workgroups : Propulsion & Spacecraft Engineering
10:25 pm
March 7 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 13 0 Rocket - To - The - Moon said :
That sounds promising .
800 kg is just the CM portion right ?
Yep , just the spherical CM and it 's non-human contents .
No legs , no landing engine , or anything else .
I have now done some much more refined work and offer the following arrangement , with a total launch mass of 10448 kg , which can just squeeze onto a Falcon 9 .
As it turned out , the refinements ended up making no difference to the CM mass .
CM / lander arrangements : CM mass : 800 kg
Landing leg attachment for CM : 100 kg
Landing engine attachment for CM : 150 kg
Landing engine propellant tanks : 40 g per 1 kg of propellant ( taken from Space Shuttle external tanks )
Total lander propellant supply : 970 kg
Mass of fully fuelled lander : 2237.15 kg PM arrangements ( this is not the old PM , this is a new " Block D " PM ) : PM engine and structure : 150 kg
PM propellant tanks : 40 g per 1 kg of propellant ( as above )
Total PM propellant supply : 1430 kg
Mass of fully fuelled PM : 1642.14 kg
With these figures , one fully fuelled PM is able to impart a 2200 m/s delta-v to the lander configuration ( CM , lander , lander engine , fuel tanks and fuel ) , as per the Soviet landing profile .
The LL fuel is able to impart a 300 m/s delta-v to the lander config for descent ( again as per Soviet profile ) and 2220 m/s delta-v for ascent ( as per Apollo ) if legs are jetisonned after take off .
A single fully fuelled PM is also able to apply the LOI delta-v of 1000 m/s to the lander configuration and the PM it uses to descend , with fuel to spare , and then if the lander redocks with that half - full PM after ascent the remaining fuel is sufficient to apply the 700 m/s TEI delta-v to the CM ( if lander engine and tanks are jetisonned ) .
A stack of 3 fully fuelled PMs , each jetisonned after burn out , is enough to do the 3200 m/s TLI delta-v on the lander configuration plus the two PMs needed for LOI , descent and TEI .
So our total stack is 5 PMs , the CM and the various landing attachments to the CM .
All of the above is based on a 75 kg astronaut and a 100 kg EVA suit ( noteworthy is that if we use a mechanical counterpressure suit like that Webb / OLF are working on , that EVA suit mass should drop considerably , increasing allowable CM size ) , and allowing an additional 10 % extra delta-v on all maneuvers other than TLI ( if we dropped our delta - v safety margins somewhat , allowable CM size would again increase ) .
I have tried to overestimate rather than underestimate some things – e.g. 100 kg for the landing legs is probably a little much , perhaps also 150 kg from engines and structures .
If we drop these figures to 50 kg for legs and 100 kg for engines / structures we can get our CM up to 875 kg .
I do feel like the tank masses are absurdly small , even though they are derived from shuttle tanks .
Perhaps this is because the shuttle tanks are so damn huge that they get really good volume - mass efficiency .
Ours will probably be considerably heavier .
As a consequence of these super light tanks , the stacking of 5 PMs to handle propulsion is probably actually a bad thing : the mass saved by jetisonning empty super light tanks is more than countered by the extra 150 kg per PM of engine and structure .
It might be the case that with more realistic masses for these things the PM stack approach is best , but it would also be worth while considering a single large PM , as per the current CLLARE plan .
Anyway , I am starting to feel fairly sure that we can get this plan to work from a mass standpoint .
From a simplicity standpoint , I think there is not even room for argument , this plan is simpler than the other plan , in many , many ways .
The one other thing I want to convince myself of before I start really arguing with conviction that this plan is superior , is that we can design the spherical CM to endure both the deep space environment and the lunar surface environment , which are somewhat different , mainly from a thermodynamic point of view .
Another thing that needs some consideration is how all of this hardware sticks together .
The spherical CM is quite flexible in that you can mount things to it at just about any position at just about any angle , but finding a way to stick everything together so that the pilot is seated in an appropriate orientation to both the landing legs and the liftoff thrust , and so that the lunar descent PM is angled through the detached lander 's centre of mass , and so that the TLI / LOI / TEI PMs are angled through the whole stack 's centre of mass , is not necessarily trivial .
I do n't think we can meet all of these criteria at once so it will be a matter of choosing a trade off .
Anyway , more on this later .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
7:10 am
March 8 , 2010
Rocket - To- The - Moon Grand Forks , North Dakota , USA Member posts
641 14 0
So with this plan we have a total of 5 PMs and each PM has its own engine and fuel supply .
I can see that this is definitely a good way to make it modular .
For unmanned non-return missions the number of PMs could be drastically reduced .
As the PMs are jettisoned it is going change the center of mass quite significantly which will make the RCS a little bit more difficult to control .
Since we are using a heavier lander will we still be able to use the single design engine that the PM uses ?
Main Workgroups : Propulsion & Spacecraft Engineering
7:23 am
March 8 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 15 0
Some more sources for spherical capsule mass estimates :
In the 1950s , before NASA was created and so before project Mercury , there was a USAF project called " Man In Space Soonest " ( MISS ) with the goal of putting a man in space before the Soviets .
The USAF contracted a number of civillian companies to produce proposals for spacecraft to do this .
You can read about all of them here , but three of them are of particular interest :
A proposal by AVCO for a 2.1 m diameter spherical capsule with a mass of 690 kg , which would support a crew of one in orbit for 7 days .
Interestingly this plan had a very large high - drag device on top kind of like the ballute I have proposed for spherical CM reentry in this plan .
A proposal by Convair for a 1.6 m diameter sphereical capsule with a mass of 450 kg , of unknown orbital endurance .
A proposal by Goodyear for a 2.1 m diameter spherical capsule with a mass of 900 kg , which would support a crew of one in orbit for 5 days .
I do n't know why Goodyear 's spacecraft was so heavy , but the AVCO and Convair proposals are both very light , much lighter than the 800 kg maximum which a Falcon 9 can support , which is excellent news .
These spacecraft had sufficient heat shielding to survive reentry from orbit : reentry on a return - from - moon trajectory will require additional shielding , but considering ( i ) that these masses have at least 100 kg spare before hitting our limit , and in the Corvair case as much as 350 kg to spare ( ! ) , and ( ii ) these masses are from the 1950s ( no composite materials , big heavy analogue electronics , heavy batteries , etc. ) , it seems entirely feasible to me that we could get a modern spherical capsule with sufficient heat shielding for a lunar return to be under 800 kg .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
7:24 am
March 8 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 16 0 Rocket - To - The - Moon said :
Since we are using a heavier lander will we still be able to use the single design engine that the PM uses ?
Do you mean will we still be able to use the same engine on the lander and on PM clusters ?
I do not see why not .
That engine will need to be able to produce more thrust to hover a heavier lander , but that just means that the PM engines will not need to burn for as long , which is actually good – the faster the delta v is applied , the more efficient .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
7:13 pm
March 8 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts
1208 17 1 Post edited 7:34 pm – March 8 , 2010 by Luke Maurits
Very detailed technical article on using ballutes for reentry on lunar - return trajectories .
I 've only quickly skimmed it so far , but this will be a very useful thing to read later on to fully assess the feasibility of this idea .
EDIT : Another similar article , although less detailed .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
4:44 am
March 9 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 18 0 A number of updates on the mass analysis for this plan .
In my original mass calculations for this plan , I used a 300 m/s descent delta v .
The reason for this was simply because I had read this little snippet from Encyclopedia Astronautica :
But as soon as detailed design of the LK began it was realized that the mass of the spacecraft in the draft project was completely unrealistic .
The young engineers that had done the preliminary LK design had made numerous absurd assumptions .
They had assumed a soft landing delta v of only 30 to 40 m/s ( 200 to 300 m/s was a more realistic estimate ) I simply took the highest value , 300 m/s .
Having read more carefully , I can see that the Soviets did 3 separate tests of the LK lander 's propulsion system in LEO .
On each test flight they did a test burn to simulate ascent and descent on the lunar surface .
The different ascent delta-vs in the simualtions were : 263 , 251 and 266 m/s. So 300 m/s was a little high .
I have now set the " nominal " descent delta v to 275 m/s , and included a 10 % safety margin ( just like I did before with the 300 m/s nominal descent delta v ) .
Now , I also used an ascent delta v of 2220 m/s , which I copied straight from the Apollo Lunar Module .
However !
Having read more , I see that the Soviets were very careful in choosing the lunar orbit the LK had to descent / ascend from .
From the same page :
The Chief Designers offered prizes of 50 to 60 rubles per kilogram of weight reduction identified by project engineers .
500 kg was saved just by optimizing the rendezvous orbit .
It turns out the Soviet 's LOI put their stack into a 175 km high circular lunar orbit ( higher than Apollo 's 100 km orbit ) and then used the block D to put the stack into an elliptical orbit with 175 km aposelene and 40 km periselene .
This low periselene means the LK did not have to descend or ascend so far .
The cost for this was an extra " eliptification " burn , but ( i ) saving on ascent / descent delta v is well worth small increases in orbital delta v , and ( ii ) the 175 km high circular orbit requires a lower initial LOI in the first place , and a lower TEI later , somewhat ( perhaps completely ? ) off - setting the cost of the eliptification .
Because of this unusual orbit , the LK did not have to ascend very far .
The three test flights mentioned before had these delta vs when simulating ascent : 1518 , 1320 and 1333 m/s ( I am not sure why the first delta - v is so much higher than the others ) .
So I have changed the nominal ascent delta v in my calculations from 2220 to 1600 ( just to be safe ) and once again included the 10 % saftey margin .
This is a big and exciting change !
Saving fuel on ascent is fantastic , because it has dramatic flow on effects .
The less fuel you need for ascent , the lighter the load you carry for descent , and so the less fuel you need for that – and since fuel requirements increase exponentially as mass does , seemingly small savings in ascent make a big difference in the end – and 622 m/s is a large saving !
So replacing these numbers brings our maximum allowable CM mass up a lot higher , up to around 1050 kg !!!
However , as mentioned , the propellant tank mass estimates I used used ( of 4 g of tank per 1 kg of fuel ) are absurdly optimistic ( I think perhaps the mass numbers on the Wikipedia page about the shuttle tanks I used to arrive at that figure are wrong ) .
To correct for this , I have gone with a " tank mass fraction " approach , and assumed that the mass of a full tank is 90 % propellant , 10 % tank structure .
This increases the tank mass considerably and subtracts somewhat from the big mass bonus we got by improving our delta v figures , but we still come out on top ( remember that as tank mass increases , the benefit from staging our big burns using many small PMs increases ) with 950 kg of allowable CM mass .
As an aside , the same unrealistic tank mass figures were used to estimate the mass of the " Old CLLARE " PM , so those figures are unreliable too .
Importantly , this means that the Old CLLARE design which seemed just to fit on a Falcon 9 now probably will not .
Of course , that plan can be salvaged using many of the techniques outlined for this plan , e.g. using an elliptical lunar rendezvous orbit , using a separate engine to handle most of the descent .
Back to this plan : the 950 kg calculated above does not take into account the increased PM fuel required for the " eliptification burn " .
This is because ( i ) I am very busy and also very tired tonight and I do n't want to take the time to calculate the exact delta v for that maneuver ( but I can do that , and will ) ( ii ) my gut tells me this will make very little change ( the decreased LOI and TEI delta vs due to higher circular altitude will , I think , largely cancel out the eliptification delta v ) ( iii ) the stack of 2 PMs used for LOI and TEI in the above plan already had a little bit of extra fuel in them that we can apply to this task .
Even if these assumptions are wrong , I do n't think there is anyway it could drop the CM mass back down past the old 800 kg figure .
It might take it down to 900 kg or perhaps 850 kg at worst .
Even if it goes back to 800 kg where it was , at least we can be a lot more confident in that 800 kg figure .
Looking at the mass figures from the spherical Man In Space Soonest capsules I posted this morning , even 800 kg should certainly be okay for our CM , and 900 or 950 kg would be luxurious !
Note that everything above is using the conservative estimates for little extra bits : 100 kg just for the lander legs , 150 kg for the lander engine and associated equipment , and 150 kg for the PM engine and associated equipment .
If we can reduce these figures then , of course , maximum allowed CM mass goes up .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
4:19 am
March 11 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1208 19 0 Post edited 4:45 am – March 11 , 2010 by Luke Maurits
More updates : I found an oversight in the fuel analysis code : it was n't counting the mass of the fuel in the lunar lander tanks for the purposes of the TLI and LOI burns .
Including this reduced the maximum CM mass back down to around 800 kg . :(
I thought about the 10 % extra delta-v allowance and thought it did n't make much sense .
In some situations , like lunar descent and ascent , where nominal requirements are modest ( compared to TLI ) , there is considerable uncertainty and running out of fuel would be a huge problem , it makes sense .
In others , though , like TLI , it does n't .
An extra 10 % ontop of TLI is 320 m/s , which is not a small delta v , and there is no real uncertainty in the requirements for TLI .
That safety margin is excessive .
So I have used 10 % safety on lunar ascent and descent and 5 % on other maneuvers and this carried the maximum CM mass back up to around 900 kg . :)
I actually crunched the numbers on the " many small PMs for TLI / LOI / TEI vs one large PM for same " issue and it turns out the many small PMs approach really is better , it saves an incredible 2000 kg overall !
A note for the " Old CLLARE " concept : instead of having a Light Propulsion Module and Heavy Propulsion Module , perhaps just having the light one and clustering it on lunar landing flights would save mass ?
Worried that a tank mass fraction of 0.9 may be optimistic , I did some Googling .
I did n't find much , but did find this page which says " Thin gage corrosion resistant steel ( CRES ) construction combined with normal fusion welding as used on LM's Centaur has already been demonstrated to provide the highest cryogenic tank mass fraction ( ~.90 ) for large scale , cryogenic propellant storage " .
So 0.9 is , actually , achievable .
The article goes on to say that new welding techniques may be able to increase this .
The point above is good news because I made the following table of tank mass fraction vs maximum allowable CM mass , and was startled by how strong the dependence is ( sorry for bad formatting ) :
Tank mass fraction : 0.990000 Maximum CM mass : 976
Tank mass fraction : 0.980000 Maximum CM mass : 968
Tank mass fraction : 0.970000 Maximum CM mass : 961
Tank mass fraction : 0.960000 Maximum CM mass : 953
Tank mass fraction : 0.950000 Maximum CM mass : 945
Tank mass fraction : 0.940000 Maximum CM mass : 937
Tank mass fraction : 0.930000 Maximum CM mass : 929
Tank mass fraction : 0.920000 Maximum CM mass : 920
Tank mass fraction : 0.910000 Maximum CM mass : 912
Tank mass fraction : 0.900000 Maximum CM mass : 893
Tank mass fraction : 0.890000 Maximum CM mass : 859
Tank mass fraction : 0.880000 Maximum CM mass : 830
Tank mass fraction : 0.870000 Maximum CM mass : 803
Tank mass fraction : 0.860000 Maximum CM mass : 736
Tank mass fraction : 0.850000 Maximum CM mass : 727
Tank mass fraction : 0.840000 Maximum CM mass : 718
Tank mass fraction : 0.830000 Maximum CM mass : 709
Tank mass fraction : 0.820000 Maximum CM mass : 680
Tank mass fraction : 0.810000 Maximum CM mass : 656
Tank mass fraction : 0.800000 Maximum CM mass : 633
Tank mass fraction : 0.790000 Maximum CM mass : 598
Tank mass fraction : 0.780000 Maximum CM mass : 540
Tank mass fraction : 0.770000 Maximum CM mass : 531
Tank mass fraction : 0.760000 Maximum CM mass : 521
Tank mass fraction : 0.750000 Maximum CM mass : 498
Tank mass fraction : 0.740000 Maximum CM mass : 462
Tank mass fraction : 0.730000 Maximum CM mass : 426
Tank mass fraction : 0.720000 Maximum CM mass : 403
Tank mass fraction : 0.710000 Maximum CM mass : 360
Tank mass fraction : 0.700000 Maximum CM mass : 350
As you can see , even dropping from 0.9 to 0.8 makes the mass constraints very uncomfortable .
By 0.7 the mission is basically impossible .
Literally every single percentage point of tank mass fraction matters significantly , so it would make sense for us as a team to be willing to invest a lot of time and money in finding innovations in this field .
Also , at last , the first concept images for this new plan .
These are very rough and preliminary , sorry :
The top left image shows the CM by itself .
Note that the human figure inside is not drawn to any kind of scale , it is merely to indicate the orientation of the seating .
The circles to the front of the CM are portholes .
There 's actually no reason behind me using lots of small portholes instead of one big one or some other system in these images , I was just thinking of SpaceShipOne and thought it looked kind of cool .
We can make an actual informed choice for the real CM , of course .
The black thing with four triangles coming out of it in the middle is an RCS thruster , on the outside of the CM – there 's another one on the top and bottom , and another one on the far side of the CM – they are spaced out equally along a vertical circumference line of the CM .
With this arrangement , independent translation and rotation of the CM is possible .
It 's not shown , but when the CM is launched standalone on an orbital flight , a deorbit rocket pack can simply be strapped on ala Mercury .
The top right image just shows the CM with two PMs attached , in a configuration useful for circumlunar flights .
There are 2 PMs just for the sake of illustration , I 've not done the numbers on how many would be needed for an actual free return TLI ( although I think 2 would be right ) .
The appearance of the PMs is purely for illustrative purposes .
In the actual design I imagine they would have a higher radius and lower length , to make sure the lunar landing configuration can fit inside the Falcon 9 fairing .
The bottom image shows a lunar landing configuration : 6 PMs behind the CM ( this is the actual number – I just noticed the diagram says 5 not six , that 's a typo ) and the lunar landing gear underneath the CM .
It 's something of a shame that the landing legs make the whole arrangement asymmetric , since it will complicate propulsion somewhat , but I do n't know what else to do .
If we point the legs forward to maintain symmetry about the stack of PMs , then the astronaut is facing downward at the time of landing .
When they remove their seatbelt they will fall straight into the control panel .
If we reorient the seat so that it would be in the correct position for landing with the legs pointing parallel to the PM stack , then the acceleration during Falcon 9 take off is parallel to the spine , and the body is less tolerant of g forces in this position .
We could have the entire insides of the CM mounted so that they can rotate inside the shell to change arrangement , solving the problem perfectly , but this will add mass and complexity .
One thing I 've not yet figured out is where to put the CM door .
If it is on one of the sides of the PM , then a RCS thruster will be mounted to the outside of it .
This means the hoses / valves for the thruster will need to be integrated into the structure of the door .
Maybe this is not a big deal , but it sounds a little unpleasant .
I thought of moving the RCS thrusters so that , if one is facing the CM head - on , they are at NE , SE , SW and NW , instead of at N , E , S and W , but then translation is only problem along an axes which is diagonal from the perspective of the pilot , and that could be confusing .
The door could go on the front , but we would need to design the control panel such that the astronaut could exit over it easily .
The back is no good because it will not be accessible while the CM is on the launch pad .
Feedback welcome , as always .
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
Mid-way through last year the United Nations published its latest biennial review of world population prospects .
Despite it holding major long - term implications for human - kind , the release scarcely raised a ripple .
Two years earlier it was the same with the previous report .
Ditto for the several reports before that .
World population growth is perceived , unfortunately , as being yesterday 's problem .
With the global growth rate down from the high levels of the 1960s and ' 70s and the apocalyptic demographic prognostications of Paul Ehrlich , the Club of Rome and other doomsayers not having come to pass , the population bomb is widely seen as having been defused .
This view is dangerously wrong .
Although global population growth has dropped by about 40 per cent in the past 40 years , there is still a considerable increase ahead before human numbers can realistically be anticipated to level off .
According to the " medium " scenario in the UN report there will likely be 1.1 billion additions to the world 's population between 2010 and 2025 , and then about the same number again in the following quarter - century .
With more growth after that .
Yet these figures excite little interest .
While the world would be better off without those additions , it is not so much the projected global increase that is the worry .
The problem is that the great bulk of it will occur in countries least capable of handling it — where population pressures are already all too clearly present .
Some countries are projected have population growth of 40 per cent or more by 2025 .
All up , 24 countries are likely to add 10 million or more people to their populations in the blink of the decade and a half .
With one exception ( the United States ) , all are less developed countries .
While significant falls have occurred in birth rates in most less developed countries , " wanted fertility " is still well above replacement level in many .
Even where fertility has fallen close to , or below , replacement level , the age structures resulting from previous high birth rates mean substantial built - in momentum for further population growth .
In absolute numbers , the two demographic billionaires , India and China , are , not surprisingly , likely to increase the most .
India is projected to add more than 200 million people by 2025 , and China about 100 million .
Both countries are on established economic development paths and will probably be able to handle those numbers .
However , India already has well over 200 million people who are undernourished and a quarter of its population lives under the global poverty line of $ 1 a day .
There are greater concerns for other places .
One has to wonder about Pakistan 's capacity , for instance , to accommodate more than 60 million extra people by 2025 , as the UN has projected .
Or Nigeria gaining a further 52 million in the same period .
Ethiopia , 35 million .
Bangladesh , 31 million .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo , 30 million .
What prospects for Niger being able to comfortably absorb a 72 per cent increase ?
East Timor , 60 per cent ?
Afghanistan , a 54 per cent increase ?
The Gaza / West Bank Palestinian territories , 49 per cent ?
Somalia , 49 per cent ?
Yemen , 46 per cent ?
What should also raise major concerns is the projected increase of 41 million to the US population in the next 15 years , and then perhaps 45 million or so more in the 25 years after that .
The biggest worry is the ecological footprint that these likely heavy order consumers will place on the planet .
Unless there are substantial changes to US production and consumption patterns , these additions will have a far greater impact on the global environment than those of Pakistan , Nigeria , Ethiopia , Bangladesh and the Democratic Republic of Congo combined .
What does the future hold for Australia ?
Bob Birrell and Ernest Healy of Monash University have demonstrated that the projected population increase here will pose problems for the government 's goal of cutting greenhouse emissions by 5 per cent by 2020 .
Over and above environmental and humanitarian concerns , these demographics have important national and international political and security ramifications through their lengthening of potentially volatile " youth bulges " in many less developed countries .
Studies have shown that countries with large youth bulges ( usually defined as where people aged 15 - 29 make up 40 per cent or more of the adult population ) are especially prone to civil unrest and armed conflict .
A youth bulge in itself does not make unrest and conflict inevitable .
If a nation 's economy can meet the demographic pressure for productive job creation , a bulge of up to 30 years can be the foundation for sustained economic growth — a workforce " demographic dividend " .
But when mixed with high levels of young adult unemployment and frustration at the lack of opportunities for advancement , youth bulges be form a volatile recipe for political upheaval .
Unfortunately , political troublespots Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , the Palestinian territories and Somalia are all excellent examples .
The conflicts in these countries are usually viewed through political , military , religious and ethnic lenses , but there will be no long - term stability in any of these countries until their underlying structural demographics and parallel economic development deficiencies are addressed .
Nor are those countries an exhaustive list .
Yemen , Egypt , Saudi Arabia and several other Arab states , along with Nigeria , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Kenya and other sub -Saharan nations are places where demographic youth bulges will almost certainly be powerful destabilising forces in the years ahead .
In our own regional neighbourhood , East Timor , Papua New Guinea and several Pacific Island states are of concern .
Not according these demographics their due importance will be costly .
Kevin McCracken is a former dean of environmental and life sciences and now an honorary senior research fellow at Macquarie University .
From China Real Time Report : A group of Google Inc.s partners in China have sent a letter to the Internet giant , saying their businesses are in jeopardy if Google closes its Chinese search engine and demanding to know how they will be compensated .
The company said it received the letter and was reviewing it Tuesday .
Our translation of the letter , e-mailed to Google Monday night , is below .
( Not all the resellers listed as signatories in the letter had a part in drafting it , and each has a unique relationship under different terms with Google . )
Dear ...
AMD has also released a special version of Catalyst 10.3 with OpenGL 4.0 support .
We can say that for the first time ever , AMD is the leader in OpenGL 😉
NVIDIA should release an OpenGL driver very very shortly …
You can download the Catalyst 10.3 OpenGL 4.0 HERE .
Here is the list of the 20 new OpenGL extensions exposed by this GL 4 driver :
GL_AMD_conservative_depth
GL_AMD_name_gen_delete
GL_ARB_blend_func_extended
GL_ARB_draw_indirect
GL_ARB_explicit_attrib_location
GL_ARB_gpu_shader5
GL_ARB_gpu_shader_fp64
GL_ARB_occlusion_query2
GL_ARB_sampler_objects
GL_ARB_shader_bit_encoding
GL_ARB_shader_subroutine
GL_ARB_tessellation_shader
GL_ARB_texture_rgb10_a2ui
GL_ARB_timer_query
GL_ARB_transform_feedback2
GL_ARB_transform_feedback3
GL_ARB_vertex_type_2_10_10_10_rev
GL_EXT_vertex_attrib_64bit
GL_NV_float_buffer
GL_NV_half_float
More details about these extensions can be found on this page .
Other information about this driver ( from GPU Caps Viewer ) :
Drivers Version : 8.712.3.1000 – Catalyst 10.3 ( 3-23-2010 ) – atig6pxx.dll
– Catalyst 10.3 ( 3-23-2010 ) – atig6pxx.dll ATI Catalyst Release Version String : 8.712.3.1-100323a-097544E-Retail ( End User )
OpenGL Version : 4.0.9826 BETA Compatibility Profile Context
GLSL ( OpenGL Shading Language ) Version : 4.00
More information available HERE .
If you live in the United States or Canada , chances are you have cocaine in your wallet .
Nearly nine out of ten bills circulating in the U.S. and its northern neighbor are tainted with cocaine , according to what 's being called the most definitive research to date on the subject .
What 's more , researchers were surprised to find hints that more Americans are using the illegal drug , said study leader Yuegang Zuo of the University of Massachusetts in Dartmouth .
In a similar study by the same team in 2007 , 67 percent of U.S. bills were found to be tainted with cocaine .
The new study puts the percentage at 85 to 95 — a jump of roughly 20 percent , Zuo said .
The drug gets on paper money during drug transactions and when people roll bills to snort cocaine powder , Zuo said .
Stress spurred by the worldwide financial crisis may be driving people to abuse cocaine , one of the most common illegal drugs in the world , Zuo said in a phone interview .
The new findings could " help raise public awareness about cocaine use and lead to greater emphasis on curbing its abuse , " Zuo said in a follow - up email .
Cocaine Country
Part of the reason the new study is so complete , Zuo said , is because the team used new equipment , a gas chromatograph - mass spectrometer , which does n't ruin the money — allowing the scientists to test more bills without breaking the bank .
The team collected banknotes from Brazil , Canada , the U.S. , China , and Japan .
With 5.8 million people having used the drug at least once in 2007 , the U.S. is the world 's biggest cocaine market , according to the 2009 UN World Drug Report .
Perhaps not surprisingly , then , the U.S. — along with Canada — had the highest percentage of cocaine - permeated bills in the study .
Of the 234 U.S. bills collected in 17 large and small cities , nearly 90 percent had traces of cocaine , especially in larger cities such as Baltimore , Boston , and Detroit .
Ninety - five percent of the dollars found in
In keeping with their reputations for having relatively low rates of cocaine use , China and Japan yielded bills with relatively low levels of cocaine contamination .
Asian drug - taking practices could conceivably be partly responsible for the lower percentages of cocaine - tainted bills .
Zuo does n't know , for example , whether Asian cocaine users inhale through rolled bills as many Western users do .
" It is for sure that drug abuse in different countries and regions has different use patterns which may affect cocaine contamination on money , " he said via email .
Regardless of where you live , though , there 's little chance of getting buzzed off your bills , Zuo said .
Even in the U.S. and Canada , the concentrations are simply too small .
Tensions are high in East Jerusalem after the Israeli announcement US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has sharply rebuked Israel over its recent decision to build new settlements in East Jerusalem .
She told Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu by telephone that the move was " deeply negative " for US - Israeli relations .
The BBC's Washington correspondent , Kim Ghattas , says it was a rare and sharp rebuke from Washington .
Israel 's announcement overshadowed a visit by US Vice - President Joe Biden aimed at restarting peace talks .
Since then the Palestinians have indicated they will not return to the negotiating table unless the Israeli decision is revoked .
Apology America 's top diplomat delivered her rebuke during a 43 - minute telephone conversation with Mr Netanyahu , the US state department said .
US state department spokesman PJ Crowley said Mrs Clinton called " to make clear that the United States considered the announcement to be a deeply negative signal about Israel 's approach to the bilateral relationship and contrary to the spirit of the vice - president 's trip " .
Hillary Clinton called on Israel to show commitment to the peace process " The secretary said she could not understand how this happened , particularly in light of the United States 's strong commitment to Israel 's security , " he added .
" She made clear that the Israeli government needed to demonstrate not just through words but through specific actions that they are committed to this relationship and to the peace process . "
The Quartet of Middle East peace mediators - the US , Russia , the EU and the UN - also condemned the Israeli housing announcement and said it would review the situation at its ministerial meeting scheduled for 19 March in Moscow .
Mr Netanyahu earlier apologised for the timing of the settlement announcement , which was made as Mr Biden was holding a day of talks in Jerusalem .
He said he had summoned Interior Minister Eli Yishai to reprimand him .
Israeli and Palestinian leaders had agreed to hold indirect , " proximity talks " in a bid to restart the peace process , which has been stalled for more than a year .
But after the announcement , the Palestinian Authority said talks would be " very difficult " if the plans for the homes were not rescinded .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
They are illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
The latest announcement by the Jerusalem municipality approves 1,600 new housing units in the East Jerusalem settlement of Ramat Shlomo .
POINTS OF TENSION IN JERUSALEM 1 Gilo : 850 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Nov 2009 2 Pisgat Zeev : 600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Jan 2010 3 Sheikh Jarrah : Several Palestinian families evicted in past 18 months to make way for Jewish settlers after court ruled in ownership dispute 4 Ramat Shlomo : 1,600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Mar 2010 5 Silwan : Demolition orders on 88 Palestinian homes built without difficult - to - get permits - Israel planning controversial renewal project 6 .
West Bank barrier : Making Palestinian movement between West Bank and Jerusalem harder - Israel says it 's for security
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By RON CLAIBORNE and DAN PRZYGODAChelsea King was the focus of intense media attention and law enforcement effort , with hundreds of officers and thousands of volunteers joining the search for her .
Almost exactly a year earlier and about 10 miles from where King was last seen jogging , 14 - year - old Amber Dubois left home to walk to school , never to be seen again .
Yet , Dubois ' case got far less media attention and seemingly fewer law enforcement resources .
Hundreds of thousands of children are reported missing every year .
A hundred or so turn out to be the result of foul play , and only a handful of those get the kind of media scrutiny that King 's case got .
Ernie Allen , president of the Center for Missing and Exploited Children , says the cases that get the most attention tend to involve pre-teen children where it 's immediately apparent that foul play by a stranger , not a family member , is suspected .
" Chelsea 's case received enormous media attention because it was dramatic and sensational .
The child goes jogging in a park area and does n't come home .
With Amber Dubois , nobody saw her disappear , and there 's no tangible physical evidence , " Allen said .
" She just disappeared .
" There have been countless high - profile cases involving young girls , including the disappearances of Caylee Anthony , Jessica Lunsford , Somer Thompson and Madeleine McCann , whose story went global because of her telegenic look and her media - savvy parents .
Robert Thompson , a professor of television and popular culture at Syracuse University , explains that the reason the media tends to go in a frenzy around these types of cases is really because of a self - fulfilling prophecy .
"
Once one of these stories is decided to be covered , there 's no turning back , " Thompson said .
" You 've sent your reporters and your trucks to it , and you become invested in it .
You start building interest in the story , and your audience wants to hear more about it , so you keep everyone there to continue reporting on it .
" Critics Site Racial Inequality in Press CoverageMany African - Americans and Latinos also perceive a racial bias to the coverage .
Some believe more attention is paid to missing white children than to black or Hispanic children .
Critics point to several examples .
The 2003 kidnap and murder of African - American college student Romona Moore from Brooklyn , N.Y. , was eclipsed by the disappearance of Svetlana Aranov , a white woman from Manhattan 's Upper East Side .
LaToyia Figueroa , a young African - American and Hispanic woman , who disappeared while pregnant in Philadelphia in 2005 , only got a fraction of the news coverage as Natalie Holloway , a white teen who vanished in Aruba around the same time .
Kathy Times , a member of the National Association of Black Journalists explained , " If you 're white , wealthy , cute and under 12 , then you 're more likely to get the eye of the national media .
" Quoting from a Scripps Howard study , Times continues , " One study showed that about 35,000 kids went missing one year , and a little more than half of those were white , but about 67 percent of stories covered by The Associated Press were about white children .
" And then there was the case of 13 - year - old Laura Ayala , a Latina teen , who vanished near her Houston home in 2002 as she went down the block to buy a newspaper for a class assignment .
" The Hispanic media was wonderful , " Allen said .
" The mainstream media was n't as interested .
Is that because her mom could n't tell her story in English ?
I do n't know . "
By Robert Samuelson - March 15 , 2010
WASHINGTON --
One job of presidents is to educate Americans about crucial national problems .
On health care , Barack Obama has failed .
Almost everything you think you know about health care is probably wrong or , at least , half wrong .
Great simplicities and distortions have been peddled in the name of achieving " universal health coverage . "
The miseducation has worsened as the debate approaches its climax .
There 's a parallel here : housing .
Most Americans favor homeownership , but uncritical pro-homeownership policies ( lax lending standards , puny down payments , hefty housing subsidies ) helped cause the financial crisis .
The same thing is happening with health care .
The appeal of universal insurance -- who , by the way , wants to be uninsured ? -- justifies half - truths and dubious policies .
That the process is repeating itself suggests that our political leaders do n't learn even from proximate calamities .
How often , for example , have you heard the emergency - room argument ?
The uninsured , it 's said , use emergency rooms for primary care .
That 's expensive and ineffective .
Once they 're insured , they 'll have regular doctors .
Care will improve ; costs will decline .
Everyone wins .
Great argument .
Unfortunately , it 's untrue .
A study by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation found that the insured accounted for 83 percent of emergency room visits , reflecting their share of the population .
After Massachusetts adopted universal insurance , emergency room use remained higher than the national average , reports an Urban Institute study .
More than two - fifths of visits represented non-emergencies .
Adult respondents to a survey said it was " more convenient " to go to the emergency room or they could n't " get ( a doctor 's ) appointment as soon as needed . "
If universal coverage makes appointments harder to get , emergency room use may increase .
You probably think that insuring the uninsured will dramatically improve the nation 's health .
The uninsured do n't get care or do n't get it soon enough .
With insurance , they wo n't be shortchanged ; they 'll be healthier .
Simple .
Think again .
I 've written before that expanding health insurance would result , at best , in modest health gains .
Studies of insurance 's effects on health are hard to perform .
Some find benefits ; others do n't .
Medicare 's introduction in 1966 produced no reduction in mortality ; some studies of extensions of Medicaid for children did n't find gains .
Economics writer Megan McArdle of The Atlantic examined the literature and emerged skeptical .
Claims that the uninsured suffer tens of thousands of premature deaths are " open to question . "
Conceivably , the " lack of health insurance has no more impact on your health than lack of flood insurance , " she writes .
How could this be ?
No one knows , but possible explanations include : ( a ) many uninsured are fairly healthy -- about two - fifths are between 18 and 34 ; ( b ) some are too sick to be helped or have problems rooted in personal behaviors -- smoking , diet , drinking or drug abuse ; and ( c ) the uninsured already receive about 50 percent to 70 percent of the care of the insured from hospitals , clinics and doctors , estimates the Congressional Budget Office .
Though it seems compelling , covering the uninsured is not the health care system 's major problem .
The big problem is uncontrolled spending , which prices people out of the market and burdens government budgets .
Obama claims his proposal checks spending .
Just the opposite .
When people get insurance , they use more health services .
Spending rises .
By the government 's latest forecast , health spending goes from 17 percent of the economy in 2009 to 19 percent in 2019 .
Health " reform " would likely increase that .
Unless we change the fee - for - service system , costs will remain hard to control because providers are paid more for doing more .
Obama might have attempted that by proposing health care vouchers ( limited amounts to be spent on insurance ) , which would force a restructuring of delivery systems to compete on quality and cost .
Doctors , hospitals and drug companies would have to reorganize care .
Obama refrained from that fight and instead cast insurance companies as the villains .
He 's telling people what they want to hear , not what they need to know .
Whatever their sins , insurers are mainly intermediaries ; they pass along the costs of the delivery system .
In 2009 , the largest 14 insurers had profits of roughly $ 9 billion ; that approached 0.4 percent of total health spending of $ 2.472 trillion .
This hardly explains high health costs .
What people need to know is that Obama 's plan evades health care 's major problems and would worsen the budget outlook .
It 's a big new spending program when government has n't paid for the spending programs it already has .
" If not now , when ?
If not us , who ? " Obama asks .
The answer is :
It 's not now , and it 's not " us . "
Pass or not , Obama 's proposal is the illusion of " reform , " not the real thing .
Imagine you 're home alone .
It 's 8 p.m .
You work an early shift and need to be out the door before sunrise , so you 're already in bed .
Your nerves are a bit frazzled , because earlier in the week someone broke into your home .
Oddly , they did n't take anything ; they just rifled through your belongings .
But the violation weighs on your mind .
At about the time you drift off , you 're awakened by fierce barking from your two large dogs .
You hear someone crashing into your front door , as if he 's trying to separate it from its hinges .
You grab the gun you keep for home defense and leave your room to investigate .
This past January that scenario played out at the Chesapeake , Virginia , home of 28 - year - old Ryan Frederick , a slight man of little more than 100 pounds .
According to interviews since the incident , Frederick says when he looked toward his front door , he saw an intruder trying to enter through one of the lower door panels .
So Frederick fired his gun .
The intruders were from the Chesapeake Police Department .
They had come to serve a drug warrant .
Frederick 's bullet struck Detective Jarrod Shivers in the side , killing him .
Frederick was arrested and has spent the last six weeks in a Chesapeake jail .
He has been charged with first degree murder .
Paul Ebert , the special prosecutor assigned to the case , has indicated he may elevate the charge to capital murder , which would enable the state to seek the death penalty .
At the time of the raid , Ryan Frederick worked for a soft drink merchandiser .
Current and former employers and co-workers speak highly of him .
He also recently had gotten engaged , a welcome lift for a guy who'd had a run of tough luck .
He lost both parents early in life , and friends say the death of his mother hit particularly hard — Frederick discovered her in bed after she had overdosed on prescription medication .
After the deaths of both parents , Frederick grew close to his grandmother , who then died two years ago .
Friends and neighbors describe Frederick as shy , self - effacing , non-confrontational , and hard - working .
He had no prior criminal record .
Frederick and his friends have conceded he smoked marijuana recreationally .
But all — including his neighbors — insist there 's no evidence he was growing or distributing the drug .
According to the search warrant , the police raided Frederick 's home after a confidential informant told them he saw evidence of marijuana growing in a garage behind the home .
The warrant says the informant saw several marijuana plants , plus lights , irrigation equipment and other gardening supplies .
After the raid , the police found the gardening supplies , but no plants .
They also found a small amount of marijuana , but not much — only enough to charge Frederick with misdemeanor drug possession .
Frederick told a local television station that he was an avid gardener .
A neighbor I spoke with backs him up , explaining that Frederick had an elaborate koi pond behind his home and raised a variety of tropical plants .
He 'd even given his neighbors gardening tips on occasion .
One of the plants Frederick told the local television station he raised was the Japanese maple , a plant that , when green , has leaves that look quite a bit like marijuana leaves .
So far , Chesapeake police have given no indication that they did any investigation to corroborate the tip from their informant .
There 's no mention in the search warrant of an undercover drug buy from Frederick or of any extensive surveillance of Frederick 's home .
More disturbingly , the search warrant says the confidential informant was inside Frederick 's house three days before the raid — about the same time Frederick says someone broke into his home .
Frederick 's supporters have told me that Frederick and his attorney now know the identity of the informant , and that it was the police informant who broke into Frederick 's home .
Chesapeake 's police department is n't commenting .
But if true , all of this raises some very troubling questions about the raid , and about Frederick 's continued incarceration .
Special prosecutor Paul Ebert said at a recent bond hearing for Frederick that Shivers , the detective who was killed , was in Frederick 's yard when he was shot , and that Frederick fired through his door , knowing he was firing at police .
Frederick 's attorney disputes this .
Ebert also said Frederick should have known the intruders were police because there were a dozen or more officers at the scene .
But some of Frederick 's neighbors dispute this , too .
One neighbor told me she saw only two officers immediately after the raid ; she said the others showed up only after Shivers went down .
What 's clear , though , is that Chesepeake police conducted a raid on a man with no prior criminal record .
Even if their informant had been correct , Frederick was at worst suspected of growing marijuana plants in his garage .
There was no indication he was a violent man — that it was necessary to take down his door after nightfall .
The raid in Chesapeake bears a striking resemblance to another that ended in a fatality .
Last week , New Hanover County , N.C. , agreed to pay $ 4.25 million to the parents of college student Peyton Strickland , who was killed when a deputy participating in a raid mistook the sound of a SWAT battering ram for a gunshot , and fired through the door as Strickland came to answer it .
In the case where a citizen mistakenly ( and allegedly ) shot through his door at a raiding police officer , the citizen is facing a murder charge ; in the case where a raiding police officer mistakenly shot through a door and killed a citizen , there were no criminal charges .
Over the last quarter century , we 've seen an astonishing rise in paramilitary police tactics by police departments across America .
Peter Kraksa , professor of criminology at the University of Eastern Kentucky , ran a 20 - year survey of SWAT team deployments and determined that they have increased 1,500 percent since the early 1980s — mostly to serve nonviolent drug warrants .
This is dangerous , senseless overkill .
The margin of error is too thin , and the potential for tragedy too high to use these tactics unless they are in response to an already violent situation ( think bank robberies , school shootings or hostage - takings ) .
Breaking down doors to bust drug offenders creates violent situations ; it does n't defuse them .
Shivers ' death is only the most recent example .
And Ryan Frederick is merely the latest citizen to be put in the impossible position of being awakened from sleep , then having to determine in a matter of seconds if the men breaking into his home are police or criminal intruders .
You wonder how many people can honestly say they'd have handled it any differently than he did .
Radley Balko is a senior editor for reason .
This article originally appeared at FoxNews.com .
Paul Wilson 's interview ( LaziestMan-frame.html ) has been moved to a separate new section entirely on Fred Gratzon ( LaziestMan-frame. php ) to enable PHP scripting .
If you are not redirected in 5 seconds , please follow this link : http://www.svabhinava.org/FreeEnterprise/FredGratzon/LaziestMan-frame.php
