Reading the Employment Report : Focus on Hours , Not Heads
The latest employment numbers are out , and they are dreadful .
Those commentators who saw “ green shoots ” out there had been focusing on the fact that in May , the economy “ only ” shed 322,000 jobs , which is good news when compared with the fact that the economy had been losing over 600,000 jobs per month in January , February , and March .
Squint hard enough at the black line in my chart , and you can see why many were hopeful that job losses were slowing down .
But counting the number of people who lost their jobs misses an important part of the story .
Focus instead on the purple line , which is the index of aggregate weekly hours worked and also counts those who ’ve lost only part of their jobs .
The decline in aggregate hours worked has been frighteningly consistent over recent months .
Any evidence of “ green shoots ” appearing in recent months disappears in this broader measure .
The recession continues apace .
If current trends continue , we are in for a frightening time .
It ’s time to start talking about a second fiscal stimulus .
Awards
The Game
Hive is an award winning board game with a difference .
There is no board .
The pieces are added to the playing area thus creating the board .
As more and more pieces are added the game becomes a fight to see who can be the first to capture the opposing Queen Bee .
The soldier ants battle to keep control of the outside of the hive , whilst the Beetles climb up to dominate the top .
Spiders moving into holding positions as the Grass Hoppers jump in for the kill .
Keeping one eye on the hive and the other on your opponents reserves , the tension builds as one wrong move will see your Queen Bee quickly engulfed ; .... game over !
Inside The Box
Parts in the box : 24 parts in total Contents : 22 Tactile Game Pieces
( 3 white & black ants [ 6 ] )
( 2 white & black spiders [ 4 ] )
( 2 white & black beetles [ 4 ] )
( 3 white & black grasshoppers [ 6 ] )
( 1 white & black queen bee [ 2 ] )
Travel Bag
Illustrated Rules Leaflet Warnings :
Not suitable for children
under 3 years old Box dimensions : W=213 , H=213 , D=50 [ mm ]
Object of Game : Each player has one Queen Bee piece .
Surround your opponents Queen
Bee with either yours or your opponents colored pieces .
The first person to surround your opponents Queen Bee wins .
It 's as simple as that , .... but is it ?
Takes a few minutes to learn and a lifetime to master , just like chess .
Game Gallery
Please click on these picture tiles to zoom in .
Related Videos
Please click on the video icons to view the videos .
Rules ENGLISH RULES GERMAN RULES DUTCH RULES FRENCH RULES GREEK RULES ITALIAN RULES
SPANISH RULES TURKISH RULES RUSSIAN RULES CATALAN RULES PORTUGUESE RULES
Expansion Set Pieces Available For Hive
Please note :
These expansion set pieces are not included in this game ( i.e. Standard Edition ) .
You can purchase these separately in our online store ( UK residents only ) or from your local store in your country .
Expansion set pieces that are available for Hive Standard Edition only .
These sets come in two colors for each player and are 1 .
Pillbug , 2 . Ladybug , 3 . Mosquito .
Additional Information About Hive
As Hive is not constrained to a board , you can play it on just about any surface you like .
Try playing it on grass , flat rocks , sand on the beach , even under water if you are adventurous enough .
There are many YouTube videos of people playing Hive on different surfaces .
Benefits to Children & Adults
Board games are rich in learning opportunities .
They satisfy your child 's competitive urges and the desire to master new skills and concepts .
As such , the following benefits of playing this game is measured below :
Concentration 10 Social Skills 10 Number Recognition 8 Shape Recognition 10 Grouping and Counting 10 Visual Perception 10 Color Recognition 10 Eye to Hand Co-ordination 10 Manual Dexterity 10 Letter Recognition & Reading 3
Please note :
This list is by no means exhaustive .
This list does not include reading the rules .
Hundreds of people gathered at London 's South Bank today dressed in differing hues of dressing gown and carrying towels to mark the resurrection of a fondly remembered sci- fi classic .
They were celebrating the 30th anniversary of the first book in Douglas Adams 's Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy comic series and the publication today of And Another Thing … , written by Eoin Colfer , the novelist chosen by Adams 's estate to ensure the return of bemused Earthling hero Arthur Dent and others thought to have been wiped out in the fifth book of the series written by Adams before he died from a heart attack in 2001 .
By agreeing to the task , Colfer , whose own Artemis Fowl series has already outsold the Adams favourites , 18 m copies to 16 m , is helping to cement a publishing trend set by Sebastian Faulks 's officially approved 2008 James Bond revival , Devil May Care .
Dent 's dressing - gown garb , and towels as carried by Ford Prefect , the alien who first saves him when Earth is about to be obliterated to make way for a hyperspace highway , have become totemic symbols of a multimedia brand that began life as a radio series in 1978 and spawned TV , cinematic , comic and computer adaptations .
Others on display at a fans ' convention at the Royal Festival Hall included a spacesuit worn by a Vogon , the bureaucratic species with the most aggression and worst poetry in the universe , and glasses in which to serve pan galactic gargle blasters , along with Adams 's bath , in which the author claimed to have had some of his best ideas .
The new book begins with an old favourite , two - headed Zaphod Beeblebrox , trying to save Dent and Prefect from oblivion in a London club but all seems doomed until a previously minor character from the Hitchhiker canon , the Infinitely Prolonged Wowbagger , a grumpy immortal alien out to insult everyone in the universe , comes to their aid .
Colfer , who described his previous work as " traditional fantasy adventure with a touch of James Bond and a lot of Inspector Clouseau " , said his new offering was a labour of love .
Initially he had been doubtful about the project , but those who approached him " said it would be a nice way to bring a new generation of people to the original books " .
What would Adams think of the new book ?
" I would hope he had a little giggle and would enjoy the respectful but not slavish way I have entered his universe … I do n't think he would be disgusted . "
Adams 's agent , Ed Victor , said his widow Jane and daughter Polly had " loved every word " of the Artemis Fowl books , adding : " He has kind of channelled Douglas in a way .
I feel 100 % sure Douglas would have loved this book . "
Meanwhile , at the convention , fans spoke of their love of Adams 's work .
" I always wanted to be Ford Prefect when I grew up , " said Victoria Peterson , 35 , a computer programmer from Cambridge who looked nothing like screen portrayals of the guide 's researcher from a small planet somewhere in the vicinity of Betelgeuse .
" I read the books when I was about 14 and carted them around like they were relics . "
And , she pointed out , the eccentric electronic guide that gave the series its name bore more than a passing resemblance to her iPhone .
Phillipe Bosher , 16 , from Egham , Surrey , said : " A couple of years ago my grandad got me into it .
I could n't stop reading it and then he bought me the radio programmes .
It is funny , it is clever , It really gets the grey matter going . "
He was already a fan of Colfer 's books , and had so far read half of And Another Thing ...
" He has managed to capture the sense of the radio series which , in my mind , is the best version . "
John Coxon , a student and secretary of fan group ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha , said he had read previews of Colfer 's addition and thought it was " certainly as good as the later books Adams wrote " , while Niall " Bresy " Breslin , leader and songwriter of Irish band The Blizzards , whose new CD single celebrates the new novel , remembered how " our English teacher used to read Hitchhikers to us when we were 12 or 13 .
I do n't think any us got it but … it was the fact it was not something like a Charles Dickens novel , it was cool .
I read it again when I was 18 or 19 and loved it . "
The tribute single was " a three - minute pop track " rather than " something Pink Floydy " or about spaceships .
To start : the title is a false dichotomy .
I develop some code and I distribute other code .
I happily let Debian and Ubuntu package software such as Vim and X.org for me , not to mention Kmail and glibc , but I also happily use CPAN . pm to manage Perl 5 modules .
A rather silly debate stirs in the Perl 5 community now and then .
Someone claims " Your project has too many dependencies ! "
One response is " Do n't reinvent the wheel . "
If I could strike words and phrases from polite debate , " bloat " and " reinvent the wheel " would disappear shortly after " utilize " and the verb " to task " .
You May or May Not Like Forest Creatures
This time , the debate is about Moose startup time -- in particular , whether the benefits of using Moose for Padre outweigh the disadvantages .
The advantages are :
More declarative class declarations ( especially through MooseX : : Declare )
Better object and class flexibility than Perl 5 provides by default
Access to a wide range of Moose design patterns and plugins
Generally less code to maintain to achieve the same feature set
The disadvantages are :
Moose and Class :: MOP add a few ( 12 ? ) extra dependencies to a modern version of Perl 5
Creating Moose objects increases startup time and memory usage by a measurable amount .
( Note that I used the word measureable , but not large .
You can measure this amount .
Whether the amount is trivial or significant depends on your problem domain . )
Rewriting existing , working code may not prove beneficial at this point in the project .
Keep that in mind for a moment .
Truth in Advertising Distributed Software
LWN covered a debate on p5 p and Fedora mailing lists about the Red Hat practice of distributing Perl 5 .
If you install the perl package , you do n't get what most people reading this would consider " Perl " .
In particular , you can't use CPAN . pm because it 's not installed .
If you want to use CPAN . pm , you have to install the perl - core package .
Some might say that the perl installed from the perl package is broken .
Certainly it does n't do what I might expect .
One difficulty that distributors such as Red Hat , Sun ( with Solaris ) , FreeBSD , and Apple ( with Mac OS X ) discover is that users uses of Perl 5 vary .
A couple of megabytes of perl and a few core libraries may suffice to run basic system administration programs necessary to the installation and ongoing maintenance of a system , but I want all of the Perl documentation , the Unicode tables , and even the shared library for Scalar : : Util installed correctly before I consider that the preinstalled Perl 5 is usable and complete .
I can understand Red Hat 's choice , and mostly I consider their choice of nomenclature buggy .
In some ways , that poor taste grates more than a mistaken technical decision .
I have no love lost for the Perl 5 distribution YAML :: Tiny , written deliberately not to parse YAML , yet attached to the name like some alien parasite determined to suck the precious bodily fluids from its host .
Yet I also understand why the :: Tiny distributions exist : to do a job quickly , using as few resources ( runtime and dependency - wise ) as possible , solving 80 % of the problems without fuss .
That 's good for developers and good for distributors , at least to a point .
The Debate is Not Even Wrong
Sometimes I hate long dependency chains , usually when I have to chase them down during a long installation .
Sometimes I 'm happy to reuse code , like a garbage collector or Unicode library or binary - coded decimal or date and time handling I do n't have to code or debug or even understand myself .
Sometimes I 'm even happy to remove a dependency if it means that more people can use software to which I 've contributed , or if it makes the software easier to maintain or easier to install or faster or simpler .
The difficulty is that we value different criteria differently at different times for different tasks .
I do n't mind if Padre takes two seconds to start , if I use it for two hours a day and it doubles my productivity .
Contrarily , I 'd like Callgrind to run faster , but it 's valuable enough as it is ( and some of the software I profile has its own flaws ) that I do n't mind the speed hit it takes for the crazy job it does .
The problem is that the " Your software is bloated ! " and " You reinvent the wheel , badly , and you lie about its name ! " debate is also a false dilemma .
We have a wealth of other options to attempt to make people happier .
Imagine if you could get a single bundle of all dependencies for any CPAN distribution .
Obviously there are complications : can you compile XS code , do you have alien library dependencies , are the licenses compatible ?
Yet improving the distribution of code -- especially with regard to dependency graph version compatibilities and test reports -- could help .
Imagine if Perl 5 borrowed just enough of Moose 's declarative class / attribute syntax to make the easy things easy , remove 75 % of the boilerplate , and leave Moose and Class : : MOP for the other difficult things where it 's obvious that you need that full power .
I would n't call it Moose : : Tiny , but I suspect that a handful of features ( declarative class , attribute , and method declarations , auto constructors and accessors ) could banish blessed references in new code at almost no startup time cost .
Then again , imagine if Perl 5 could see an order of magnitude improvement in performance .
Could that render many of these discussions moot ?
Certainly these are design goals for Perl 6 .
9/12 protest march numbers and impact can't be dumbed - down
September 15 , 2009
By Stella Lohmann
For every person that converged in Washington for the 9/12 Protest March on DC Saturday , there were many more who attended local events around the nation .
Those numbers ARE in the millions of those who answered the call ( originally by Fox News host Glenn Beck just months ago ) .
Not everyone came because they are a fan of Beck ; most said they just had to be there !
No media network or paper can dumb - down projections of how many actually came much less the march 's impact on the American psyche .
I was there .
I rode a bus ten hours both ways from Atlanta with fellow concerned citizens 
I wanted to experience it for myself as reporter and as a citizen .
Bless those on the west coast and even Alaska and Hawaii who sacrificed so much to be apart of an enormous march that evolved in a just matter of months !
Kudos to Fox News and Glenn Beck for setting up a website for grassroots coordinators to communicate and organize the thousands wanting to take their concerns to Washington !
Beck did n't make an appearance to say , " In your face , naysayers ! "
Rather he reported back in his New York City studio while those who organized the event executed their own plans with their own speakers according to their own schedules .
Travelling home to Georgia , one lady read from her blackberry an article " 9/12 March had no leaders , " as if exposing weaknesses in the movement and the protest itself .
Thank you whomever you are for giving a few enthusiastic ladies on the bus something more to talk about while some of us wanted to sleep during the night !
Imagine how silly minimizing the attendance sounded to those who experienced the enormity of the crowd for themselves  those of us who heard motorists across states honk horns or talk with us at rest and truck stops along the way .
Imagine how out of touch negative headlines were when we stood shoulder - to - shoulder with Americans from all 50 states down Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol .
Imagine how ludicrous their analysis when buses were being turned away because there was no more room !
Imagine when the crowd dispersed leaving no trash unlike the Inauguration covered like a landfill !
Those who came want self accountability , pride in our history as a defender of democracy and treasure what we have because of it  a free America , a free republic , one nation under God framed by the Constitution yet today .
Being good stewards is what the 9/12 Protest March was all about .
Amy Kremer , one of the national organizers says it 's about teamwork , no one person being more important than the others  all of us doing what needs to be done to stop the chaos in Washington . ©
Stella Lohmann
By Ollie Williams
McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the Formula 1 season in style as Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel handed his Brawn title rivals a boost .
A penalty dropped Vettel from second to fourth , just ahead of Brawn 's Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello .
The error leaves Vettel 25 points behind Button in the standings with 30 points remaining on offer .
Barrichello is 15 adrift of his team - mate .
Toyota 's Timo Glock took second place ahead of Renault 's Fernando Alonso .
However , the finer details of the podium paled in the face of developments in the drivers ' championship .
Vettel set off in hot pursuit of Hamilton after an early challenge from Williams ' Nico Rosberg faded , but squandered his hard work when he broke the pit lane speed limit during his second stop for fuel and tyres .
As if the resulting drive - through penalty were not enough , Vettel also damaged his diffuser on a kerb .
Red Bull team - mate Mark Webber can no longer win the drivers ' title after he suffered brake failure on lap 46 .
And while Red Bull could still conceivably win the constructors ' championship , Brawn are now 42.5 points clear with a maximum of 54 points on offer .
Their rivals ' misfortune will have been music to the ears of both Button and Barrichello who , for much of the race , had laboured unremarkably from grid positions of 11th and ninth respectively .
The pair struggled to make an impression up to the appearance of the safety car following a crash involving Force India 's Adrian Sutil and BMW 's Nick Heidfeld on lap 21 .
And while the safety car helped Hamilton , who had just pitted , fellow Englishman Button watched his fuel advantage over a number of rivals , carried over from Saturday 's qualifying , evaporate .
But the Brawns kept plugging away and as Red Bull 's challenge crumbled , Button pushed up to fifth , just ahead of Barrichello .
Nursing brake problems for the final few laps , Button crossed the finish line knowing he has edged a little bit closer to the title , which he can win in Japan next weekend if he gains five points or more on Barrichello .
" I got stuck behind Heikki Kovalainen for quite a few laps of the race but when he pitted I was able to get past him - I 'm very happy , " said the Englishman .
" I could see Rubens pulling away very slightly and could n't do anything , but I was happy to get Kazuki Nakajima off the line , that was key for me and made my race really . "
Vettel expressed mystification at his drive - through penalty , telling BBC Sport he was " very surprised " to be called back through the pit lane .
" I was n't in a rush and can't really explain why I got caught - it was maybe an electronics issue , " he suggested .
" With that penalty and the damage to my car by the end - it was falling apart !
- fourth place was the best we could do . "
There are now three races remaining this season , in Japan , Brazil and Abu Dhabi , which makes its F1 debut as the season finale .
Thunder storms threatened the Marina Bay circuit as the season 's 14th grand prix began , but the weather remained dry , sparing drivers an introduction to night racing in the wet .
Rosberg , starting third on the grid , was the biggest winner as the cars got away without incident , sneaking ahead of Vettel on the first corner .
The Williams driver held second place for the opening 25 laps , but surrendered his advantage having been issued a drive - through penalty for crossing the white line on his way out of the pits following his first stop .
Rosberg , who later admitted he had been " very stupid " to cross the line , re-emerged from his penalty in 14th place and finished 11th , ruining what Williams had hoped would be a strong weekend performance .
Hamilton , by contrast , barely blinked with Rosberg in his mirrors , and shrugged off the challenge of a reinvigorated Vettel once the safety car departed at the end of lap 25 .
Conditions made it very tough but it was pretty straightforward for me , I drove a nicely - controlled race
Lewis Hamilton
An early problem with Kers was the defending world champion 's only major concern and , once Vettel had dropped back following his penalty , Hamilton 's race victory was all but assured .
" It was a very , very tough race , I think I can speak for all of us , " he said .
" Conditions made it very tough but it was pretty straightforward for me .
" I knew I was longer than the guys around me so all I had to do was keep Vettel behind me .
I felt I drove quite a nicely - controlled race . "
Hamilton 's team - mate Kovalainen , who spent a large portion of his race trying to contain Button , came home seventh , with BMW 's Robert Kubica eighth .
Glock was the happy beneficiary of early jockeying for position between Webber and Alonso .
Webber , deemed to have overtaken Alonso illegally having strayed off the track , had to move aside to let Alonso and Glock , whose Toyota was ahead of the Renault , through .
That left Glock ideally - placed to take advantage when Vettel and Rosberg ran into trouble later in the race .
ANDREW BENSON BLOG
Looked at as a whole , which driver has definitively driven a better season than Button in 2009 ?
Alonso , who won the now - infamous 2008 race in Singapore , had - by the standards of those around him - a quiet but nevertheless impressive race to cruise into third place .
" The race was fantastic and the result is great for us , to get our first podium of the season , " said the Spaniard .
Alonso was also quick to pay tribute to Flavio Briatore , the former Renault team principal who left in the wake of the race - fixing scandal .
" It was not an easy weekend for anybody , especially after last week , " said Alonso .
" But 700 people work on this car and they - and Flavio , of course , because we 're all here because of him - deserve this success . "
The Spaniard 's team - mate , Romain Grosjean , retired with high brake temperatures just three laps into the race .
Grosjean was joined by Sutil and Heidfeld after their collision , following a spin from Sutil .
Heidfeld 's retirement completed a grim day for the German , who had been kicked to the back of the grid for running underweight in qualifying .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Could this be scaled to 5 gallon ?
- Maybe .
I did a lot of testing of the boiling ability of a single 120V 2KW element .
5 gallons seemed to be the limit for a good rolling boil .
Considering a full 5 gallon batch would start with 6 - 7 gallons pre-boil , you 'd want to do two 120V elements or better , go 240V .
Also realize the 5 gal MLT will limit your mash size .
Does the high watt density element scorch the beer ?
- No !
I 've done everything from pils to barleywine on this system and have never seen or tasted a hint of scorching .
Can you do high gravity beers ?
- Absolutely .
In fact , my efficiency varies more from the amount of adjuncts in the grist than it does wort gravity .
I saw 74 % on the last 1.100 barleywine I did .
Can you step mash ? - Sort of .
It 's more of a ramp than a step however .
I 've doughed in at 145 and recirculated the system up to 158 with good results .
It takes 15 - 20 minutes to ramp through the mash range .
OK , so my pic generated a number of requests for a detailed write up of my little system so here it goes ... What is a Brutus 20 ?
In a nutshell , it 's a no-sparge , constant recirculation direct fired mash system .
Lonnie Mac , the creator , has since taken his Brutus 20 page down for some reason but the original is reachable via archive.org here .
It 's definitely worth a read if you 're unfamiliar with the concept .
Right or wrong , superstition or whatever , I had found from my brewing experience over the years that my beers got a LOT better when I quit playing the efficiency game .
The beers just tasted better when I worked to keep efficiency in the 70 - 75 % range .
When I stumbled across Lonnie 's design , I knew its efficiency " limitations " were exactly what I wanted .
I also immediately saw some simple design improvements I could make that would result in an extremely compact system that would allow me to keep my brewing indoors .
I 'm just not a fan of spending 5 hours in the garage in the heat of the summer OR when the snow 's flying in the winter .
OK , so let me knock out a few of the questions I frequently get asked about my rig right off the bat :
So here 's a cheesy diagram of the system .
The kettle is plumbed to a HD bucket that has the pump and counterflow chiller inside .
The CFC does n't do anything until chill time , but having it permanently plumbed minimizes plumbing changes during a brew session ( keeping drips to a minimum indoors ) and it's extremely space efficient .
The CFC output runs to the top of the MLT and the MLT output flows via gravity back into the kettle .
Using gravity eliminates the 2nd pump from Lonnie 's design .
Setup for mash ( pic 1 ) Setup for chill ( pic 2 ) Coming up next , more pics !
Stay tuned ...
The Court ruled that John Ashcroft may be held liable for people who were wrongfully detained as material witnesses after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
It ruled that his claims of both absolute and qualified immunity were invalid .
And the majority opinion went to some length to describe just how outrageous this abuse was :
Almost two and a half centuries ago , William Blackstone , considered by many to be the preeminent pre-Revolutionary
War authority on the common law , wrote :
To bereave a man of life , or by violence to confiscate
his estate , without accusation or trial , would be
so gross and notorious an act of despotism , as must
at once convey the alarm of tyranny throughout the
whole kingdom .
But confinement of the person , by
secretly hurrying him to gaol , where his sufferings
are unknown or forgotten ; is a less public , a less
striking , and therefore a more dangerous engine of
arbitrary government .
The Fourth Amendment was written and ratified , in part , to deny the government of our then - new nation such an engine of potential tyranny .
And yet , if the facts alleged in al - Kidd ’s complaint are actually true , the government has recently exercised such a " dangerous engine of arbitrary government " against a significant number of its citizens , and given good reason for disfavored minorities ( whoever they may be from time to time ) to fear the application of such arbitrary power to them .
We are confident that , in light of the experience of the American colonists with the abuses of the British Crown , the Framers of our Constitution would have disapproved of the arrest , detention , and harsh confinement of a United States citizen as a " material witness " under the circumstances , and for the immediate purpose alleged , in al - Kidd ’s complaint .
Sadly , however , even now , more than 217 years after the ratification of the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution , some confidently assert that the government has the power to arrest and detain or restrict American citizens for months on end , in sometimes primitive conditions , not because there is evidence that they have committed a crime , but merely because the government wishes to investigate them for possible wrongdoing , or to prevent them from having contact with others in the outside world .
We find this to be repugnant to the Constitution , and a painful reminder of some of the most ignominious chapters of our national history .
What makes this decision so remarkable is not merely the clarity of the sentiments expressed .
What makes it so remarkable is that it was authored by Milan D. Smith , Jr. , appointed to the Ninth Circuit by George W. Bush and confirmed in 2006 .
Judge Smith is a graduate of Brigham Young University , an active Mormon , and brother of former Republican Senator Gordon Smith .
In other words , a leading conservative legal voice .
This is what honest evaluation of the legality of the methods of the Bush administration looks like .
This is how obvious the violations of the most basic rights of Americans their policies were .
And this is what , to date , we have not received from our Democratic representatives at the Federal level .
Hahaha , really funny^^ .
Man it 's so awesome how you combine classic elements to your own unique style .
I love to browse through your pictures .
But for some odd reason your drawings lag of a professional touh , even though they look perfect .
I think it 's the way you present it ...
I assume you draw everything with pencil and then simply scan it .
Well , that does n't look so good , maybe you should edit it at least a bit on the computer ....
The New Indentured Servitude
Jeffrey Williams , in Dissent Magazine , wrote Student Debt and The Spirit of Indenture , provocatively referred to student loans as the new form of indentured servitude .
Why is this the new form of indentured servitude ?
Williams gives some reasons :
The prevalence of this debt , especially among the young and the poor / working classes , the transformation from a rounding error amount to a significant burden amount over the past 30 years , the length of term , the idea of mobility and " transport " to a job , debt secured not by property but by personhood , and limited legal recourse .
All these characteristics are similar .
The limited legal recourse is noteworthy here , since unlike most debt , it is n't dischargeable under bankruptcy , thus it does n't have a natural protection for the consumer receiving credit ( a protection , the original synthetic put option , that our Founders were aware of enough to make sure it was provisioned for in the Constitution ) .
This is not to soft - peddle indentured servitude .
Indentured servitude was a violent contract , with physical torture used to coerce labor .
As economist DW Galenson noted , " The Company clearly felt that [ beaten workers running away ] threatened the continued survival of their enterprise , for they reacted forcefully to this crime .
In 1612 , the colony 's governor dealt firmly with some recaptured laborers : ' Some he apointed to be hanged .
Some burned .
Some to be broken upon wheles , others to be staked and some to be shott to death . ' "
But let 's put on our Galenson Economic Historian googles and think of it as an economic efficiency problem .
Indentured servitude , like student loans , are a form of consumption smoothing .
And one thing that is needed for consumptions smoothing is good information about the future .
Learning Your Earning
Here 's a graph from University of Minnesota macroeconomist Fatih Guvenen 's Learning Your Earnings :
Think of these two lines as a dial between perfect knowledge and no knowledge .
In this model , a consumer who knows what he 'll make over his or her life will consumption smooth ( perfect , or ' full ' , knowledge , flat consumption line ) ; one who is uncertain about what will happen next will rationally not .
So if you know exactly how much you 'll be making in the future , large loans are n't really a problem .
Now we are currently asking children , 17 , 18 or 19 years old , to try and assess how much of a student loan debt burden they can handle vis-a - vis their future income over their entire lives .
But , especially compared to their grandparents , uncertainty is so much greater now .
The consumption smoothing line invokes a world where everyone with a college degree will get a stable , solid job with certainty ( and your employer will , of course , pick up the health care tab ) .
The person in the Wall Street Journal article almost certainly had no realistic idea for what would be awaiting her on the other side of the associate 's degree , and she misjudged this terribly .
And , from an efficiency point of view , it 's what makes this more perverse than the indentured servitude contract - people under indentured servitude had the job waiting for them .
The clock was ticking for the firms who had set up the contract , and they needed to get their value .
With student loans , they can sit there for decades , never dischargeable , always getting paid regardless of recession or job market .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The steady flow of recent Thom Yorke news continues with an exciting new development .
Yorke has posted on Radiohead 's blog that he has started a new band to perform his solo material .
The band ( pictured above ) consists of himself , Radiohead producer Nigel Godrich , Beck / R.E.M. drummer Joey Waronker , percussionist / multi- instrumentalist Mauro Refosco , and ... Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea .
Yes , Flea .
Two shows have been scheduled for the as - yet - unnamed band : October 4 and 5 at the Orpheum Theatre in Los Angeles .
Thom writes , " the set will not be very long cuz .. well ... we have n't got that much material yet ! "
The only question is : will Flea keep his shirt on ?
Get the full info here .
Advertising Lab : Hype Cycle 2009 : Augmented Reality , 3D TV on the Rise
ガートナーによる新興技術ハイプサイクルの２００９年版レポートがリリースされた。詳しい内容はお金を払わないと読めないけれど，グラフになんとなく目を通すだけでも面白い。現時点において，どの技術が過大評価の時期にあり，どの技術が「枯れた」段階にあるかを，ある程度客観的な視点で見ることができる（あくまでもガートナーの視点であることは忘れずに！）。
このグラフには日米間の温度差も現れているように思える。例えば，日本では電子書籍
( E - Book ) は北米ほど盛り上がっていないし，３Ｄプリンティングに関してもそれほどホットな扱いを受けていないと感じられる。逆に，移動ロボットの分野は介護ロボットの需要などから海外よりも「ハイプな状態」にあるように思えるし，３Ｄフラットパネルディスプレイなども坂の中盤ぐらいまで登っているような気がする。
現段階で曲線のふもとにある技術なども，名前を覚えておくといいかもしれない。
Human Augmentation ― 人間強化なんてどうだろう。日本ではともかくとして，アメリカでは軍事用途のために開発が続けられるだろうから，海外からのニュースでこれらの名前を目にする機会が増えてくるかもしれない。
If you like the U.S. right wing and want to see its ruling philosophy in action in its purest form , look no further than the cruel , failing state of Mexico .
The Republican - style , conservative government in Mexico has always favored the wealthy ruling elite , with no real policies to improve its almost nonexistent middle class .
The salient characteristic of the Mexican economy is inequality .
" Mexico contains one of the greatest , most obscene gulfs between its wealthiest and most destitute citizens of all the nations on the planet , " ( Mexico Unconquered , John Gibler ) .
This gap between the haves and the have - nots has a past reaching back through centuries of history .
It 's a tradition where a ruling Spanish elite took power and forever retained its conservative , right - wing reign over the country , much to its detriment .
The Mexican ruling class with its authoritarian theocracy , like the Republican Party in the U.S. today , has always been populated with the privileged making policy decisions , those who , for their own profit , widened the economic gap intentionally and continue to push its divide .
" The privatization process created a new class of super - rich in Mexico .
In 1991 , the country had two billionaires on the Forbes list .
By 1994 , at the end of Mr. Salinas 's six - year term , there were 24 , " ( " The Secrets of the World 's Richest Man , " D. Luhow , The Wall Street Journal , August 4 , 2007 ) .
In the U.S. the Republicans would prefer to privatize practically every aspect of the government , including even the military , as is shown in their penchant for billion dollar contracts with Blackwater , and their disgust for public healthcare .
Considering its history and economic impact , the so - called " war on drugs " is not a war at all �it is the use of law enforcement agencies , and the military , to regulate an overwhelming underground market which operates as one of the purest forms of free market enterprise .
The demand for the products is unstoppable .
The drug industry in Mexico enables millions of people to survive and to crawl out of the abject poverty that the conservative , right - wing Mexican government created for them by economic policies enriching only more millionaires in the elite , ruling class than ever before .
The illegal drug lords prosper so well as to afford employing not only the Mexican police as well as the army but also the Special Forces units , luring them with higher salaries than their meager government paychecks .
The greed that motivates the drug merchants resembles the " sow 's ear , " a phrase that Adam Smith coined to characterize the worst aspects of capitalism for which he , and later John Keynes , called for government intervention " to transform the sow's ear into a silk purse . "
In the case of illegal drug trade , there is no such " silk purse , " a metaphor for how government regulation tames humanity 's bestial greed to yield the highest benefits for all of society .
The obvious result of this " sow's ear " policy , favoring the wealthy , is the currently failing state of Mexico .
We read news reports daily about criminal , violent avarice in most every aspect of Mexican society , including more casualties in the drug wars than the fallen U.S. soldiers in Iraq .
And this extreme self - interest has also become a prominent feature in U.S. culture , where high - ranking political leaders such as G.W. Bush and Dick Cheney lied to the American public in order to wage a preemptive war where they granted no -bid contracts to select corporations ( e.g. , Blackwater , Halliburton , and others ) that returned the favor with lavish campaign contributions .
Bestial Greed Not Contained at the Mexican Border
One of their favored CEOs was Bush 's former classmate at Yale , Steve Schwarzman of the Blackstone Group , who paid Bush $ 1.2 million in campaign contributions as tribute for Bush having brokered a $ 4 billion investment in Schwarzman 's Group .
For their own benefit , Bush and his GOP lied to allow banks complete freedom to sell high - interest - rate mortgages and push consumer credit to middle - class Americans who obviously could not afford them .
Ameriquest , one of the nation 's largest mortgage banks , paid Bush and his GOP $ 7.8 million as tribute for having promoted the Ownership Society initiative , marketing it as a means for poor people to own their own home .
Despite its lofty title , the policy only enabled Ameriquest and the rest of the mortgage industry to act like sharks in a collective feeding frenzy , selling more loans that increased the prices of homes , inflating the housing bubble until it burst into a national financial failure with unemployment and foreclosure rates higher than those during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
Meanwhile in television news interviews , Dick Cheney often said , " Our economy is robust , " the strongest in the world because of its free enterprise system .
In the U.S. the Republican Party has made it clear in its unified , well coordinated messages that it calls for small or no government intervention , except in military matters that benefit large defense contractors .
In step with the GOP policy , Bush cut tax revenues by $ 1.3 trillion in a war - time economy , creating a rapidly deepening deficit while 33 % of those tax cuts favored the top 1 % of the wealthiest people .
The result of these policies merely allowed that top 1 % to become richer without benefiting the larger part of society .
This " sow 's ear " policy is based on the theory that if government allows more wealth to rich capitalists , they will use the money wisely to benefit the general well - being of the country .
As Dick Cheney explained during a television interview :
" We are generally not enthusiastic about big tax increases .
Big tax increases impose burdens on the economy , and the money being taken out of the hands of private citizens and spent by government , and government oftentimes does n't spend it nearly as efficiently or as effectively from the standpoint of long - term economic growth and the creation of jobs and so forth as will the private sector . "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Jori Bennett and her family plan to move to the United Kingdom to be closer to relatives
Michael Jackson ’s personal physician was identified as a suspect in the Los Angeles Police Department ’s manslaughter investigation into the pop star ’s death , according to court records filed Thursday in Houston .
A pair of search warrants filed in Harris County District Court stated that investigators were looking for “ items constituting evidence of the offense of manslaughter that tend to show that Dr. Conrad Murray committed the said criminal offense . ”
The searches , which were carried out Wednesday at Murray ’s medical clinic and storage unit in Houston , gave authorities access to billing records , medication orders , shipping receipts , billing receipts , medical records and “ implements and instruments used in the commission of a crime . ”
The court records were the first public confirmation by police that Murray was a focus of their probe .
Detectives previously had interviewed Murray , but had declined to identify him as a suspect .
Advertisement
“ I do not know what they are looking for , and I can’t possibly tell you how anything they took in any way connects with the death of Michael Jackson , ” said Murray ’s attorney , Edward Chernoff , who was present at both of the searches .
Chernoff has said that his client did not give Jackson any narcotics or other medication that “ should have ” caused his death .
Acting on behalf of the LAPD , a member of the Houston Police Department ’s narcotics division obtained the search warrant for Murray ’s Houston office on Monday from a Harris County District Court judge .
They searched the office for 3 1/2 hours Wednesday , confiscating a computer , a Rolodex card with FedEx information and e-mails from one of Murray ’s former employees .
Advertisement
The inventory of items taken in the search included vials of two drugs : 27 tablets of phentermine , a prescription appetite suppressant ; and one tablet of clonazepam , a muscle relaxant .
During that search , authorities also seized public storage receipts , a rental agreement and a move - in receipt .
Sue Lyon , general manager of West 18th Street Self Storage , where Murray has rented a 10 - by - 15 - foot storage unit since April , said authorities found information about her company at Murray ’s office , then sought the second search warrant .
“ They found my business card , ” Lyon said .
“ That ’s how they put it together .
They came straight over here . ”
Among the items seized from the storage unit were two computer hard drives , a medical board certificate , letters to a former employee , a list of contacts and papers pertaining to his practice .
On the search warrant return and inventory , authorities listed a suspension notice from a Houston hospital .
They also took letters from the Internal Revenue Service , a Texas Department of Public Safety controlled substance registration and public records from the Texas controller .
Advertisement
An administrative assistant at Doctors Hospital in Houston confirmed that Murray has been suspended from practicing at the hospital .
The offense was “ very much ” routine and minor , she said .
Murray , a cardiologist with practices in Las Vegas and Houston , had been hired to care for Jackson at a monthly salary of $ 150,000 .
Murray was at Jackson ’s home and found the singer not breathing June 25 .
He administered CPR before paramedics were called .
The singer was officially pronounced dead at UCLA Medical Center .
Sources familiar with the investigation have said that authorities removed propofol , a powerful anesthetic , and other medications from Jackson ’s home .
Murray ’s attorney has declined to comment on whether the doctor administered the drug , which is most commonly used by anesthesiologists in hospitals .
L.A. County coroner ’s investigators have collected evidence from two other medical professionals who worked with Jackson before his death .
Advertisement
Earlier this week , Ed Winter , assistant chief coroner , obtained information from Dr. Randy Rosen , an anesthesiologist .
Winter told The Times that Jackson had been treated at Rosen ’s Beverly Hills office but declined to say under what circumstances .
Jackson ’s second child was delivered at the facility , according to birth records .
Rosen ’s office did not return calls seeking comment .
On Wednesday , Winter visited the Inglewood office of Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse who operates a Los Angeles - based nutritional counseling business .
Lee said Jackson had complained to her earlier this year of insomnia and pleaded for her to get him propofol .
Lee told The Times she never prescribed or gave Jackson drugs , but did design a nutritional program for him , which she provided to Winter .
She said she warned Jackson against using propofol .
--
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
Advertisement
harriet.ryan@latimes.com
Times staff writers Richard Winton and Andrew Blankstein contributed to this report .
Big media will often give a lot of attention to huge architectural projects like towers in Dubaï or Shanghai .
In this list , I ’d like to give some exposure to some more human - scaled cool houses .
Wonderful alpine hut by slovenian architecture studio Ofis Arhitekti .
Sleek and minimalist approach to adaptable living , created by dRMM studio .
Reflection of Mineral has received wide architecture and design media attention and numerous international awards , it was designed by architect Yasuhiro Yamashita .
4. Byron Bay House
Located on one of the most famous australian beaches , this house combines eco-friendly materials with modern architecture , by McKay + Partners LLP .
For the nomads out there , the wonderful prefab hangar .
6. Swiss Chalet
The perfect place to spend some time isolated from the world .
7. Tea house
A tea house in Prague , great work by A1 Architects .
Not revolutionary , but a nice house by Atelier V .
A house with a view , make sure you take a look at the development on their website .
When building your home becomes an opportunity to change your lifestyle , architecture by Shelter .
Lovely renovation of a wooden house .
12 . Camouflage house
How about a house that really integrates with the environment ?
A beautiful house in an amazing place .
Superb house by Molnar Freeman studio .
15 . Taylor Smith architects
You got to love the display of the wooden structure .
Pretty impressive house , looks like it ’s about to fall .
Residence based in Nagano , with a tea room located in the tower .
A house from Poland covered with grass .
Awesome integration to the landscape for this home in British Colombia .
21 . Eggo -House
A garden anyone would want to have .
Futuristic architecture from Japan .
Modern design with amazing views .
A beautiful glass home with a tower in Krakow , Poland .
25 . House with an outdoor home theater
An outdoor home theater on a house , who would n’t want it ?
Reaction to FCC chairman Julius Genachowski's decision to create net neutrality rules rolled in all day , but not everyone is happy .
A Republican senator announced Monday afternoon that she has introduced a bill that would stop the FCC from spending money on new regulatory mandates .
Reaction to FCC chairman Julius Genachowski's decision to create net neutrality rules rolled in all day , but not everyone is happy .
A Republican senator announced Monday afternoon that she has introduced a bill that would stop the FCC from spending money on new regulatory mandates .
" I am deeply concerned by the direction the FCC appears to be heading , " Kay Bailey Hutchison , a Republican , said in a statement .
" These new regulatory mandates and restrictions could stifle investment incentives . "
Hutchison added an amendment to an Interior Appropriations bill that would ban the FCC from spending money to craft and implement regulatory changes .
It is co-sponsored by Senators John Ensign of Nevada , Sam Brownback of Kansas , David Vitter of Louisiana , Jim DeMint of South Carolina , and John Thune of South Dakota , all Republicans .
The wireless industry , meanwhile , is questioning whether it should be included in the chairman 's net neutrality rules at all .
Genachowski on Monday proposed an official rulemaking that would make two additions to the FCC's Internet policy principles , a set of four principles released by the agency in 2005 that serve as a framework for broadband Internet access .
The first addition would prevent ISPs from discriminating against particular Internet content or applications , while allowing for reasonable network management .
The second addition would ensure that ISPs are transparent about network management .
The rules , he said , would apply to all types of Internet access  including wireless .
" The principles I 've been speaking about apply to the Internet however accessed , and I will ask my fellow Commissioners to join me in confirming this , " Genachowski said .
" The rulemaking process will enable the Commission to analyze fully the implications of the principles for mobile network architectures and practices  and how , as a practical matter , they can be fairly and appropriately implemented . "
The CTIA , which represents the wireless industry , voiced concern about the " unintended consequences " of regulating the mobile space .
" Unlike the other platforms that would be subject to the rules , the wireless industry is extremely competitive , extremely innovative , and extremely personal , " Chris Guttman - McCabe , vice president of regulatory affairs for CTIA , said in a statement .
Guttman - McCabe questioned how the move would affect " the efforts from Apple and Android , Blackberry and Nokia , Firefly and others to differentiate the products and services they develop for consumers ?
Should all product and service offerings be the same ? " he asked .
AT&T said it has similar concerns .
The company voiced support for an open Internet , but warned against regulatory intervention in a healthy market .
AT&T would " be very disappointed if [ the FCC ] has already drawn a conclusion to regulate wireless services despite the absence of any compelling evidence of problems or abuse that would warrant government intervention , " Jim Cicconi , AT&T 's senior executive vice president of external and legislative affairs , said in a statement .
" Sprint Nextel agrees with Chairman Genachowski that consumers are well served by an open Internet , " a spokesman for Sprint added .
" That 's why we offer consumers open handsets and have long worked with independent software developers who want to create applications for Sprint handsets .
It 's also why we 're investing in the technology and deploying an open 4G network . "
AT&T and CTIA also accused the FCC of a " bait and switch " when it comes to spectrum .
In March 2008 , AT&T spent $ 6.6 billion on 227 licenses of 700 MHz spectrum , licenses that were not included in the open - access C Block .
AT&T made its purchases " with specific assurances that it was not encumbered with such [ open - access ] regulations , " Cicconi wrote .
" For the FCC to now place such requirements on that spectrum could raise questions about the fairness and integrity of the auction process itself . "
Though the Democratic commissioners issued their support for the plan , the Republican commissioners were not as pleased .
They questioned whether Genachowski's announcement effectively invalidates last year 's Comcast decision .
" Curiously , today 's speech appears to admit that the Commission did not have enforceable rules at the time of last year 's Comcast / BitTorrent decision while the Commission simultaneously files its appellate brief defending that decision , " Robert McDowell and Meredith A. Baker said in a joint statement .
Last year , the FCC handed down an enforcement action against Comcast for unreasonable network management based on its Internet policy principles .
Comcast argued that the principles were unenforceable because they had not gone through the official FCC rulemaking procedure , but the FCC , under former chairman Kevin Martin , was undeterred .
Comcast is appealing the enforcement action .
In a Monday blog post , Comcast said it supports and honors the FCC 's policy principles .
Comcast is appealing the enforcement action , it said , " because the former FCC leadership simply handled the matter improperly . "
Comcast rival Time Warner Cable said Genachowski's plan was " well thought out . "
" There is nothing in the contents of it that we disagree with .
We look forward to being an active participant in the process to determine what ' reasonable network management ' is , " the company said in a statement .
Free Press , which brought the network management complaint against Comcast , was pleased with the plan .
" The debate over net neutrality at times has felt like a marathon , but today the finish line is in sight , " said Josh Silver , executive director of Free Press .
" Chairman Genachowski 's speech today shows the FCC intends to follow through on President Obama 's pledge to protect the free and open Internet . "
What 's next ?
Genachowski will unveil the specifics of his plan at the commission 's October meeting .
In the meantime , there is legislation pending in Congress that would require the FCC to keep a watchful eye on ISPs .
Rep. Edward Markey , the Massachusetts Democrat sponsoring that bill , issued his support for Genachowski's plan , but said he will still pursue his legislation .
" Rules put forward by the commission in this area would be a key complement to the bill that Chairman Waxman , Congresswoman Eshoo and I are advancing to codify these vital protections for consumers and innovators , " Markey said .
Court was back in session Thursday in Arizona with Judge Redfield T. Baum overseeing a two - day auction to determine which of two bidders will own the Phoenix Coyotes : Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie or the NHL — or shockingly , neither .
Balsillie , the co-CEO of Research in Motion Ltd. , maker of the BlackBerry smartphone , has offered $ 242.5 million US for the bankrupt franchise , contingent on relocating it in Hamilton .
The NHL has countered with a bid of $ 140 million amid claims that Balsillie is ineligible to participate in the bidding process because the league 's board of governors rejected his application for ownership by a vote of 26 - 0 with three abstentions ( Buffalo Sabres , Pittsburgh Penguins and Toronto Maple Leafs ) .
" There is a third possibility here — no sale , " Baum said , much to the surprise of stunned onlookers in Courtroom 703 .
" It is more than theoretical .
You all ought to keep that in mind . "
If unsold at auction , the franchise presumably would be dissolved and all assets sold off with the players shipped elsewhere in a dispersal draft .
Bettman to take stand
Both Balsillie and NHL commissioner Gary Bettman were scheduled to take the stand on Friday , but the court was told Thursday that Balsillie would n't need to testify .
" Nhl + glendale say they have no cross exam for Balsillie so he will not take the stand tmrrw , " Hockey Night In Canada Radio host Jeff Marek said on Twitter .
[ Balsillie 's lawyer Jeffrey ] Kessler , however , will have at bettman . "
Asked what he can expect from the flamboyant Kessler , who Marek likened to " a pit bull on a pork chop , " Bettman said : " Mr. Kessler took my deposition in this case and we go back a long time together .
I think we have both been in the sports and legal business for about 30 years .
Actually , I think he has probably taken my deposition more than once . "
After the NHL and PSE Sports & Entertainment — the company Balsillie formed to pursue the Coyotes — confirmed their bids , no other parties stepped forward to enter the fray .
" Record reflects no other bidders , " Marek tweeted from the courtroom .
The league entered into the bidding about two weeks ago when Jerry Reinsdorf , owner of the Chicago Bulls and White Sox , withdrew his $ 148 - million bid , citing an inability to reach an agreement with the City of Glendale — the Phoenix suburb where the Coyotes play .
Ice Edge Holdings LLC , a group of American and Canadian businessmen committed to keeping the team in Phoenix if it played five games in Saskatoon , pulled out Wednesday .
NHL lawyer Shepard Goldfein revealed Thursday in court that Toronto Argonauts co-owners David Cynamon and Howard Sokolowski were involved in the Ice Edge bid and Coyotes head coach Wayne Gretzky , too , having agreed to accept a pay cut from $ 8 million to $ 2 million .
CBC Coverage Follow the riveting exchanges and drama from Thursday 's hearing in CBCSports.ca's live chat replay featuring Tom Harrington of CBC News and HNIC Radio host Jeff Marek from the Phoenix courtroom .
Be sure to rejoin our duo for more online chat live from the courtroom Friday beginning at 11:30 a.m. ET .
Also follow Harrington and Marek on Twitter and on CBC Newsworld .
NHL sets relocation fee at $ 127 million
Thursday 's agenda focused on the contentious issue of relocation , with former CFL commissioner Tom Wright first to take the stand .
Wright , who was paid $ 115,000 to prepare Balsillie 's application for relocation , told the court the City of Glendale is n't capable of supporting an NHL team , even a winning one , but Hamilton is .
" Wright says NHL's own reports suggested revenues could be generated at Copps [ Coliseum ] .
NHL objects but overruled , " CBC's Tom Harrington tweeted .
The matter of a relocation fee , to be paid the league for moving the team , was discussed next .
Two studies commissioned by the NHL proposed a fee ranging between $ 101 million and $ 195 million whereas Andrew Zimbalist , Balsillie 's expert , put it between $ 11.2 million and $ 12.9 million .
Zimbalist looked at the moves made by the Quebec Nordiques ( Denver ) and Hartford Whalers ( Raleigh ) in determining the range reached by PSE , but Goldfein said it should be 60 per cent of Balsillie 's initial offer or $ 127 million .
" A big number , " Baum said .
" But the relocation fee is not the most important legal issue that is going to be submitted to the court . "
Glendale rejects Balsillie bid
Balsillie increased his original bid of $ 212.5 million to $ 242.5 million on Monday and earmarked $ 50 million to Glendale to release the team from its 30 - year lease at Jobing.com Arena .
Balsillie 's offer is contingent on municipal officials accepting the offer by Sept. 30 , and the team moving to Hamilton as soon as possible .
" Given the two choices that we have , we 're prepared to put our lot in with the NHL , " Glendale lawyer William Baldiga said .
" It is not our preferred choice … [ but ] gives us the chance to mitigate our harm .
We vehemently reject the PSE bid . "
Jordan Kroop , a lawyer representing Coyotes majority owner Jerry Moyes among other debtors , argued the city is owed $ 500 million if the lease is broken .
Calling the lease " non-severable , " he said : " This case is about one thing — maximizing the value of the assets for the creditors . "
The NHL , which plans to keep the team in Phoenix for the time being , was admonished by the judge for its lack of a legitimate payment schedule for creditors .
" I cannot approve a bid I do n't understand , " said a visibly frustrated Baum .
Baum , who has overseen the case from the beginning and sifted through more than 1,000 documents , must rule on whether or not Balsillie can participate in the auction and , ultimately , the winner .
If Balsillie can — and wins — the NHL has vowed appeal and request a stay of sale .
If Balsillie cannot , he reportedly will file an antitrust lawsuit against the league .
Baum was expected to rule on the fate of the Coyotes at the conclusion of Friday 's session , but speculation is he will put off a final decision until a later date .
" In the final analysis , the judge will make a decision and we will all know what it is , " Bettman told reporters afterward .
" This is part of me being a lapsed lawyer .
I do n't like to second guess judges or prognosticate what they 're going to do .
" This is the judge 's procedure now .
He will render the decision and conduct the proceedings as he sees fit . "
Join CBCSports.ca for an online chat with Harrington and Marek live from the courtroom at 11:30 a.m. ET on Friday .
Police say the victims were involved in a plot to kill Gujarat 's chief minister .
A female student and three others were killed by police in a " staged " encounter in the Indian state of Gujarat , a judicial probe has found .
Ishrat Jahan Raza was one of four people shot dead by Gujarat police in 2004 on suspicion of being part of a banned Pakistani - based militant group .
Relatives maintained the victims were killed by police in a staged clash , commonly known as " fake encounters " .
Police in Gujarat have denied the allegation .
They say the victims were members of the banned Pakistani - based militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba .
But a judicial probe into the incident has named a senior Gujarat police officer , among others , in connection with the " cold - blooded murder " of the 19 - year - old student and three others .
The probe by judge SP Tamag said that police had " kidnapped " the student and three others in the city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) .
They were then taken to Ahmedabad , Gujarat 's main city , and killed in " police custody " , the probe said .
' Plot '
Ms Raza 's mother said she was happy that her daughter 's " innocence had been proved " .
" This is the first step towards towards justice .
We want to remove the stain that my daughter has been branded a terrorist , " Shamima Kausar said .
The four were killed in " police custody " , the probe said .
But the police claimed that they were killed in an " encounter " in Ahmedabad Human rights groups have repeatedly expressed concerns about so - called " fake encounters " whereby security forces are accused of unprovoked killings in staged clashes .
Police say that Ms Raza and the others who were killed were involved in a plot to kill the Chief Minister of Gujarat , Narendra Modi .
The Gujarat high court has appointed a committee of three senior policemen for a fresh investigation into the killings and asked it to submit its report by the end of November .
The four were driving near Ahmedabad airport when they were intercepted .
Later police in Mumbai said Ms Raza had no criminal background and had never been involved in any terrorist activity , as claimed by the police in Gujarat .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We prepare every case for trial to help us find the best resolution for you .
Our lawyers have more than 80 years of combined legal experience to handle cases involving Criminal Defense , including drunk driving offenses , drug crimes and white collar offenses .
We also have extensive experience handling Civil litigation , including business disputes .
We understand your needs and are committed to guiding you through your legal issue .
For sound legal advice you can trust , call us at 513- 321 5297 or contact us online .
Attorneys
Many of our lawyers are former prosecutors or police officers .
Our knowledge of the criminal justice system helps us understand the intricate issues in your case and what options are available to achieve the best resolution .
Located in Cincinnati , we Read more
Contact
Your legal case is your biggest concern .
We understand your concern and will guide you through the entire legal process .
You can contact us using the phone number below or take some time and fill out our online form .
If Read more
Really ?
-------------------------------------------
" August 18 , 2009
Mario Wynands
Tyrone McAuley
Andy Satterthwaite
Gentlemen :
We represent William Shatner and it has come to our attention that you are planning to develop or have already developed and will soon place on the market for commercial sale a digital game utilizing our client 's name and likeness as well as infringing on both Paramount 's rights to the character " Captain Kirk " and Bob Dylan 's rights to the song " Mr. Tambourine Man . "
See the site below :
Click here : Game Console - Krog : Sidhe Interactive to release ' Shatner ' mod
Please be advised that you are to immediately cease and desist the further development , production , and or distribution of the game SHATNER or any other product that uses William Shatner s name or likeness without first obtaining his approval .
We have notified both Paramount and Bob Dylan 's representative of your intentions .
Please confirm receipt of this e-mail and your response to so cease and desist .
Failure to do so will leave us no alternative but to commence legal proceedings .
Sincerely ,
***************"
-------------------------------------------
* sigh *
Okay then , I 'll play .
-------------------------------------------
" Hi Mr **************,
Thank you for your email .
The GameConsole " report " you reference is what is commonly referred to on the internet as a " joke " .
The article is a parody of our game , and has no basis in reality in that it does not in any way reflect our intentions for further development of the Shatter IP or relate to any official statement we have made relating to the game .
We have the upmost respect for Mr William Shatner and the licensing process , and if we had any intent of using rights related to either Mr Shatner , Star Trek , or Tambourine Man ( which we do not ) we would do so using the appropriate channels .
Please respond acknowledging your receipt and understanding of this message , and confirming you have notified both Paramount and Bob Dylan 's representatives of your misunderstanding .
Regards
Mario Wynands
Managing Director
Sidhe "
BAGHDAD  Late July and early August is date harvesting season in Iraq , when within the span of a few weeks the desert sun turns hard green spheres into tender , golden brown fruit prized for its sweetness .
But here in Iraq , one of the places where agriculture was developed more than 7,000 years ago , there are increasing doubts about whether it makes much sense to grow dates  or much of anything for that matter .
As recently as the 1980s , Iraq was self - sufficient in producing wheat , rice , fruits , vegetables , and sheep and poultry products .
Its industrial sector exported textiles and leather goods , including purses and shoes , as well as steel and cement .
But wars , sanctions , poor management , international competition and disinvestment have left each industry a shadow of its former self .
Slowly , Iraq ’s economy has become based almost entirely on imports and a single commodity .
“ Ninety - five percent of the government ’s revenues come from oil , ” said Ghazi al - Kenan , an Iraqi economist .
“ And while they are trying to attract investment in the private sector , Iraq finds itself in very difficult circumstances  without sufficient electricity , machinery and a drought . ”
Global carbon emissions are expected to post their biggest drop in more than 40 years this year as the global recession froze economic activity and slashed energy use around the world .
The decline comes as political leaders are struggling to come up with a common approach to dealing with climate change .
The main factor behind this year ’s drop in emissions is the slowdown in industrial activity and trade around the world , according to a study due to be released in November by the International Energy Agency .
But the energy agency , which provides policy advice and research to industrialized nations , found that government actions had also contributed to the drop in emissions .
The agency said it expected to see global carbon emissions fall 2.6 percent this year .
-- former British health minister Dr. Lord Ara Darzi
Now , the disingenuousness here is splendid .
When it comes to health care horror stories , heart - wrenching stories of people falling through the cracks , or rather crevices , of the system , it 's hard to believe anyone in the developed world can match ours .
Just think , before the so - called " health care debate " began , do you recall going as long as a day without hearing yet another story of someone who suffered irreparable harm from our mess of a " system " ?
actual
In fact , the NPR folks are so obsessed with balance that lately it has seemed to me that Morning Edition has been scrupulously " balancing " the health care debate with a seemingly uninterrupted series of arguments from the deniers " countering " arguments that sure have n't been made while I was listening .
Partly , of course , it 's hard for anybody to be lobbying " for " the health care reform plan when there is n't one .
There are only the bills in various stages of markup before the five committees that have jurisdiction , plus a whole lot of noise from us out here in the peanut gallery .
( Of course that does n't stop the liars and loonies of the Right from attacking " the Obama plan , " or " Obamacare , " when even now we do n't know what the president believes in , or wants , or insists on by way of health care reform -- not to mention what he 's prepared to go to the mat for . )
Nevertheless , for a long while on Morning Edition we seemed to be getting a daily diet of interested parties attacking one aspect or another of " the plan . "
It could be my imagination , or it could be that somebody there noticed the same thing , but lately we seem to be hearing from " our " side .
And yesterday the ME team did a nice job on the hatchet job that the health care deniers have been doing on the NHS .
There was a report on the obscure Tory MP who lent his voice to the movement until he was shut up by his own Conservative Party leader .
And then there was an interview with Dr. Lord Ara Darzi , a prominent surgeon and health care expert .
You can hear the interview on the NPR website , but here is the official transcript , with just a couple of highlights -- rebuttals of a couple of the blatant lies -- highlighted :
STEVE INSKEEP , host :
The defenders of Britain 's system include Lord Ara Darzi .
He is a prominent surgeon who just finished his stint as a minister in Britain 's Department of Health .
He admits British health care is imperfect .
Still , he says , it 's a fairly straightforward system .
Dr. LORD ARA DARZI ( British Government Advisor , Britain 's National Health Service ) : Every patient , or a member of public in England , are registered with a primary care physician .
You go and see your general practitioner .
Your general practitioner will refer you on and the cost of that referral and the payment of that hospital is made by this local insurer , which we call primary care trust .
The payment is made by a single payer .
INSKEEP : Single payer , the government , end of story .
Dr. DARZI : Yeah .
INSKEEP : There had been some reforms in the National Health Service in recent years , and that makes me wonder what it is that went wrong that needed reforming .
Dr. DARZI : Well , the National Health Service has not just come through a reform .
It 's come through a complete transformation over the last eight years .
We did have patients on waiting lists for their operations for a long period of time .
We certainly did have shortages of doctors or nurses .
And the expenditure in health , back in the year 2000 was 37 billion pounds , roughly $ 70 billion .
INSKEEP : Mm-hmm .
Dr. DARZI : The expenditure now is 110 billion pounds .
That 's near enough $ 200 billion .
The NHS in itself has grown by about a third , employing new doctors , new nurses , new hospitals .
So , a lot has changed and a lot of the stories that I certainly heard over the last couple of weeks , which is being debated , are the stories of the past .
INSKEEP : So , you got to the year 2000 and found that the government - run system had just not kept up with the needs of the British public .
The spending was not sufficient , the number of doctors available were not sufficient , and the wait for particular kinds of treatment was just out of control .
That 's what was happening and that 's what you tried to fix , fundamentally .
Lord DARZI : That 's correct .
You know , the NHS , the last decade is a different NHS from the NHS the decade before .
INSKEEP : Well , let me get to a specific example that 's been cited this month here in the United States .
Senator Charles Grassley , a Republican who is deeply involved in health care negotiations , raised concerns about moving the United States anywhere near what Britain has because of an example of a fellow senator of his .
Let 's listen :
Senator CHARLES GRASSLEY ( Republican , Iowa ) : I 've been told that the brain tumor that Senator Kennedy has , because he 's 77 years old , would not be treated the way it 's treated in the United States .
In other words , they say , well , he does n't have long to live , even if he'd live another four or five years .
They 'd say , well , we 've got to spend the money on people that have more , can contribute more to the economy .
INSKEEP : Okay .
Does the British system make that kind of distinction ?
Here 's an older fellow , you 've got this treatment that you could give him but it would n't add massively to his life expectancy , so we 'll deny that .
Do you do that ?
Lord DARZI : Well , I 'm sorry to say that 's the most ludicrous thing I 've heard .
I 've heard that written down but I 've never heard it in real speech .
And the answer to that is absolutely no .
INSKEEP : So , Grassley 's comment is based on nothing , so far as you can say ?
Lord DARZI : Absolutely -- not just false , these are lies which have been used to set fear against reform .
INSKEEP : Ted Kennedy goes to Britain , he 's a British citizen , he 's going to get full treatment and that treatment is going to be fully paid for .
Is that what you 're saying ?
Lord DARZI : Absolutely , irrespective of the tumor type as well .
INSKEEP : Let me play another clip , if I might .
This comes from an ad that 's been running nationwide in the United States , an ad campaign produced by a conservative political action group called The Club for Growth .
And they show on the screen , an image of an old man who is mourning in a hospital bed .
( Soundbite of ad )
Unidentified Man :
Twenty - two thousand , seven hundred fifty dollars : in England , government health officials decided that 's how much six months of life is worth .
Under their socialized system , if a medical treatment costs more , you 're out of luck .
That 's wrong for America .
INSKEEP : That 's an ad from the Club for Growth .
And just to be clear : is there a meter by the bed , in effect , in Britain , and if health care gets too expensive for an individual , you cut him off ?
Lord DARZI : Absolutely not .
Again , it 's the most ludicrous thing I 've heard .
And I 'm just giving an example : the life expectancy in the U.K. is actually longer than it is in the U.S .
INSKEEP : But if somebody gets into a particularly difficult medical situation and treatment is particularly expensive , do you ever get to a circumstance where you say , we 're just not going to pay for that treatment anymore ?
Lord DARZI : Absolutely not .
I 'm not standing up here and saying we have the best health care system that you should copy .
That 's not the intentions of me getting on the radio to you .
It 's -- I 'm making clear that what you 're hearing is not just false and distasteful , it 's just far from what I expected , someone in these senior political roles , to be disseminating fear against the system .
INSKEEP : Lord Darzi , thanks very much .
Lord DARZI : My pleasure .
INSKEEP : Lord Ara Darzi is a former minister in Britain 's Department of Health and a surgeon at St. Mary 's Hospital in London .
The coalition of the medical - industrial complex and the birthers and health care deniers and assorted other teabaggers are confident that the American people are jibbering idiots who can be whipped up into a lather of terror and rage by a massive enough campaign of lies .
#
The coalition of the medical - industrial complex and the birthers and health care deniers and assorted other teabaggers are confident that the American people are jibbering idiots who can be whipped up into a lather of terror and rage by a massive enough campaign of lies .
Nevertheless , it is possible for the deniers to find a usable store of stories of people who have suffered under Canada 's single - payer system or Britain's .
Of course they 're usually ripped out of context .
In the case of the NHS , for example , the stories probably date back from the years when the Conservative governments of Margaret Thatcher and John Major basically starved the system , on the apparent theory that God 's plan for people who can't afford proper health care is suffering and death .
Still , I understood Luntz to be suggesting usingstories , however carefully torn from context and spun .
I do n't believe he was advocating what the deniers are doing : .
( Or maybe he thought it went without saying that truth was n't a requirement , and so he did n't need to say it ? ) I mention the British system because it was American right - wing lies about the NHS that set me off yesterday on a new round of thinking about the all - lies - all - the - time mindset that is now the Right 's political theology as well as the centerpiece of its strategy book .
I was a bit surprised to hear recently from someone who spends a lot of time in the precincts we here atcall " Inside the Beltway " that a lot of the people who infest the halls of government listen to NPR when they 're in their cars moving around as well as to and from the hallowed District .
Of course they know better than the preposterous shibboleth that NPR is a hotbed of liberal propaganda .
A great drum sound is the core of a great mix .
If the drums sound fantastic , you ’re off to a great start .
If the drums are n’t working , will sound as good as it should .
This is the first of several posts I have planned on drums , and I ’m starting at the beginning – how to mic up a drum kit .
Obviously there ’s no one right answer to this , it depends on the kit , the room , the player and the material .
But I ’m going to suggest ten techniques that in my experience will help you record the best drum sound you can .
You might want to check out my post 10 Rules For Achieving Outstanding Music Mixes , too – taking special note of points 2 and 4 :
Before starting recording you need a decent kit , and a decent space to record it in .
Otherwise you ’ll be fighting an uphill battle from the outset .
There are basically two ways to record drums – using the overheads for an overall sound and supporting it with close mics , or building the kit up from individual close mics and using the overheads mainly for cymbals .
Personally , I use as few mics as possible whenever I can .
Especially for an open , live sound , you can sometimes get a great result even using just kick , snare and overheads .
So , without further ado :
Start with the overheads
Put up a stereo pair and see how the kit sounds .
Are you getting a good , balanced result ?
If so , use it !
This only works with decent players – if someone is n’t hitting the toms hard enough , or is overdoing the cymbals , you ’ll have to get more surgical .
Decide early on if you want to use the overall sound of the kit from the overheads , or if you need to get more separation .
“ Overheads ” do n’t need to be overhead
If you like the overall sound of the kit , but it just sounds a little unbalanced , do n’t be afraid to move the overhead mics .
If you plan to filter out all the bass and build up the rest of the kit drum by drum , then fine – put them right over the cymbals .
But do n’t just set it and forget it – experiment with the overheads in front of the kit , parallel with the toms , and even behind the player pointing at the drum skins .
Listen , and put them where they sound right .
Tape cheap PZMs to the wall
One step further from the last point – if the drums sound good in the room , try using PZM ( pressure - zone mics ) taped to the wall in front of the kit , to capture just that quality .
PZMs are ( often very inexpensive ) mics which can give excellent , spacious results on all kinds of instruments .
Even if you just blend in a little to add a live feel to a close - miced kit , this can be a great technique .
Mic close and steep
There are several schools of thought on this , but I have always found that it ’s best to point the individual mics almost straight down into the drums – say at 70 degrees or so – this way you get the most weight and body to the sound .
You can use the overheads to get the more open sound of the kit and of the sticks hitting the skins – use single mics to get separation and punch .
Move the mic around the drum head
If a drum sounds good in the room but disappointing in the control room , move the mic .
An inch closer , an inch back , pointing more towards the centre of the skin , more to the edge – listen and find the sweet spot .
What does the drummer hear ?
Try putting a mic over the drummer ’s shoulder – after all this is where he makes his playing decisions from .
Along similar lines to point 3 , try heavily compressing this signal and feeding just a little into the mix – it can add great energy and feel .
Try micing the front of the kick Many kick drums have a hole in the back ( what you see as you look at the kit ) .
You can try sitting the mic there , or use it to get the mic right inside in front of the beater – or , you can ignore the hole and just mic up the drum skin from the front , as you would any other .
Often this gives a great , natural , punchy sound .
Listen , and choose what sounds best .
Forget about the hi-hat
This one is very personal to me , but to this day I ’ve never willingly used a hi-hat mic in a mix .
I always prefer to rely on the overheads .
There is often so much spill on the snare mic anyway that you ’re always trying to get rid of hi-hat , not add more !
But , maybe it ’s just me : )
Tune the kit I probably should have started with this point , but perhaps it ’s a little less interesting than the others .
However it ’s just as important , if not more so .
Tuning the kit is a whole blog post in itself and it ’s not something I can claim to be an expert on .
But briefly – the tuning of each drum is critical to it ’s sound .
If the skins are too slack or too tight , the drum wo n’t sound or ring as it should – and if the tension is uneven , you ’ll get very unpredictable results .
Tricks like adding tape or other damping materials to the skins are also useful .
Tune the recording space , too .
It should go without saying that you need a room where the drums sound good to record them in – but do n’t forget that you can have some influence over this .
If you ’re in a rehearsal studio where everything is carpeted , even the walls and sounds dead as a result – get some sheets of plywood in to add reflective surfaces .
If you ’re in a big concrete garage where everything is too bright and lively , add carpets , packing blankets and duvets – or even better , make yourself some gobos – more on this in a future post , too .
Get the world ’s greatest drummer .
Or even Lars Ulrich .
OK , not really .
But seriously , you do need a great drummer .
Oops , sorry , I said ten steps , did n’t I ?
Check the phase OK well the whole “ 10 steps ” thing is blown now so I might as well add this excellent suggestion from Danny in the comments .
When blending multiple mics , it ’s essential to make sure they are in phase with each other .
I think I ’ll do a whole post on phase , but the short version is :
(1) Add the new channel
(2) Toggle polarity reverse on the channel
(3) Pick whichever sounds fuller and stronger .
( If it sounds “ hollow ” , it ’s wrong )
(4) If neither sounds good , move the mic or patch in a delay
(5) Repeat , but listening in mono !
There are other , more outlandish ideas for getting great drum sounds , but I tend to save those for special occasions .
Stick to the suggestions I ’ve outlined here , use the best mics you can lay your hands on and Listen , Listen , Listen .
Wow .
We ’ve posted Cristiana Couceiro ’s work before — and even then we were certainly , well , familiar with her source material .
The piece was a part of her personal portoflio , and we wrote it off as a collage / homage to one of Canada ’s most recognizable logos .
This time , however , it looks as if Couceiro has used the CBC logo for actual client work — for Belgian beer brand Stella Artois .
Now , one could argue that Couceiro is simply using a series of red and yellow concentric circle segments that just happen to look like the CBC logo — were it not for the fact that if you look at the piece we posted in March , you ’ll see a definitive slice in the right side of the central circle , creating a ‘ C’ ( note that the slice is no longer visible in the Stella work ) .
Definitely a dead ringer for Burton Kramer ’s iconic ‘ exploding pizza ’ CBC logo .
Ironically , the Campaign title is “ Recyclage De Luxe ” , and the message below it reads “ Our cans are made of 50 % recycled aluminum ” .
But I ca n’t seem to find “ and our campaign was created using 50 % recycled logos ” anywhere .
[ UPDATED : This campaign was created by Mother London for Stella Artois and has been appearing throughout the London Underground . ]
Japanese men are said to be increasingly abandoning women in favour of relationships with their cats , and these men are being told they need to aim for untaken older women if they are to have any chance .
These “ cat loving men ” ( 猫好き男子 , or “ neko suki mens ” as the Engrish has it ) are now said to be a common fixture of neko cafes , and enjoying a steady increase in numbers .
Such men are said to treat women as they do cats , observing them quietly from afar without pursuing them for stroking action .
As such these men are branded a type of “ herbivorous ” man , concerned with harmonious relations and unlikely to pursue women .
These useless men are advised to pursue older women in their thirties , “ as most of the women past 30 with no lover are gone , they may have better luck here . ”
They may find a “ rare and exquisite bloom . ”
Naturally , 2ch has much to say about all this :
“ Getting rid of all those leftover women is hard , eh ? ” “ So you want them to marry some old biddythen . ”
“ WRONG : Cat men should aim for women over 30 .
RIGHT : Cat men , please take what ’s left over from the past it crowd . ”
“ Cats >>>>>>>>>>>>>
Women in thirties ” “ Overstock bargain sale ? ” “ Cat men should watch out for women in their thirties , is it ? ” “ I like cats , but old women are a bit … ”
“ I sometimes think it would be better to marry my cat .
Humans cost money and are a hassle … ”
“ Desperate to create a boom for the sake of these leftovers are n’t they ? ”
“ Cat lovers are a bit like lolicon really . ”
“ Cats totally won out in this thread . ”
“ Real woman vs Cat : ” “ Cats are cute even when they are old .
Women on the other hand … ”
Via Itai News .
The Principle of Maximal Aging - Capturing the Essence of Relativity
Newton 's first law : “ A free particle moves in a straight line and with constant velocity ”
Newton 's first law for flat spacetime : “ A free particle moves in a straight line ”
Newton 's first law for curved spacetime “ A free object takes the path of maximal aging ”
Ever wondered what is the longest path from A to B ?
I will give you a definite answer in a minute .
Stay tuned .
We first need to go back in our memories and remind ourselves what we learned in physics class .
Remember Newton 's first law ?
Einstein was not afraid to overhaul our most basic notions of space and time , but he carefully avoided touching Newton 's first law .
Rather he extended its application domain from three - dimensional space to full four - dimensional spacetime .
This allowed for an elegant and compact re-formulation :
It is thanks to the inclusion of time as the fourth dimension , that the constant velocity requirement can be omitted : it is implicit in the straight line constraint .
Einstein later realized that objects falling in gravitational fields can still be considered ' free ' objects .
And this meant that Newton 's first law should hold not only for objects freely moving in empty space , but also for all free fall motions of objects under gravitational influence .
It was just a matter of properly defining straight lines in curved spacetimes
In doing so , Einstein expanded the application range of Newton 's law far beyond what Newton could ever had imagined .
Forget parabolic trajectories , forget Kepler 's ellipses Baseballs move in straight lines away and back to the earth , and the earth moves in a straight line around the sun .
It is just a matter of viewing things from the right ( 4D spacetime ) perspective .
Having said that , for curved spacetime Einstein needed an operational definition of what constitutes a straight line .
In flat 3D space we have the Euclidean notion of distance , and a straight line from point A to point B can be defined as the path that minimizes the distance between A and B.
When Einstein worked out distances in 4D spacetime , something unexpected happened that is beautiful but at the same time weird .
The beautiful thing is that the path length in spacetime turned out to have a direct physical meaning .
The length of the spacetime path taken by an object equates to the aging of that object .
This indeed is a beautiful concept : the aging you undergo depends on the path you take , but as it equates to the path length , aging is an absolute and objective quantity agreed upon by all observers .
A very useful concept in a theory full of relativities !
The weird thing is that using this notion of aging as definition of distance results in straight lines in spacetime being defined not as paths of shortest length , but rather as paths of maximal length !
Putting this all together , Newton 's first law in its general - relativistic form reads : I do stretch things a bit when I refer to this ' principle of maximum aging ' as Newton 's first law .
Would this principle be revealed to Newton , there is no way that he would have recognized this as his own first law .
But that is what it is : Newton 's first law in its most fundamental form .
( Actually , we can move to even deeper truths by throwing in some quantum mechanics and things like Feynman path integrals , but prefer to leave this for another blog ! )
Now let 's analyze a simple example , and get a feel for how this all works .
Throw a stone vertically up in the air .
You observe it move up and down again back to earth .
( Make sure you step aside in time ! )
Why does the stone follow this particular path ?
Do n't tell me the force of gravity pulls te stone back to earth .
You should know better by now .
Yes , the stone follows the path of longest duration from spacetime event A ( launch ) to spacetime event B ( landing ) .
In this simple example you need to consider only a 2D cross-section of spacetime : make a plot of height versus time , and plot the trajectory of the stone .
You observe a perfect parabolic path ( red curve in figure ) .
Wait a second , is n't it obvious that the green path is much longer ?
Pardon me ?
Obvious ?
You are so indoctrinated by Eulid and his followers !
No , the green path is shorter .
Issue is that this path is hampered by rapid motions that slow down its aging ( remember : if you move fast your wristwatch starts ticking more slowly ) .
In fact , if the velocities along the green path ( related to the slope of the green curve in the figure ) become too large , the stone would become younger during portions of its flight !
Something seems wrong here .
If the red path is longer in terms of aging of the stone , would the blue path not be even longer then ?
The answer is again no .
The blue path does benefit from the rapid aging associated with slow motion , but fails to avoid the gravitational slowing down of clocks near the earth ( remember : your wristwatch moves slower the closer you are to a gravitational object like earth ) .
But still : this parabola seems so curved .
And yet it is plotted in spacetime plot .
Did n't you promise us straight lines in spacetime ?
You have a point there .
However , there is two issues to consider .
First , I have highly exagerated the space dimension ( height ) in this 2D spacetime plot .
The point is that whilst the stone travels perhaps a few seconds in time , it is not anywhere near to traveling a few lightseconds in height .
So a properly scaled plot would be much wider relative to the height .
Secondly , in this properly elongated plot you would need to capture the curvature due to gravitational time dilation .
If you modify the plot accordingly , the red curve will appear as a perfect straight line .
If you do the math ( which is actually not too difficult ) , you find that all fits nicely together : the path taken is a parabolic path that carefully compromises between going high to avoid gravitational time dilation , and going slow to avoid velocity related time dilation .
Further reading
Want to learn more about relativity ?
The book " Exploring Black Holes " by Edwin Taylor and John Wheeler presents General Relativity focussing on the principle of maximal aging .
Taylor actually coined the term " principle of maximal aging " .
--
And stay away from those rapid aging machines ! --
Bobcat in “ Disgrace ”
Bobcat Goldthwait is currently basking in the critical acclaim he ’s been receiving for his latest directorial effort , “ World ’s Greatest Dad , ” which he also wrote .
So what project does he have his eye on as a follow - up ?
Would you believe a musical version of the Kinks ’ 1975 album , Schoolboys in Disgrace ?
True story .
And this is n’t just an idle rumor , either : the Kinks ’ main man , Ray Davies , has already taken a meeting with Goldthwait about the concept .
“ Oh , man , it was totally ‘ The Chris Farley Show , ’ ” Goldthwait said of the conversation .
“ I was sweating , and I was , like , ‘ Remember when you did that album ?
That was cool . ’
And in the middle of it , I even told him that .
I said , ‘ Did you ever see that sketch with Chris Farley when he meets Paul McCartney ? ’
And he goes , ‘ Yeah . ’
‘ Well , that ’s what I ’m doing right now ! ’
And he goes , ‘ Do n’t worry , it ’s gonna be okay . ’ ”
It still took Davies a bit of time to warm up to Goldthwait ’s pitch , however .
“ I think he was confused , ” said Goldthwait .
“ He was asking , ‘ Well , who do you think would go see this as a movie ? ’
And I was , like , ‘ All the kids who fucking hate ‘ High School Musical . ’
And he smiled and kind of went , ‘ Okay . ’
And then he went and watched ‘ World ’s Greatest Dad , ’ and I got the thumbs up .
He said , ‘ Tell Bobcat to go ahead and write the script . ’ ”
Which is where the project stands at the moment .
In fact , it ’s in such early stages that it has n’t even been added to Goldthwait ’s IMDb page … and given how even the slightest rumor of a project generally ends up with its own listing , that ’s early .
But , of course , that does n’t mean that we ca n’t start throwing out casting ideas for “ Schoolboys . ”
I guess Alan Rickman ’s probably too overused in stern authoritarian roles these days to suggest that he play The Headmaster , so I ’m putting out left - field requests for Richard Ayoade , of “ The I.T. Crowd ” or Julian Barratt of “ The Mighty Boosh . ”
As for the various schoolboys , perhaps Skandar Keynes ( the “ Narnia ” films ) , Mike Bailey ( “ Skins ” ) , and Simon Bird ( “ The InBetweeners ” ) …?
And for the female student who ’ll make our naughty little schoolboy swoon , I ’m throwing my vote to Karen Gillan , otherwise known as the upcoming companion for the new Doctor Who .
Am I wrong …?
Feel free to offer up your own suggestions below , and be sure to check out our interview with the illustrious Mr. Goldthwait in full next week on Bullz - Eye.com !
On Thursday , Mr. Chávez said Latin Americans were inclined to think the best of the new American government , but questioned its lack of action to reverse the overthrow of President Manuel Zelaya in Honduras , as well as the government ’s military support of the Colombian government and its continuation of the 50 - year embargo against Cuba .
Image Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel displayed concentration camp plans in attacking the Holocaust denials of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran .
Credit ... Todd Heisler / The New York Times
“ Is there one Obama or is there two ? ” Mr. Chávez said , using variations of the line several times throughout his rambling , 60 - minute speech , well over the 15 - minute limit .
“ Let us hope that the one we heard yesterday will prevail . ”
Asked about his remark at a rowdy news conference afterward , Mr. Chávez insisted that he was not denigrating Mr. Obama .
“ I do n’t want to attack him personally , ” he said .
“ I do n’t want to say he is a fake . ”
In an address to the General Assembly earlier in the day , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel heatedly denounced President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran for frequently rejecting the Holocaust as a historical fact .
Mr. Netanyahu also spent considerable time denying that Israel had committed war crimes during its three - week military attack on Gaza last winter , as it was recently accused of doing in a report by a fact - finding mission from the Human Rights Council .
Continued from part 1 .
More beautiful little Hopi Rattlesnakes from our first outing in search of them .
Hopi Rattlesnake
Crotalus viridis
Crotalus viridis
Tags : arizona , crotalus viridis , hopi rattlesnake , nuntius , prairie rattlesnake
Federal Conservatives are splashing cold water on any political deal with the NDP to avert a fall election , with one senior cabinet minister deriding the party as a bunch of " hard - core left - wing ideologues . "
Immigration Minister Jason Kenney declared the Conservatives were not for sale to the highest bidder , " least of all the NDP . "
" It 's a party of hard - core left - wing ideologues .
It 's not like a moderate , centre - left party .
So I do n't think we can see a realistic arrangement with the NDP , " Kenney told Calgary radio host Dave Rutherford .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper was more diplomatic , though just as pessimistic yesterday that he could strike a deal with NDP Leader Jack Layton .
" If people want to work together on things that will help the economy , we 're willing to do that .
But we 've had no indication of that from Mr. Layton , " said Harper , during a stop in Sault Ste. Marie .
All this sudden gearing - up to election readiness comes after Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff declared that Liberals would no longer be helping Harper 's government stay in power .
A federal election this fall would be the fourth in just over five years .
Ignatieff said there 's no turning back on his party 's decision to no longer support the Conservatives .
" Just to make it clear , we 're not in negotiation here .
We did that in June , " Ignatieff said in Sudbury as a three - day party caucus meeting wrapped up .
Harper , who admitted he was " a little bit surprised by some of these developments , " now requires the support of either the Bloc Québécois or the NDP to keep his minority government alive .
And that could happen .
NDP Leader Jack Layton is scheduled to react today to the growing election speculation .
But his MPs have already said they might back the Conservatives if action is promised on the party 's priorities , which include measures to help seniors and the unemployed and regulate credit card rates .
Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe yesterday left the door open to supporting the government if it acts on issues important to Quebec .
" We will be voting based on the interests and values of Quebec , issue by issue , " Duceppe told a news conference .
He cited improved benefits for the unemployed , help for the battered forestry industry , concerns about Ottawa 's plan for a national securities regulator and applying a French - only language law to federal institutions in the province .
" I 'd be very surprised to see Mr. Harper support our positions .
However , if he wants to surprise me , he can do that , " he said .
And all this potential deal making could be put to the test sooner than expected .
While the opposition Liberals say they intend to introduce a non-confidence motion later this month or early next month , there are signs the Conservatives plan to test the resolve of the opposition parties the very week that Parliament resumes on Sept. 14 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
That 's when the Conservatives intend to introduce a motion to implement some measures contained in the March budget , including the home renovation tax credit .
That would put the Liberals in the position of having to vote against this popular rebate , although they 've already promised a Liberal government would keep the tax measure .
As well , the Conservatives , under pressure from the opposition to boost employment insurance , could also bring in reforms to sweeten the benefits that same week – and dare the opposition to vote against them .
The June negotiation between Harper and Ignatieff produced a working group on employment insurance reform , which appears now to be defunct .
Montreal MP Marlene Jennings said this week there was no sense in returning to the table because Conservatives were n't serious about presenting any substantial proposals .
Election - style Liberal TV ads will hit the airwaves next week , as Ignatieff and his party rev up for a federal campaign that could start within weeks .
Ignatieff has postponed a trip to China that would have removed him from the domestic political fray next week and he was talking yesterday about a platform that Canadians would see " very soon . "
The television ads were screened for Liberal MPs yesterday at the final day of their retreat .
The series of TV spots , in English and in French , are mostly positive in tone , though the French - language ads reportedly take a few swipes at Harper and his policy reversals .
For the most part , MPs said , the ads serve as an introduction to Ignatieff , his personality and his values .
Several MPs described the ads as slick , well produced and hopeful in tone – a deliberate contrast to the negative ads Conservatives have been running against Ignatieff in the past months .
" They 're strong , they 're clean , they 're simple and they 're all about showing Canada what we Liberals already know about Michael Ignatieff – that he's an extraordinary leader , " said Justin Trudeau , MP for the Quebec riding of Papineau .
Read more about :
Having the best vacuum is always important when it comes to getting yourself the best vacuum .
It is the reason …
Read moreShark Rocket Complete Review
... related links and the latest updates at the bottom of the page ...
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly .
It should be thrown aside with great force .
So wrote Dorothy Parker of a book remembered only for her disdain of it .
I 've always wished that I could have been the one to have said that ; and if I had been , I would like to have said it about James Redfield 's The Celestine Prophecy .
One may very rightly ask why , if I think that the book is such utter tripe ( which I do ) and if it is so dismissible ( which it is ) , I am wasting valuable time and disk space writing about it .
The reason is that it is wonderfully remarkable tripe : remarkable for the sheer tripeliness of its prose and philosophy , as well as for the fact that , despite its ineffable tripehood , it has been on the New York Times best - sellers list for 98 weeks at the time of this writing ( ranked second only to its sequel , The Tenth Insight ) .
When a novel so ideologically loopy and artistically flat is so phenomenally successful a closer look is surely in order .
It really is child 's play to tear the book apart , and it 's so very tempting to just wade in , mix my metaphors and start ripping , but remembering my mother 's admonition about not saying anything at all if I can't say anything nice , I will say some nice things about The Celestine Prophecy before I go on to say some things that are n't at all nice .
And out of consideration of the many people who 've made this novel the success that it is I 'll finish off by saying a few more nice things before a final self - indulgent burst of vulgar invective .
The Celestine Prophecy is printed on nice , sturdy paper .
The typeface is large and clear , and the lines of text are well spaced .
Redfield was considerate enough to ensure that each chapter contains a brief summary of the insights elucidated in all previous chapters , and his novel is the first that I 've read in about ten years that has n't put me to the trouble of getting out of my chair , even once , to fetch a dictionary .
There now ; having said something nice , I proceed with maternal sanction to explain why it is that Redfield 's acephalic brainchild sets me off so .
The Celestine Prophecy is , ostensibly , a novel .
There is a plot ( a nameless social worker in the middle of a career crisis travels to Peru to find an ancient prophetic manuscript which the Peruvian government and Roman Catholic Church seek to suppress and destroy ) , and there are fictional characters ( one ca n't get any more fictional than a Latin American priest named Father Carl , a Peruvian official called Hinton , and a Scandinavian professor by the name of Edmond Connor , not to mention a whole city of Mayans living in Peru rather than the more conventional Mayan stomping grounds of Central America ) .
But for all intents and purposes this is not a novel but rather a New - Age religious tract .
The unengaging plot is the merest pretense for the point - per - chapter explanation of the author 's ideas about human destiny and the nature of the cosmos .
The characters ( who might , with the help of a capable ghost writer , be fleshed out to a full two dimensions ) are featureless mouthpieces for the monotone authorial voice .
Of course a weak plot and insubstantial characters do n't necessarily ruin a novel ; recent works by Martin Amis and Stephen Fry come to mind as thoroughly enjoyable examples of such books .
But Fry and Amis happen to be gifted wordsmiths , whose novels are wonderful for the sheer brilliance of expression , insight and humour of their prose .
Redfield 's prose , on the other hand , is monotonous , bland , repetitive and , well , prosaic ; better writing may be found in an average issue of TV Guide .
Given that The Celestine Prophecy is neither plot driven nor character driven , nor yet good writing by any post - elementary standard , what does it present to the reader ?
Let us , as an act of charity , call the book " a novel of ideas . "
Redfield 's purpose is to impart the Nine Insights which the anonymous hero finds in an ancient Mayan manuscript ( a document written , inexplicably and without explanation , in Aramaic ) .
Each Insight is a revelation about the physical universe , human nature , the benefit of eating vegetables , conflict resolution , or the eventual transcorporeal evolution of our species ; those interested may find a one - page summary of all nine insights on - line .
Given the improbable metaphysics of the Nine Insights , it might be assumed that one is meant to approach the ideas of this novel as one would those of a work of science - fiction or an allegorical tale .
On behalf of Redfield 's legions of fans and followers , I was quite eager to give him the benefit of this doubt .
Then I read The Celestine Prophecy : An Experiential Guide .
This run -of - the - mill , New - Age spiritual - self - help book , co-written by Redfield himself , made it quite plain that he meant every word of the Nine Insights far more literally than I could ever have imagined .
We have in The Celestine Prophecy not a novel , but simply an artless tract conveying the author 's guiding message for foundering humanity ; it is on the merits of these ideas alone that one must judge this book and its popularity .
The essence of Redfield 's message is that the universe is made up of energy which is evolving into ever higher and higher forms or states of vibration : pure energy to hydrogen atoms to multivalent atoms to molecules to organic matter to life to humanity and eventually to some state of intelligent transcorporeal being .
The final stage involves humans being able to consciously direct this evolution , learning to acquire psychic energy by connecting to pristine nature rather than from interpersonal conflict ( interpersonal conflict resulting solely from people competing for each other 's psychic energy ) .
The last 50 years have been the prelude to the dawn of this final stage , as society regains awareness of the spiritual , the mystical , and the purposive significance of the apparently co-incidental .
As I trudged my way though the arid , jargon - mined desert that is Redfield 's novel , buffetted by barrage upon barrage of brutally prosaic , 80's self - help clichs , wincing at the glare of the shiny , shifting , new - age platitudes , I could n't help but ask myself time and again :
What in God 's name do people see in this banal , grating screed ?
But by the time I closed the book on the final , sequel - priming page I think that I understood why so many people have been inspired by this poorly written new - age soul candy .
The Celestine Prophecy speaks to discontentment with reductionist thinking and dissatisfaction with materialism ( of both the philosophical and commercial sort ) .
It offers seductively rare optimism about the future and human nature .
There is the promise of an easy , natural " spiritual self - enhancement " , which can be acquired without the structure , discipline and delayed gratification of traditional religion .
And perhaps most appealingly , Redfield promises that the strife and uncertainties of life and love in the late 20th century are only the birthing pains of the coming spiritual re-awakening .
Questions of existence and purpose with which thinkers and artists and writers have struggled for the last century are here given answers in guileless , direct , everyday language , gift - wrapped in promise of universal attainability and hope .
The Celestine Prophecy touches real , widely experienced problems : weariness of rationalism , ideological disorientation , existential angst , hunger for mystery , mourning for God , the desire for hope and purpose and human goodness .
Redfield indeed addresses important questions , questions with which I sympathize deeply , but his answers are thin and ridiculous .
And because he addresses these problems in such simple , easy - to - digest terms , he has captured the imagination of thousands who had never , before The Celestine Prophecy , had their concerns brought into focus and utterability for them .
Though I 'm glad to know that more and more people are thinking about these spiritual and existential questions , I worry that for every person who is inspired to follow the concerns Redfield addresses to sounder spiritual pastures there will be ten who either will buy into the unsustaining nonsense of his answers or will just be put off the questions altogether .
In all fairness , I must admit that one could do worse than follow the concrete , quotidian teachings found in The Celestine Prophecy : love your neighbour ; eat more fresh vegetables ; reduce consumption ; meditate ; preserve unspoilt nature ; reach out to people ; do n't respond to apathy or anger in kind .
But Redfield 's spirituality , or philosophy , or cosmogony , or whatever it is , is just too naive , shallow and fantastic to provide lasting sustenance .
I 'm not bothered by The Celestine Prophecy simply because it presents an easy - to - use approach to complex issues .
Any religion or philosophical system should have a shallow end in which people may splash about and get their feet wet before being eased , coaxed or thrown into the deeper , more difficult waters in which enlightenment , growth and strength are truly found .
I find The Celestine Prophecy bothersome because it lacks any depth at all ; it is a philosophical wading pool , full of children 's laughter and sparkling sunshine and bright pictures of pretty fish and piss - warmed water .
Copyright © Kenneth Moyle
First published on the Web June 23 , 1996
Further Reading
" What is Enlightenment ? " is a magazine devoted to thoughtful investigation and discussion of spirituality , religion and mysticism , western and eastern , old and new .
If you care enough about things numinous and matters metaphysical to be excited to anger or agreement or amusement by my review , I highly recommend having a look at some of their on - line articles .
A slightly altered reprint of this review appeared in their Fall / Winter 1997 issue And , no , I 'm not getting a cent for my recommendation .
Up to my Personal Home Page
August 29 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
One of the ideas in yesterday ’s post was the distinction between doing the sociology that supports political agitations towards socialism , and creating the ‘ ideology ’ ( or perhaps , the ‘ mythology ’ ) that would preside over such a society , the values that it would understand itself in terms of .
I ’ve recently been reading a very interesting book – Albert Camus ’ ‘ The Rebel ’ ( subtitled ‘ an essay on man in revolt ’ ) , and I think one of its major goals is , in a certain sense , to lay out what is essentially an ‘ ideology ’ in that sense – what I will call ‘ the ideology of rebellion and moderation ’ .
So I thought I ’d devote a post to talking about it , because I like it .
A few words about what I mean by ‘ ideology ’ .
I do n’t mean a set of detailed political principles or analyses , but something like an overall view of the world , of how to act , of what has value .
In that sense , we might say , modern ideology contains such ideas as ‘ freedom ’ , ‘ progress ’ and ‘ reason ’ – which can be appropriated and used in very different ways by different particular movements ( though not in absolutely any way ) .
Religions often provide similarly ‘ ideological ’ terms ( ‘ faith ’ , ‘ sin ’ ) , which are also very flexible in practice .
Ideology in this sense is generally something that links together how people understand 1 ) their own personal lives and actions , 2 ) their society and its politics , and 3 ) the universe and human history as a whole .
It ’s probably closer to an ethical code than a theory of any kind .
To a certain extent it will always be a tissue of obviousness , truisms , and cliches .
Critics of ideology might describe it as the lies that a society tells itself , and they ’re right in that ideology is generally 1 ) not strictly true – though also not strictly false , nor strictly arbitrary , and 2 ) useful to established interests ( because if it was n’t , they ’d get it changed ) .
But on the other hand , it seems clear to me that it ’s not something that can be dispensed with , and the ideology of a supposedly ‘ non - ideological ’ , ‘ scientific ’ movement ( turns disapproving eye on USSR ) is liable to just be bad , veiled , ideology .
So – what is the ideology of rebellion and moderation ?
It says
- that the experience of rebellion , an ‘ essential dimension of human nature ’ , is the best revelation of human dignity – of ‘ that part of man that must always be defended ’ ,
- that this dignity is something shared by all humans ,
- that the fact that we share our rebellion , that we defy the same fate and the same order and the same unjust world , reminds us of our community with each other .
– and that to stay true to itself , this value that rebellion reveals must be understood as ‘ moderation ’ .
That might sound strange .
What does rebellion have to do with ‘ moderation ’ ?
But Camus is n’t talking about inhibition , relaxation , or passivity .
He means the ( admittedly commonplace ) recognition that if value and dignity is shared , then it is always limited by the value and dignity of thousands of others .
Each person ’s freedom stops at the next person ’s , their certainty of any idea is limited by the possibility of error embodied in criticism from other ideas .
If dignity is common to all people – if it only makes sense as something shared – then it ’s essence is to be limited , to be put in balance .
It ’s important to look at how Camus means this to distinguish his values from many other such ideologies .
1 ) First of all , it ’s obviously distinct from the various ‘ conservative ’ ideologies throughout history , with which it shares the ideal of balance , harmony , ‘ moderation ’ .
The difference between them is that these ideologies identified moderation and balance with the existing order , human and divine , and identified rebellion with the idea of excess – to defy nature or God was to be unbalanced and immoderate , dangerous and insane .
On the contrary , Camus says , it is the established social order and the natural world that is immoderate .
‘ Excess ’ is slavery , exploitation , subjugation .
It is kings , lords , owners , masters , who are dangerous and insane , who violate ‘ balance ’ by violating and denying the dignity of those they command – and God who violates ‘ balance ’ by the cruelty and misert of creation .
Rebellion against this – refusing to accept injustice , defying the forces that do n’t recognise human dignity – is the surest guarantee and defense of moderation .
2 ) Secondly , the ideology of rebellion and moderation is opposed to all ‘ totalitarian ’ ideologies – such as Camus discerns in the absolutist liberalism of the French revolution and the semi-religious Marxism of the Russian , as well as the various strands of passion - for - destruction rebels of the last 2 centuries , such as de Sade and many anarchists .
All of these , like Camus , endorse and place value in rebellion , but they endorse it precisely as excess .
By elevating their rebellion into a value that they make absolute , and which can justify anything ( whether the Hegelian end of history or the pure freedom of de Sade or Stirner ) they produce the same things that they rebelled against : slavery , murder , deceit .
Camus regards such ideologies as being in a sense ‘ nihilist ’ – they cannot find value in any part of the world as it is , not even in the individual human in whose name they rebel , and so all value , all resolution of injustice , must be put onto some otherworldly or far - future state , and the real world of the present sacrificed to it .
3 ) Thirdly , and lastly , this view is distinct from the less apocalyptic and more moody ‘ nihilism ’ that ’s associated with Camus ’ associate Sartre and his ‘ existentialism ’ .
The two share a lot : a disenchantment with the world , a sense that reality is unfriendly , and does not offer itself to be understood perfectly , and a visceral atheism .
In a sense , Sartre ’s emphasis on the individual ’s free choice , on ‘ giving meaning to the world ’ , as the only response to the ‘ angst ’ of finding all meanings absurd , is an endorsement of rebellion .
But the difference is that Sartre ’s existentialist hero is always alone ; their rebellion is solitary , and in a sense egotistical .
This rebellion is mere self - assertion , a solitary pronouncement of meaning .
For Camus , on the other hand , rebellion is only rebellion if it ’s not egotistical , if it ’s an assertion of something that ’s above the individual simply by being present in all other individuals .
Rebellion , for Camus , founds an obscure sort of community – which no doubt explains why it seems so much more real than the solitary , unsupportable freedom of the existentialist hero .
A final word .
Camus often emphasises that if rebellion remains true to itself it remains true to a contradiction , an insoluble dilemma .
If you rebel in the name of solidarity with all people , how can you murder a person ?
But how can rebellion be effective if it does not ?
This question , which is just the question ‘ can the end justify the means ? ’ , arguably the central problem of moral philosophy , does n’t have a good answer , and Camus insists that we have to recognise this unfortunate fact .
If we try to evade it , and decide either that yes , we can commit murder for the sake of ( our view of ) justice , or no , we cannot , we will contradict ourselves in a different way by assenting to the same systematic injustice we rebelled against .
I do n’t expect that any of these particular ideas are very novel or striking .
But I liked Camus ’ presentation of them as part of an ‘ ideology ’ – it was less a discovery and more a recognition : that what he was talking about embodied more of my values than any of the alternatives he disparaged .
Hopefully some other readers will feel the same .
There is still a heavy military presence on the streets of Urumqi China has demanded that Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan retract his accusation that Beijing practised genocide against ethnic Uighurs .
Mr Erdogan made the comments after riots in the Muslim Uighur heartland of Xinjiang in which 184 people died .
Xinjiang 's capital , Urumqi , is under heavy police and military control .
UK - based analysts say al - Qaeda - linked militants in Algeria have called for reprisals against Chinese workers in the wake of the violence .
China 's rejection of Mr Erdogan 's remarks came in an editorial headlined " Do n't twist facts " in the English - language newspaper China Daily .
It said the fact that 137 of the 184 victims of the 5 July unrest were Han Chinese " speaks volumes for the nature of the event " .
The newspaper urged Mr Erdogan to " take back his remarks ... which constitute interference in China 's internal affairs " , describing his comments as " irresponsible and groundless " .
Mr Erdogan made the controversial comments last Friday , telling NTV television : " The incidents in China are , simply put , a genocide .
There 's no point in interpreting this otherwise . "
He called on Chinese authorities to intervene to prevent more deaths .
Turkey is secular but the population is predominantly Muslim and it shares linguistic and religious links with the Uighurs .
Militant threat
In a report , a UK - based global security intelligence firm said that events in Xinjiang had triggered a call from an Algerian - based al - Qaeda affiliate for reprisals against Chinese workers .
XINJIANG : ETHNIC UNREST
Main ethnic division : 45 % Uighur , 40 % Han Chinese 26 June : Mass factory brawl after dispute between Han Chinese and Uighurs in Guangdong , southern China , leaves two Uighurs dead 5 July : Uighur protest in Urumqi over the dispute turns violent , leaving 156 dead - most of them thought to be Han - and more than 1,000 hurt 7 July : Uighur women protest at arrests of menfolk .
Han Chinese make armed counter - march 8 July : President Hu Jintao returns from G8 summit to tackle crisis
Q&A : China and the Uighurs Views from China Al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQM ) had promised to target Chinese workers in Algeria and north - west Africa , Stirling Assynt said .
AQM appeared to be the first al - Qaeda affiliate to officially state that it would target Chinese interests , the group said , warning that others could follow suit .
A foreign ministry spokesman , Qin Gang , said China would work with relevant countries " to take all necessary measures to ensure the safety of overseas Chinese institutions and people " .
He appealed for understanding within the Muslim world .
" If they have a clear idea about true nature of the incident , they would understand China 's policies concerning religion and religious issues and understand the measures we have taken , " Mr Qin said .
Economist plea Separately , more than 100 Chinese writers and intellectuals have signed a letter calling for the release of Ilham Tohti , an outspoken Uighur economist .
Mr Tohti disappeared from his Beijing home last week and has apparently been detained .
" Professor Ilham Tohti is a Uighur intellectual who devoted himself to friendship between ethnic groups and eradicating conflicts between them .
He should not be taken as a criminal , " said the intellectuals ' letter .
It was posted online on Monday , and demands information about his case .
" If they 've started legal proceedings toward Ilham Tohti , [ the authorities ] must gain trust from the people through transparency , and especially gain trust from the Uighur people , " the letter said .
It also said that Mr Tohti 's website , Uighurbiz.cn , was an important site for dialogue between Han Chinese and Uighurs .
In a televised speech on 6 July , Xinjiang governor Nur Bekri accused the site of helping " to orchestrate the incitement and spread propaganda " .
The letter also urged the Chinese government to reflect on whether its own mistakes caused the unrest in Xinjiang and the anti-government riots last year in and around Tibet .
The violence in Xinjiang began during a protest by Uighurs over an ethnic brawl in southern China in late June in which two people were killed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cash Money Life has partnered with CardRatings for our coverage of credit card products .
Cash Money Life and CardRatings may receive a commission from card issuers .
It ’s hard to deny the fact that credit cards are a fact of life .
Even if you plan to pay in cash , you typically need a credit card to book airfare , put a deposit down on a hotel room , or reserve a rental car .
If you have poor credit or a short credit history , this can pose a problem .
After all , bad credit or a short credit history may prevent you from qualifying for a credit card altogether .
Fortunately , secured credit cards offer an alternative for people in this unfortunate situation .
By applying for a secured credit card and putting down a deposit , you can usually secure a small credit line .
Used responsibly , that credit line can help you build a positive credit history – and improve your credit score – over time .
Secured vs. Unsecured
In order to understand how a secured credit card could work in your situation , it ’s important to learn the difference between secured and unsecured credit cards :
Unsecured credit cards – Unsecured cards offer consumers a line of credit based on their creditworthiness and a promise of repayment .
Since unsecured cards offer credit , they do not require a deposit .
Unsecured cards are typically only available to consumers with good or excellent credit , but there are some fair credit credit cards available .
So if have some acceptable credit history that may be an option .
Secured credit cards – Secured credit cards require a deposit as collateral .
With a secured credit card , your deposit is often equal to your new line of credit .
This collateral is used to pay off your card in the event you fail to make the payment on time .
Secured credit cards are most useful for those with poor credit or a short credit history , or anyone who cannot qualify for an unsecured card .
Featured Secured Credit Cards
The following cards are some of the best secured credit cards on the market .
Offering easy access and low fees .
How Secured Credit Cards Work
Since secured credit cards usually offer a credit limit that is equal to the initial deposit , they do n’t actually extend consumers credit .
Instead , they provide consumers with an opportunity to build a credit history that can improve their credit over time .
With most secured cards , credit limits start out in the $ 300 – $ 500 range .
However , they are often increased over time .
Although secured credit cards may sound like a bad deal in theory , they are actually rather useful in practice .
Why ?
Because many people with poor credit or limited histories get stuck in a “ chicken or the egg conundrum . ”
Here ’s how that works :
When you have poor credit , credit card companies will not qualify you for an unsecured credit card .
However , not having a credit card can make it impossible to improve your credit .
Secured credit cards , while not always ideal , solve this problem .
So much so that they are frequently referred to as no credit or bad credit credit cards .
Even though they require a deposit and may charge more fees than traditional cards , they do provide consumers with an avenue to improve their situation .
Here are a few additional details you should know about secured credit cards :
Secured cards usually have the highest fees –
In addition to requiring an initial deposit , secured cards generally charge higher fees than regular unsecured credit cards .
Those “ extra ” fees usually include an annual fee and may include monthly account maintenance fees .
In addition , secured credit cards generally charge higher interest rates than unsecured credit cards .
You can usually upgrade to an unsecured card once your credit score improves –
If you ’re stressed out at the prospect of getting a secured credit card , do n’t despair .
Once your credit score improves , you can usually upgrade your secured card to an unsecured version of the same card or cancel your account and apply for a different card with better terms .
In other words , your experience with secured credit cards may only be temporary .
Once you close or upgrade your account , you get your deposit back – Although it can take a few billing cycles , you will definitely get your initial deposit back after you close your secured account .
Pros and Cons of Secured Cards :
Secured Credit Cards offer several major advantages to people looking to create or establish credit history , or simply improve their credit score .
Easy Approval Process .
Because the issuing bank holds a deposit as collateral , they will accept almost all applicants .
Many people who cannot get approval for a traditional credit card can get approved for a secured credit card .
Because the issuing bank holds a deposit as collateral , they will accept almost all applicants .
Many people who cannot get approval for a traditional credit card can get approved for a secured credit card .
Establish or re-establish credit .
Secured credit cards can help you establish a credit history if you have not yet taken out a line of credit , or re-establish your credit if you have unfavorable marks on your credit report .
Secured credit cards can help you establish a credit history if you have not yet taken out a line of credit , or re-establish your credit if you have unfavorable marks on your credit report .
Increase your credit score .
Most secured credit cards report to the credit bureaus , so your credit score should improve as long as you make on - time payments .
Most secured credit cards report to the credit bureaus , so your credit score should improve as long as you make on - time payments .
Security deposit in case of default .
Your security deposit will be used in the event you do n’t make payments , so you do n’t risk taking on more debt .
Your security deposit will be used in the event you do n’t make payments , so you do n’t risk taking on more debt .
Interest on deposits .
Some secured credit cards offer interest on the security deposit card holders leave with them .
That means you may be able to earn a few bucks if you make all your payments on time and do not carry a balance .
Some secured credit cards offer interest on the security deposit card holders leave with them .
That means you may be able to earn a few bucks if you make all your payments on time and do not carry a balance .
Conversion to traditional credit card .
Some secured credit cards automatically convert to traditional credit cards within a certain time frame ( sometimes 18 - 24 months ) , provided you make all payments on time and do n’t go over your credit limit .
There are also a few disadvantages :
Security deposit required .
Secured credit card holders have to “ pay to play . ”
Secured credit cards require a deposit in the amount of the credit limit , and many people who do n’t have credit ca n’t afford to pay a deposit to build their credit … another Catch - 22 .
Secured credit card holders have to “ pay to play . ”
Secured credit cards require a deposit in the amount of the credit limit , and many people who do n’t have credit ca n’t afford to pay a deposit to build their credit … another Catch - 22 .
High fees .
Most secured credit cards come with fees , sometimes including application fees , processing fees , annual fees , and possibly monthly fees .
Most secured credit cards come with fees , sometimes including application fees , processing fees , annual fees , and possibly monthly fees .
Higher interest rates .
Secured credit cards often come with higher interest rates than traditional credit cards .
You can avoid the high interest rates if you pay your bill in full each month .
How to Select a Secured Credit Card
Now that you know how a secured credit card could benefit you , it ’s time to decide which secured card to pursue .
Although all secured cards require a deposit and offer a low initial credit limit , other factors – such as fees , perks , and interest rates – can vary widely .
Here are some things you should consider as you sort through the secured cards currently on the market :
Choose a card that reports to all three credit reporting agencies –
If your goal is rebuilding or repairing your credit over time , you need to select a secured card that will report to all three credit reporting agencies – Equifax , Experian , and TransUnion .
If you ’re unsure whether a card issuer reports , you can always call them and ask .
Analyze fees and read the fine print – Although the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has made great strides when it comes to protecting consumers from predatory lending products and practices , there are still some secured cards that offer very unattractive terms .
Always read the fine print that accompanies any secured card product and make sure you understand any applicable fees .
Compare the best secured cards side - by - side – Once you ’ve weeded out the worst secured card offerings , it ’s important to compare your best options to see how they stack up .
Even among secured cards that offer decent terms , fees may vary widely .
Always compare a few of the best options to make sure you ’re getting the best deal .
Do n’t forget the perks – Although secured cards are n’t known for having generous card rewards programs , a few do offer rewards on certain category purchases .
Meanwhile , other secured cards offer features such as free credit monitoring or even a free credit scores .
They are not going to offer anything close to the cash rewards credit cards you see advertised on television but , as you research secured cards , make sure to consider any “ extras ” that add value .
Who Should Apply for a Secured Credit Card ?
A secured credit card can help you establish credit history or improve your credit due to an unfavorable credit report .
Despite the fees and high interest rates , a secured credit card may be the best way for you to increase your credit score , particularly when you are not able to obtain credit through any other means .
You will probably do better to avoid secured credit cards if you can qualify for a traditional credit card or another line of credit .
Improving Your Credit Score
The process of selecting a secured card may seem overwhelming , but it ’s important to stay focused and pick the best card for your situation .
For the most part , that means selecting a secured card that reports to all three credit reporting agencies , but has fairly low fees and as many added benefits as possible .
And do n’t forget – your experience with secured cards may only be temporary .
If you begin using your card responsibly right away , your credit score will likely improve .
Sometimes that ’s all it takes to be able to qualify for an unsecured card with lower fees and better terms .
And if you ’re using a secured card , improving your credit should be your only goal .
* Note : Secured credit cards and prepaid cards are not the same .
Prepaid credit cards are more similar to gift cards , but bear the name of a traditional credit card , such as Visa , MasterCard or American Express .
They do not affect your credit score .
Cash Money Life has partnered with CardRatings for our coverage of credit card products .
Cash Money Life and CardRatings may receive a commission from card issuers .
After months of work involving nearly one third of the House and half the Senate , prospects for healthcare reform are coming down to what six senators can work out by a self - imposed Sept. 15 deadline .
For House Democrats , it ’s a baffling calculus – that so few would matter so much .
But it ’s a situation they have seen before .
Three GOP senators were the swing votes in the Obama administration ’s economic stimulus plan in February .
In 2001 , three Republican senators withheld their votes until President Bush reined in his tax cuts .
Now , the essential swing votes on healthcare sit in the Senate Finance Committee , where three Republicans and three Democrats have been thrashing out a bipartisan alternative behind closed doors for weeks .
“ As long as you have an institution where the filibuster is used so regularly , then a handful of people will sway the debate , ” says Julian Zelizer , a congressional historian at Princeton University in New Jersey .
“ It ’s been congressional politics for the last two decades . ”
The Senate Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions ( HELP ) Committee and the House Education and Labor Committee have already passed nearly identical versions of a government insurance plan – a top priority for President Obama and most congressional Democrats .
These bills include a government - run healthcare option designed to compete with private plans .
But this public option is a nonstarter for the bipartisan negotiators on the Senate Finance Committee .
The clout of the few – and particularly the importance of the Senate Finance working group – can be a source of frustration for the many on Capitol Hill .
“ It ’s no secret that [ House ] members sometimes think :
Why do I always read in the paper that they ’re checking with the [ Senate ] Finance Committee all the time , ” Speaker Nancy Pelosi told reporters Friday .
“ What about the HELP committee ?
What about our committees over here ? ” she added .
Sens. Olympia Snowe of Maine and Charles Grassley of Iowa and Michael Enzi of Wyoming are the three key Republicans in the Senate Finance group .
Senator Enzi's role in shaping potential healthcare legislation is instructive of the influence that a handful of senators can wield .
As the top Republican on the Senate Health Committee , he could do nothing to stop the committee from passing a bill that included a public option in a party - line vote .
But Senate Democrats sense that they might need to pick off some Republican votes to get to a filibuster - proof 60 votes on healthcare .
So the Gang of Six ’s effort to find bipartisan compromise has become vital – and Senator Enzi can make his stand there .
Aides this week say that there are three potential deal - breakers : Healthcare reform must be fully paid for , with no new debt put on the backs of Americans .
Everyone must get coverage .
And robust competition on the delivery side must be preserved .
What this means is that “ a government option that can drive private service providers out of business , either by cutting reimbursements or peeling away subscribers currently enrolled in private plans , can't be part of healthcare reform , ” says Enzi spokesman Craig Orfield .
But he adds that " there 's a long way to go here , and many of the issues have only been discussed as concepts . "
As an alternate route , Senate Democratic leaders are considering the option of using a process called budget reconciliation , which would allow them to pass healthcare with a simple majority vote .
But it ’s an iffy prospect , with many procedural pitfalls .
Even if Democrats could make it past procedural issues , the end result would be a partisan bill .
“ The threat is that it would n’t last over time : Republicans would chip away at it as soon as they had power again .
That ’s the great risk , ” says Professor Zelizer .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
The sheer quantity of precious metal uncovered is unprecedented
By Dr Michael Lewis
Deputy head of Portable Antiquities Scheme , British Museum
This treasure paints a new picture of our past and the Dark Ages .
What makes it outstanding is the sheer quantity - we 're talking about 1,500 objects , almost entirely precious metal .
Normally you would expect a handful of objects each year of this quality for the period in question , which is the 7th Century .
A metal detectorist finding just one of these objects would consider it the find of their life .
To find 1,500 is bizarre and it would blow the average person 's mind .
Now , everybody wants to know who it belongs to and why it was put there .
But those questions are tricky to answer .
From my 21st - century perspective , I find it bewildering that someone could shove so much metalwork into the ground
Huge Anglo - Saxon gold hoard found
In pictures : Anglo - Saxon treasures
For the Anglo - Saxon period , this is an awful lot of wealth for one person , or even one people , to have left in one place .
At the moment , we can say what it is n't , even if we can't say what it is .
It 's not associated with a burial , like Sutton Hoo was , for example .
Precious metal
After that , there are two main possibilities .
The first is that this treasure has been purposefully deposited , like an offering to a god .
But , from my 21st - Century perspective , I find it bewildering that someone could shove so much metalwork into the ground as an offering .
That seems like overkill .
The other possibility is it 's a treasure chest that got lost , or they could n't come back for it .
A folded cross - precious metal seemed to mean more than items themselves
The material is predominantly associated with war - swords , sword fittings , bits of helmets and the like - but all the precious metalwork has been stripped .
That means they 're not treasuring the objects as wholes , they 're taking the precious metals off and keeping them .
Most things we find from the Anglo - Saxon period are what we call " chance finds " , in other words the things people lost , or hoards purposefully deposited , or finds from burials .
But hoarding is more associated with the Viking period .
Things like big coin hoards are more a 10th - Century sort of find .
This is a strange phenomenon in this country for the 7th Century .
People will now be working to understand when the material was deposited , then we 'll look at what we know of the history - which is not a lot - to tie it down .
The finds date from a wide period , which is unusual , so the first thing this may do is help us improve our dating of the Anglo - Saxon period .
Much of what we know about this period is based on archaeology , not written evidence , because that written evidence is so scant .
What would we make of modern society if we just looked at the material culture , with no context ?
We 've got the objects , but not the historical context .
That 's a problem because we understand the world based on what 's written down , but we 're not that good at understanding people from their material culture .
What would we make of modern society if we just looked at the material culture ?
What would we try to understand from it with no historical context to put it in ?
Rulers overlooked
Yet that 's what we 're trying to do here .
I do n't think it 's realistic to identify this with a particular individual .
We 'll probably never find the owners , although the best bet is a ruler from the kingdom of Mercia , where it was found .
In this period some Mercian rulers , like Penda and Offa , are quite well - known to us .
Penda is a bit before this period , and Offa is right at the end , so it has to be someone in the middle .
But our historical sources are limited to people like the monk Bede , who wrote from a Christian perspective .
The Mercian rulers at the time are likely to have been pagan , but they could have been overlooked by Bede even though they might have been important , because he was n't interested in them - for whatever reason .
So this will help us look back at those sources , and those historical figures , with more scrutiny than we did before .
The Dark Ages were called the Dark Ages because it was seen as a period where , after Roman civilisation , somehow we went backwards in time .
But this demonstrates there were still wonderful objects being produced , and produced in this country .
It will take years , or decades , to get answers , and we still wo n't get all of them .
We can't just ask questions about this hoard , either - we need to ask questions about how this hoard fits in with everything else we know .
Have we made assumptions elsewhere that are n't right ?
Those are the things we 'd like to know about .
It 's very , very early days .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Guido has been saying for some time that Vince Cable ’s reputation as a seer is much overstated and that his reputation is cashing cheques his actual policy account can’t cover .
His ability to provide authoritative sounding soundbites to journalists is fantastic .
Hacks never bother to check his prognostications and previous policy flips ( who knows what the LibDem policy is on anything besides PR ? )
He thus gets a free ride in comparison to Labour and the Tories .
So it will be worth tuning into Straight Talk tomorrow where by all accounts Vince Cable gets a mauling from Andrew Neil about his history of changing his position on a range of issues during the financial crisis and Brillo gets him to admit that he was wrong last autumn to support the merger of Lloyds TSB and HBOS .
Vince admits to Brillo when challenged “ you ’re right – perfectly fair comment that my first reaction was not the right one . ”
Brillo also spotted that in Cable ’s just released policy paper for Reform he is proposing to cut items that were only earmarked by Nick Clegg and Vince Cable in February as part of a planned increase of £ 6.7 bn in spending on childcare and education .
By all accounts it is worth tuning into Straight Talk on BBC News tomorrow night to see Brillo hold Cable ’s feet to the fire for all his flip - flopping on economic policy .
UPDATE : Sam Coates over at Red box has spotted another Cable incoherency .
UPDATE II : There is of course the whole Darth Cable / Brillo Skywalker angle about this : Cable was Neil ’s economics tutor at Glasgow .
Now the circle is complete , the student is the inquisitor .
The force is strong …
Purpose :
When you visit a file , point goes to the last place where it was when you previously visited the same file .
To use it , turn it on in the options menu - “ Save place in files between Sessions ” .
Alternatively , you could add the following to your InitFile :
For GNU Emacs 25.1 and newer versions
( save - place - mode 1 )
Note that saveplace is auto - loaded by save - place - mode .
So you do not need to explicitly require it .
For GNU Emacs 24.5 and older versions
( require ' saveplace ) ( setq - default save - place t )
Note that using setq will not do because the variable is buffer - local .
Options
Your saved places are written to the file stored in the file specified by save - place - file .
This defaults to ~/.emacs.d / places in newer emacs versions ( 25.1 + ) and to ~/.emacs - places in older emacs versions .
In the latter case , you might want to change it to keep your home directory uncluttered .
For example :
( setq save - place - file ( locate - user - emacs - file " places " " .emacs- places " ) )
If emacs is slow to exit after enabling saveplace , you may be running afoul of save - place - forget - unreadable - files .
On exit , it checks that every loaded file is readable before saving its buffer position - potentially very slow if you use NFS .
( setq save - place - forget - unreadable - files nil )
will restores emacs exit to nearly instantaneous .
SessionManagement CategoryPersistence
In addition to generating power , the Solar Road Panels contain embedded LED lights that " paint " the road lines from beneath .
Image credit : Solar Roadways .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In a first step toward turning highways into energy - generating solar panels , the Sagle , Idaho - based startup Solar Roadways has recently received a $ 100,000 grant from the US Department of Transportation ( DOT ) .
The company will use the money to build a prototype of its Solar Road Panel , made from solar cells and glass , that is meant to replace petroleum - based asphalt on roads and in parking lots .
The 12 - x 12 - foot panels , which each cost $ 6,900 , are designed to be embedded into roads .
When shined upon , each panel generates an estimated 7.6 kilowatt hours of power each day .
If this electricity could be pumped into the grid , the company predicts that a four - lane , one - mile stretch of road with panels could generate enough power for 500 homes .
Although it would be expensive , covering the entire US interstate highway system with the panels could theoretically fulfill the country 's total energy needs .
The company estimates that this would take 5 billion panels , but could " produce three times more power than we 've ever used as a nation - almost enough to power the entire world . "
The Solar Road Panels also contain embedded LED lights that " paint " the road lines from beneath to provide safer nighttime driving .
The LEDs could also be programmed to alert drivers of detours or road construction ahead , and can even sense wildlife on the road and warn drivers to slow down .
The roads could also contain embedded heating elements in the surface to prevent snow and ice from building up on the road .
Further , in the future , fully electric vehicles could recharge along the roadway and in parking lots , making electric cars practical for long trips .
" This feature packed system will become an intelligent highway that will double as a secure , intelligent , decentralized , self - healing power grid which will enable a gradual weaning from fossil fuels , " Solar Roadways stated in a recent press release .
More information : www.solarroadways.com
via : Inhabitat
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Chicago Installs Solar Powered Charging Station for Electric Vehicles
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Prodding Israel and the Palestinian Authority to restart talks aimed at a permanent resolution of their decades - old conflict , President Obama dropped a demand for an Israeli settlement freeze , U.S. , Israeli and Palestinian officials said .
Benjamin Netanyahu , left , President Obama and Mahmoud Abbas .
" Simply put , it is past time to talk about starting negotiations .
It is time to move forward , " Obama told reporters before a meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
" It is time to show the flexibility and common sense and sense of compromise that is necessary to achieve our goals , " Obama said .
Obama first met separately with Netanyahu and Abbas on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in what he called " frank and productive " talks .
The session was the first among the three leaders since Obama took office in January .
George Mitchell , Obama 's envoy for the Middle East , attended Tuesday 's talks .
He said the talks were " at all times cordial , " but " direct " and sometimes " blunt . "
Obama told Abbas and Netanyahu that , " The only reason to hold public office is to get things done , " and that everyone " must take risks for peace , " Mitchell said .
Mitchell told reporters the U.S. is " not identifying any issue as being a precondition or an impediment to negotiation . "
But the United States and Israel have publicly disagreed on Israeli plans to build more housing on land the Palestinians regard as theirs .
Previous Obama administration demands for a freeze have been ignored by the Netanyahu government .
Watch Netanyahu address peace , settlements »
Abbas has so far rejected resuming talks with Israel until the Jewish state halts all settlement building in the occupied West Bank and in predominantly Palestinian East Jerusalem .
Arab states also have balked at the U.S. request to take confidence - building measures toward Israel until Israel freezes settlement construction .
Sitting with Netanyahu and Abbas , Obama softened his regular language on a settlement " freeze , " saying that Israel has had meaningful discussions about " restraining " settlement activity .
" But they need to translate these discussions into real action on this and other issues , " he said .
" Obama told Abbas that he could n't get the settlement freeze and promised to keep trying , but that it should n't be a condition for talks and it was time to move on , " one Palestinian aide to Abbas said .
Several U.S. officials said that Obama told Abbas that although the U.S. believe a settlement freeze would create a better atmosphere for talks to begin , the lack of one should not be used an as excuse not to talk .
" Let 's not have the perfect be the enemy of the good , " Obama told Abbas , according to the officials .
Watch Obama : ' We have to find a way forward ' »
" It 's been apparent for some time that the Israelis were going to fall short of what is necessary on the settlement freeze , " one senior U.S. official said .
" But our view is let 's get to negotiations and settlements will be addressed within those final status issues "
A senior Israeli diplomat said Israel agreed to not building any new settlements , no outward expansion of existing growth and to only build for " natural " growth within existing settlements .
He said Israel also agreed not to encourage Israelis to move to settlements , which would increase the population .
" A complete settlement freeze was n't physically or politically possible , especially in the absence of any Arab or Palestinian concessions , " the Israeli diplomat said .
" There was a time the gaps had significantly narrowed , but now they were starting to widen .
The administration recognized , rather than have them widen further , we should start negotiating . "
The Palestinian aide to Abbas said Obama 's failure to secure a settlement freeze has weakened him in the eyes of the Palestinian delegation , because it casts doubt on his ability to move Israel during final status negotiations .
The Palestinians did win an important point , however , with Obama making clear that the peace talks would not start from scratch , which Netanyahu had favored .
Rather the talks would take into account progress made in previous negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians , the sources said .
The Israeli diplomat said that Israel would " take into account " the previous negotiations , but stressed his country 's longstanding position that " nothing is agreed to until everything is agreed to . "
Obama also addressed Abbas ' desire to have the terms for negotiations more clearly defined , asking Israeli and Palestinian negotiators to come to Washington next week for further talks .
Next week 's talks , to be led by George Mitchell , will center on what issues will be addressed at negotiations , which will present the U.S. with its next big challenge .
Palestinians want negotiations to resolve the " final status " issues of the conflict , such as borders , Jerusalem and the right of return for Palestinian refugees .
Israel wants to begin with talks on a " provisional " Palestinian state .
All About Barack Obama • Benjamin Netanyahu • Mahmoud Abbas
As the economy worsens and abandoned storefronts continue to pop up on street corners all over the country , we ’ve had the opportunity to learn which industries are virtually recession - proof .
For example , California ’s medical marijuana industry continues to thrive .
Which is why we ’re not surprised to learn that an out - of - business branch of Kentucky Fried Chicken in Los Angeles has been repurposed into–you guessed it –the Kind for Cures marijuana dispensary .
It ’s a clever rebranding –Kind for Cures kept the original building intact , only removing the KFC logo .
The new KFC is sure to garner interest with its offer of a free 1/8th of marijuana for first - time customers .
In all seriousness , the KFC / Kind for Cures incident demonstrates the enduring power of the medical marijuana industry .
In a time when California is hurting for cash , full legalization and taxation on the drug could help bring the state out of its seemingly never - ending budgetary hole .
If and when that happens , a number of designers stand at the ready with branding ideas .
[ Via LA Weekly ]
Yesterday we revealed plans by The Associated Press to hold back some content from member websites .
( Great discussion going on there , by the way . )
The primary motivation of that initiative is search : AP material that resides on hundreds of disparate sites at the same time will hardly rate in Google compared to a single page with hundreds of links pointing to it .
That ’s a fundamental tenet of search engine optimization .
The same philosophy is driving their plan to build “ news guide landing pages ” that will aggregate the AP ’s content around subjects , places , organizations , and people .
Think of the topic pages on sites like The Chicago Tribune , BBC , and others — except that the AP will be harnessing its vast network of members and customers in what could amount to a brilliant SEO play .
The landing pages were first mentioned at the AP ’s annual meeting in April , but further details have n’t emerged until now .
In material distributed to some members last month , the news guide is described as “ a central location to which headlines , promotional products and other content developed by AP could point . ”
What that will mean in practice is similar to what you find in the digital content of other news organizations :
All references in AP articles to , say , Bill Clinton would link to the landing page with aggregated content and other material about the former president .
But , of course , those links to the landing pages would come from member news sites with excellent PageRank , the key metric used by Google to determine search results .
( For instance , CNN , which carries AP content , has the maximum and extremely rare PageRank of 10 . )
It ’s easy to see how the AP ’s landing pages could , in short order , shoot up near the top of results for popular , news - related search terms .
Competing with Wikipedia
The document that I referenced yesterday , the one labeled “ AP CONFIDENTIAL — NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION , ” includes four pages of sharp , if widely accepted , analysis of how news is consumed today .
Referring to coverage of Michael Jackson ’s death , it says :
Two of the biggest beneficiaries of that traffic bonanza were Twitter and Wikipedia , a couple of digital natives that would have been viewed as very unlikely news competitors even a few months ago .
Indeed , a new pattern of consumption was validated in the confusing minutes that followed the first reports of Jacko ’s death : Users shared ; they searched and they clicked on Wikipedia … .
The Wikipedia page on Michael Jackson is not very pretty to look at , but it has more blue hyperlinks than black type .
Forget the “ wiki ” method of community updating , the key to Wikipedia ’s success is that its pages are designed to catch traffic , provide key information and then send users on their way to deeper engagement on the subjects they ’re interested in .
( According to Wikipedia traffic statistics , the site ’s Michael Jackson page has been viewed more than 24 million times since his death . )
There ’s further discussion of Wikipedia ’s dominance in search results , which is a product of all the external links pointing to Wikipedia and a variety of other factors .
As Mathieu O’Neil Sage Ross , the editor of in - house newsletter Wikipedia Signpost , told me yesterday , “ Google juice goes in , swishes around , does n’t come out . ”
And that ’s clearly what the AP would like to emulate , although it ’s less clear how they ’ll generate many links beyond member and customer sites .
The document states flatly , “ The Wikipedia model of standing , authoritative pages could be challenged . ”
Proof of concept
Most of the AP ’s landing pages would be automatically generated , although “ editorial curation ” would also be possible .
That ’s the model followed by sites like The New York Times , which has had decent success with Times Topics .
In an internal memo late last year , Times editors boasted , “ Many months of SEO labor … helped promote our Credit Crisis page to the prominence it deserves ; search for “ credit crisis ” on Google and our Topic Page comes up first . ”
( It should be noted , though , that the Times page has been passed since that memo ; it currently ranks behind The Crisis of Credit , a terrific 11 - minute video describing credit concepts made by a young man named Jonathan Jarvis as part of his master ’s thesis at a design college .
Take from that what you will . )
The AP is also hoping it can convince members to join the project and have their content aggregated on the landing pages as well .
( Of course , plenty of websites , citing fair use , do that already without any formal partnership . )
The material distributed last month notes that the landing pages could “ facilitate paid distribution of AP and member content , ” although I do n’t get the sense that ’s a priority .
As with the strategy I described yesterday , there ’s a real question of balance here :
It ’s obvious what the AP gains , but members will obviously want to know what ’s in it for them .
An SEO firm called EveryZing recently produced a trial run of the AP ’s landing pages , according to their vice president for client services and business development , Bob Fogarty .
EveryZing has also created topic pages for Fox News and Newsweek .
In the latter case , the project is actually called … Newsweekopedia .
Much of this strategy follows what Google vice president Marissa Mayer suggested in recent testimony to Congress .
It ’s also in line with the research of Matt Thompson , whose currently online community manager at the Knight Foundation .
And I wrote about these ideas when Google News began including Wikipedia in its search results .
( EDIT : Woozle has an even better idea , which would apply to many debates in general if the true goal were seeking resolution and truth . )
Friends , Romans , non-Romans , lend me your ears .
I have for you a modest proposal , in this question of whether we should publicly debate creationists , or freeze them out as unworthy of debate .
My fellow humans , I have two misgivings about this notion that there should not be a debate .
My first misgiving is that - even though on this particular occasion scientific society is absolutely positively not wrong to dismiss creationism - this business of not having debates sounds like dangerous business to me .
Science is sometimes wrong , you know , even if it is not wrong this time , and debating is part of the recovery process .
And my second misgiving is that , like it or not , the creationists are on the radio , in the town halls , and of course on the Web , and they are already talking to large audiences ; and the idea that there is not going to be a debate about this , may be slightly naive .
" But , " you cry , " when prestigious scientists lower themselves so far as to debate creationists , afterward the creationists smugly advertise that prestigious scientists are debating them ! "
Ah , but who says that prestigious scientists are required to debate creationists ?
Find some bright ambitious young college student working toward a biology degree , someone who 's read Pharyngula and the talk .origins FAQ .
Maybe have P. Z. Myers or someone run a test debate on them , to make sure they know how to answer all the standard lies and are generally good at debating and explaining .
Then have the college student debate the creationists - if the creationists are still up for it .
If not , of course , we can all make a big ruckus about how Michael Behe is afraid to debate a mere college student , and have the college student reply to all requests to debate Richard Dawkins or supply a scientific authority for the TV networks .
And if Michael Behe manages to defeat the college student , then he can go on to debate a PhD , and if that does n't work , Behe gets to talk to P. Z. Myers , and in the unlikely event Behe manages not to get his butt handed to him by P. Z. Myers , he would have earned the right to debate Richard Dawkins .
If we 're dealing with young - earth creationists , then we add a bright 12 - year - old at the start of the chain .
That way , anyone who wants to know the state of the debate and the status of the arguments , is welcome to watch creationists being beaten up by some college kid - armed with real science , mind !
But there will still be a debate .
And if the scientific community , at some point in the future , manages to go astray on some issue where the opposing side seems " silly " , then we can hope - if public debate is any use at all - that the challenger will gently defeat the 12 - year - old , unravel the college student , score points against the PhD , and hold their own against senior scientists .
There would still be a path to victory for worthy new ideas , and not a general license for a community to shut down all debate it thinks unworthy .
It 's this notion of shutting down debate that I fear as dangerous ; and it seems to me that you can get just the same strategic conservation of prestige , by endorsing the principle of debate , but sending out some bright college students to present the standard position .
If the " controversy " as shown on CNN consists of some ID - er with a sober - looking business suit and an impressive - sounding title , versus a TA in jeans to represent the scientific community - but with accurate science , mind !
- then I think this would viscerally answer what the scientific community thinks of creationism , and not create the false impression of an ongoing debate , while still giving airtime to the standard scientific replies .
If CNN is n't interested in showing that " controversy " - well then , that tells us what CNN really wanted , does n't it .
If an idea is so completely ridiculous as to be unworthy even of debate - then send out some bright un - titled college students to debate it !
Do vet them for knowledge of standard replies , explanation ability , and debating ability against evil opponents , to make sure standard science is not needlessly embarrassed .
But there should be plenty of ambitious young bright college students who can pass that filter and who would enjoy some TV exposure .
Matt Trout asked people to write about how they learned to design programs .
Design is a skill largely untaught ; I suspect other responses will suggest informal and inductive processes .
The Nascent Hacker and Design
My first encounter with programming was with personal computer BASIC in the early ' 80s .
I wanted to play games , but the school system discouraged students from playing games during class time .
Programming was fine .
Thus , I taught myself to write games .
I returned to programming in the late '90s as a hobby .
My main work was little challenge with plenty of spare time , so I could explore anything technical I wanted if I could justify it for business purposes .
I read and I experimented and I tried to answer the questions of other novices and I learned how to program .
My first few public free software projects went unused and unlamented .
I worked on them to satisfy my desire to explore interesting technical challenges .
They did n't meet real needs for me or anyone else .
The problem with this approach is that it pursues novelty for the sake of novelty .
The appearance of a better or newer novelty can undercut the motivation for the previous project .
In the decade since then , I believe I 've learned a few things about how to design software .
The most important lesson is build only what you need .
Some people call this the YAGNI principle .
That 's effective for coding , but there 's a different principle for design .
Necessity and Creativity
I believe that constraints improve creativity .
I 've participated in National Novel Writing Month , where the goal is to write 50,000 words of the first draft of a novel in 30 calendar days .
The result is quantity , not necessarily quality , but the time constraint forces people to produce results .
It 's taken almost two years to turn the results into a publishable novel , but the process worked for what it did .
Richard Gabriel 's Worse is Better essay suggests similar results in software .
A system that demonstrably meets the most important needs in an effective ( if inelegant ) way and works today is better than a system that theoretically meets all perceived needs in a breathtaking way but may not be available yet .
It 's easy to gild the lily , to write software that does too much in an attempt to be all things to all people — but I believe that a constraint of delivery date or tight scope or available resources can help focus the project on its most important characteristics .
Experienced Hacker and Design
I 've written about vision , especially in the context of Perl 5 .
I tend to let the vision for a project guide its design in the large .
For example , my vision for Perl 5 is a language that scales from novices learning the language piecemeal to experts writing powerful , elegant programs with as few barriers and missteps and traps as possible .
This suggests criteria to evaluate potential designs in terms of clarity , expressivity , and learnability — if not safety .
Another component of equal importance is necessity .
Some of the earlier code in Parrot code is difficult to maintain due to ( I believe ) a premature focus on optimization .
We 've born the cost of maintaining ( and testing and debugging and fixing and working around ) several design decisions implemented because someone or other at some point thought that certain programs might run faster .
We 've spent much time renovating , removing , and replacing some of these components .
We see a constant push and pull between high - level languages ( the " customers " of Parrot , in one sense ) and Parrot itself .
Which features should Parrot support ?
What 's the most elegant way to solve a problem in an HLL ?
Which solutions work better in Parrot ?
Which design decision will best suit multiple interoperable languages hosted in the same Parrot memory space ?
I believe we can make better decisions now in part because we have actual need — HLL implementors with HLL implementations making their own design decisions based upon specifications and specification tests and input from language designers — driving the requests .
I can profile a sample Rakudo application and find portions of Parrot that need optimization based on the codepaths real - world code executes .
( That 's why we can speed up Rakudo 2 % here , 4.5 % there , 6 % there , and 31 % there . )
Smart people in other fields sometimes call this the last responsible moment .
That idea comes from manufacturing , but if anything it applies more to software , where everything but the laws of physics and monads are malleable , given time and will and design .
Change happens .
Allow it .
I believe designing to current , actual , perceivable , and measurable needs — if you understand those needs — produces better programs .
Last week , Australia found itself officially perched at the top of the world 's worst polluters league .
Dirtier than China , dirtier than all of Europe , dirtier than even the good ol ' US of A .
We are # 1 : the undisputed heavyweight polluter of the world .
Time to take a look in the mirror perhaps ?
Not likely .
The reaction from Mitch Hooke , Chief Executive of the Australian Minerals Council , was typical .
" Even if the Australian economy was shut down , " he stated on ABC , " it would only contribute to a lessening of global emissions by 2 % . "
In other words , ' all the other folk are doing it , let 's go hell for leather !'
Unfortunately , the Rudd Government seems to concur .
Instead of taking real action on emissions reduction , Kevin Rudd seems to have adopted a policy of ' shock and bore . '
That is , stun people with fine sounding rhetoric , then cloak ineffective policies in layers of soul - sapping complexity .
The CPRS is a case in point .
Less well known are the tactics for this December 's world climate summit in Copenhagen , where the dark arts of creative accountancy are the order of the day .
Through a mixture of international offsets and changes to the arcane land use and forestry rules , known as LULUCF , Australian negotiators are aiming to conjure a 13 % emissions reduction by doing nothing at all .
Changes to the land - use rules laid down by Kyoto alone would account for an 8 % cut .
This means that we can actually get even dirtier while looking like we are taking action .
Every aspect of the Government 's climate plans seems designed to unearth new ways to ensure that we can keep on polluting .
No matter how far - fetched the scheme , the Rudd government will back it to the hilt .
The white elephant that is carbon capture and storage springs to mind .
It is frankly bizarre that our pollution reduction plans are reliant on a technology which does not exist and is unlikely to for at least 20 years , if at all .
ABC 's Four Corners last week supplied the latest in a litany of comprehensive demolition jobs on ' clean coal ' , yet it still remains a central plank of Australia 's energy policy .
Also seated comfortably at the Mad Hatter 's tea party is the policy of offsetting - the premise that increased emissions in Australia can be counterbalanced - or offset - by emissions reductions elsewhere .
This does n't mean that if we open a coal - fired power station , somebody else has to close one .
Nothing so transparent .
In fact , a new coal - fired power station in Australia could also be offset by the protection of a forest in Papua New Guinea .
Reducing emissions this way is far cheaper and more politically palatable .
Unfortunately it does n't work .
The premise itself does n't stand up to even the most cursory examination because the reduction from protecting forests is n't actually a reduction at all .
Instead , it is a projection , a figure derived by creating a ' business as usual scenario ' then predicting how much carbon has been saved by avoiding this scenario .
Confused ?
Good .
That 's the idea .
The less you understand , the less you can object .
But why bother with all this chicanery ?
For the answer , we need to return to the realms of reality .
In New South Wales , more new coal and gas - fired power stations are on the table now than at any time since the 1970s , not to mention a massive new coal plant under construction in Western Australia and more planned for Queensland and Victoria .
Under the reign of Rudd , Australia has also cemented another No.1 spot , this time as the world 's largest coal exporter .
Plans are afoot to double our export capacity .
At a time when the rest of the world is shifting to a low - carbon future , Australia is more addicted to coal than ever .
Since Kevin Rudd was elected in large part to deal with climate change , this puts him in a quandary .
But rather than real action , his response has been to try to cheat his way out .
And the impact is far worse than ' winning ' the occasional unwelcome epithet ; because Australia is shooting itself in the foot both economically and environmentally .
Just to take one example , the Great Barrier Reef is being irreversibly damaged by our current climate trajectory .
Not only is this a tragedy on an environmental level , the reef brings in around $ 5 billion every year and more than 60,000 jobs depend on its survival .
The frustrating part is that Australia has vast potential for the development of renewable energy .
But renewables need real investment and genuine government backing .
Urgently switching away from fossil fuels is essential for the environment and - as study after study shows - would boost the economy and create hundreds of thousands of new jobs .
But the longer we wait , the further we will fall behind the rest of the world .
Copenhagen is the big test for Kevin Rudd .
His choice is simple : show some leadership and start to honestly live up to his own climate promises , or carry on doing the dirty .
If he chooses the latter , we can expect to remain lodged as the world 's biggest carbon polluter for many years to come .
In times of doubt and uncertainty , many Americans turn to self - help books in search of encouragement , guidance and self - affirmation .
The positive self - statements suggested in these books , such as " I am a lovable person " or " I will succeed , " are designed to lift a person 's low self - esteem and push them into positive action .
According to a recent study in Psychological Science , however , these statements can actually have the opposite effect .
Psychologists Joanne V. Wood and John W. Lee from the University of Waterloo , and W.Q. Elaine Perunovic from the University of New Brunswick , found that individuals with low self - esteem actually felt worse about themselves after repeating positive self - statements .
The researchers asked participants with low self - esteem and high self - esteem to repeat the self - help book phrase " I am a lovable person . "
The psychologists then measured the participants ' moods and their momentary feelings about themselves .
As it turned out , the individuals with low self - esteem felt worse after repeating the positive self - statement compared to another low self - esteem group who did not repeat the self - statement .
The individuals with high self - esteem felt better after repeating the positive self - statement -- but only slightly .
In a follow - up study , the psychologists allowed the participants to list negative self - thoughts along with positive self - thoughts .
They found that , paradoxically , low self - esteem participants ' moods fared better when they were allowed to have negative thoughts than when they were asked to focus exclusively on affirmative thoughts .
The psychologists suggested that , like overly positive praise , unreasonably positive self - statements , such as " I accept myself completely , " can provoke contradictory thoughts in individuals with low self - esteem .
Such negative thoughts can overwhelm the positive thoughts .
And , if people are instructed to focus exclusively on positive thoughts , they may find negative thoughts to be especially discouraging .
As the authors concluded , " Repeating positive self - statements may benefit certain people [ such as individuals with high self - esteem ] but backfire for the very people who need them the most . "
I recognize that I am double dipping by going back to Mike Montgomery , who was reason # 6 in Volume 2 , but he deserves some additional attention in lieu of his promotion to the Wilmington Blue Rocks today .
After watching Bruce Chen and Sidney Ponson pitch yesterday , I needed to find a rotational “ happy place ” and Montgomery ’s early returns fit the bill .
Monday , Montgomery started his last game for the Burlington Bees and threw a beautiful ballgame .
He went 6.0 innings and struck out 7 while allowing only 3 hits , 1 walk , and 1 run .
In 12 starts with the Bees this season he has allowed more than 1 earned run only twice .
As he moves up to Wilmington he leaves behind a 2.17 ERA , 1.14 WHIP , 2.17 K / BB in 58.0 innings pitched for Burlington .
Opposing batters have managed to hit a paltry 0.206 against him on the season .
His stellar season in low - A was following up his 2008 campaign in rookie ball with the Arizona League Royals where he posted a 1.69 ERA , 1.01 WHIP , and 2.83 K / BB while also holding opposing hitters to a 0.211 BA .
The Royals selected the 6 ’ 5 ″ LHP in the 1st round ( 36th overall ) in the 2008 draft out of high school and he is living up to the hype .
The Blue Rocks will be his 3rd team and 3rd level in the KC system in a calendar year .
Michael Montgomery is moving quickly , and rightfully so .
He has been missing bats , keeping runners off base , showing good control , and has a 7.69 K/9 in 100.2 minor league innings thus far .
2008 5th round pick LHP - John Lamb was even more impressive yesterday in his start for the Burlington Royals .
Lamb went 7.0 innings while allowing 2 hits , 0 runs , and 1 walk while striking out 4 .
He now has a 3.95 ERA , 1.21 WHIP , and 2.78 K / BB in 27.1 IP over 6 starts this season .
The poor pitching of Sidney Ponson and Bruce Chen ca n’t keep my optimism down .
The performance of Trey Hillman and the bullpen is an entirely different matter however .
A happy place does not exist that can overcome what I ’ve witnessed along those lines .
" DEA agents chasing the supply found themselves at factories in China and India , pondering a new reality .
The game was no longer about cocaine .
The organizations were breeding something more lasting : entrepreneurs . "
~ Ben Wallace - Wells , Mother Jones Magazine
For about the tenth time , I admit it .
I ’m a slow learner .
I ’ve lamented the drug war lots of times , in lots of places , covering many of the same points .
Even in the wake of a recent blog post wherein I noted that education and health care are functioning properly from a statist perspective , I still did n’t realize the truth of the “ War on ( Some ) Drugs ” until now .
No , it was only after reading a fascinating article in Mother Jones , from which the quote above is taken , and particularly after deeply drinking of one of the thoughtful comments to that article , that it finally dawned on me :
The drug war is working .
The comment about which I speak , which I will examine below , was submitted by someone who refers to himself as “ Just a guy . ”
He was responding to another poster who referred to himself as " Johnny Hempseed " whose comments I will also include .
Ironically , Hempseed posited many of the same arguments that I ( and others ) have vociferously made .
They include : that history shows that drug use does not lead to a breakdown of society ; that recent evidence in places like Portugal illustrates that legalization does not lead to a dramatic rise in users ; that prohibition generates much if not all of the violence so attendant with the drug war .
Yada .
Yada .
Yada .
Why Our Drug Laws Have ...
James P. Gray Best Price : $ 1.95 Buy New $ 25.25 ( as of 07:45 EST - Details )
The initial respondent , " Johnny Hempseed , " stated :
There were no thugs , gangs , hoodlums , or guns involved with any drugs before the early 1900’s .
They were sold peacefully in apothecaries in cities and off of the back of wagons in rural areas .
True , some users of opiates struggled with addiction , but the rate of addiction was virtually the same as it is today .
Many church missions offered help to the homeless and drug and alcohol addicted .
He continued :
Until the early 1900 ’s there was virtually no stigma on cocaine or cannabis use whatsoever .
These two medicines were routinely used on infants for things like teething pains or colic or restlessness .
Sigmund Freud injected cocaine with a syringe every morning .
Babe Ruth and Sandy Koufax were regular cocaine users , as were most professional baseball athletes .
He repeated something I 've said a thousand times :
To end the War on Some Drugs we have to realize that the best way to attack every violent drug dealer in the country and simultaneously put them all out of business is to sell cannabis , cocaine , and yes , even heroin , legally in regulated outlets .
He ended with :
Almost every time you hear of a violent killing in the USA it ’s because of unresolved commercial drug disputes .
A person who ca n’t call the police is an excellent target for robbery .
And these robbers then become targeted for violence , because you ca n’t sue them or have them prosecuted .
That 's great stuff .
Heck , he could have written my previous essays and saved me some work !
He even used the terminology " war on SOME drugs " which is a personal favorite of mine .
For the record , I agree with him in large part .
However , " Just a guy " posted something that finally gave me pause .
To wit :
Our Right To Drugs : Th ... Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 4.58 Buy New $ 13.27 ( as of 11:10 EST - Details )
That was a very well thought out reply and is the same conclusion that a large portion of our population has reached .
Unfortunately however , it ’s not about the “ War on Drugs ” or saving kids or anything else .
It ’s about profit .
Money .
The drug war is probably our country ’s largest economy .
Politicians , judges , lawyers , police officers , deputy sheriffs , jailers , prison guards , social workers , probation and parole officers , a third of the military , Customs , FBI , DEA , IRS , U.S. Marshals .
The drug war makes these people 's house and car payments at least in part .
The drug war is about continuing to expend resources on an issue that will not go away .
They ’ll never legalize it .
There ’s too much money to be made fighting it and too many jobs at stake to make it legal .
But it is what they should do , they just wo n’t .
I wish I could say that no one has made these points to me before , but I can ’t .
( To those respondents who sent me e-mails with similar points , I apologize for being dense . )
For some reason , “ Just a guy ” caught me at a point when the knowledge could seep in .
The War on ( Some ) Drugs is functioning exactly as one should expect , even right down to the racial disparities in enforcement .
It is certainly an unfortunate fact that there are still people who do n’t accept the historically - relevant and anti-prohibition , liberty - based arguments .
( That so many continue to pettifog about the experience of decriminalization in Portugal simply illustrates the inherent weakness of the argument from effect . )
It is equally unfortunate , if somewhat oddly reassuring , that these people ’s existence has little to do with the fact that the war on drugs likely wo n’t end anytime soon , no matter the rhetoric of change we hear or might be convinced to believe in .
While I am convinced ( by Hoppe , among others ) that the power of the State rests largely on the approval of the masses , history illustrates that a tiny minority with sufficient economic undergirding , implied social authorization , and monopoly of force can exist and flourish despite the fact that the majority seemingly disagrees with them in principal .
( Aside : South Africa experienced apartheid for decades while blacks outnumbered whites at least 10 - to - 1 . Similarly , in the U.S. which has a population of over 300 million people , only about 2 million people work for the federal government , excluding the Postal Service .
Having " them " outnumbered is n't sufficient to generate change . )
As one should expect from almost any action of the coercive state , the war on drugs has created a teeming caldron of self - interested drug - warrior - bureaucrats , people who benefit both from fighting the war , and just as important , seeing that it does not end .
For these people the war on drugs is not only a calling , but an income stream .
Worse yet , the drug war has spawned a network of supposedly private enterprises beholden to it .
This is an ecosystem — large , well - funded , politically - entrenched — that exists directly as a result of the war on drugs .
There is little chance that these people will simply return to normal life or that they would ever wish to do so .
The violence , the power , the control , the money attendant with administering the war on drugs attracted them .
The on - going battle keeps them busy and very gainfully employed .
From the standpoint of the prison - industrial complex , the drug war has created a virtual cottage industry , and it's a really big cottage , complete with a whole new generation of slaves to work the plantation .
The popular narrative — that without valiant drug warriors standing in the gap , drug abuse and crack whores would overwhelm the sacred American family and our way of life — is bogus and has always been so .
The lessons of alcohol prohibition in the U.S. and drug decriminalization around the world bear this out .
However , the popular narrative does somehow manage to keep many of the people the drug warriors claim to protect confused enough to not see the truth , even if that mattered .
Conclusion
So what is the real message of this essay ?
And what does praxeology or Austrian economics have to do with it ?
All too often liberals , conservatives , progressives , and even libertarians are tempted to proclaim that [ government program ] is n't working .
The ostensible facts bear the conclusion out .
Free marketers tend to believe that such programs do n't work due to the endemic inefficiencies of the State .
One could therefore conclude that these programs , complete with the misplaced incentives that undergird them , continue simply due to the inertia inherent in a broken system .
Some of that might be true , but the phrase , " cui bono " comes to mind .
One should consider that before he concludes that a government boondoggle is n't working .
It 's working for somebody , or it really would n't keep on going … and going … and going .
The Best of Wilton Alston
What do you get when you cross a grassroots movement with a food industry fearful of losing its influence ?
Bogus studies , campaigns of misinformation and opinion pieces filled with myth and vitriol .
You may have noticed an uptick this year in news reporting that organic food is n’t really better for you , opinion pieces by conventional farmers saying that they are tired of being demonized by “ agri- intellectuals ” , and guilt - inducing ads by Monsanto in highbrow publications like the New Yorker touting the company ’s ability to feed the world through technology .
Though all of this could be disturbing to those of us committed to sustainable agriculture and food that is fair to eaters , animals , workers and farmers , I ’m choosing to see this as a good sign .
I think it means we might be winning .
The turning point was when First Lady Michelle Obama planted an organic garden on the White House lawn only to receive a letter from The American CropLife Association telling her that they hoped she recognized the value of conventional agriculture in American life .
The letter can be read here .
Then , there were false allegations that the garden was contaminated with lead .
In the face of all this , the first lady stuck with her commitment to keeping the garden organic .
Why is this happening now ?
For many years , organic food was a marginal market and the big players were content to let it either exist on the sidelines or hedge their bets and buy into it themselves .
But due to the excellent work by many writers and activists like Michael Pollan , Eric Schlosser , Marion Nestle , Robert Kenner and others too numerous to mention , more of us are starting to pay attention to where our food comes from and how it is produced .
This market is now a force for change .
And individuals and companies that benefit from the status quo do n’t want change .
Let ’s take a closer look at the people and ideology behind some of the more recent high profile examples of the attacks against sustainable food .
The aforementioned study by London ’s School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine on the nutrient values of organic foods looked at various studies on the subject and compiled them to reach its conclusions .
No new study was conducted .
The meta review ignored some recent studies on nutrients , including one focused on antioxidants .
Not only that , the conductors of the survey only looked a narrow set of very specific nutrients .
They did not consider factors of taste , environmental impact , or pesticide residues in the food – all factors that most consumers I know consider when buying organic foods .
Beyond the obvious limitations of the subject matter , it ’s instructive to take a closer look at how the study was covered in the media , who conducted the study and who funded it .
So let ’s pull back the curtain , shall we ?
Media Coverage :
Though the study looked at only 8 different nutrients and concluded there was no evidence of a difference in nutrient quality between organically - and conventionally - produced foodstuffs , it went on to say that there were other reasons to buy organic food .
Headline writers like tension so all the headlines were some variation on “ organic foods not really better for you ” or worse yet , “ the organic foods hoax ” .
What is the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine ?
The London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine is a respected college within the University of London , so all would seem to be on the up and up .
But , this is the same school that published a hateful and not at all scientifically - rigorous study blaming fat people for global warming .
I ’d love to get into the problems with this study but that ’s another post .
Who Funded the Study ?
The study was commissioned by the UK’s Food Standards Agency .
The agency is an independent part of government set up by Parliament in response to food contamination issues and the resulting lack of consumer confidence .
The FSA is supposed to serve consumers , and it does in many cases , but like our very own USDA and FDA , the agency can be influenced by the food industry .
Their slogan says it all : “ safer food , better business ” .
And a quick look at the profiles of FSA staffers reveals more than a few food industry folk .
And then there ’s Missouri farmer , Blake Hurst , in his article for The American Enterprise Institute .
He attacks Pollan and other “ agri-intellectuals ” and city folk in general for making all kinds of assumptions about farmers and for presuming that they know the “ messy , dirty ” business of farming much better than farmers .
Throughout the piece Hurst erodes his credibility by making his own unfounded assumptions about his opponents , including the guy on the plane behind him , with whom he opens the story .
He also says that he wo n’t change until the consumer forces his hand , ignoring the real lack of consumer power inherent in a food system that uses taxpayer dollars to subsidize the production of commodity crops that are then used to produce the unhealthy foods that fill the shelves of our grocery stores .
Foods ( or food products ) whose sheer volume and variety of brightly - colored packaging , flavors , colors and sizes are supposed to convince us of the abundance of our choices as consumers , when in fact all we ’re really buying is agricultural surplus dressed up with chemicals , technology and marketing .
Then he brilliantly skewers his own argument by using a false urban ( or rural ? ) legend about a flock of turkeys so stupid they drowned themselves in a rainstorm to make his point that conventional farmers who pack the sentient beings we raise for food into crowded , filthy sheds are really protecting the animals from their own stupidity .
Oh , and by the way , what is this American Enterprise Institute that published Hurst ’s article ?
I ’m glad you asked .
The AEI is a neoconservative think tank devoted to free enterprise capitalism .
According to Sourcewatch , AEI has funded studies that debunk climate change research , refutes studies showing the social costs of tobacco use , and has even worked to promote the Iraq war .
The AEI staff listing includes Lynne Cheney , Newt Gingrich and Richard Perle .
As for Monsanto ’s advertisements attempting to influence the very people who are most likely to read writers like Michael Pollan and publications like EcoSalon , do n’t be fooled .
We ’ve done enough work here , here , and here that gets to the truth about Monsanto .
And here ’s an excellent piece from Grist detailing exactly why those specific ads are so bogus .
According to a recent survey , consumers are confused about and skeptical of green marketing claims , and misinformed about terms like natural and organic .
That ’s exactly how some would like it to be .
But there ’s another side to this story :
The status - quoers will eventually have to acknowledge that the system as it stands now will not serve anyone ’s needs much longer , even theirs .
As global warming accelerates and fuel costs rise , we need to figure out how to produce food differently .
Maybe consumer power wo n’t ever be enough to force farmers like Blake Hurst to start to look at farming differently but the limiting characteristics of our unsustainable system will .
Until then , I wo n’t allow myself to be swayed by the propaganda of the resisters ; I ’ll put my money where the facts are – with the visionary , hopeful , innovative farmers who are doing things differently .
Because , even though small - scale organic farming may not be the only answer , it can be part of a whole systemic change toward feeding ourselves without ruining the planet .
And it tastes a lot better !
Image : lepiaf.geo
This is the latest installment in Vanessa Barrington ’s weekly column , The Green Plate , on the environmental , social , and political issues related to what and how we eat .
By Richard Fidler
September 13 , 2009 -- Life on the Left -- Colonisation .
Conquest .
Words that even today evoke widely varying historical memories .
Just last year Quebec City staged an elaborate round of events to celebrate the 400th anniversary of its founding as the colonial capital of New France .
No expense was spared as federal and provincial governments alike poured money into the city ’s coffers .
Capping the ceremonies were massively attended concerts by Québécoise singer Céline Dion and former Beatle Paul McCartney — apparently deemed emblematic descendants of the French and British “ founding peoples ” of present - day Canada .
It seemed to be one great love - in of all those involved .
( Lost in all the self - congratulatory rhetoric , of course , was any recognition that the city ’s site had in fact been occupied by its Indigenous inhabitants for many centuries prior to the arrival of the Europeans . )
This year was the occasion for another anniversary .
On September 13 , 1759 — 250 years ago — in a 20 - minute battle on the same city ’s Plains of Abraham , the invading British defeated a French army , effectively putting an end to the French empire in North America .
But plans to mark this anniversary , from the outset , sparked an acrimonious debate among politicians and the media .
The dispute expressed the deep divide between those who are basically satisfied with Quebec ’s place in Canada and those who are n’t .
And to some degree it reflected the widespread recognition among the Québécois that the Conquest was the seminal event at the origin of their inequality of status as a people within Canada .
It all began in January , when the National Battlefields Commission , a federal government agency that administers the remains of the French fortress on the Plains of Abraham , announced plans to stage a re-enactment of the famous battle .
Following a huge outcry of opposition , this was dropped .
It seemed that many Québécois did not want to be reminded of an event that sealed their fate as an oppressed minority in the post -Conquest colony .
Then a coalition of Québécois nationalists announced that they would stage a different kind of re-enactment : a series of events to “ Reclaim the Plains ” , culminating in “ Le Moulin à Paroles ” ( literally the word - mill , or chatterbox ) , a public reading on the weekend of September 12 - 13 of some 140 works by various protagonists in Quebec ’s troubled history from the time of the Conquest to the pro-Quebec sovereignty movement of today .
It would feature , for example , statements by Louis - Joseph Papineau , a leader of the 1837 Rebellion , and by Louis Riel , the martyred leader of the Northwest Rebellion of Métis and Indigenous peoples in the 1880s , as well as excerpts from the infamous 1840 report of Lord Durham proposing that British policy promote the assimilation of the French - speaking population of Canada , and from a letter by British General James Wolfe , commander of the victorious army in 1759 , written a few months before the battle .
“ It would give me pleasure to see the Canadian vermin sacked and pillaged ” , wrote Wolfe .
And indeed , that is precisely what the British troops did in towns and villages along the St. Lawrence as they pursued their offensive .
But what most drew the ire of the big- business media and politicians in both Quebec and English Canada was the organisers ’ plan to read from the “ Manifesto ” of the Front de Libération du Québec ( FLQ ) , issued during the October Crisis of 1970 .
Recited on the federal government ’s CBC / Radio Canada as a condition for the release of a British trade commissioner in Montréal kidnapped by an FLQ “ cell ” , the manifesto ’s popularly worded message had , to the authorities ’ surprise at the time , struck a sympathetic note with many Québécois who nevertheless did not support the FLQ :
Workers in industry , in mines and in the forests !
Workers in the service industries , teachers , students and unemployed !
Take what belongs to you , your jobs , your determination and your freedom .
And you , the workers at General Electric , you make your factories run ; you are the only ones able to produce ; without you , General Electric is nothing !
Workers of Quebec , begin from this day forward to take back what is yours ; take yourselves what belongs to you .
Only you know your factories , your machines , your hotels , your universities , your unions ; do not wait for some organization to produce a miracle .
Make your revolution yourselves in your neighbourhoods , in your places of work .
If you do n't do it yourselves , other usurpers , technocrats or someone else , will replace the handful of cigar - smokers we know today and everything will have to be done all over again .
Only you are capable of building a free society .
We must struggle not individually but together , till victory is obtained , with every means at our disposal , like the Patriots of 1837 - 1838 ( those whom Our Holy Mother Church hastened to excommunicate , the better to sell out to British interests ) . [ 1 ]
The “ savage , sneering , race - supremacist ... self - justification of a gang of terrorist murderers ” , sniffed the editors of the Toronto daily National Post , overlooking the violence and terrorism of a Wolfe or a Durham .
Quebec Premier Jean Charest spoke for many federalist politicians : “ We are not going to be associated with an event that trivializes the FLQ , terrorism and violence . ”
No government funding for this event !
( Only last fall , by the way , the federal government ’s National Arts Centre in Ottawa had performed in French a show entitled Manifeste ! , featuring readings from such historical documents as the Communist Manifesto , the Dada Manifesto , Quebec ’s Refus Global ( 1948 ) and ... the FLQ Manifesto !
Apparently , time and place play some role in official responses to these things . )
Why the French lost
Besides the political flap over Le Moulin à Paroles , however , the 250th anniversary of the Conquest elicited a few attempts in more serious media to recount and explain the events that led to the defeat of the French regime in North America .
For example , the Montréal daily newspaper Le Devoir , relatively sympathetic to Quebec nationalism and the sovereignty movement , ran a series of articles over the last month interviewing contemporary historians on their explanations of the British victory .
They pointed to a number of factors : the small size of Quebec ’s population in 1759 ( 60,000 inhabitants , compared with 1.5 million in the 13 English colonies to the south ) ; the dispersion of the French over a vast territory , largely inhabited by the Indigenous peoples , and their decreasing ability to withstand the English colonies ’ pressure to expand west of the Ohio ; France ’s setbacks in Europe in the Seven Years ’
War with Britain beginning in 1756 , and its inability to supply its North American colony with the supplies and troops needed to defeat the British offence .
Key to this , it was commonly noted , was the British navy ’s supremacy on the seas , a major impediment to French communication with its colonies .
The military importance of the navy was like that of the air force today .
Whoever controlled the seas would control America . [ 2 ]
Although the French , allied with some Indigenous peoples , won a few battles in the early stages of the war , by 1759 their situation was worsened .
The battle of the Plains of Abraham was preceded by 63 days of bombardment of Québec by the British fleet assembled off the nearby Isle d’Orléans .
The town lacked munitions and food ; many people were ill .
The September 13 defeat on the plains was not the final skirmish — the French forces actually won a few more battles before the Empire ’s defeat was confirmed in the 1763 treaties .
But it destroyed the morale of the colony ’s inhabitants , who were already becoming alienated from a royalist autocracy that was more interested in quick profits from the fur trade than it was in fostering and maintaining enduring settlements in the colony .
The French defeat signalled the end of its empire .
The treaties ending the Seven Years ’
War , signed in 1763 , left it with only a few colonies in the Western Hemisphere : Haiti , Martinique , Guadeloupe , St. Lucia and , offshore of Newfoundland , St - Pierre and Miquelon .
The latter assured France 's access to the fisheries of the Grand Banks — and gave it a pretext to revive its naval fleet , which later assisted the 13 British colonies in their war of independence .
In fact , the Conquest helped open the door to the American Revolution , by removing a French colony to the north and west as a potential menace to American settlers ’ sovereigntist and expansionist tendencies .
Not least important , the Conquest was a catastrophe for the aboriginal inhabitants of America .
As historian Denis Vaugeois notes , it ended an important system of alliances with Indigenous peoples that allowed the French to control an immense territory .
The defeat of a revolt headed by the Outaouais chief Pontiac , who refused to ally with the British , marked the ultimate collapse of the Indigenous peoples ’ capacity to resist successfully the expansion of the Anglo - American colonists , US historian Fred Anderson told Le Devoir .
Social and political implications of the Conquest
However , the recent media accounts — some of which focused on the thesis that France had “ abandoned ” its Canadian colonists out of disinterest — largely overlook the underlying explanation for the French defeat in these battles among the colonial empires , “ the very first world war ” .
To understand what was involved , an inquisitive reader is well advised to begin his or her investigations with the work of the Marxist historian Stanley B. Ryerson .
His book French Canada , first published in 1943 ( a later French - language version , Le Canada français , was published in 1945 ) , still stands as a seminal analysis of the roots of Québécois inequality and oppression within the emerging Canadian social formation .
[ 3 ]
Ryerson attributes France ’s defeat in the Seven Years War to the relative backwardness of its class relationships , mode of production and political regime :
That France in the long run was to meet defeat , was due primarily to the fact that her rival enjoyed a major advantage : the English bourgeoisie in the Great Rebellion of 1642 - 48 had broken the back of feudal - aristocratic obstruction , whereas the French bourgeoisie was to establish its Republic and sweep aside the feudal fetters on economic progress only in 1789 - 93 — thirty years after the loss of New France . [ 4 ]
This had important implications for the post -Conquest colony .
The new English rulers , initially a small minority , consciously enlisted the support and collaboration of some of the most retrograde elements of the old regime in their administration .
At the same time , they maintained the semifeudal property relations of New France , leaving the habitant settlers largely restricted to small scale subsistence agriculture , while superimposing English hegemony on the commercial and industrial development of what was to become Lower Canada .
Through such legislation as the Quebec Act , 1774 , they suspended the operation of the English Test Act , thus allowing Roman Catholics to hold public office , and maintained the special status of the Catholic Church and clergy , including their control of schools .
These measures laid the basis for the formation of a Francophone petty bourgeois and religious elite that would collaborate with the new colonial rulers in maintaining political and ideological control over the population .
Also , French civil and property law was preserved ; and — most important — the system of seigniorial landholding , temporarily abolished in 1763 , was restored together with the restitution of tithes and other feudal burdens on the French - Canadian habitant peasantry .
These semifeudal property relationships were to remain in effect for many decades following the Conquest , and lingered to some degree , despite their legislative “ abolition ” , to well into the 20th century , through the conversion of feudal - like obligations into a system of debt peonage .
And they served to hold back the technological development of agriculture and retarded the development of capitalism in French Canada and among French Canadians .
Industrial capitalism was slow to develop in Quebec , and when it did it tended to be dominated by the English .
And this , too , was a result of the Conquest , Ryerson explains :
The political fact of the British Conquest was at once the resultant and the initiator of economic developments .
As we have seen , the superior economic strength of merchant - imperial Britain and her American colonies triumphed over absolutist France and her settlement on the St. Lawrence .
From the time of the Conquest , the colonial economy of the Canadas was to become integrated with the most advanced industrial capitalism then in existence — that of England .
Not only did English merchants take over from the French the main sources of capital - accumulation — the fur - trade and the land - monopoly ; but , enjoying in addition the advantages of business connections with English capital , they were to thrive on the investment of large portions of that capital in the timber - trade , canals and railways of the colony .
Thus from the very start , while the mass of the French - Canadians remained tied to the primitive agrarian economy of the seigneuries , the English community was able to press forward on the path of trade and industry . [ 5 ]
Thus the conversion of the French colonising population into a colonised subject people resulted in a new national question that in various transformations and permutations has persisted to this day .
More recent history , of course , has seen many important changes in Quebec .
Ryerson himself was noting , in 1945 , how the development of large - scale industry in the early 20th century , taking advantage of abundant cheap labour and natural resources , was creating a large Québécois proletariat .
Since World War II , and particularly since the early 1960s , Quebec has transformed its society by secularisation , the development of a welfare state , the modernisation of education and a new assertive approach to French - language rights .
By 1970 quite a few Québécois were prepared to listen sympathetically to the FLQ ’s denunciations of the bosses .
Politically , however , the Canadian state structures have failed to keep pace with the social and political reality of the new Quebec , nor has English Canada developed the necessary inclination to accommodate Quebec ’s ongoing concerns over the maintenance and survival of its character as a French - speaking nation .
The debate over how or whether to mark the British Conquest reflects this unresolved issue .
The Conquest as an historical event , and its impact on Quebec ’s subsequent evolution and status , still leave few indifferent .
An editorial in the September 12 edition of the conservative nationalist Le Devoir underscored the ambiguity of many in Quebec today about their relationship to Canada .
Entitled , in translation , “ The battle of the Plains of Abraham – A duty of memory ” , it noted that the small French community on the banks of the St. Lawrence had managed to survive and thrive in part thanks to “ a series of accommodations ” made initially by the British ( as noted above ) .
But the “ battles of national affirmation ” since then , it said , were too many to count , ranging from struggles for French schools , postage stamps and bilingual currency to the exercise of provincial autonomy and recognition of the distinct character of Quebec society .
“ And there still remains a reluctance within the other founding people to accept the existence of a ‘ difference ’ . ”
Quebec , the newspaper continued , seemed unable to resolve its conundrum .
Those who sought to reform Canadian federalism had failed in the Meech Lake Accord , while the sovereigntists had narrowly lost the 1995 referendum .
Neither course now seemed to offer a way out .
The maturity acquired by Quebec over these 250 years enables it to take refuge in itself .
Its steadfast vote for the Bloc Québécois in federal elections for 16 years is nothing but a manifestation of passive resistance , serving to affirm its distinctiveness .
That is a situation that cannot endure forever , however .
The 250 years since this September 13 , 1759 tell us that resignation , especially , is not an option .
We must either resume the dialogue to find new accommodations that will give some sense to the recognition of Quebec as a nation , or we will have to conclude that Quebec must walk by itself .
Postscriptum
The alternative commemoration of the Conquest , Le Moulin à Paroles , was held throughout the weekend of September 12 - 13 , 2009 .
It was a great success .
The audience , at times more than 1000 persons , descended on the Plains of Abraham armed with folding chairs , blankets and even hammocks , and listened attentively to a broad range of readings and songs that are important parts of Quebec ’s historical and literary heritage .
The texts , authors and readers — the latter including prominent artists , politicians , Indigenous leaders , trade - union activists , and singers — are listed on the event ’s web site , at http://tinyurl.com/q92jt2.
The site also includes media accounts , photos , videos and a reproduction of the entire event as broadcast live on the TVA television network .
[ Richard Fidler is a contributing editor of Socialist Voice .
This article first appeared at Richard Fidler 's blog , Life on the Left , and has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Notes
[ 1 ]
The full text in English is at http://english.republiquelibre.org/Manifesto-flq.html.
[ 2 ]
One of the best recent sources in English on the war for colonial supremacy between Britain and France is by Jonathan R Dull , The French Navy and the Seven Years ’ War ( 2005 , University of Nebraska Press ) , much of which is available online at http://tinyurl.com/r5sgnk.
[ 3 ]
The book has recently been made available on - line by Progress Publishers : http://tinyurl.com/q95spq.
The book suffers in places from attempts to square its generally sympathetic treatment of the Quebec national question with the Labour Progressive [ Communist ]
Party ’s support in the 1940s of “ total war ” , which put the party at odds with the prevailing antiwar and anti-conscription sentiment in Quebec .
In his 1980 preface to the third edition , Ryerson acknowledges his embarrassment over some of its more extreme attacks on Québécois nationalists , attributing this to “ sectarian oversimplification ” although he does not link this to its Stalinist inspiration .
He is also critical of the book ’s sanguine interpretation of the terms of the 1867 Confederation as they affected Quebec , a weakness he corrected to some degree in a subsequent book , Unequal Union ( 1968 ) .
[ 4 ] French Canada , p. 113 .
[ 5 ] Ibid. , p. 133 .
Learn How Our Team Can Help You
The attorney you hire has the potential to impact your life .
You deserve a committed , skilled , experienced legal team dedicated to protecting your interests .
Let our team help you .
Call our office to set up a consultation .
Energy bulls gambling that the world economy will soon resume its bubble trajectory need to remember two facts : industrial production over the last year is still down 19 pc in Japan , 18 pc in Italy , 17 pc in Germany , 15 pc in Canada , 13 pc in France and Russia .
11 pc in the US and the UK and 10 pc in Brazil .
A 12 pc rise in China does not offset this .
When we set out building Pandora four years ago we knew that our work would n’t be done until we ’d found a great way to unlock the service from the PC .
Just over a year ago the iPhone let us take the first compelling step in that direction and the year since has been filled with a bunch of mobile product launches from Pandora .
I ’m delighted to announce that today we ’re finally ready to extend the Pandora experience to Android .
As of today Pandora is available directly from Pandora at www.pandora.com/android as well as in the Android Market .
I ’m really excited about how Pandora for Android turned out .
You listen to all the Pandora stations that you ’ve been listening to on the web and the application is deeply integrated with many of the core Android features too .
You can control playback from a home screen widget , “ deep tap ” any artist or song in the standard Android music player and jump into Pandora to discover other similar artists , make a smart folder to get quick access to your stations from the home screen , buy tracks you discover from the Amazon MP3 application , use your Android address book to share stations with your friends , and of course listen in the background while you ’re doing other things on the phone .
Pandora runs on both the myTouch and the G1 today and I ’m also excited to announce that we ’re working with Sprint to ensure that Pandora works flawlessly on the HTC Hero when it becomes available next month .
This one has been a long time in coming ; thanks so much for your patience .
Hope it was worth the wait and that you enjoy taking Pandora with you as much as we enjoyed building it .
… when you see the long term chart of the Nasdaq you ’ll see what I mean .
I ’m in cash at this point after selling both stocks during the first 10 - 15 minutes of trading .
I ’m not expecting the markets to crash or anything , but I would be very careful about putting new money in the markets right now .
Today ’s move higher has a “ sucker ’s rally ” characteristic about it .
One other chart I wanted to point out is that the TSX failed to register a new high today .
That is not a good sign for the short term move higher in Canadian stocks .
The regulator overseeing America 's financial markets was tipped off six times in 16 years of suspicions surrounding Bernard Madoff 's fraudulent $ 150bn ( £ 92 bn ) investment empire but investigators ignored red flags and mishandled five separate inquiries into the biggest Ponzi scheme in Wall Street history .
A highly critical 450 - page official report into the conduct of the US Securities and Exchange Commission has revealed that the agency was alerted to suspicions surrounding Madoff as early as 1992 .
But although enforcement staff caught Madoff in " lies and misrepresentations ‚ " they failed to follow up on inconsistencies , allowing the corrupt fund manager to continue embezzling money until his confession in December 2008 .
" Despite numerous credible and detailed complaints , the SEC never properly examined or investigated Madoff 's trading and never took the necessary , but basic , steps to determine if Madoff was operating a Ponzi scheme , " concluded David Kotz , the SEC 's inspector general .
The findings shed new light on how Madoff succeeded in staying under the radar of law enforcement authorities for so long .
The 71 - year - old fund manager is serving a 150 - year sentence for fraud , theft and money laundering at a federal prison in North Carolina .
The report follows an admission by the SEC in December that its oversight of Madoff had been inadequate .
The SEC 's newly appointed chair Mary Schapiro , who was installed by the Obama administration , reiterated the agency 's apology : " It is a failure that we continue to regret , and one that has led us to reform in many ways how we regulate markets and protect investors . "
Kotz found no evidence to support allegations that personal ties helped Madoff to evade detection .
Madoff 's niece , Shana , was married to a former SEC assistant director , Eric Swanson , but the inspector general said there was nothing to suggest any improper interference with the agency 's work .
But Kotz revealed that a suspicion of trouble at Madoff Investment Securities arose as early as 1992 when customers of Avellino & Bienes , a fund that invested all its money with Madoff , complained about documents making a seemingly impossible promise of " 100 % " safe investments .
Although the SEC shut down Avellino & Bienes , the agency only made a " brief and very limited " examination of Madoff .
Similarly inadequate probes took place in response to warnings in 2000 , 2003 , 2004 and 2005 .
Tip - offs included a detailed dossier of information assembled by a whistleblower , Harry Markopolos , who bluntly entitled his correspondence : " The world 's largest hedge fund is a fraud . "
In a final attempt to prompt action , an anonymous correspondent identified only as a " concerned citizen " wrote to the SEC in December 2006 , warning of a " scandal of major proportion " at Madoff 's firm .
The tipster repeated this warning in March 2008 , adding : " It may be of interest to you that Mr Bernard Madoff keeps two sets of records .
The most interesting of which is on his computer which is always on his person . "
Madoff finally confessed when the financial crisis caused investors to withdraw large sums from his firm - withdrawals that he was unable to meet .
Victims who lost investments in Madoff 's fraud include a large number of elderly clients , Jewish charities and Hollywood names including Kevin Bacon and Steven Spielberg .
At the end of last week , there was an article in the Boston Globe talking about a prep school discarding all of their books and converting the library into an information center , complete with Kindles & Sony E-readers , plasma televisions streaming internet video , and coffee bar .
Most notably in the article , the headmaster sees books as “ an outdated technology , like scrolls before books ” .
The reaction on Twitter ( where the article was linked to me ) was mostly sadness and outrage at the decision .
( Here ’s a quick search regarding it . )
I ca n’t say that my gut reaction was n’t along those lines ; but the more I think about it , the more such a decision makes sense to me .
From the collection development point of view , a non-fiction collection represents a static snapshot of the world as it understood at that moment .
In general , from the moment a non-fiction book is printed , the information within starts becoming obsolete .
On a long enough time line , this book will be replaced by a new one that reflects the new research , new understandings , and / or new information that has been uncovered on a subject .
I will concede that some subjects are going to remain unchanged barring a revolutionary breakthrough .
However , when it comes to non-fiction of dynamic subjects such as modern events , science , economics , computers , art , and sports , static print will inevitably be outdated on a regular basis .
Within my own library system , parts of our print reference collection are being replaced by virtual reference library .
The contemporary nature of subscription services and reference materials on a host of subjects ( such as the ones I have named ) make a virtual reference collection preferable to a print collection so as to reflect the most up to date information and make it universally available across all of our branches .
In terms of examining a fiction collection from a collection development point of view , the move by the prep school confuses me .
Fiction literature , unlike its non-fiction counterpart , does not carry the burden of being dynamic and up to date .
Why not keep print copies of the great classics , for they will always be the same ?
Keeping a print copy on hand could n’t be that bad , could it ?
But I think the issue is beyond a collection one ; this passage from the article was very telling to me :
School officials said when they checked library records one day last spring only 48 books had been checked out , and 30 of those were children ’s books .
In my mind , it turns the issue into a circulation one .
As I work on weeding our non-fiction collection at my branch , I ’m looking at numbers as a factor as to whether or not I remove a book from the collection .
( Do n’t worry , it ’s not the only factor . )
But within your own library , if you have a book that does n’t circulate , is n’t that the first step towards weeding it from the collection ?
In this drastic case , all of the books got weeded as one for anemic circulation numbers .
( Aside :
In talking about this with The Unquiet Librarian , we are both left with the question :
Where is the school librarian in all of this ?
I would presume under a gag order from the school , but there is no mention of a library staff member from the headmaster or the article .
I would be curious what part this person has in the conversion process , if any . )
I think this type of move by a school is intriguing enough to see how it goes ; an experiment , if you will .
But I think the real question that librarians and library professionals should be asking themselves is this : are we married to a medium or a message ?
If we fight to preserve books for the sake of books , are we adding argument to our own irrelevancy ?
Nowhere in the article is it stated that reading is being discouraged ; in fact , there is a distinct impression by one of the commenters that using online or e-readers is a second class citizen of reading .
( William Powell : “ “ There are modes of learning and thinking that at the moment are only available from actual books , ’’ he said .
“ There is a kind of deep - dive , meditative reading that ’s almost impossible to do on a screen .
Without books , students are more likely to do the grazing or quick reading that screens enable , rather than be by themselves with the author ’s ideas . ’’)
To this point , I can not agree .
It is the words that matter , not the medium on which they are found .
An idea does not morph or mutate when it moves from print to screen ; only the form of the messenger that relays them .
It is my belief that one of my purposes as a librarian is connect a patron to the literature or information of what they desire regardless of the medium .
If a patron wants something in a non-print format ( audio , e-book , or video ) , then I should do my best to get it to them in their preferred format .
To outright defend the removal of the print medium regardless of the underlying facts and circumstances is a rehearsal of one ’s own prejudices against words found in forms other than print .
Librarians are for intellectual freedom with no stipulation as to how the mental investigative process runs ; in that capacity , we should look to champion such an ideal in all possible mediums , regardless of our personal preferences .
The strength of the future library collection is not in the total numbers of titles owned , but the number of different formats materials in the collection come in .
The book will never die , but the printed page that it is most commonly found in may fade into the background as the paperless book revolution marches forward .
This is an exciting time as the barriers to information access crumble away with each technological innovation cycle .
This is a time to innovate our services and materials to match this future need .
Share this
Preachers praying harm to our President end up harming out country .
By Kay Marshall Strom ,
Eugene author of 36 books ,
A minister in Tempe , Arizona , praying for the death of the president after delivering a sermon entitled “ Why I hate Barak Obama ” ?
Other preachers , from California to South Carolina , telling their congregations that they pray President Obama will die in office ?
Yikes !
On election day when George W. Bush was declared winner of his second term as president , I was in India .
An Indian man said to me , “ Do you understand how unique you Americans are ?
You fight hard during a political campaign , but after the election is over , you all settle down and work together .
No one burns an opponent ’s village .
No one beats members of the other party to death .
You still have strong disagreements , but you work together for the good of the country .
We cannot understand that .
The whole world watches you with admiration . ”
I wonder what they are saying this year ?
Two years ago I wrote Once Blind : The Life of John Newton , the story of the author of the hymn “ Amazing Grace . ”
An 18th century English slave ship captain caught by God , Newton was transformed into a powerful preacher and an abolitionist who helped turn the heart of a nation against the slave trade .
Looking back on the brutalities he had personally witnessed ( indeed , that he himself had committed ! ) , John Newton shuddered in horror .
He vigorously condemned the atrocities , but he did n’t stop there .
He insisted that the actions of slavers so changed and hardened them that they themselves became out - of - control barbarians .
Then he went further still .
He expanded this charge to say that allowing slavery to exist calloused British society as a whole into dangerous moral compromise .
“ In treating [ the Africans ] as less than human , we become less than human ourselves , ” Newton said .
“ How else could we act in so uncivilized , so unchristian , a way ? ”
John Newton could well be speaking to the United States of America in 2009 .
Does the hate - filled vitriol we hear today come from deep - seated racial prejudice ?
“ No , no , ” some are saying .
“ It is merely politics as usual . ”
Not when preachers of the gospel of Christ stand in their pulpits spurring their parishioners on with hate - filled prayers , it is n’t .
No , at that point we must look inward and ask , “ What is happening to us ?
What are we becoming ? ”
Americans — Republicans , Democrats , Independents , Libertarians … those who agree with current policies and those who disagree — if the president of the United States ever needed your prayers … if our country ever needed them … now is the time .
For the sake of us all .
Kay Marshall Strom , Eugene author of 36 books including her most recent , The Call of Zulina , Book 1 of the Grace in Africa fiction trilogy ( Abingdon Press ) .
www.kaystrom.com
www.GraceInAfrica.com
Learning to juggle enhances part of the white matter of the brain .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Learning to juggle leads to changes in the white matter of the brain , an Oxford University study has shown .
The research , funded by the Wellcome Trust and Medical Research Council and published in the journal Nature Neuroscience , appears to show improved connectivity in parts of the brain involved in making movements necessary to catch the balls .
‘ We tend to think of the brain as being static , or even beginning to degenerate , once we reach adulthood , ’ says Dr Heidi Johansen - Berg of the Department of Clinical Neurology , University of Oxford , who led the work .
‘ In fact we find the structure of the brain is ripe for change .
We ’ve shown that it is possible for the brain to condition its own wiring system to operate more efficiently . ’
The researchers at the Oxford Centre for Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging of the Brain ( FMRIB ) set out to see if changes in the white matter of the brain could be seen in healthy adults on learning a new task or skill .
White matter consists of the bundles of long nerve fibres that conduct electrical signals between nerve cells and connect different parts of the brain together , while the grey matter consists of the nerve cell bodies where the processing and computation in the brain is done .
Changes in grey matter following new experiences and learning have been shown .
But enhancements in white matter have not previously been demonstrated .
Measuring changes in white matter relied on assessing diffusion MRI images using new methods pioneered by the FMRIB centre at Oxford .
The methods are able to compare anatomical features of white matter between individuals or over time .
‘ We have demonstrated that there are changes in the white matter of the brain - the bundles of nerve fibres that connect different parts of the brain - as a result of learning an entirely new skill , ’ explains Dr Johansen - Berg .
A group of young healthy adults , none of whom could juggle , was divided into two groups each of 24 people .
One of the groups was given weekly training sessions in juggling for six weeks and asked to practice 30 minutes every day .
Both groups were scanned using diffusion MRI before and after the six - week period .
Juggler , postgraduate student at FMRIB , and first author on the paper , Jan Scholz , said : ‘ We challenged half of the volunteers to learn to do something entirely new .
After six weeks of juggling training , we saw changes in the white matter of this group compared to the others who had received no training .
The changes were in regions of the brain which are involved in reaching and grasping in the periphery of vision , so that seems to make a lot of sense . ’
After the training , there was a great variation in the ability of the volunteers to juggle .
All could juggle three balls for at least two cascades , but some could juggle five balls and perform other tricks .
All showed changes in white matter , however , suggesting this was down to the time spent training and practising rather than the level of skill attained .
‘ This exciting new result raises a lot of questions , ’ says Dr Johansen - Berg , ‘MRI is an indirect way to measure brain structure and so we cannot be sure exactly what is changing when these people learn .
Future work should test whether these results reflect changes in the shape or number of nerve fibres , or growth of the insulating myelin sheath surrounding the fibres . ’
Dr Johansen - Berg says : ‘ Of course , this does n’t mean that everyone should go out and start juggling to improve their brains .
We chose juggling purely as a complex new skill for people to learn .
But there is a ‘ use it or lose it ’ school of thought , in which any way of keeping the brain working is a good thing , such as going for a walk or doing a crossword . ’
‘ There are potential clinical applications of this work , although they are a long way off , ’ adds Dr Johansen - Berg .
‘ Knowing that pathways in the brain can be enhanced may be significant in the long run in coming up with new treatments for neurological diseases , such as multiple sclerosis , where these pathways become degraded . ’
Provided by Oxford University
Reduced to a menacing swirl of low clouds , the storm formerly known as hurricane Fred seemed an afterthought .
Once a Category 3 hurricane – and the strongest storm ever on record to push into the east Atlantic – hurricane Fred had been sheared off by strong El Niño - spawned air currents in the upper atmosphere .
But what remained of the storm traveled nearly 2,000 miles from where its eye had petered out and essentially slid under a high - level low - pressure area that had pummeled the Southeast with rain since Sept. 15 .
That combination produced nearly 20 inches of rain in some places , bringing widespread flooding , killing 10 , and piling up some $ 250 million in damages .
Much of this was in formerly drought - stricken metro Atlanta , during a mostly calm US hurricane season .
" It was the fact that Fred had no head that it managed to wander over as far west as it did , " says Keith Blackwell , a hurricane tracker at the University of South Alabama in Mobile .
" Combined with the weather system that was already there , it was enough to produce a heavy flood pattern . "
For many storm experts , Fred 's role in the Atlanta flood is a reminder that hurricanes sometimes do most of their damage far from the dramatic approach of a thunderous eye .
In fact , one of the last deadly floods in the Southeast came on the heels of hurricane Ivan in 2004 .
After coming ashore in Alabama , Ivan produced flooding as far north as New Hampshire and triggered major landslides in the North Carolina mountains .
Twenty - five Americans were killed .
Hurricane Agnes 's destruction in the Susquehanna River basin in Pennsylvania in the 1970s is another example of a hurricane producing the bulk of its damage far from its eye .
" You can't count these systems out until they 're totally dead , and there are no clouds left , " says Mr. Blackwell .
-----
Lesson from the Atlanta flood
Nationally , about 30 percent of storm victims live outside 100 - year flood zones .
Click here for more on the unpreparedness of many Americans .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Seeing stars is usually due to a lack of blood reaching the brain , and thus a lack of oxygen .
Most commonly this happens after standing up quickly or straightening after bending over .
You do n't see it all the time because the arteries serving the brain reflexive ly dilate to maintain pressure , but those reflex es may be disturbed by lack of sleep or food , a hangover , or an infection .
Physical trauma may also cause the reflex to malfunction , which is why stars float around Sylvester the Cat 's head when he gets bonk ed .
Rarely , seeing stars can be caused by blood reaching the brain .
This does n't happen much outside of the laboratory or a jet fighter , as the arteries have a very strong constriction reflex to keep it in check .
The stars you see are actually neurons in your visual cortex misfiring , a hallucination at the lowest possible level .
When the neurons ' oxygenation changes drastically , their membrane potential also changes .
Ordinarily this would n't matter , because all of the surrounding neurons ' potentials would change at the same time .
When it happens due to standing quickly or taking a few G's of acceleration , the change happens so fast that the neurons closest to capillaries change well before the surrounding neurons .
This causes them to fire spontaneously which your brain interprets as vision ; you see stars .
Another possible cause of seeing stars is posterior vitreous detachment , which mostly affects people over age 50 .
PVD happens when the eye 's vitreous shrinks and collapses , detaching it from the inner surface of the eye .
This causes all manners of floaters and distortions to be visible , including ones that look just like the stars mentioned above .
PVD can result in retinal breakage or detachment and thus cause blindness , so if you notice a sudden onset of seeing stars and other visual phenomena you should probably go see your doctor .
Vonnegut in turn tells us the plain , heart - hammering truth about man 's careless fancy to create or destroy what he loves " -- Cover . … ( more " Broad humor and bitter irony collide in this fictional autobiography of Rabo Karabekian , who , at age seventy - one , wants to be left alone on his Long Island estate with the secret he has locked inside his potato barn .
But then a voluptuous young widow badgers Rabo into telling his life story -- and
Mackenzie Phillips Family Secret Revealed on Oprah : Sex With Her Father ( VIDEO )
Mackenzie Phillips reveals her explosive family secret on Oprah , telling the talk show host , " I had sex with my own father . "
The interview coincides with the release of the former " One Day at a Time " star 's memoir , " High On Arrival . "
Mackenzie says her father , The Mamas and the Papas founder John Phillips , introduced her to drugs , shooting her up for the first time .
She also details being seduced by Mick Jagger when she was 18 .
But the biggest bombshell she reveals is that she was raped by her father when she was 19 , as she faded in and out of consciousness .
" On the eve of my wedding , my father showed up , determined to stop it , " Phillips wrote .
" I had tons of pills , and Dad had tons of everything too .
Eventually I passed out on Dad's bed . "
" My father was not a man with boundaries .
He was full of love , and he was sick with drugs .
I woke up that night from a blackout to find myself having sex with my own father . "
She later confronted him , saying " We have to talk about how you raped me , " to which he responded , " You mean when we made love ? "
The memoir reveals the two had a long - term incestuous relationship .
John Phillips died in 2001 .
Mackenzie , 49 , has battled drug addiction and trouble with the law since she was a teenager .
Watch Mackenzie Phillips on Oprah video below :
25 Essentials That Are Better and Cheaper to Make at Home
Today ’s article was provided by Miranda Marquit .
Tweet
Right now , many people are interested in saving money with do - it - yourself projects .
This includes everything from making your own cleaners , to creating your own makeup , to growing your own food .
While most of these can save you money , they will end up taking up some time .
For those who enjoy a certain level of self - sufficiency , the time investment required can be very worthwhile .
Around the House
Vegetable garden :
You can grow your own food , enjoying the bounty without having to pay very much .
While it can be time consuming to tend a vegetable garden , it is well worth the effort .
You get exercise , it can be done as a family and you experience the great feeling of accomplishment at harvest time .
Green Daily has a helpful vegetable garden guide , including a section on herb gardens .
If you do n’t have a lot of space , container gardening can help you grow at least some of your own food .
Can / bottle your own fruits and vegetables :
If you have a garden , you probably have excess .
While you could give away some of your extra produce , or sell it , why not save it for later ?
You can preserve your fresh produce at a lower cost than buying it already canned or bottled .
Farm
Gal offers a complete guide to different methods of preparing fruits and vegetables for storage .
Seasonings :
Want to add a little different flavor to your food ?
You can with do - it - yourself seasonings .
These are much less expensive than buying specialty seasonings .
And if you have an herb garden , it makes the process even less expensive .
I ’ve dried my own oregano , basil , thyme and rosemary for years .
And if I want to season something with fresh herbs , all I have to do is go out an pick it .
The Conscious Kitchen has a variety of ideas for delicious flavored salts .
Reduce Footprints has a great taco seasoning , and Stop and Smell the Chocolate offers a ranch dressing recipe .
Candy :
You can make your own candy and even ice cream for a fraction of the cost of buying it already made .
Alicia ’s Recipes features a number of candy recipes that can have you saving money and enjoying the sweet life .
We quite frequently make our own ice cream .
And while you can save over time with an ice cream maker from the store , Suite 101 has instructions on making your own ice cream with coffee cans ( one of my favorite things to do growing up ) .
Baby food :
If you have a little one , you know that buying baby food at the store can be expensive .
The crazy thing is that you can make your own baby food for a great deal less .
Babies can eat a lot of what we do — especially fruits and veggies — as long as they are properly prepared and mashed up .
Rookie Moms has a guide on making your own baby food , doing it in batches so you have a lot of it that you can store in the freezer .
Laundry detergent : Keeping your clothes clean can start to add up .
Laundry detergent is one of those household items that costs a great deal .
You can pay about 30 cents a load at the store , or make your own for about 3 cents a load .
Courtney has a great recipe for do - it - yourself laundry detergent .
Household cleaners :
Most of the cleaning you need done can be accomplished with the help of simple , everyday items that you probably have in the house .
You may need to buy some Borax , rubbing alcohol or chlorine bleach , but all of these things are relatively inexpensive .
From window cleaners , to floor cleaners to disinfectants , Living Easy offers helpful and easy recipes for household cleaners .
Pesticides :
You can create your own bug killers .
This is great for the garden , and the lawn .
Greeniacs offers a handy guide to making generic pesticides yourself , as well as targeted pesticides .
Generate electricity : A movement for more individual energy production is underway .
You can actually set up your own personal wind turbine and / or install solar panels .
There are tax credits available for these efforts , and a number of products available , some of which you can install yourself .
Depending on how you go about it , it is possible to make back your initial outlay sooner than you might have thought .
Rod Warnock offers a common sense guide to figuring out the best way to approach building your own solar or wind system .
However , be warned that many of the small , do - it - yourself systems will not generate a great deal of power .
But they can help defray some of your costs .
Health and Beauty
Healthy and beauty products are among the most expensive items on the market .
You can save a ton of money by creating these yourself .
It is important to note , however , that you should be careful when dealing with health and beauty concoctions .
It is not a bad idea to consult with your doctor , since some of the ingredients used can have side effects for people with certain conditions ( like pregnancy ) .
Use witch hazel :
In terms of health and beauty , there are few things as useful as witch hazel .
Wisebread has a list of uses for witch hazel , some of which include instructions for mixing your own solutions .
Lotion :
With a few relatively low - cost products you can buy at the grocery or craft store , it is possible to make your own lotions .
You can make a variety of lotions , even some with different scents , fairly simply .
The Idea Queen has some good lotion recipes for everything from dry skin lotion to mint scented lotion .
Facial :
You do n’t need to go to the spa to get a great facial .
You can give yourself a facial for very little , using items that you probably have in the kitchen .
About.com
Beauty shows you step by step how you can create your own facial .
Deodorant :
You can actually make your own deodorant at home .
In many cases it is safer and works just as well as the expensive store - bought stuff .
The Greenest Dollar offers a number of recipes and helpful hints ( and a video ) of how to make your own deodorant .
Sun screen :
You need to be protected from the sun .
Your child needs it even more .
Making your own sunscreen can be a cost - efficient way to have a healthier summer .
The blog at Wabi Sabi Baby offers simple directions for creating sunblock yourself .
Mosquito repellent : Malaria may not be a problem here in the U.S. , but West Nile is an issue .
During the summer months , it is important to protect you and your children from mosquito bites .
Making your own repellent is a good way to do that .
DIY
Life offers an effective ( and fairly inexpensive ) recipe for mosquito repellent .
Cosmetics :
There are a number of ways to make your own cosmetics .
Lipstick , eyeshadow and foundation can all be made at home .
Splendicity offers an excellent list of resources and a guide for making your own cosmetics .
Pet grooming :
The health and beauty of your pet is important .
However , it can be expensive to go to the groomer ’s regularly .
By buying a few items now , you can save money over the long haul by taking care of pet grooming yourself .
Petside has a list of things you need for proper cat grooming , and World of Dogs offers a guide on dog grooming .
Holidays
Holidays can be very expensive .
Here are some guides to fun , do - it - yourself holiday ideas for a number of occasions .
Holiday Wreaths :
No matter the time of year , you can look festive and in the spirit by creating your own holiday wreaths .
My sister - in - law saves a ton of money by making her own wreaths — one for every month of the year .
Do It Yourself offers a guide to making your own holiday wreaths .
Christmas :
This is the granddaddy of holidays .
Gifts can get expensive , though .
You can save money and give a gift from the heart with a homemade gift .
Get Rich Slowly offers a list of gifts that you can make yourself for an inexpensive and fun DIY Christmas .
Halloween : Another holiday that can get expensive is Halloween .
Decorations and costumes can get a little crazy .
Thrifty Mommy at BlissTree offers 50 do - it - yourself Halloween ideas that include costumes , food and decor .
Valentine ’s Day :
Yet another commercial cash cow .
You can express your love without breaking the bank , though .
The blog at Popular Mechanics describes 10 DIY gifts that show you care , without the need for indulging in consumerism .
Easter :
You can actually make your own Easter baskets for Easter .
There ’s no reason to spend up to $ 10 or more on a nice Easter basket when you can make one for less at home .
One Crafty Place has several easy Easter basket ideas .
4th of July :
You can offer a great party on the 4th of July for a little bit of money and if you have a little bit of creativity .
Life 123 offers simple and cost - effective ideas for DIY 4th of July decorations .
Birthday party :
This counts as a holiday since the kids love it .
You can put together a great birthday part at home for a fraction of the cost — as long as you are willing to put in the work .
About.com Entertaining has a pretty thorough guide that can help you plan a good children ’s birthday part .
Wedding : Your special day of joy can also be do - it - yourself .
My wedding was largely DIY , and I think it turned out rather well .
It was fun , and it was simple .
And it did n’t cost a whole lot .
Green Panda
Treehouse has a great guide to creating a classy DIY wedding .
Baker :
There are two reasons I wanted to feature this article by Miranda .
First , she touches on a topic that is a weakness of mine , DIY - projects and self - sufficiency ( although I ’m trying to improve ) .
Second , it contains so many insightful links from other valuable resources around the web , many of which I ’ve visited for the first time .
I hope you enjoy the change of pace !
What did Miranda leave out ?
Feel free to post your own favorite ideas and links to other essential products that you can make at home and save money .
I know this is a passionate topic for many of you and am interested to read your experiences below !
The medical abortion drug RU486 , or mifepristone , will now be more widely available in Australia .
A sexual health clinic has been given access to the drug for its clinics in New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland , the ACT and Western Australia .
National clinical adviser for Marie Stopes International , Jill Michelson , says 14 of its doctors have now been given authorised access by the Therapeutic Goods Administration .
Ms Michelson says since 2006 some public hospitals have had the drug , but now women will have wider access as an option in the first nine weeks of pregnancy .
" Which is something that we have been waiting for a long time in Australia as we know this drug has been available in around about 30 countries since the late 80s , " she said .
Ms Michelson says the organisation has received advice the drug will be legal in all states , especially in Queensland , where a young couple is facing criminal abortion charges after allegedly using a contraband abortion drug .
I finished David Foster Wallace ’s Infinite Jest yesterday .
If I could write like that , I would n’t write that .
I ’m glad I read it .
I would never dream of recommending it to anyone .
I admit it , I was influenced by the Infinite Summer project ; not that I ever ( before tonight ) actually read that site .
Which brief visit suggests that one could enjoy reading and writing about Infinite Jest at almost infinite length .
It ’s a whale of a book ; a white whale .
There is no X for which one can say “ Infinite Jest is an instance of X . ”
It ’s not a novel because a novel is supposed to tell a significant part of a story , and IJ makes it clear that its thousand or so pages are just a sample of a sample of a sample ; nothing is resolved .
It ’s not fiction because a huge part of it comes out of the lives of real live alcoholics and junkies as narrated at AA and other Twelve - Step meetings ( this gleaned from a radio interview with Wallace that ’s out there online somewhere . )
It ’s not a Tolstoyan “ Unhappy families are all different ” thing , because while there ’s a family near the center of the story , their doings involve somewhat less than half of half the book .
There are a lot of things it is n’t .
There is no formal fabric you can wrap around it ex post facto without stubbing your mental toe on a pointy counterexample .
It is involving .
It has people in it , most of them extreme in some or another of their behaviors , whom you ’ll come to care about if you start reading ( which , remember , I ’m not recommending ) .
I ’ll almost certainly re-read it ; the first pass is just skimming the surface of a pretty deep pond , and now that I ’ve learned ( mixing metaphors here ) the geography , I ’ll want a another closer look .
So ... it ’s compelling .
It ’s intense .
It ’s big , so you ’re getting a lot of literature for your bookstore dollar .
Why would n’t I recommend it then ?
Because it ’s full of revolting white - hot ugliness ; what ’s at the bottom of addiction ’s downward slope , brutal violence up to and including death by torture , incestuous sexual abuse ; name anything that it makes you nauseous to think about and chances are IJ has some .
There is nakedly intimate writing about what clinical depression feels like and the temptation of escape through the door marked “ suicide ” ; one particular 13 - page sequence can only be called suicide porn , and , well , yeah , David Foster Wallace did .
That New Yorker piece says “ He never published a word about his own mental illness ” which is stupid bullshit , because I just finished reading thousands of them scattered here and there around this book , everywhere you care to look .
Also the book is way too long .
My copy is a paperback and I experienced pretty severe pain in the wrists and the neck trying to contrive comfortable positions to balance this floppily - bloated agglomeration of dead trees for comfortable reading .
Which is aggravated by Mr. Wallace ’s egregious abuse of end - notes , which means that you need two separate bookmarks to facilitate your progress ; I thought it was rather stylish , at one point , that I was using boarding passes for NRT ⇒YGJ and IZO ⇒NRT ; but then I lost them .
I can think of edits which in my irrelevant opinion would subtract a few hundred pages without much loss of value but hey , the book ’s written and the author ’s dead , so what we got is what we got .
And the writing is very beautiful .
While I am by no means an expert in Apraxia , I have certainly been learning a great deal since my daughter was diagnosed with it .
Here are some of the things I have learned .
People have no clue what Apraxia is .
I can understand that , I did not either until my daughter was diagnosed with it .
The problem is , after you explain it to them , they still do not get it and say stupid things like , well she will grow out of it , or she will get better .
Next time someone tells you their child has Apraxia , do n’t try to make them feel better by saying things like that .
Their child will not get better , they will not grow out of it and it will be a long hard road for them and their child .
Their child will need a lot of speech therapy for many years , and even then there is no telling whether or not the child they love will be able to speak reasonably normal .
That some rules do not make sense .
For example , my daughter was under the care of a speech therapist with the local health district , when she started school she could no longer be seen by the speech therapist that is part of the health district .
In this case that is alright because my daughter is in a special school where she gets speech therapy twice a week for 20 minutes each time .
The average amount of time a student gets in the public school system is 15 minutes a week with another student .
My daughter is lucky , but when she moves into the regular school system that will not be enough time .
The rules of the school and health district state that my daughter cannot be seen by a speech therapist in the health care system if she is part of the school system .
Children with Apraxia need much more speech therapy than the school system can provide , their rules are not helping children , they are harming .
Private speech therapy is expensive .
While my daughter is getting more speech therapy in her school than most , we have decided to hire a private speech therapist .
While she is expensive in the few sessions my daughter has had they have been good .
Progress is slow but my daughter has shown a willingness to work with the new speech therapist and hopefully she can help my daughter learn how to talk faster .
The Government can help .
I know it shocked me as well to learn that the Federal Government can actually help kids with Apraxia .
While the rules of the local health and school do not make sense and private speech therapy is expensive , the Federal Government offers the Disability Tax Credit .
Children with Apraxia qualify for this tax credit and all you need is your speech therapist to fill out the form and then you send it in .
The money we are getting from the Federal Government Disabilty Tax Credit is what is paying for the majority of the private speech therapy .
All the help I can get for my daughter the better .
It is challenging having a child with Apraxia .
I wait for the day that my daughter can tell me how she is feeling or say “ I love you Daddy ” .
While she can communicate in many ways and is smart we live in a world where verbal communication is important and I just hope that my daughter will be able to be a part of it .
Girls Underwater by Erin Mulvehill
Beautiful yet haunting all at the same time , photographer Erin Mulvehill ’s underwater series is like nothing I ’ve ever seen .
As I look through each picture I ’m frightened yet captivated .
As one person states , “ A photograph is usually looked at – seldom looked into . ”
“ My work aims to explore the human connections and subtle nuances that whisper into the ear of our every day .
Much of my work is rooted in the ideas of mind , body , seamlessness and time .
This is largely because my deepest beliefs lie in the principles of buddhism , the integration of art and life , and the preservation of beautiful moments .
I am nomadic by nature and am inspired each day by the nothingness that resides in all things . ”
– Erin Mulvehill
source : here
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Dominick Dunne , the former Hollywood producer and best - selling author known for his Vanity Fair essays on the courtroom travails of the rich and famous , died Wednesday in New York city after a long battle with cancer .
Dominick Dunne wrote five best selling books and covered high society crimes for Vanity Fair .
Dunne , who described himself as " a high - class Zelig , " was 83 .
Called " Nick " by his friends , Dunne was putting the finishing touches on his final novel , which he said he planned to call " Too Much Money , " when his health took a turn for the worse .
He flew to Germany earlier this month for another round of stem cell treatments at the same Bavarian clinic where the late Farrah Fawcett was treated .
He was hospitalized upon his return to New York , then sent home .
As a correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine , Dunne was a fixture at some of the most famous trials of our times -- Claus von Bulow , William Kennedy Smith , the Menendez brothers , O.J. Simpson , Michael Skakel and Phil Spector .
He discovered his magazine writing career in his 50s , through personal tragedy -- his daughter 's murder .
Watch why Dunne says he started writing about crime »
He vented his anger at the legal system in " Justice : A Father 's Account of the Trial of his Daughter 's Killer , " following the murder trial of John Sweeney , the estranged boyfriend who strangled 22 - year - old Dominique Dunne , in 1982 .
Sweeney spent fewer than three years in prison .
Dunne 's article was published by Vanity Fair and he accepted then - editor Tina Brown 's offer to write full - time for the magazine .
Calling himself a " diarist , " Dunne dropped bold - faced names as he spilled behind - the - scenes nuggets gleaned from courtrooms and dinner parties alike .
Watch more about Dunne 's life »
" It is fair to say that the halls of Vanity Fair will be lonelier without him and that , indeed , we will not see his like anytime soon , if ever again , " said editor Graydon Carter in a tribute posted on the magazine 's Web site .
He bristled at one writer 's oft - repeated description of him as " Judith Krantz in pants . "
He preferred to be known as a crime victim's advocate and frequently spoke at events sponsored by victims ' groups .
The fact he personally knew many of the people he wrote about set Dunne apart from other crime writers .
Dunne wrote that he met music producer Phil Spector for dinner three times during the Simpson murder trial .
" He knew every detail of the trial and story , " Dunne wrote .
" He carried a gun when we saw each other , but he never pulled it on me . "
Spector later became a defendant in a trial Dunne covered .
Dunne spoke to CNN in June , while promoting the DVD release of a documentary of his life called " After the Party . "
At the time , he said he was feeling well , happy , and hopeful the treatments were working .
" I 'm pro stem cell , " he said .
But even then , he seemed to know he was in a race against time .
" I want to have one more best seller , before I cool , " Dunne said .
" It 's wonderful to have a best seller . "
He said his personal story puts the lie to the claim by another high society writer , the late F. Scott Fitzgerald , that there are no second acts in life .
" This is the third act , " Dunne said .
" I have a novel coming out .
I finally got it finished in the clinic ...
I 'm calling it ' Too Much Money . '
That 's a hooking title . "
Dunne looked back on his life during the hour - long lunchtime phone chat .
He said he had just one regret -- his failed marriage to his wife , Lenny , who died in 1997 .
The couple divorced in 1965 but remained close .
" I loved that marriage , " he said .
" Lenny was the love of my life .
And yet I ruined it .
I was n't formed yet .
The regret is that I hurt her . "
Dunne had his own television show , truTV's " Power , Privilege and Justice . "
Marc Juris , truTV 's executive vice president , recalled Dunne as " a master storyteller ... who always kept his eye on the human story behind the crimes . "
Besides hosting his own show , Dunne appeared frequently on CNN's " Larry King Live . "
" Dominick Dunne was one of the finest people I 've known , " King said .
" He was a terrific writer , a raconteur , and a familiar face on ' Larry King Live ' for many years .
He was a wonderful human being . "
In court , Dunne always dressed impeccably , wearing dark jackets and gray flannels , sharply starched shirts complete with cufflinks , and club - style ties .
He used a fountain pen to jot notes in small bound notebooks .
He was unabashedly pro-prosecution , although he said he " lost no sleep " over Robert Blake 's acquittal on a charge of killing his wife , and was troubled by Martha Stewart 's conviction on lying to investigators about a stock deal .
Watch Nancy Grace 's tribute »
When Simpson 's acquittal was announced in 1995 , Dunne 's jaw dropped and the courtroom cameras caught his expression .
It became an iconic image .
Simpson later was found liable in a wrongful death suit and ordered to pay more than $ 33 million to the victims ' families .
Dunne had been battling cancer for several years -- a fight that became widely known when he collapsed in court last year while covering Simpson 's Las Vegas armed robbery trial .
He was n't in court to see Simpson sentenced to prison .
Dunne 's life story reads like one of his novels .
He was born to a well - to - do family in Hartford , Connecticut , in 1925 ; his father was a cardiac specialist .
As a young man , Dunne attended Williams College and fought in the Battle of the Bulge , winning the Bronze star .
He later found work in New York as a stage manager for " The Howdy Doody Show , " a popular kids ' show when television was in its infancy .
He moved to Hollywood , rubbing elbows with the biggest names in show business during the 1960s , and became a movie producer .
But he soon became addicted to alcohol and drugs , hit bottom and became his own worst nightmare -- a nobody .
He sobered up and retired to a one - room cabin in Oregon to write his first novel , then headed back to New York with just a suitcase and his typewriter .
In 1985 , Dunne wrote his first best - seller , " The Two Mrs. Grenvilles , " loosely based on a society killing .
That success was followed by " People Like Us , " " An Inconvenient Woman , " " A Season in Purgatory , " and , following the Simpson trial , " Another City , Not my Own . "
His brother , the late John Gregory Dunne , was an accomplished author and was married to Joan Didion , a wit and famous writer .
In fact , Dunne has said , he was so daunted by their talent that it probably delayed the start of his own writing career by decades .
Dunne is survived by his two sons , Alexander and Griffin .
Griffin is an actor - producer who has appeared in films such as " An American Werewolf in London " and " After Hours . "
His credits on the other side of the camera include " Fierce People " and " Practical Magic . "
Asked if he believed in past lives , Dunne , ever the firm believer in second acts , said : " I believe in future ones . "
All About Dominick Dunne • Criminal Trials • Vanity Fair Magazine
Students , teachers and local pastors are protesting over a court case involving a northern Florida school principal and an athletic director who are facing criminal charges and up to six months in jail over their offer of a mealtime prayer .
There have been yard signs , T - shirts and a mass student protest during graduation ceremonies this spring on behalf of Pace High School Principal Frank Lay and school athletic director Robert Freeman , who will go on trial Sept. 17 at a federal district court in Pensacola for breaching the conditions of a lawsuit settlement reached last year with the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ I have been defending religious freedom issues for 22 years , and I ’ve never had to defend somebody who has been charged criminally for praying , ” said Mathew Staver , founder and chairman of Liberty Counsel , the Orlando - based legal group that is defending the two school officials .
RELATED STORIES :
• Report criticizes cure for gays
• Study : U.S. Jews drift from faith
• Palin target renounces care rationing
An ACLU official said the school district has allowed “ flagrant ” violations of the First Amendment for years .
“ The defendants all admitted wrongdoing , ” said Daniel Mach , director of litigation for its freedom of religion program .
“ For example , the Pace High School teachers handbook asks teachers to ‘ embrace every opportunity to inculcate , by precept and example , the practice of every Christian virtue . ’ ”
The fight involving the ACLU , the school district and several devout Christian employees began last August when the ACLU sued Santa Rosa County Schools on behalf of two students who had complained privately to the group ’s Florida affiliate , claiming some teachers and administrators were allowing prayers at school events such as graduations , orchestrating separate religiously themed graduation services , and “ proselytizing ” students during class and after school .
In January , the Santa Rosa County School District settled out of court with the ACLU , agreeing to several things , including a provision to bar all school employees from promoting or sponsoring prayers during school - sponsored events ; holding school events at church venues when a secular alternative was available ; or promoting their religious beliefs or attempting to convert students in class or during school - sponsored events .
Mr. Staver said the district also agreed to forbid senior class President Mary Allen from speaking at the school ’s May 30 graduation ceremony on the chance that the young woman , a known Christian , might say something religious .
“ She was the first student body president in 33 years not allowed to speak , ” he said .
In response , many members of the 300 - plus - member student body taped crosses to their mortarboards and stood for an impromptu recitation of the Lord ’s Prayer during the ceremony .
Mr. Mach responded , “ We believe students have the constitutional right to pray voluntarily in public or private .
Constitutional problems arise only when public school officials promote or endorse prayer or specific religious views . ”
The criminal charges , which carry up to a $ 5,000 fine and a six - month jail term , originated with a Jan. 28 incident in which Mr. Lay , a deacon at a local Baptist church , asked Mr. Freeman to offer mealtime prayers at a lunch for school employees and booster - club members who had helped with a school field - house project .
Mr. Staver said no students were present at the event , which was held on school property but after school hours .
“ He was n’t thinking he was violating an order , ” he said .
“ Neither did the athletic director .
He was asked to pray and so he did . ”
Mr. Mach said the event was during the school day and that Mr. Lay , the school ’s principal , has said in writing that students were present .
“ Decisions about the religious upbringing of children should be left in the hands of parents , not school officials , ” he said .
As to whether prayer constitutes “ religious upbringing , ” he said , “ If school officials were promoting non-majority faiths and religious viewpoints , I suspect there ’d be an uproar . ”
The ACLU brought the matter to the attention of U.S. District Court Judge M. Casey Rodgers , who issued a contempt order for the two men .
Meanwhile , members of the small community of Milton , Fla. , where Pace High School is located , have contributed more than $ 10,000 toward a legal defense fund for the defendants .
Anti-ACLU T - shirts are also being sold and the proceeds donated .
Judge Rodgers ’ order also included Michelle Winkler , a clerical assistant who was attending a school district event in February with other school employees at a local naval base .
There , she asked her husband to offer a blessing for a meal , says the ACLU , adding that students were present and led the Pledge of Allegiance .
“ She did n’t do the blessing ; she asked somebody to do it , ” Mr. Staver said .
“ The ACLU is sending people to school to monitor things happening on campus and see if there is anything encouraging religious activity , then running to the court if they see anything . ”
Her trial , which could result in a fine , is scheduled for Aug. 21 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
( CNN ) --
The phrase " like father , like son " is ringing true for Texas Rep. Ron Paul .
Rand Paul says his career as a political outsider should be a plus for voters .
His son , Rand Paul , announced this week he 's set his sights on the Kentucky Senate seat being vacated by retiring Republican Sen. Jim Bunning .
" I 'm very worried about our country ; I 'm worried about the debt .
I 'm worried about what the debt will lead to , " Paul said in an interview on CNN's " American Morning " when asked why he 's jumping into the political arena .
" Both sides of the aisle -- Republican and Democrat -- have been unwilling and afraid to address the deficit , and someone 's got to . "
The Kentucky Senate race is particularly high - profile since a seat held by a Republican will now be up for grabs .
Paul is expected to compete in the GOP primary next year with Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson .
The winner will face either state Attorney General Jack Conway or Lt. Gov. Daniel Mongiardo , who are seeking the Democratic nomination .
Watch more on Rand Paul 's Senate aspirations »
While Grayson is considered the frontrunner in the Republican primary , " Paul will make things interesting for sure , " said Al Cross , a veteran political writer in Kentucky and director of the Institute for Rural Journalism and Community Issues at the University of Kentucky .
" Trey Grayson is a very capable person , has a great deal of potential , but he has never really run a high - profile , hardball race , and I think that Paul is going to have the resources and the determination to hold his feet to the fire when it comes to issues , " Cross said .
Some Republicans are n't quite sure about Grayson , Cross noted , because he started his political life as a Democrat .
" [ Paul ] will have an impact in this primary .
He will have money to spend .
He will have a message to deliver , some people will find him a more authentic Republican conservative candidate than Grayson , " Cross said .
Paul , however , has no traditional political base in Kentucky , and Grayson is more of a mainstream conservative like the state 's other senator , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell .
Paul , like his father , is a strict constitutionalist who believes in traditional Republican principles like small government and a free - market approach to the economy .
And another thing he has in common with his father :
He 's also a doctor .
Paul has worked as an eye surgeon in Bowling Green , Kentucky , for the past 18 years .
He says his being a political outsider should be a plus for voters .
" You need people outside of government .
If your primary goal is to continue your career , you tend to do things that are good for you , but not necessarily good for the country , " he said .
He 's also been a vocal advocate for smaller government and is the chairman of Kentucky Taxpayers United .
He says the government needs to stop borrowing money , because " we cannot borrow our way into prosperity . "
" For example , with the stimulus project , my little town -- they brought $ 1 million to .
Republicans and Democrats clapped their hands and said , ' We have $ 1 million ! '
But no one asked the hard question :
Where did that million dollars come from ?
" If we have to borrow it from China , Japan or foreign countries , is that good for our country to go further and further in debt to build a new ballpark or a new a parking garage ?
We have to understand where does the money come from .
But debt leads to inflation , " he said .
Instead , he said , people need to look at the country 's economic problems in the same way they view their personal budget .
" I have a lot of older patients who have grandkids .
They come in to me , and I say , ' Would you borrow money to buy a gift for your grandkids ? '
No , you pay for gifts out of your savings .
But you do n't borrow money to give people cash for clunkers .
" I do n't know how you get rich as a country by borrowing money and giving it to people and saying , ' Go to the mall and spend it , ' and somehow we 're supposed to be richer as a country , " he said , echoing the sentiment his father shared during his 2008 presidential bid .
Ron Paul said his son's political aspiration came as no surprise to him .
" He 's been interested in politics for a long time , " he said on " American Morning . "
" I think the family sort of expected that he would be the first one to get to politics like this . "
His advice for his son : " Do n't go with conventional wisdom . "
" If you go with conventional wisdom and the usual advisers , they 're about 10 or 15 years behind the people .
And I think that 's what you 're sensing with these town hall meetings , " Rep .
Paul said .
" People , though , in a politician , they want to trust you .
They want to like you , and they want to trust you .
But it 's up to the politician who 's running to stand for something , and that 's what energizes your base , your supporters , and raising your money . "
Ron Paul , who has served in Congress for 12 years , first sought the presidential nomination in 1988 , running as a Libertarian .
He ran as a Republican in the 2008 primaries , and while his campaign did n't pick up much mainstream steam , he did attract a large group of enthusiastic followers who had a reputation for voicing support for their candidate online .
His presidential run was centered on a grass - roots effort that conducted Internet drives for funds .
Name recognition probably wo n't help Rand Paul much , Cross said .
Ron Paul does n't have a high profile in the state because Kentucky 's Republican presidential primary took place after Sen .
John McCain had already become the party 's presumptive nominee .
But if Ron Paul , who has proved to be a successful fundraiser , tells his supporters that the election of his son would send a message to the GOP that it needs to get back to its core conservative principles , " that 's a pretty strong message that I think would motivate a lot of contributors , " Cross said .
All About Ron Paul • Kentucky • U.S. Senate
The study found that it was possible to predict men's sexual orientation by analysing the gender and sexuality of their contacts on the social networking site – even if the rest of the information on their profile is set to private .
The island Faranga needs a new hero , you !
Delve into a gritty , raw and atmospheric fantasy world in which every action has a consequence .
In the epic world of Risen , filled with mysterious earthquakes , fearsome monsters and unimaginable treasures , forge your path with the sword , learn the art of staff fighting or become a powerful mage .
Recent Reviews : Very Positive ( 83 ) - 87 % of the 83 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive .
All Reviews : Very Positive ( 3,880 ) - 88 % of the 3,880 user reviews for this game are positive .
Developer : Piranha Bytes Publisher : THQ Nordic
Does Democrat Creigh Deeds suddenly have a shot at becoming Virginia ’s next governor ?
His campaign was handed a gift on Sunday when the Washington Post published the 1989 graduate thesis of Republican nominee Bob McDonnell , which is chockful of controversial statements .
Feminism and working women are “ detrimental ” to the traditional family , wrote Mr. McDonnell as a 34 - year - old graduate student at Pat Robertson ’s Regent University in Virginia Beach .
Government should favor married couples over “ cohabitators , homosexuals , or fornicators , ” he said .
Later , as a state legislator , McDonnell pursued policies consistent with his thesis , such as opposing abortion even in cases of rape and incest and promoting “ covenant marriage . ”
Now , says McDonnell , most recently the state ’s attorney general , many of the views expressed in that paper have changed , including those on working women .
He has enlisted his female supporters to do damage control among that critical part of the electorate .
But doubts remain about whether Mr. Deeds , a state senator from rural Bath County with a southern twang , can overcome his deficit – and the historical patterns that make him the underdog .
Two polls released since “ thesis - gate ” exploded – PPP and Rasmussen – show McDonnell still ahead ( by 7 and 9 points respectively ) .
Since 1977 , the party that wins the White House the previous fall always loses in the Virginia gubernatorial race the next year .
President Obama ’s struggles do n’t help .
On the defense
Still , McDonnell is playing defense , a position no candidate wants to occupy .
Deeds and the Democrats are running for daylight .
The Democratic National Committee said Wednesday that it will kick in at least $ 5 million for Deeds and other Democrats in the state .
McDonnell may be fortunate that the story broke before Labor Day , when many voters are still in vacation mode .
The Deeds campaign intends to raise the issue of the graduate thesis every day between now and election day .
Larry Sabato , a political scientist at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville , does not rule out that the “ thesis effect ” could still trickle down into polling .
“ If you just read the comments , the following groups would be deeply offended : swing moderates , who determine elections ; working women , a giant portion of the population ; young people , who are completely turned off by these social views ; gays and lesbians , that ’s a substantial vote in Northern Virginia , ” says Mr. Sabato .
“ You put those groups together and we ’re already over 50 percent . ”
Voter fatigue
The biggest challenge of all for Deeds may be Democratic voter fatigue .
Party and Obama campaign organizers pulled off an unprecedented turnout operation last fall .
Virginia ’s turnout jumped higher than almost all other states , percentage - wise , in 2008 .
A year later , say Democrats , many of their voters want a break from the door - knocking .
Now it ’s the out - of - power Republicans who are hungry and motivated .
And key constituencies who turned out in force for Obama - minorities and suburban moderates – may be less motivated to vote for Deeds .
But women ’s rights activists are still hopeful and planning strategy .
“ This is an incredible opportunity to educate people and , frankly , fundraise , " says Marjorie Signer , president of the Virginia chapter of the National Organization for Women .
" Not only did he write about this as a mature adult in his early 30s , but he also repeatedly pursued legislation . ”
On McDonnell ’s point that he has changed since 1989 , she says , “ I do n’t buy that for a moment . ”
---
Follow us on Twitter .
New fathers are entitled to two weeks ' paid leave Fathers will be able to take six months ' paternity leave , the government has announced .
The move will allow mothers to decide to return to work after six months and fathers to stay at home for the rest of the 12 months off allowed by law .
But plans to extend the total paid childcare period from nine months to a year look set to be shelved as the government attempts to save money .
Government sources say the proposal is " under review " with no decision taken .
In 2005 , Labour said it would extend paid maternity leave to nine months - which it did in 2007 - with the " goal of achieving a year 's paid leave by the end of the Parliament " .
' More choice '
But the Guardian reported that aim would not now be implemented before the next election .
The additional paid leave would have cost £ 500 m and given up to £ 1,600 to eligible families .
Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman , who is also minister for women and equality , said : " Mothers will be able to choose to transfer the last six months of their maternity leave to the father , with three months paid .
This is not the time to do it .
It is a huge burden to plan for both a male and a female employee being away
David Frost
British Chambers of Commerce " This gives families radically more choice and flexibility in how they balance work and care of children , and enables fathers to play a bigger part in bringing up their children . "
Labour is keen to demonstrate its family - friendly credentials ahead of a general election .
David Frost , director general of the British Chambers of Commerce , said it would be a good idea to allow fathers up to six months ' leave " when the economy is working at full tilt " but it would harm businesses struggling with the recession .
" This is not the time to do it .
It is a huge burden to plan for both a male and a female employee being away , " he told the BBC News Channel .
Miles Templeman , director general of the Institute of Directors , said : " We strongly support new paternity leave rights for fathers , providing the government ensures that the new system is simple for businesses to administer and there is no overall increase in the total amount of paid and unpaid leave parents can take .
"
The government says its scheme has been designed to " minimise " the impact on companies .
It estimates that take - up of additional paternity leave is less than 6 % and that just one in 137 small businesses will be affected .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES 
Tips for cultivating marijuana .
Testimonials by patients about its medical benefits .
Cannabis cooking lessons .
Even citations for award - winning strains of pot .
Viewers here can now watch , every week , what amounts to a pro-weed news program .
Booted off one skittish TV station but quickly picked up by another , the low - budget “ Cannabis Planet ” show is televised evidence of how entrenched marijuana has become in California ’s cultural firmament and a potent example of the way the pot subculture has been edging into the national mainstream .
“ We ’re trying to show the legitimacy of this plant , ” said Brad Lane , the executive producer of the half - hour program .
Mr. Lane pays for the twice - weekly air time on the independent station KJLA  Thursday and Saturday nights at 11:30 , sandwiched between “ Bikini Beach ” and “ Jewelry Central ”  and says he is now breaking even , almost two months after the show ’s premiere .
“ Cannabis Planet ” focuses on medical , agricultural and industrial uses of the hemp plant , purposely ignoring marijuana ’s recreational aspects .
Viewers , for instance , see very little actual smoking , even though the hosts and producers are known to inhale between takes .
“ We ’re walking on eggshells here , to be honest , ” Mr. Lane said .
For more help see the Common Knowledge help page
You must log in to edit Common Knowledge data .
For Geoffrey , Who makes me remember How young and how old Children can be
" I 've watched through his eyes , I 've listened through his ears , and I tell you he 's the one . "
Quotations
Yumeroh Administrator
Join Date : Feb 2007 Posts : 317
Ryzom Blog , Facebook , Twitter , and at the Paris Game Festival and the German IRL
In this last year , we have rolled out four patches .
Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again .
One of the areas that we will be working on is something you 've all been asking for : Communication !
Yes , that 's right .
We still think actions speak louder than words , but now we 're going to give you more words as well .
We 're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts , plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites :
Facebook : Come join the Official Ryzom Group on Facebook .
: Come join the Official Ryzom Group on Facebook .
Blog :
You can now read the Official Ryzom Blog .
We will communicate there exclusively in English for reasons of simplicity and speed , but please feel free to translate what we say there and post it on Facebook .
: You can now read the Official Ryzom Blog .
We will communicate there exclusively in English for reasons of simplicity and speed , but please feel free to translate what we say there and post it on Facebook .
Twitter : Join us on Twitter .
We will " tweet " in English , usually , but you are free to re-tweet in your language if you want .
It 's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team :
In Paris , France , we will be attending the Paris Game Festival on September 19th and 20th .
We wo n't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart ( vl ) , as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies .
You can find more information about this event on
In Bochum , Germany , on November 14th , one of Ryzom 's biggest fans , Acridiel , will be organising an IRL .
Leanon 's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him .
You can find more information about this IRL on
Wednesday , 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom .
So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration , we will be running small fun events during the ( European ) evening .
Dear Players , In this last year , we have rolled out four patches .
Now we are in September and it's time to get things rolling on the Ryzom front again .
One of the areas that we will be working on is something you 've all been asking for : Communication !
Yes , that 's right .
We still think actions speak louder than words , but now we 're going to give you more words as well .
We 're going to keep you better informed of our thoughts , plans and actions and to make this possible and as dynamic as possible we have set up accounts on some social networking sites :
It 's also possible to come meet and talk to members of the Ryzom Team :
In , France , we will be attending the .
We wo n't have an exhibit there but Ryzom CTO Vianney Lecroart ( vl ) , as well as other members of the dev and CSR teams will be roaming around the festival laden with goodies .
You can find more information about this event on the French forums
In , Germany , on , one of Ryzom 's biggest fans , Acridiel , will be organising an IRL .
Leanon 's Senior Game Master Boar will attend and bring some goodies with him .
You can find more information about this IRL on the German forums Wednesday , 16 September is the 5th anniversary of Ryzom .
So that we can spend pleasant time together in celebration , we will be running small fun events during the ( European ) evening .
As of next month , it will be our pleasure to move organic LED ( OLED ) displays out of Ars 's informal " three to five years away " category , where it will join fellow 3t5YA alumnus E - Ink in the mass market .
Right now , there 's a trickle of OLED - sporting devices poised to come to market in the fourth quarter of this year , but economies of scale should take hold and the screens should get cheaper , turning that trickle into a flood .
But the shift to OLED will have some unexpected consequences for battery life , which in general will be better than it is for LCD - based devices — with a caveat .
We 've already seen OLED in some boutique devices like the now - defunct OQO Model 02 , but OLED 's true break - out product will be the forthcoming Zune HD .
The device , which is slated for a September launch , has an 3.3 " active matrix OLED ( AMOLED ) touchscreen that 's already generating excitement , even among some die - hard iPhone fans .
Then there 's the new Nikon Coolpix S70 , also launching in September , which sports a 3.5 " OLED touchscreen that covers the entire , buttonless back of the device .
If rumors are to be believed , Samsung 's OLED - packing Omnia II may get the jump on September with an August 23 release date .
This will be but one of a number of OLED devices planned by Samsung , which has invested heavily in the technology .
Some of these Samsung products are destined for Sprint 's network sometime in the fourth quarter , where they 'll team up with the Pre as part of Sprint 's effort to lure customers away from the iPhone .
LG is also a big OLED backer , and is rumored to be planning a December launch for its 15 " OLED display in Korea .
Do n't bother saving up for one of these , though , because a panel this size will be a multiple of the price of a vanilla flat panel .
OLED has a barrier to jump before it makes sense at larger sizes , since companies like Samsung will have to shell out to get fabs for the larger panels up and running .
Do n't expect that process to start until global credit markets loosen up and consumer demand for premium products returns .
One of the big variables with OLED displays is battery life — an OLED 's power consumption varies greatly with the gray level of the image it 's displaying .
Bright images with low gray levels consume much more power than darker images with higher gray levels , as shown by the slide below , which came from a May 2008 OLED presentation .
Though it 's not apparent from the slide because of the selection of sample patterns , power draw varies pretty linearly with mean gray levels , and the range is fairly wide .
This inconsistency may have some implications for interface design .
For instance , black backgrounds will be the rule on these devices , and it 's likely that e-book apps may end up using white text on a black background .
I imagine that video playback will probably even out , so that most videos will end up drawing similar amounts of power .
Ultimately , though , what 's on the screen will have an impact on battery life , and will give mobile users one more variable to tweak in their never - ending quest for a few extra minutes of usage time .
Mocksville , North Carolina
They were overwhelmed , scared of a few old people and some kids , basically uninformed small town people who happened to have the power of cops .
They went to great lengths to find ways to revoke the permit we had to gather , and were creative in doing so to the point of making up rules as they went .
This is Mocksville , NC ...
Davie county -- hotbed of Republicanism , many living in gorgeous old antebellum houses .
They are like rocks , only dumber .
There is a large piece of property , many acres , fenced , and it belongs to the Masons .
There they were holding their Masonic lunch and had invited Mrs. Virginia Foxx to speak .
Since it was private property , the police could n't keep us out ; we were orderly , well behaved , happy people -- no threat to anyone .
These are people whose minds are set in concrete , and we can't change them ; let 's work on the country collectively so idiots like Virginia Foxx do n't keep getting into office .
We have to work on the children .
It 's too late for the adults we saw today .
In the last couple of days you 've probably read or heard about at least a few congressional townhall meetings to discuss health care reform that were disrupted by Republican and corporate thugs ( dittohead dupes in tow ) with a vested interest in stopping the debate and stopping the exposure of all their health care lies .
( Yesterday , for example , Wisconsin progressive Democratic congressman Dr. Steve Kagen was ambushed by a district Republican Party head who swore to NBC - News she was n't a Republican , " just a mom " from down the street . )
With corporate media outlet crowing that the health insurers have already won , members of Congress have been calling meetings with there constituents all over the country .
Sure , John Boehner is off golfing overseas and Eric Cantor is leading around a gaggle of Republicans through the Holy Land , but many Republicans , as well as Democrats , are meeting with voters in their districts .
Today Noah let us know about an instance in Mocksville , North Carolina where crazy , reactionary Virginia Foxx staged a " listening session . "
A dedicated group of Democrats from Davie , Ashe and Forsyth Counties in this deep red region went to take part and reported about it in a compelling photo essay at Democratic Underground
We followed up with Myra Grozinger , the North Carolinian who put the photo essay together .
She told us what happened in a way that made it sound like they had entered alien territory when they went to take part in the discusion .
I hope there were plenty of children watching last night as Rachel Maddow effortlessly took apart one of the worst and most duplicitous of the Big Business astro - turf shills , Republican lobbyist Tim " I 'm not a lobbyist " Phillips :
Labels : North Carolina , Rachel Maddow , Steve Kagen , townhall meetings , Virginia Foxx
Greenwood , S.C. , has been grappling with a tough education issue : the name of its new elementary school .
The children of Greenwood ( pop. 60,000 ) were given an opportunity to recommend and vote on names , and the winner , by a 3 - to - 1 ratio : Springfield .
Some parents were outraged .
Springfield , they said , happens to be the name of the school that Bart Simpson attends in the television show " The Simpsons . "
" Parents said Bart Simpson has no respect for authority , especially school authority , " said FURMAN MILLER JR. , the public - relations specialist for Greenwood School District 50 .
But other parents argued that the school district got exactly what it had asked for : input from the children .
The maker of a life - saving radiation therapy device has patched a software bug that could cause the system 's emergency stop button to fail to stop , following an incident at a Cleveland hospital in which medical staff had to physically pull a patient from the maw of the machine .
The bug affected the Gamma Knife , a device resembling a CT scan machine that focuses radiation on a patient 's brain tumor while leaving surrounding tissue untouched .
A patient lies down on a motorized couch that glides into a chamber , where 201 emitters focus radiation on the treatment area from different angles .
The patient wears a specialized helmet screwed onto his skull to ensure that his head does n't move and expose the wrong part of the brain to the machine 's pinpoint tumor - zapping beams .
Positioning is vital in the procedure , so when the couch moved out of position during a treatment at an university hospital in Cleveland last December , staffers hit the " emergency stop " button , expecting the couch to pull the patient out of the Gamma Knife , and the radiation shields at the mouth of the machine to automatically close .
Instead , according to a report eventually filed with the Nuclear Regulatory Agency , nothing happened .
" Staff had to manually pull out the couch from the Gamma Knife and manually close the doors to the Gamma Knife to shield the source , " reads the report , which states that neither the patient nor the workers were harmed .
" Radiation exposure to all individuals involved with the incident was minimal . "
When the hospital called the company that makes the Gamma Knife , it learned that there was a " known software bug problem " affecting the unit 's couch sensors .
Known , anyway , to the company , Stockholm - based Elekta AB .
" Elekta was aware of the software ' bug ' at the time of the December 2008 event and had implemented actions to correct the ' bug ' in a future software release , " says Thomas Valentine , director of quality assurance and regulatory affairs for the Elekta 's U.S. arm , in an e-mail .
Since then , he adds , " The ' bug ' has been corrected in software upgrades that have been implemented to all of the affected sites in the U.S.
The U.S. NRC was notified of the completed status of software upgrades to correct the identified ' bug ' . "
We do n't know why " bug " is in quotes ; surely this was n't a feature .
In any case , Valentine says the Ohio incident was the only one of its kind " in the U.S. , " and that the bug had been triggered by an unusual combination of events .
It 's worth noting that Gamma Knife has been used to treat about half - a- million people without trouble .
But the bug is another reminder that increasingly smart medical devices are susceptible to the same kind of programming errors that have long afflicted less critical applications .
This week , the Los Angeles Times reported that Cedars - Sinai Medical Center made an error while tinkering with the settings on a hospital CT scan machine in February 2008 , resulting in about 80 patients temporarily losing patches of hair due to radiation overdoses .
The most notorious medical bug was a " race condition " in the software powering the Therac - 25 medical accelerator in the 1980s , which resulted in three patients dying from radiation overdoses from 1985 to 1987 .
The far less serious Gamma Knife bug came to light in the medical community four months after the incident , after an inspector with the Ohio Department of Health spotted a discussion of the Cleveland incident in the minutes of the hospital 's radiation safety committee meeting .
The hospital is not named in public filings , but had apparently failed to report the incident to the state , as required by law .
The Department of Health went on to report the matter to the NRC , which in April alerted hospitals around the country in an e-mail to its medical mailing list .
Top image courtesy Smoothape via Wikipedia Commons .
While most publishers will only read manuscripts sent to them by literary agents , there are some who accept unsolicited submissions .
If you ’ve got your eye on one of these and want to send off your work , be sure to check out some of our top tips before you hit send .
Make sure your writing is ready
Publishers are inundated with submissions and competition is fierce , so be sure you ’ve given your novel , non-fiction proposal or poetry collection plenty of love and attention before sending it in .
Once you ’re writing has been through several drafts , take the time to give it a final proofread to eliminate small mistakes and typos too .
Do your research
It may be exciting to find a publisher that accepts submissions , but that does n’t mean they ’re the right fit for you .
Have a look at their backlist and familiarise yourself with the kind of books they publish .
Sending a memoir to a poetry not only wastes your time but it may hamper your chances of success .
Read the submission guidelines carefully
Every publisher has its own submission requirements and while a lot of these may seem similar , it ’s best to assume one approach wo n’t fit all .
Make them aware that you ’ve paid attention to their requirements and feel free to mention any of their books you particularly admire .
Do n’t pin all your hopes on one submission
If you pin all your hopes on a single submission , you will be disappointed .
Instead , research the market carefully and submit your work to as many relevant places as possible .
Keep track of your submissions to avoid confusion or accidental repetitions .
Bide your time
Publishers tend to state their response times on their websites or submission guidelines .
Do n’t be tempted to chase your submission until that time is up and never ‘ drop in ’ to see if a publisher or agent has read your manuscript yet .
Not only is it invasive , it ’ll also make them far less likely to pick up your submission from the pile .
Waiting for news on your can be tough .
Distract yourself by getting stuck into a new writing project or connect with likeminded folk through a local writers ' group .
Richard Huddy , AMD 's boss of the Developer Relations department Quelle : PC Games Hardware Using a Compute Shader path in DirectX 11 could offer up to three times the performance possible with DirectX 10.1 , mentions Richard Huddy , AMD Developer Relations , in an interview with Pc Games Hardware .
And even in DirectX 10.1 modern Radeon cards with their Fetch4 feature are able surpass pure DirectX 10 devices like the current Geforces .
But at the same time Huddy explains that Compute Shader is uncharted territory for developers and thus it is hard to integrate .
Getting the optimum out of it is even harder currently .
In matters of possible performance benefit Huddy calls the Local Data Share ( the memory shared between different Threads ) , which is required by DirectX 11 , a Killer - Feature .
Especially in Screen Space based Ambient Occlusion it is possible to safe huge amounts of data traffic resulting in less workload for the bandwidth and texture units which are used to read the data .
PC Games Hardware has already reported about AMD 's DirectX 11 graphics cards of the Evergreen family , which are said to be released in 2009 .
We have integrated the first video with Richard Huddy 's interesting remarks about the expected performance into this article again .
[ futuremark ]
As it has already been the case at the Computex AMD concealed the real performance of the graphics card - accordingly the fps values visible on the display are not representative for the final products .
The Evergreen card with a dual slot cooling solution is , according to Huddy , neither an entry level nor a high - end product - it is supposed to be part of the product array above 100 USD .
Unterstützt PCGH – es dauert nur eine Minute .
Danke !
Alle Leser bekommen bei uns täglich kostenlos News , Artikel , Guides , Videos und Podcasts über aktuelle Spiele - Hardware und ihre Lieblingsspiele .
Bislang haben wir diese Seite vorwiegend über Werbung finanziert , doch seit COVID - 19 wird das zunehmend schwieriger .
Viele Unternehmen kürzen oder streichen für 2020 ihre Werbebudgets .
Budgets , auf die wir leider angewiesen sind , wenn wir PC Games Hardware auch in Zukunft in gewohnter Form kostenlos anbieten wollen .
Aus diesem Grund wenden wir uns jetzt an euch .
Ihr könnt uns als PCGH - Supporter dabei unterstützen , dass wir unsere bekannten Inhalte auch weiterhin in gewohnter Form kostenlos anbieten können .
Jeder Beitrag , ob groß oder klein , ist wertvoll .
Unterstützt PC Games Hardware - es dauert nur eine Minute .
Jetzt unterstützen
Wir danken euch jetzt schon im Voraus .
Reklame : Die besten Grafikkarten für Spieler Die besten Grafikkarten für Spieler bei Alternate entdecken
Bildergalerie ( Ansicht vergrößern für Quellenangaben )
The Galerie will be downloaded ...
(*) Affiliate - Links haben wir mit einem Sternchen gekennzeichnet .
Wir erhalten für einen Kauf über unseren Link eine kleine Provision und können so die kostenlos nutzbare Webseite teilweise mit diesen Einnahmen finanzieren .
Für den User entstehen hierbei keine Kosten .
LONDON , Sept 9 ( Reuters ) - Lloyds Banking Group LLOY.L named former Goldman Sachs banker James Garvey head of capital markets on Wednesday , one of the UK bank 's highest profile appointments since it was rescued with state cash .
Garvey will head the capital markets and advisory business .
He retired from Goldman Sachs GS.N as a partner earlier this year after spending 10 years at the U.S. investment bank .
A Lloyds spokeswoman declined to disclose details of his pay and said the bank always looked to reward people “ in an appropriate and prudent fashion ” .
Efinancialnews said he will be paid over 1 million pounds ( $ 1.7 million ) a year .
The UK government owns 43 percent of Lloyds after pumping almost 15 billion pounds into it and HBOS , the lender Lloyds took over earlier this year .
Garvey will report to Andrew Geczy , Lloyds ’ managing director of wholesale markets .
Garvey ’s experience of dealing with institutions and corporates across the capital markets “ fits perfectly with our vision to support our wholesale client franchise with an enhanced capital markets platform ” , Geczy said .
Garvey also worked for Citigroup C.N , UBS UBSN.VX and West LB in a 22 year career , Lloyds said .
( Reporting by Steve Slater ; editing by Elaine Hardcastle )
Your iPhone Just Wants a Beer , Bro
On first sight , just about everyone thinks this iPhone screenie is a fake .
As it turns out , the pic is totally legit .
User “ Jeff ” ( not me ) over at the iPhone blog submitted the pic after he received the message .
He had been sitting next to a pool in Scotsdale , AZ when the doom and gloom message popped up .
His solution : “ I put the iPhone between two cold beers and it worked ! ”
Well played , sir .
Well played .
According to Apple Support , using or leaving your iPhone in direct sunlight can result in this same message .
They also say your phone “ may still be able to make emergency calls . ”
May ?
Is that just some corporate ass - covering in the event of a nuclear fallout ?
Source : Gizmodo
Turns out Matt Taibbi is already acquainted with Rep. Alan Grayson .
Here 's his backstory ( ( and remember , reward good behavior ) :
Alan Grayson , Bernie Sanders , Ron Paul and others keep hammering away at this whole Fed - secrecy issue , and every now and then we get some pretty interesting exchanges .
Zero Hedge relates this one between Grayson and Fed counsel Scott Alvarez .
It ’s becoming abundantly clear that at some point we ’re going to start to hear details about monstrous front - running operations involving the major banks on Wall Street .
I recommend that everyone watch this clip just for the sheer entertainment value .
I have personal experience with … well , let ’s call it the unique personality of Alan Grayson .
In his capacity as an attorney he once basically threatened to have me dismembered and have my body parts dumped in a tin canister and fired into the center of a burning supernova .
And that ’s actually underselling the real language he used .
We were having a disagreement about the use of information given to me by a certain source in a story about military contracting , and in the middle of what had been a normal contentious argument between two sane adults , dude suddenly assumed this crazy monster - voice and just went medieval on me .
He was roaring into the telephone about how he was going to crush me , how I was going to wish I had never messed with him , how I did n’t know who the hell I was dealing with , and so on .
One phrase I remember in particular was , “ I am going to strip the bark off of you ! ”
It came totally out of the blue and it was like being on the telephone with a metamorphosing werewolf — the whole performance genuinely freaked me out .
I may even have peed a little , I ca n’t remember .
When I heard Alan Grayson was running for Congress , I remember thinking to myself , That Alan Grayson ?
The lunatic ?
It ca n’t be , I thought .
I kept imagining trails of half - eaten sheep leading to his campaign appearances .
But it turned out to be true .
And when I checked , his platform turned out to be quite sane and even kind of interesting .
Then he got elected and I suddenly started seeing his name attached to all of these calls for transparency , various crusades for FinReg reforms , etc .
And now every time I see Alan Grayson , he ’s tearing some freaked - out bureaucrat a new a** hole in the middle of some empty conference room in the Capitol somewhere .
I see the looks on the faces of these poor souls and I know exactly what they ’re going through .
Which is just hilarious , frankly .
Especially since these people all tend to deserve it , like this nebbishy little creep Alvarez quite obviously does .
Now for most of last year Grayson ’s public appearances did n’t rate any higher than a five or maybe a six on the craziness scale , but he ’s a definite seven in this clip , trending toward eight .
Watch Alvarez look around nervously , like he ’s not sure whether to say something about how out of control Grayson is .
He ’s looking around like he expects someone to come out with a butterfly net and capture Grayson , so he can get back to lunch .
But no help comes .
Very entertaining stuff .
Researchers are reporting that they have solved a longstanding mystery about the rapid spread of a fatal brain infection in deer , elk and moose in the Midwest and West .
The infectious agent , which leads to chronic wasting disease , is spread in the feces of infected animals long before they become ill , according to a study published online Wednesday by the journal Nature .
The agent is retained in the soil , where it , along with plants , is eaten by other animals , which then become infected .
The finding explains the extremely high rates of transmission among deer , said the study ’s lead author , Dr. Stanley B. Prusiner , director of the Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases at the University of California , San Francisco .
First identified in deer in Colorado in 1967 , the disease is now found throughout 14 states and 2 Canadian provinces .
It leads to emaciation , staggering and death .
The . Best . Sourdough Bread .
Ever. ( or The Key to the Bread Universe )
The first time I ever had this great bread was in my sister - in - law 's kitchen .
I thought I was eating some artisan bakery bread when she casually mentioned that she had made it herself .
I 've made a lot of bread over the years but I 've NEVER made bread like what I was eating .
The world of bread changed at that moment for me .
Two years ago I wrote a lot about sourdough on my blog , My Sister 's Kitchen .
Since then , with a lot of practice almost daily , my recipe and technique has been perfected -- at least for MY kitchen !
( If you want to read more about my sourdough journey , please feel free to check out My Sister 's Kitchen . )
I had resigned myself to simply buying good , crusty sourdough since I never even came close to replicating the famous San Francisco sourdough loaves I ate as a child .
But no longer ~ !
For over two years now my kitchen counter has been lined with many bowls of starter , batter , dough , etc. ( Dr. Seuss aficionados should think , Bartholomew and the Ooblek . )
My entire kitchen has been taken over by this wonderful project .
So far , the results have been overwhelmingly excellent !
A very important detail to note is that this method makes extra large loaves that are approximately 4.5 pounds each .
Each loaf costs only $ 0.68 to make .
That is sixty - eight cents .
I buy flour and yeast in bulk , so it 's possible that if you buy your ingredients at a regular grocery store , your loaf might cost twice that .... a whopping $ 1.36 !
As you 'll see , that 's for a loaf that 's about 3 times the size of a loaf of grocery store bread .
( And do n't be intimidated by all the steps .
I 've broken things down into as simple increments as possible because this is really EASY ! )
In some ways , sourdough starter is the ultimate renewable resource because it 's ALIVE !
I was coaching a friend through her first bread - making experience and explaining how to care for her starter .
She turned to me and said , " You 're talking about this starter like it 's a live creature ! "
And she 's right .
It IS a live critter .
As long as I keep it comfortable and well - fed , it will go on growing , replicating , and replenishing itself .
The art of making sourdough bread is a delightful exercise in returning to the " olden days " of some of the original DIYers -- the gold miners and the pioneers .
Sourdough is n't a new , green technology ; it 's an old , even ancient , technology that has sustained people for milennia .
Making our own sourdough returns us to an age of LESS technology and LESS speed .
Do n't forget : LESS money too !
Sourdough bread , made properly , ambles slowly in a world that frantically runs .
It might even ask for a tall glass of sweet tea and a rocking chair on the porch .
Sept. 4 , 2009  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates personally lobbied the Associated Press in an unsuccessful bid that the news agency honor a family 's wish that it not distribute a graphic photograph showing the final moments of their son's life after the marine had been mortally wounded in a firefight in Afghanistan .
The photo shows 21 - year - old Lance Cpl. Joshua M. Bernard of New Portland , Maine , being helped by squadmates shortly after suffering severe leg injuries in a Taliban ambush in southern Afghanistan in mid-August .
He was evacuated to a field hospital where he later died on the operating table .
Associated Press photographer Julie Jacobson was embedded with Bernard 's squad at the time of the attack and caught the graphic image as it happened .
The photo was included as part of a package sent to AP clients that included photos of Bernard 's unit on patrol taken shortly before the attack and of a memorial service after his death .
An AP article accompanying the photo's release reported how the agency had reached its decision to distribute the photo after much reflection , but that ultimately the image conveyed , " the grimness of war and the sacrifice of young men and women fighting it . "
The article quotes Santiago Lyon , the director of photography for AP , as saying , " AP journalists document world events every day .
Afghanistan is no exception .
We feel it is our journalistic duty to show the reality of the war there , however unpleasant and brutal that sometimes is . "
In a letter to Associated Press President and CEO Thomas Curley , Gates said he was asking the AP to reconsider its decision to distribute the photo " in the strongest of terms " and called the decision " appalling " and lacking in " common decency . "
Gates continued , " I cannot imagine the pain and suffering Lance Corporal Bernard 's death has caused his family .
Why your organization would purposefully defy the family 's wishes knowing full well that it will lead to yet more anguish is beyond me .
Your lack of compassion and common sense in choosing to put this image of their maimed and stricken child on the front page of multiple American newspapers is appalling .
The issue here is not law , policy or constitutional right -- but judgment and common decency . "
Gates Requested AP to Not Distribute Graphic Photo of Marine
Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell said Gates had also telephoned Curley on Thursday to urge him to reconsider and told him , " I am begging you to defer to the wishes of the family .
This will cause them great pain . "
Morrell said Curley replied that he would reconvene his editors and make them aware of Gates ' concerns .
He later notified the Pentagon that the AP would update its Editors Note to reflect Gates ' phone call so clients could factor that information into their decision - making .
When Gates was relayed this message , Morrell said he was " extremely disappointed with their poor judgment and the fact that they did not adhere to the wishes of the family . "
Morrell added that this morning the Pentagon provided Gates with an assessment that " the overwhelming preponderance of news organizations had used good judgment and not run the photos . "
He described Gates as being pleased to hear that though he was " disappointed that a very few did publish it . "
Paul Colford , AP 's director of media relations , said he only had anecdotal information about the photo's use by media outlets and said there is " no immediate register to measure its use -- that material accumulates over time . "
The AP article described that it had sent a reporter to have Bernard 's father review the photos and that he had asked them not to distribute the photo in question because it would be disrespectful to his memory .
He reiterated his displeasure in a follow - on phone conversation this week .
AP Defends Distribution of Photo
AP senior managing editor John Daniszewski said in the article , " We understand Mr. Bernard 's anguish .
We believe this image is part of the history of this war .
The story and photos are in themselves a respectful treatment and recognition of sacrifice . "
" He said Bernard 's death shows 'his sacrifice for his country .
Our story and photos report on him and his last hours respectfully and in accordance with military regulations surrounding journalists embedded with U.S. forces . ' "
The AP reported that it waited until after Bernard 's burial on Aug. 24 to distribute its story and pictures .
News organizations seemed divided over whether to use the photo , with some explaining to their readers and viewers the reasoning behind their decision .
In a posting on its Web site , WMTW , the ABC affiliate in Bernard 's hometown in Portland , Maine , explained they were refraining from running the photo on its newscasts or its Web site .
" The picture is extremely graphic which is why News 8 and WMTW.com made the decision not to show it , " said an article describing the AP 's distribution of the photograph .
The Portland Press Herald ran the AP 's package without the photo in question explaining to its readers in a small sidebar that " running the photo would be in poor taste . "
However , the Honolulu Star Bulletin , a newspaper in Hawaii where Bernard 's unit was based , did publish the photo as part of the AP 's package in both its printed and online versions .
Another newspaper that chose to run the photo , The Intelligencer from Wheeling , W.Va. , explained in an editorial that it had decided to run the photo after " hours of debate and , yes , searching of our own hearts . "
The editorial explained the photo's publication was not intended as " sensationalism " or with any disrespect to Bernard or his family , but that , " Too often , we fear , some Americans see only the statistics , the casualty counts released by the Department of Defense .
We believe it is important for all of us to understand that behind the numbers are real men and women , sometimes making the ultimate sacrifice , for us . "
AP spokesman Paul Colford told ABCNews that leaving the choice to editors is " how the system is designed to work " and that the photos were circulated early enough Thursday so that the news agency 's hundreds of media clients " had the fullness of the day whether to decide to use the photo or not as they saw fit . "
In Chipping the web : August 27th , smart guy Sterling ( aka “ Chip ” ) linked to Lisp for the Web .
Lisp for the Web is a familiarization tutorial for doing Web development with Common Lisp , written by Adam Peterson .
It uses some portable , open source Lisp libraries to develop a simple but useful Web application ( or , well , it would be useful if the subject matter were less silly — but that ’s easily fixed and does n’t require any coding expertise itself ) .
Adam says , in a bit of foreshadowing about what he ’ll do with the Web application developed in the course of the tutorial :
utilize powerful open source libraries for expressing dynamic HTML and JavaScript in Lisp ,
develop a small , embedded domain specific language tailored for my application ,
extend the typical development cycle by modifying code in a running system and execute code during compilation ,
and finally migrate from data structures in memory to persistent objects using a third party database .
I ’ll do this in a live system transparent to the users of the application .
Because Lisp is so high - level , I ’ll be able to achieve everything in just around 70 lines of code .
He cheats a little , here — because it would surely require more than 70 lines of code if he was n’t using libraries to do some of the heavy lifting — but that ’s still probably pretty impressive to the average Java developer who has never used a high - level , dynamic language .
I have n’t read the whole thing , but what I have read is very clear , straightforward , and well - presented .
In short , it looks great .
In fact , it looks like exactly what I would like to have , if it used Scheme instead of Common Lisp .
See , the problem is that I ’m working on learning Scheme right now — and using it , in turn , to ( re ) learn some Computer Science concepts .
Part of that involves trying to work my way through the exercises in SICP .
Anyway , the point is that I ’d like to learn to do this sort of thing in Scheme instead of Lisp , to help with learning practical application of Scheme rather than just getting lost in the land of theory .
There are about three or four such Web development tutorials I ’ve found for Scheme .
Unfortunately , they all use a Web development framework that only works on PLT Scheme .
Well , hell — I do n’t want to have to change Scheme implementations every time I want to work on something in a new problem domain .
Is n’t there something like this that uses portable Scheme libraries , rather than using something particular to a specific implementation ?
I know why this kind of problem surfaces , of course .
It ’s because , in every Scheme version up through R5RS , there has never been a standardized module system for libraries .
Every implementation of any RnRS such that ( <= n 5 ) uses its own idiosyncratic ( and incompatible with others ) module system , except in some cases of forks .
R6RS specifies a standardized module system , but R6RS is relatively new and somewhat controversial , so it does n’t have nearly the support amongst the old - school Scheme hackers that R5RS and previous versions did .
Maybe R6RS will start accreting libraries of the sort that used to be implementation - specific in previous versions , given time , but for now I ’m SOL , as far as I ’ve been able to determine .
Bah , humbug .
If you know of any exceptions to the “ No Scheme Web Development Tutorials Use Implementation Nonspecific Tools ” rule , please let me know .
Otherwise , it ’ll probably be a year at least before I get to learn to do Web development in Scheme , since I ’ll have to figure it out from scratch ( well , to some extent , borrow ideas from others ’ code , but I have to learn to grok others ’ code well enough to do so ) if I do n’t want to have yet another implementation of the same language installed on my damned laptop .
I already have three of ’em ( that I remember off the top of my head ) .
( CNN ) -- A Mississippi high school football player is being hailed as a hero for saving a school bus full of elementary and high school students from a gun-wielding girl .
Kaleb Eulls , 18 , says he tried to keep the gun-wielding girl 's focus on him and away from other students .
Surveillance camera footage on the Yazoo County school bus on Tuesday captured 18 - year - old Kaleb Eulls tackling the 14 - year - old girl while the children evacuated the bus .
Eulls managed to wrestle the .380 - caliber semi-automatic handgun from her , Yazoo County Sheriff Thomas Vaughan told CNN .
Eulls was asleep with headphones in his ears when the 14 - year - old girl rose from her seat with a weapon in her hand , he told CNN's " American Morning . "
" One of my sisters woke me up and said , ' Kaleb , the girl has a gun , ' " he said .
Watch Eulls describe what happened »
Twenty - two children ages 5 to 18 were on the bus to Linwood Elementary , Yazoo County Junior High and Yazoo County High schools when the incident began , Vaughan said .
The girl started pacing the aisle , shouting and pointing the gun , threatening to shoot those she accused of teasing her , Eulls said .
At one point , the bus driver calmly called her up to the front and attempted to talk her down .
But she returned to the middle of the bus and resumed shouting -- most of which is inaudible on the footage , except for the comment , " Do n't talk to me . "
That 's when Eulls , a 6 - foot - 4 - inch , 255 - pound high school senior who has verbally committed to play for Mississippi State University after graduation , went into action .
" I just tried to get her to focus directly on me , just point the gun at me , so I would know she 's not pointing it at anyone else besides me , " he said .
" And in a split second , I guess she just looked off the bus or flinched or blinked , and I knew that would be my only chance , and I just went at her . "
The defensive end and quarterback , recognized as one of the best players in the state by The Clarion - Ledger newspaper in Jackson , tackled the girl to the floor and took the gun from her .
" After I got the gun loose , I told my bus driver that I had it , and I ran out the back of the bus with it and disarmed it , " he said .
In the footage , the girl can be seen running after him .
Watch the confrontation unfold on camera »
In the aftermath , Eulls was humble .
" At that point I just knew something had to be done or the situation could have been worse , " he told CNN .
The girl was arrested and taken into custody as a juvenile .
She faces 22 counts of attempted aggravated assault , 22 counts of kidnapping and one count of possession of a firearm on school property because the bus is leased by the school district , Vaughan said .
Everyone else , including Eulls , continued on to school , where he received a hero 's welcome , Vaughan said .
Eulls ' mother said she was a little shocked by the incident .
" When he tackled her to get the gun , he could 've got shot you know -- she could 've shot him .
...
His career could 've been ruined for the rest of his life , " Ora Eulls told HLN 's Mike Galanos .
Watch Eulls ' mother talk about the incident »
" I told him I was proud of him , we all was proud of him , and I told him do n't ever scare me like that again , because he did a tremendous thing saving 23 lives , plus he put his life in danger for their lives . "
Since Tuesday , the high school and police office have been flooded with calls from the media and the public seeking more information on Yazoo County 's hometown hero .
" Things could 've got real ugly , and there would 've been a lot of grieving families in Yazoo County right now , " Vaughan said .
" I 'm just extremely glad this young man took the bull by the horns and stopped a potentially deadly situation . "
Vaughan said he could n't be more pleased with the situation -- especially when he learned that Eulls was bound for Mississippi State .
From the clocks and banners decorating his office to the screen saver on his computer , Vaughan is a Bulldogs fan through and through .
" I 'll be tickled to see him on the field .
You can see in his body makeup he 's extremely strong and fast , and not only is he strong in body , he 's strong in mind and in his heart , " the sheriff said .
" He 's one of the most humble 18 - year - olds you will ever see .
He 's a great kid , and if he maintains his mind - set as he has it now , he 'll go a long ways . "
All About Mississippi State University
Entangled photons can now be controlled ( Image : Dan Talson / Rex Features )
THERE is a simple rule of computing that holds true even in the weird quantum world : increase the number of units of information available and you boost computing power .
Raising the number of quantum bits , or qubits , carries an even greater reward – every additional qubit doubles the computing power .
But raising the number of qubits has proven tricky because of the difficulty of reliably producing entangled particles .
Now a team has designed a system that should fire out barrages of entangled photons with machine - gun regularity .
Existing methods of producing entangled …
Lo sentimos pero no podemos encontrar la página .
La causa probable de este error es el nuevo diseño del sitio web de SciDev .
Net.
Inténtelo nuevamente y actualice la página .
Si esto no funciona , intente con búsqueda .
Vaya a la página de inicio , navegue y háganos saber su opinión de nuestro nuevo sitio .
* Illustration : Michael Gericke * Warning :
The ideas expressed here may be dangerous .
For this year 's list , we walked right past the usual suspects and went looking for trouble .
We wanted radicals , heretics , agitators — big thinkers with controversial , game - changing propositions .
We found a prison reformer who wants to empty jails , an economist who thinks foreign aid hurts more than it helps , and a military theorist who believes the US should launch preemptive cyberattacks , right now .
Then there 's secretary of defense robert gates , who wants to win wars , not just prep for them .
Risky ?
Sure .
But this is no time to play it safe .
1. John Arquilla
Go on the Cyberoffensive
2. Thorkil Sonne
Recruit Autistics
3. Gregg Easterbrook
Embrace Human Cloning
4. Ralph Keeney
Cheat Death
5. Dambisa Moyo
Cut Off Aid to Africa
__ 6 . Nils Christie__
Empty the Prisons
__ 7 . Stewart Brand__
Save the Slums
__ 8 . Stefan Szymanski and Stephen Ross__
Bust Up Big League Sports
9. Ludwig Minelli
Legalize Assisted Suicide
10 . Jamie Heywood
Forget Medical Privacy
11 . William Gurstelle
Take Smart Risks
12 . Robert Gates
Overhaul the Pentagon
Illustration : Tucker & Bennett
» Posted by secure_admin on Sep 21 , 2020 in Radon Mitigation | 0 comments
Radon is a gaseous element that ’s unnoticeable if not through testing .
Radon gets into our homes through the gaps and the cracks in our flooring , foundation , and even surrounding the pipes .
Moreover , there ’s a possibility that your water or building materials have radon traces within them as well .
Basically , this element is very hazardous especially in human beings because of its carcinogen recognized for its capability to cause lung cancer .
High radon levels should be reduced and taken action as soon as possible due to the risks it can give to humans .
Hence , it ’s vital to know about the facts behind the myths about household radon :
Myth # 1 : Houses with radon issues cannot be sold
Nowadays , real estate transactions have made radon testing as a standard practice .
If your prospective homebuyer asks you to get a Fort Collins radon testing , do not be scared about it .
Once you already installed a mitigation system in your home , this is usually a selling point and not a detractor .
Myth # 2 : You do n’t have to have your home tested once your neighbor tried it and had a low radon level
There a plenty of factors involved in which house will have a radon level of more than 4.0 pCi/L , and which will not .
So , even if your neighbor got a lower level of radon in their home , there ’s still a possibility that you have a level of more than 4.0 pCi/L .
Myth # 3 : You do n’t have to test your house when it ’s not in high - risk space
In every state , some places are naturally at high risk when it comes to radon concentration .
Meaning , houses in such places are at greater risk to develop a radon issue .
However , 1/15 houses in the United States is adversely impacted by high radon levels , which includes houses out of those high - risk places .
Basically , all homes can potentially have high radon levels .
Myth #
4 : You should test your home ’s lower level , such as the basement
Commonly , testing is performed at the lowest part of your home .
The testing device requires to obtain the air that you and your household are taking in .
You should never test your unused basement or crawlspace .
A lot of homes are tested mostly in dining rooms or living rooms .
What must you do after knowing such myths about household radon ?
If such misconceptions about household radon are proven as not true , you have to think about whether you will or will not test your home .
The EPA strongly pushes each property owner to test their house , no matter where they live .
The only kinds of homes that are n’t in danger for high concentrations of radon would be treehouses , houseboats , homes on stilts , and mobile without skirting .
When you get a slab foundation , basement , and crawlspace , make sure to have your home tested for radon .
The most particular household misconception is that homes with high levels of radon cannot be remedied .
This is actually not true since each radon issue can be resolved and is fixable .
All you need to do is to contact an expert now .
Anyone who contributes $ 10 will have their name and an Emoji sentence of their choice printed at the back of the book when it is published , while a donation of $ 200 or more entitles the supporter to a limited edition colour hard back version .
This page describes how to build and use XULRunner with the Python extension on Windows and while generally useful it is written based on experiences with accessibility projects .
See also XULRunner .
Or , if you are interested in working with XULRunner with Python on Linux , see Mark Lise 's Post
With the Python extensions enabled XULRunner provides python script access to the DOM and XPCOM in addition to the usual Java Script .
This gives access to Python features and modules and builds on Mark Hammond 's pyXPCOM work from Active State .
XPCOM components can also be created in Python .
Currently ( Mar 07 ) Python is not enabled by default so a custom build of Mozilla is needed .
This page provides instructions in the hope of eliminating much trial and error .
You should also read the the developer documentation on source code and building as wells as PyXPCOM
XULRunner with Python promises to be a good platform for accessibility projects and both Jambu Alternative Input and the IAccessible2 test tool are using it .
Of particular interested is access to MSAA and IAccessible2 via the Python comtypes package .
Development Machine Setup
First a word of warning that ZoneAlarm has exhibited memory leaks that cause build machines to crash with rather spurious errors .
You may want to uninstall it if you suspect this to be a problem .
You will also want to disable any virus scanner resident monitoring as that will slow builds .
Ensure the PC is running XP with all the latest Service Packs and patches applied .
Microsoft C++ compiler is required and whilst the current free version is Visual Studio 8 Express ( MSVC8 ) you will almost certainly want to use Visual Studio .NET 2003 ( MSVC71 ) which is not longer officially available .
The issue is that XULRunner must be built with the same version of C as Python and with Python 2.5 that is MSVC71 .
Both must use the same version of the C runtime library MSVCRT ?.DLL or crashes will ensue .
The alternative is to build Python with MSVC8 as well asMozilla , but that may be problematic .
It might also be possible to use the Open Source MinGW compiler with the correct MSVC run time but that is apparently not recommended .
Apply any Service Packs and for MSVC71 SP 1 is available .
The matching platform SDK is also needed and for MSVC71 that is .
NET Framework SDK 1.1 .
The latest Mozilla Build system is easy to use .
Install the included Python distro usingpython25 \ python - 2.5.msi .
It does n't need to be installed for the build but will be useful later when installing Python packages which look for entries in the Windows ' registry .
Building
The batch filestart - msvc71. bat is used to launch the build console ( MSys from the MinGw project ) .
If you plan to checkout often into empty folders you could modify it to set the CVSROOT environment variable .
set CVSROOT=:pserver:anonymous@cvs-mirror.mozilla.org :/cvsroot
Having created amozilla project directory ( e.g.C:\projects\mozilla or/c/projects/mozilla in msys ) create the following . mozconfig file .
Note this is complete and does not require the checkout of any other project specific .
mozconfig files as sometimes shown .
It effectively specifies a release build that is not particularly suitable for debugging XULRunner itself .
It uses the trunk ( or latest ) code in CVS so may be unstable .
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/../obj-xulrunner mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=xulrunner ac_add_options --enable-application=xulrunner ac_add_options --enable-extensions=python , default ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom ac_add_options --disable-activex ac_add_options --disable-activex-scripting ac_add_options --disable -tests ac_add_options --enable - optimize
To check out all the required source code and build it the first time with no local client .mk file , execute
cd /c/ projects cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs-mirror.mozilla.org :/cvsroot co mozilla/client.mk cd mozilla make -f client.mk
For subsequent updates from CVS followed by a build , use
cd /c/projects/mozilla make -f client.mk
which will also checkout client.mk itself
For build only , without checkouts , use
make -f client.mk build
and see client .mk for other options .
The built XULRunner can then be found asc:\projects\obj-xulrunner\dist\bin\xulrunner.exe .
Using Python in XUL applications
Add the following to yourprefs .js during development
pref ( " browser.dom.window.dump.enabled " , true ) ; pref ( " javascript.options.showInConsole " , true ) ; pref ( " javascript.options.strict " , true ) ; pref ( " nglayout.debug.disable_xul_cache " , true ) ; pref ( " nglayout.debug.disable_xul_fastload " , true ) ;
HTML < script > tags specify that Python is used withtype= " application / x- python " attribute .
DOM scripting is pretty much as with Java Script .
For example
def onLoad ( ) : btnTest = document.getElementById(" btnTest " ) btnTest.addEventListener(' command ' , onTest , False ) def onTest ( ) : window.alert (' Button activated ' ) window.addEventListener(' load ' , onLoad , False )
One possible gotcha is that the default python path used to find modules that areimported explicitly includes the xulrunner executable directory and the directory that is current when XULRunner launches .
However it does not include any path related to the XUL application being run .
Some work around will need to be found .
Unhandled exceptions are displayed in the JavaScript Error Console which can be opened usingxulrunner - jsconsole .
One solution is to puttry .... except : print_exc ( ) round any event handler to print tracebacks to stdout and use a python console to catch that output .
The JSconsole can also be open and used from code , for example ( in Javascript )
function openJavaScriptConsole ( ) { var wwatch = Components.classes [" @mozilla.org/embedcomp/window-watcher;1 " ] .getService( Components.interfaces.nsIWindowWatcher ) ; wwatch.openWindow(null , " chrome://global/content/console.xul " , " _blank " , " chrome , dialog=no , all " , null ) ; } // dump to the js console ( xulrunner - jsconsole ) function jsdump ( str ) { Components.classes ['@mozilla.org /consoleservice;1 ' ] .getService ( Components.interfaces.nsIConsoleService ) .logStringMessage( str ) ; } function jserror ( str ) { Components.utils.reportError(str ) ; }
A final tip is to use task manager to check for a zombie xulrunner process after a crash .
A zombie will keep old code open and cause confusion when you make changes and run xulrunner again .
Deploying
Python must be installed on the target machine .
Perhaps eventually a XULRunner with a minimal Python installation can be generated with something like py2exe or pyInstaller .
Untill then simply deploy thedist\bin folder and the XUL application .
Do n't copy any .
pyo files that exist for python modules in the application or errors will occur on the target machine .
It is possible to test for python in a batch file using something like
rem Check Python 2.5 installed reg query " HKLM \SOFTWARE \Python\PythonCore\2.5 " > nul 2 >&1 || reg query " HKCU \SOFTWARE \Python\PythonCore\2.5 " > nul 2 >&1 if errorlevel 1 ( echo Python 2.5 was not found .
Please install it .
echo Exiting ... pause exit / b 1 ) start " XULRunner with Python " " %moz_bin%\xulrunner.exe " - app application.ini %opts % exit /b 0
See XULRunner:Deploying_XULRunner_1.8 for general information .
Sample
A sample XULRunner application with these Python features is available .
This includes the pyXPCOM tests and a basic Python console from Alex Badea
Kate Beaton
This is the first of two Jules Verne cartoons , and admittedly , the sillier one .
Someone give
Poe some credit for influencing science fiction instead of always making parodies of The Raven , hey ?
Anyway , this one came in part from a conversation with
AND ALSO
Speaking of which , he and many other great artists will be appearing this weekend at Come Dream With Me Tonight This is the first of two Jules Verne cartoons , and admittedly , the sillier one .
Someone give
Poe some credit for influencing science fiction instead of always making parodies of The Raven , hey ?
Anyway , this one came in part from a conversation with Dustin Harbin , check out his stuff !
It 's great !
AND ALSOSpeaking of which , he and many other great artists will be appearing this weekend at SPX , and I am excited to be there myself !
It 's a great show , come on out come on come onnnnnnnnn Store !
Manuel Zelaya was sent into exile following June 's army - backed coup
Honduras 's supreme court has rejected a Costa Rica - brokered deal to restore ousted President Manuel Zelaya to power and ordered his arrest if he returns .
The ruling also affirmed the legitimacy of the government of interim leader Roberto Micheletti .
The move comes on the eve of a planned visit by a delegation from the Organisation of American States ( OAS ) , which backs the Costa Rican proposal .
It is unclear if the court ruling will affect the delegation 's plans .
Fresh blow
The court reminded Mr Zelaya that he faces several charges - including crimes against the government , treason , and abuse of power - and would be subject to trial if he re-entered the country .
It said Mr Micheletti's government had been installed as part of a lawful " constitutional succession " .
Correspondents say Mr Micheletti is increasingly confident that he will be able to remain in power until elections at the end of November .
The ruling is a blow to a proposal mediated by Costa Rican president , Oscar Arias , to try to end the crisis .
Under the proposal , Mr Zelaya would be reinstated as president , while Mr Micheletti would return to his pre-coup post as the speaker of Honduras 's parliament , and early elections would be called .
Mr Zelaya has been in exile since 28 June when he was forced from office amid a power struggle over his proposals for a public consultation on constitutional change .
His critics said the move was aimed at removing the current one - term limit on serving as president and paving the way for his re-election .
Ich hatte Gelegenheit , beim Bundeskriminalamt anzurufen .
Laufende Ermittlungen .
Konkret : Beamte haben bei meinem Mandanten , der nicht zu Hause war und auch nicht vorhat , nach Hause zu gehen , durchsucht .
Jetzt sitzen sie im Auto vor seinem Haus .
Ich nehme an , sie warten nicht auf den Pizzaservice .
Da sich in der zuständigen Abteilung niemand meldet , werde ich zum Dauerdienst im Bundeskriminalamt durchgestellt .
Der dortige Diensthabende möchte zuerst wissen , von wem ich weiß , dass seine Kollegen vor der Haustüre stehen .
Das fragt er drei Mal , in einem jovialen Tonfall zwischen Pilawa und Jauch ; ich fühle mich aber trotzdem nur marginal in meiner Ehre als Strafverteidiger gekränkt .
Dann kommt der übliche Spruch , er wisse ja nicht , wer ich bin , deshalb könne er mir nichts zu einem laufenden Verfahren sagen .
Ich erkläre , dass ich gar nichts von ihm wissen will , sondern ihm nur gern das mir mittlerweile bekannte Aktenzeichen und meine Mobiltelefonnummer durchgeben möchte .
Verbunden mit der Bitte , seine im Auto wartenden Kollegen zu kontaktieren und ihnen anzubieten , mich doch mal anzurufen .
Wenn sie denn wollen .
Was ja sein könnte .
Der Beamte erklärt , dafür bräuchte der Beschuldigte keinen Anwalt .
Der Beschuldigte solle sich doch bitte selbst melden .
Langsam ringe ich doch um Fassung , schaffe es aber noch freundlich zu fragen , ob er denn nun meine Telefonnummer notieren möchte .
Noch mal : unverbindlich , nur für den Fall , dass seine Kollegen vor Ort mit mir sprechen und vielleicht ihre Wartezeit abkürzen wollen .
„ Nö . “ Dann legt er auf .
So viel zu unseren neuen Supercops .
Obama 's Money Moves View interactive 200 days in , the President is going for broke .
Click for analysis of where he 's succeeding - and where he�s not .
Quick Vote
When do you think the economy will improve ?
In the next few months
In six months to a year
In a year or more
It 's already on the mend or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- U.S. banks will collect a record $ 38.5 billion in overdraft fees this year , with nearly all the revenue paid by just 10 % of customers , according to a research report released Monday .
The windfall is nearly double the $ 19.9 billion collected in 2000 , as overdraft fees drift higher despite the recession , said Mike Moebs , chief executive of research company Moebs Services .
" Overdrafts are the mother lode of all service - related charges , and they 're often the only source of capital , " Moebs said .
" Still , we had never seen fees go higher in any recession until now . "
The national median overdraft fee rose to $ 26 from $ 25 in 2008 , while larger Wall Street banks charge a median of $ 35 , Moebs said .
Moebs Services collected data from 2,000 banks and credit unions , and the firm found that 44.5 % reported a net overdraft revenue higher than their net income .
Fee hikes have helped banks boost profit amid the recession , Moebs said .
" Most people paying these fees have a credit score below 590 or so , " Moebs said .
" Beyond that , they 're a whole gamut of people : rich and poor , men and women . "
Government - mandated overdraft fee increases " are leading the charge , " Moebs said .
For example , he said , a local U.S. post office decides to increase its overdraft fee to $ 35 .
Area retailers note the increase and in turn raise their own fees .
Finally , banks follow suit .
" I doubt anybody in Congress is aware of this , " Moebs said .
" The customers are angry , and they have a right to be angry . "
The Federal Reserve and other lawmakers are discussing rules about overdraft fees , Moebs noted , but he thinks cash - strapped customers need more transparency -- and soon .
" We need to do everything we can for consumers : send e-mails , text messages , voice - activated alerts , " Moebs said .
" It 's essential that we send a wake - up call , especially to Wall Street banks . "
A JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) spokesman told CNN that his company did not raise overdraft fees from last year , saying that the bank charges overdraft fees depending on number of times it occurs ranging from $ 25 to $ 35 .
A Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) spokeswoman said although her company sent customers letters earlier this year about possible increases , it decided not to raise the $ 35 fee .
Overdrafts of less than $ 5 incur a $ 10 fee , she said , and the bank may waive unemployed consumers ' fees on a case - by - case basis .
Other banks were not reached for comment by CNN .
-- CNN 's Ekin Middleton contributed to this report .
More Los Angeles Fire Images
Triple - digit temperatures , extremely low relative humidities , dense vegetation that has not burned in decades , and years of extended drought are all contributing to the explosive growth of wildfires throughout Southern California .
The Station fire , which began Aug. 26 , 2009 , in La Canada / Flintridge , not far from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , had reportedly burned 105,000 acres ( 164 square miles ) of the Angeles National Forest by mid-day Aug. 31 , destroying at least 21 homes and threatening more than 12,000 others .
It is one of four major fires burning in Southern California at the present time .
This image was acquired mid-morning on Aug. 30 by the backward ( northward ) - viewing camera of the Multi- angle Imaging SpectroRadiometer ( MISR ) instrument on NASA 's Terra satellite .
The image is shown in an approximate perspective view at an angle of 46 degrees off of vertical .
The area covered by the image is 245 kilometers ( 152 miles ) wide .
Several pyrocumulus clouds , created by the Station Fire , are visible above the smoke plumes rising from the San Gabriel Mountains north of Los Angeles in the left - center of the image .
Smoke from the Station fire is seen covering the interior valleys along the south side of the San Gabriel Mountains , along with parts of the City of Los Angeles and Orange County , and can be seen drifting for hundreds of kilometers to the east over the Mojave Desert .
The accompanying plots are histograms that display the heights of the smoke plumes and wind speeds .
In this data set , the plume is injecting smoke more than 7 kilometers ( 4.3 miles ) above sea level .
MISR observes the daylit Earth continuously and every 9 days views the entire globe between 82 degrees north and 82 degrees south latitude .
This image was generated from a portion of the imagery acquired during Terra orbit 51601 .
MISR was built and is managed by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , DC .
The Terra satellite is managed by NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. The MISR data were obtained from the NASA Langley Research Center Atmospheric Science Data Center .
JPL is a division of the California Institute of Technology .
Image Credit : NASA / GSFC / LaRC / JPL , MISR Team
Nowhere is the bewildering diversity of the people of India more apparent than on the Rupee : the value of each banknote is spelt out in 17 languages .
Tracing the origins of this type of diversity has only recently been opened up past the historical .
Nowadays , genome analysis has emerged to complement history in understanding our origins : by looking at the individual differences in the genetic code in individuals , we can identify how closely populations and families are related , and infer the migration and mating that brought us into the modern age .
Strangely , genetic analysis of the billion strong population of the subcontinent has been slow to kick off .
But a new study has revealed that despite the population of India being incredibly diverse , it is in fact derived from just two distinct ancient populations .
One of these , from the north , were distant cousins of Europeans and Middle Easterners , whereas those from the south were as different from the northerners as they were from the Chinese .
These distinctions are not visible now , but this ancestry is buried deep in the Indian genome .
Almost all sampled showed a blend of these two ancestral groups , but in differing proportions .
When David Reich and colleagues sampled people – accounting for geography , language and caste – they found the range of genetic diversity in India is up to four times greater than that found in Europeans : Indians of different groups are less similar than a Scot and a German .
I have Indian heritage but no cultural input : I 'm as English as cricket .
But upon arriving in Mumbai , I had the strange sense that there were many more people there that look a bit more like me than at home .
It made me think of the horrific old racist maxim , " they all look the same to me . "
Of course , this is just plain stupid , but genetically , it could n't be further from the truth .
So , how do you get from two distinct populations to the broad range of genetic diversity ?
In a population where there 's a range of hair colour , for example , ginger genes might eventually blend in and be lost through breeding with non-redheads .
But if a ginger family became isolated ( literally or for social reasons ) from the rest of the population and could therefore only breed within , then that whole population would be predominantly ginger .
In evolutionary terms we call this a " founder event " .
And it appears that India 's genetic spread is a result of many founder events at times during the last 3000 years : small pockets of populations that were endogamous : that is , they did n't breed much beyond their group .
I do n't expect many of them were ginger though .
There are a number of interesting implications for this .
The first is that the consequence of endogamy revealed by this genetic map of a billion people is that we should expect to see a higher frequency of recessive genetic diseases , in the same way that we observe in Ashkenazi Jews or the Finns .
Indian scientists are aware of disorders within their populations that rely on a unique genetic heritage , and have attributed it to marriage to close relatives , which is relatively common in the south .
But the roots of these diseases may be deeper than cousins marrying .
There 's a second socio-political inference .
The caste system has existed in India for centuries , and although great efforts have been made to reduce its divisive nature ( caste - based discrimination is outlawed under the constitution ) , it remains active and controversial .
It has been suggested that caste was to some degree an invention of ( or at least galvanised by ) the British during colonialism .
What the genetics now says is that this endogamy within castes has kept social groups relatively separate for thousands of years , and hence defined India 's population in genetic terms .
Reich commented that " There are populations that have lived in the same town and same village for thousands of years without exchanging genes . "
On top of this , this and other studies have shown a higher proportion of high caste members share genetic traits with those from the northern ancestral group .
This may yet prove to be controversial if it can be spun to defend a rigid caste structure .
It 's quite clear that India is now emerging as a potential superpower .
Yesterday , a long time after the west stopped going there , the first Indian lunar mission claims to have found water on the moon .
As India 's saga continues , scientists have uncovered the deep roots of a billion individual 's social structure by looking in their genes .
From Ken Adachi < Editor >
http://educate-yourself.org/911/index.shtml
Update : Dec. 1 , 2009
Zionist Israel : The Key Players Behind 911 ( Dec. 1 , 2009 )
http://pakalert.wordpress.com/2009/12/01/israel-did-911-all-the-proof-in-the-world/
Update : August 31 , 2008
I just came across a newly released 911 video called " Missing Links , The Definitive Truth About 9/11 " which many bloggers are praising as one of the best videos to date on the 911 false flag betrayal of America .
The emphasis is on the role of the Zionist infiltrators who have inserted themselves into the highest reaches of our government .
Missing Links : The Definitive Truth about 9/11 - New Video ( Aug. 31 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/missinglinksvideo31aug08.shtml
Update July 26 , 2008
3 Short Videos on Patriot Acts I , II , & III ( July 26 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/patriotactvideos26jul08.shtml
Update September 29 , 2007
There is now an astonsihingly array of high quality , well - produced 911 - videos that can be viewed and downloaded free from the internet .
I 've listed some of them separately below , as they became available or known to me , but I now see that there are many excellent 911 web sites that offer comprehensive 911 - video links .
The links posted at www.question911.com, for example , are top shelf .
There are many other videos as well from conferences or individual interviews .
The video , Loose Change , for instance , is asvailable at www.question911.com with subtitles in Chinese , Korean , Danish , French , German , Polish , and Swedish - in addition to English
As I find more 911 - video link sites ( or someone tells me about them ) , I 'll add to this list .
..
Ken
Videos
In order to download the three videos listed below , first right click the 911 Mysteries link and then left click the " Save Link As " from the drop down menu .
A box will open up and ask you into which file or folder you want to place the video download .
Either create a special folder such as " 911 videos " or place the video download into an existing folder of your choice .
When you hit the " save " button , the file will download and be found in that folder after the download completes .
After you 've finished downloading , you can then open up Windows Media Player or some other video playback program that you have on your computer .
Go to the " File " menu and click " Open " .
A box will open and ask which file you want to open .
Go to the folder where you stored the video downloads and then click the video you want to watch .
Finally , click the " open " button in the dialog box .
The video will then begin to play in your Media player program .
Missing Links : The Definitive Truth about 9/11 - New Video ( Aug. 31 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/missinglinksvideo31aug08.shtml
The 20 Minute , 911 Inside Job Power Point Presentation ( Aug. 29 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/911insidejobpresentation29aug08.shtml
911 Mysteries , Part 1 of 3 ( Exposes the mountain of lies surrounding 911 ) http://question911.hostroy.com/911%20Mysteries%20Part%201%20Demolitions%201of3.wmv ( 47megs )
911 Mysteries , Part 2 of 3
http://s206790037.onlinehome.us/q911/7w1305ee4049wq44pwzell9ee23/911%20Mysteries%20Part%201%20Demolitions%202of3.wmv
911 Mysteries , Part 3 of 3
http://s152982276.onlinehome.us.nyud.net:8080/7w1305ee4049wq44pwzell9ee23/911%20Mysteries%20Part%201%20Demolitions%203of3.wmv
" America , Freedom to Fascism " Film Now Available Online Free ( Oct. 23 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/freedomtofascismonline23oct06.shtml
Great Video links on 911 posted at www.question911.com
http://question911.com/linksall.htm
Secret Evil of 911 ( WMV 12 megs ) - Good overview of the main issues concerning the 911 hoax
http://question911.com/linkout.php?filename=SecretEvilOf911.wmv
911 Mysteries ( Full Length , High Quality ) - Google Video
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6708190071483512003
Painful Deceptions by Eric Hufschmid
http://www.erichufschmid.net/ThePainfulDeceptionsVideo.html
18 Minute Video Summarizes Treason of 911 ( April 4 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/kirwan911videotranscript04apr07.shtml
Aaron Russo's " America : from Freedom to Fascism "
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-4312730277175242198&q=american+from+freedom+to+facisim&hl=en
Watch this on - line video to discover what really happened : Loose Change , 2nd Edition http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7866929448192753501&hl=en
23 Online Videos Establish Proof That 911 Was Inside Job ( Nov. 11 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/911videos.shtml
Rudy Giuliani - the Republican Thug ( video )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfNVbHr2ndM
Articles
Where Did the Towers Go? The Evidence of Directed Energy Technology on 9/11 by Dr. Judy Wood ( March 29 , 2010 )
http://enjoyingthejourney.blogspot.com/2010/03/where-did-towers-go-evidence-of.html
Zionist Israel : The Key Players Behind 911 ( Dec. 1 , 2009 )
http://pakalert.wordpress.com/2009/12/01/israel-did-911-all-the-proof-in-the-world/
Solving 9 - 11 , Christopher Bollyn's explosive expose of the ultimate Inisde Job now on - line ( Aug 28 , 2009 )
http://www.bollyn.com/solving-9-11-the-book
103 People Who are Likely or Suspected as 9 - 11 Criminal Co-Conspirators ( Sep. 26 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/list911coconspiratorsfromwhodidit26sep07.shtml
The Fairy Tale Magic of the Bin Laden Legend ( Mar. 2 , 2007 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/binladeenfairytalemagic20feb07.shtml
Proof that 9 - 11 Was an Inside Job ; The Israel Lobby - Sports as a Conditioning & Propaganda Tool
http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=blog.ListAll&friendID=19045542
CNN Reported that No Plane Hit the Pentagon !
http://thewebfairy.com/911/pentagon/index.html
Judy Woods Says Beam Weapons Used on WTC ( Oct. 18 , 2006 )
http://www.911blogger.com/node/3834
' Loose Change ' Filmmakers vs. Popular Mechanics " Debunking 9/11 Myths " ( Oct. 18 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/amygoodman911debatetranscript11sep06.shtml
Profile : Lee Hamilton ( August 21 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/LeeHamilton21aug06.shtml
Who voted for the Patriot Act in 2001 and 2006 ?
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/patriotact20012006senatevote.shtml
Controlled Press Hides Homeland Security Czar Michael Chertoff's Ties to Israel - Including Status as Israeli ' National ' ( March 4 , 2005 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/michaelchertoffisraeliroots04mar05.shtml
Tenants List of the World Trade Center 2 , South Tower
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/WTCSouthTowertenantslist.shtml
Tenants List of World Trade Center 1 , North Tower
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/WTCNorthTowertenantslist.shtml
© Copyright 2006 - 2007 Educate -Yourself.org
All Rights Reserved .
feedback time .
I love this .
The colors
make my eyes ....
- gasm -
(... orgasming eyes .... I should sketch that )
Okay , on with the nitty - picky things that I think could make this even more super than it already is :
Focal point .
Right now I can't keep my eyes off those fishies the orange against the blue really makes them pop , which is both good and bad .
Good , because popping is fun .
Bad because my eyes keep darting from opposite sides of the canvass and there is n't much of a focal flow .
I just kind just jump all around the place looking for a focal point .
To me it seems that the little growth there should receive more of my attention , but the fishies on either side are pulling my eyes away from it .
keep the fish , I love them !
I think you should just add some more detail to the seedling and more contrast , its looking flat compared to the rest of the image .
I really like how you have created a D.O.F by having areas of the painting really rough , I am a mega fan of that style < 3
Idea !
I think it would look cool with some sparkling magical shit .
Buuuut you know me ; I 'm fanatic about random magic specs .
You could maybe use a few ( not many , no more than 6 or they 'll get lost ) to pull the eyes from those fish to the plant .
Also , the yellow stripes on the bulb bother me .
Its shouting out " hello Wendy , I am the offspring of a blending mode ! "
I see that you have painted in some purple shades in the darkest areas , some more of that would be great in the shadows .
But that just me getting picky .
You know this is awesome .
Even if you asked for feedback on the sistine chapel I could probably get picky with it , despite it being my all time favorite piece of eye - gasm ( omg !
I want my weeding to be in there !
... but I 'd probably stop dead in the hall and start getting all distracted by the pretties above my head and faint from a pure awesomeness overload . )
xD
All round epic artwork , you just need to give it some more direction ;
Then it 'll be peeeeerfect !
I need my friends to tell me to write .
Because I will languish in my creativity , I will busy myself with things but not the thing .
A small fear grows into procrastination .
It becomes like a patch of thorns and soon I 'll do anything but enter that overgrown hedge --
I set out to write one blog post a day .
A simple enough task .
But my mind being clever came up with a way to make posts that did n't require me to write .
You 'll see four excellent lists I created in the last two weeks : the best online art galleries , best art and design sites , best illustration art sites , and best found image sites .
I am full of anticipation and avoidance .
I anticipate what I must do and then I avoid it .
And now , I recall a famous passage from The Story of the Stone by Cao Xuequin ( 1715 - 63 ) . . .
But first some background on the story .
An unambitious scholar leads an uneventful life until he encounters a Taoist and a Buddhist in a dream .
He asks the two immortals to enlighten him about the workings of karma .
They instead allow him to glimpse the " Stone " on which is written the experience leading to his enlightenment . ( 1 )
He does n't " get it " however until much later .
He forgets the dream and the inscription on the Stone .
After his daughter is kidnapped and a number of terrible events befall him , he comes across a limping Taoist on the street , chanting verses .
Only then is he ready to listen to the wisdom . . .
I wo n't recount the verses of the Taoist , for that you 'll have to read the novel .
But I will quote what the Taoist says after he chants the verses :
If you can make out ' won ' and ' done ' . . . you may be said to have understood ; for in all the affairs of the world what is won is done , and what is done is won ; for whoever has not yet done has not yet won , and in order to have won , one must first have done .
I shall call my song the ' Won - done Song . '
1. Ideal and Actual in The Story of the Ston e , Dore J. Levy
Image Credits :
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/JiaXu01.jpg
All of this marvelous list - making .
I was lucky enough to have a friend who brazenly remarked , " So are you going to go the David Letterman / Peter Greenaway route again tonight , or are you going to WRITE something ? "
A novelist ?
Write your novel .
Our poems and novels live inside of us .
Why are we trying to effect things ?
We only need to begin . . . I am a slave to anticipation .
I anticipate every hour of the day from the moment I wake up .
And for as much as my anticipation consumes me , I am always seeking distraction .
Secretly I want to be free from my anticipation .
From the Story of the Stone
The animal rights organization Let the Animals Live petitioned Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger and Chief Rabbi Shlomo Amar to instruct their followers to prevent the suffering of chickens used in the Yom Kippur holiday 's Kapparot ( atonement ) custom and to give money to charity as a replacement for slaughtering the animals .
The letter from the organization to the rabbis read : " Every year we turn to the highest echelons of the religious leadership , but the abuse continues .
It is our moral obligation , together with the rabbis , to take action to limit the great suffering of the chickens on the eve of the new year . "
The Kapparot ritual is performed just before Yom Kippur .
A chicken is held at the shoulder blade and swung around a person 's head three times , supposedly transferring the sins of the person to the chicken .
The chicken is then slaughtered and given to a needy family .
Kapparot .
Not mentioned in the Torah ( Photo : Reuters )
According to the animal rights activists , the chickens set aside for Kapparot are kept for many long hours , sometimes even days , in boxes without being given any food or water .
Many of them reportedly die from starvation and thirst before being brought to slaughter .
" We are turning to you in all manner of a request to prevent animal suffering , to act with a measure of compassion , and to grant God 's creatures the minimum required in order to survive , " the activists wrote to the rabbis .
" We recommend placing a dish with water and a little bit of food so that the Kapparot chickens will not die from the harsh agony of starvation and thirst . "
The letter , which was replete with biblical quotations and halachic texts , noted that the author of the Shulchan Aruch – the last great codification of Jewish law – Rabbi Yossef Karo ruled that " the custom must be prevented . "
It also cited Medieval halachist Rabbi Shlomo ben Aderet as claiming that the Kapporot custom is not a Jewish custom .
It also drew upon writings by former Chief Rabbi of Tel Aviv Rabbi Hayim David Halevy that slaughtering the Kapparot chickens brought up serious questions regarding kashrut , torturing animals , and the prohibition against mutilation .
' Ask forgiveness without harming weaker beings '
" The prohibition against torturing animals is meant both for the sake of protecting animals and in order to protect the lives of humans themselves – ' lest you mutilate and disintegrate into cruelty , ' " the letter read .
" Especially during Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur , when we pray to God to treat us with compassion and ask that He seal us in the Book of Life , we too must act compassionately towards our surroundings , including animals , and to spare them their lives .
There is no doubt that taking the lives of thousands of creatures , created by God , can not be to our merit . "
Let the Animals Live attached a halachic opinion written by Rabbi Ovadia Yosef to their petition .
The opinion , sent by the Shas movement , claimed that Kapporot is only a custom , and , as such , harm to the chickens must be limited or charity should be given in place of slaughtering the fowl .
The letter continued : " The Kapparot custom is performed in order to atone for sins , and yet is hypocritical .
This is the sin of torturing animals .
This custom is taken from gentile customs and is not mentioned in the Torah .
Therefore , perhaps it is best to call upon everyone who can give charity as repentance instead of performing the Kapparot ritual , or to treat the chickens with the utmost possible mercy .
Specifically this year , following a blood - soaked war , the need exists to ask for forgiveness without harming those weaker ( than ourselves ) – the animals . "
Chief Rabbi Yona
Metzger 's office responded that it intends to write a halachic ruling on the issue at the behest of Let the Animals Live : " The rabbi has already expressed his opinion countless times that one must have mercy on the chickens , especially during these days of compassion .
In addition , the rabbi instructs the slaughterhouse rabbis to tighten oversight ( of the slaughterhouses ) on the eve of Yom Kippur . "
Updated : this posting has been visited lately by visitors who have kind of rushed through this and concluded I have decided , out of the blue , to collect " dirt " on Glenn Beck .
I forgot I 'd need to explain things slowly for them :
From the Washington Independent , linked below , after the jump :
Glenn Beck ’s
Twitter feed has become a must - read .
In a message from last night , Beck told his followers to “ FIND EVERYTHING YOU CAN ON CASS SUNSTEIN , MARK LLOYD AND CAROL BROWNER . ”
I do n't know why I 've got this phrasing in my head , but : Find everything you can about Glenn Beck , Stu Burguiere , and Roger Ailes .
No , even now , I refuse to go all caps .
The Associated Press
New York Jets wide receiver Breshad Perriman will be sidelined a second straight game because of a sprained left ankle .
The speedy receiver was ruled out , as expected , on Wednesday for the Jets ' home game Thursday night against Denver .
Perriman was injured during New York 's loss to San Francisco on Sept. 20 .
In this article I will explain how to create a PHP Class that will encrypt and decrypt any data with a given password .
It is object programmed and uses existing PHP algorithms .
Introduction
Think about what we might need a class like this for ?
We want to encrypt important data with a password for security reasons .
We also want , as already mentioned , to be able to decrypt that data when necessary .
Why should you use symmetric algorithms ?
It 's easy ; when you 're offering a password sent via email or something like that , you need the password to be sent in plaintext .
The hash algorithms are not reversible .
Once you have hashed a string you can't decipher the original text from the hash .
Maybe you have already heard of MD5 ?
It 's not really the best option anymore because it tends to be unsafe .
There are databases around the web - that I do n't want to mention - that can be used to retrieve the plaintext from a hash simply by typing in the hash into a search box .
So you should use something like SHA which was developed by the NSA ( National Security Agency ) .
SHA is the abbreviation for Secure Hash Algorithm and is one of the most secure hash algorithms .
There are some others as well , such as WHIRLPOOL , PANAMA and RIPEMD , but SHA is currently the secure standard for hashes and is used in numerous applications .
Step 1 : Preparation
I think it is important to create an interface .
This is because we can always use the methods which are defined in the interface without thinking , when instancing an object of a class , which implements that interface .
When a class implements an interface it has to implement the methods given in that interface , otherwise there will be an error !
So here is an example :
As you can see , the interface instructs the classes which implement ICrypter to have the public function Encrypt with one parameter $ data .
The public function Decrypt also has the parameter $ data .
You can try it out ; if the class lacks one of the given methods in the interface , you get a fatal error .
Here 's an example :
Fatal error : Class Crypter contains 1 abstract method and must therefore be declared abstract or implement the remaining methods ( ICrypter : : Decrypt ) in C:\www\Nettuts\Crypter\crypter.php on line 32 .
Nice error right ?
So you can be sure that the classes really have the methods !
Step 2 : Password for Encryption and Decryption
As I said before , we want to be able to use a specific password for encryption and decryption .
This password has to be accessible for the encrypt - and decrypt - function so we will define an instance variable , called key , which is passed to the constructor .
The definition of $ Key is only needed in the C rypter Class :
However , the definition of the constructor has to be in the interface .
Therefore , it is also needed in the class , because we have to implement everything we have defined in the interface .
The interface will contain :
and the class :
Now that we know we get a key , we can use it to encrypt and decrypt !
Step 3 : Constructor
In the constructor we have to set the key and choose an algorithm .
We will use the Blowfish algorithm for this example and use it as a standard value .
I will explain a bit more about the symmetric algorithms later in the text , but for simplicity we will use Blowfish .
You can change this later if you want to .
So we need another instance variable called Algo :
and the constructor ...
The length of the key depends on the algorithm and the encryption mode .
In this example we will use the ECB mode .
You can make this variable like we have already done with the algorithm .
We use the substring of the given key with the maximum allowed length .
You can get this length with the mcrypt_get_key_size function which requires the algorithm and the encryption mode as parameters .
Now we give our instance variable Key the correct key for the algorithm and assign our instance variable Algo .
So now we have the constructor .
As I said previously , you can change the standard value of Algo to any other algorithm that is supported by MCrypt .
List of supported algorithms from php.net :
MCRYPT_3DES
MCRYPT_ARCFOUR_IV ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_ARCFOUR ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_BLOWFISH
MCRYPT_CAST_128
MCRYPT_CAST_256
MCRYPT_CRYPT
MCRYPT_DES
MCRYPT_DES_COMPAT
( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_ENIGMA ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only , alias for MCRYPT_CRYPT )
MCRYPT_GOST
MCRYPT_IDEA ( non-free )
MCRYPT_LOKI97 ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_MARS ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only , non-free )
MCRYPT_PANAMA ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_128 ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_192 ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_256 ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_RC2
MCRYPT_RC4 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_RC6 ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_RC6_128 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_RC6_192 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_RC6_256 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_SAFER64
MCRYPT_SAFER128
MCRYPT_SAFERPLUS
( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_SERPENT( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_SERPENT_128 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_SERPENT_192 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_SERPENT_256 ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_SKIPJACK ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_TEAN ( libmcrypt 2.2.x only )
MCRYPT_THREEWAY
MCRYPT_TRIPLEDES
( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_TWOFISH
( for older mcrypt 2.x versions , or mcrypt > 2.4.x )
MCRYPT_TWOFISH128 ( TWOFISHxxx are available in newer 2.x versions , but not in the 2.4.x versions )
MCRYPT_TWOFISH192
MCRYPT_TWOFISH256
MCRYPT_WAKE ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
MCRYPT_XTEA ( libmcrypt > 2.4.x only )
So which one should we use when we want to use the Crypter Class in our products ?
At the moment AES is the standard of the symmetric algorithms .
It is used in many applications , but where is AES ?
AES was originally published as Rijndael which is listed .
It is a really fast , but secure , algorithm and is even fast with 256 - Bit key size .
My advice is to use MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_256 for your applications .
Just as an example , AES is used in WPA2 which is a security standard for WLAN .
Step 4 : Now to the Encryption
First thing to check : is there any data to encrypt ?
If not , you can go ahead and break the encryption .
If you want to use any other encryption modes then you have to add the following code .
This $ iv is used for example in CBC , CFB , OFB and in some algorithms in STREAM encryption mode .
If the parameter is not passed in these modes , the $ iv will be set to ' \0 ' .
The next step is to encrypt the data with the simple function mcrypt_encrypt .
Here we need our algorithm , the key , the data and an encryption mode .
$ iv is optional .
Finally encode the encrypted data with base64_encode and trim it before you return it .
We have to base64 encode the encrypted data to get URL - Safe data .
This is needed because , if you want to use the encrypted data , for example in a URL , you will have problems with ' & ' as it is a reserved character specified in the RFC .
So you need something like alphanumeric characters - in other words , character that are safe .
The base64 encode supplies these safe characters , which is why we 're using it .
We do not know what will be done with the data after encryption .
Step 5 : Decryption is Reversed Encryption
Again we ask the same first question .
Is there data ?
If there is , you have to base64 _decode the data as we have previously encoded it with base64_encode .
Then the optional part with $iv .
Decryption with the simple function mcrypt_decrypt .
Here we need - nearly - the same parameters .
The difference is that the decrypt - function needs to access the crypted data rather than the original data .
So here again we use , the algorithm , the key , the crypted data , the encryption mode , and the optional iv .
Finally return the trimmed and decrypted data .
Examples
Define a global Crypter .
In this example we will use RIJNDAEL_256 ( AES ) with the password " Any password " .
After instancing you call your functions or methods to test it .
Here we call the function foo and the method foo1 .
You can get your crypter from the Superglobal variable called $ GLOBALS .
This is an associative array , so you can call all your global variables by the name you defined them with .
You can retrieve the $ crypter which is defined outside of the foo or foo1 block with $ GLOBALS [ " crypter " ] ...
Conclusion
Now you have a complete Crypter class and you can crypt and decrypt as many times as you wish !
Download the complete source code with a nice example if you do not want to type it in yourself .
I hope that you have enjoyed this article .
Norway has expressed concern the pair were not receiving a fair trial Two Norwegian men have been sentenced to death in the Democratic Republic of Congo after being convicted of murder .
Joshua French , 27 , and Tjostolv Moland , 28 , were also accused of arms smuggling and espionage .
They denied all charges .
They were held after their Congolese driver was found shot dead in May this year in the north - east of the country .
The two were ordered to pay $ 60 m ( £ 36 m ) damages .
There was reportedly applause when the sentence was handed down at a military tribunal in Kisangani city .
Diplomatic sources confirmed French had dual British - Norwegian citizenship , but UK officials had so far not played a role in the case .
Army background Authorities in Oslo have denied French and Moland were involved in espionage for Norway , and have expressed concern they were not receiving a fair trial .
" From a Norwegian position we clearly denounce death sentences against two Norwegian citizens and we also clearly denounce accusations that there has been espionage on behalf of Norway , " Jonas Gahr Stoere , Norway 's foreign minister told the BBC's Europe Today programme .
Correspondents say the court was packed for the reading of the verdict .
" The court declares that all crimes are established in fact and in law ... and sentences Tjostolv Moland to the death penalty ... and Joshua French to the death penalty , " said an officer , quoted by Reuters news agency .
Reports say French and Moland - former members of Norway 's armed forces - had been trying to set up a private security firm in the DR Congo .
The pair have said their driver was shot and killed when their car was attacked by gunmen on the road near the city of Kisangani .
Mr Stoere said he did not know why the two men were in the DR Congo but reiterated their presence there was not linked to any government business .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I found a good post on how to build your own toy compiler using Flex , Bison and LLVM .
I saw one disadvantage right in the beginning : you had to use C ++.
If I were just prototyping a compiler , I would n’t use C++ but rather a dynamic language .
And last semester for the Compilers course that ’s what I did .
Students were assigned to build a Pascal compiler ( actually a subset , but not that small ) and the tools suggested were Lex , Yacc ( using the C language ) and compiling the code into C. I took a different approach and decided to do the project in Python ( I actually tried ruby first , but the ruby - lex and ruby - yacc projects did n’t pass my basic tests ) .
I wrote the language grammar using PLY ( the lex and yacc DSLs for python ) and it was pretty simple .
As for the AST generation , I had only a class Node that accepted an type and a list of arguments while my colleagues using C had to make 1001 structs for each kind of node .
Not that it was n’t impossible using C , but dynamic languages make the code simpler and more clear .
For the code generation , I decided to go with LLVM .
It is a very promising project .
Just take a look at google ’s unladen - swallow or macruby , even parrot is planing on using llvm for their JIT .
For writing the code in Python , I had to use the llvm - py which I may say it ’s in a early stages and lacks documentation .
That was my major problem using .
I had only three resources : the official guide , a presentation in japanese with some source code , and the actual source of the project ( in C and C ++ ) .
Since every time I got an error in the llvm code generation it crashed the program , I had to dig into the source code of the project and find that error message and reverse engineer what was wrong with my code ( usually I was giving values or pointers instead of references and vice - versa ) .
So if you are doing something more complex , you actually need some C++ reading skills .
The project however worked , and I ’m making it available so anyone may use the code as an example until better resources are published .
Why has the Left become so suspicious of civil liberties ?
Why has the Right hijacked the issue and turned it to its advantage ?
A dozen years of New Labour rule have left this sorry legacy .
A party that should have intervened for social justice and greater equality instead allowed the markets to let rip .
Having raised the white flag to the bankers , ministers instead sought to exert their power elsewhere , at the level of the citizen , seeking ever more ingenious ways of watching us , listening to us and telling us how to lead our lives .
I am no Freudian psychoanalyst , but I can find no better example of displacement theory in modern politics .
In 1997 , New Labour contained several prominent figures who cared about these issues .
They were soon replaced by machine politicians who saw the delivery of populist outcomes as the most important marker of success .
Civil liberties were reduced to a lobby rather than a core part of the political project .
From ID cards to CCTV , to a national DNA database , to long periods of detention without charge , to public - order restrictions on protest and curbs on free expression through draconian libel laws , this government rewrote the relationship between state and individual .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
By the time Blair left office , he had bequeathed to his successor a surveillance state unrivalled anywhere in the democratic world .
Parliament passed 45 criminal justice laws – more than the total for the whole of the previous century – creating more than 3,000 new criminal offences .
That corresponded to two new offences for each day parliament was sitting .
The scope was broad ; police and security forces were given greater powers of arrest and detention ; all institutions of state were granted increased rights to snoop , and individuals were required to hand over unprecedented data .
Abroad , the government colluded with the transport of terrorist suspects by the US to secret prisons , giving landing rights at British airports for these so - called " rendition " flights , while serious questions were raised about the UK 's role in torture .
The crisis of liberalism in the British Left went beyond Tony Blair 's willingness to please George W Bush .
It has produced a situation in which those who complain about individual rights are regarded with something between disdain and outright hostility .
My new book tackles the issue head on .
I look at eight countries , four notionally authoritarian – Singapore , China , Russia and the UAE – and four notionally democratic , India , Italy , the UK and the United States .
My central thesis is that people around the world , whatever their different cultures or circumstances , have been willing over the past 20 years of globalised glut to trade certain freedoms in return for the promise of either prosperity or security .
We have elevated private freedoms , especially the freedom to earn and spend money , over public freedoms , such as democratic participation and accountability and free expression .
I call the thirst for material comfort the ultimate anaesthetic for the brain .
My British chapter is the most critical , not from the point of comparing the performance of each state ( one could not sensibly equate anything here with Putin 's Russia , for example ) but from the point of view of expectation .
In Britain , we pride ourselves on our liberal traditions .
We have moved on to new terrain .
My critique led a supposedly Left - wing commentator to challenge me only the other day : " What kind of political journey have you been on ? "
My answer is : none at all .
I believe as passionately as before in the politics of economic interventionism , constitutional reform , an ethical foreign policy and an enlightened but also sensible approach to criminal justice and human rights .
This was the politics of people such as Robin Cook and Mo Mowlam .
Their passing , and the sidelining of others like them , has led to the rise of what I term " Thuggish Labour " , ministers who rarely show the courage to challenge the lowest common denominator .
" Do whatever it takes " has become the mantra , particularly on security .
Two arguments are put to me by people who still label themselves as liberal or of the Left , but who see little problem with the surveillance state .
One says : poor people are more likely to be victims of street crime , so if you believe in social justice , you should have no objection to tougher measures .
Well , yes , but is not the most pressing issue that has led to crime and despair the link between inequality and the lack of social mobility which this government has been so scared to tackle ?
The other admonishment says : surely you want your daughter to come home safely from school , do n't you ?
Well , yes , but does that mean we need cameras on every corner ?
If you believe that the task of government is to be the protector against all risk then , logically , there is no balance to be struck , there is no place where rights triumph over security .
Arguments such as those above are intellectually no more sophisticated than the tabloid , " Lock 'em up and throw away the key " .
I had never disavowed the role of the State in helping to provide more equitable social outcomes .
Several spells of living in continental Europe in the 1980s and early 1990s made me appreciate the more communitarian spirit in a number of countries , where good neighbourliness and social responsibility were derided as " nanny-ism " in a Britain where Margaret Thatcher had famously said there " was no such thing as society " .
I carried an identity card in Germany and in Spain , and neither I nor my friends thought of questioning it .
I took that view back to the UK , but a few years of life under a succession of Home Secretaries with a thirst for authoritarianism made me change my mind .
So now we have the bizarre situation of civil - liberties advocates being denounced as Right - wing .
This is a sad reflection not on human - rights campaigners but on the tribal Left who make these claims .
And those of a genuinely Conservative disposition have been allowed to seize the mantle of battlers for individual rights .
Invoking John Stuart Mill as one of their own , they have reframed his thinking in patriotic , libertarian tones .
Their subtext is : regain the rights for freeborn Englishmen and roll back the State .
This is not a zero-sum game .
This Labour government could have been more courageous not just on civil liberties , but also on social justice , concepts that should be mutually reinforcing .
This is the opportunity lost and lamented , but , perhaps some way down the line , it can be regained .
" Do we really want the police , security services and other organs of the State to have access to more and more aspects of our private lives ? "
The question was posed last year by Richard Thomas , the government - appointed Information Commissioner , in his annual report .
" Sometimes the best - intentioned plans bring the most insidious threats , where freedoms are not appreciated until it is too late to turn the clock back . "
Is he a libertarian ?
I very much doubt it .
John Kampfner is chief executive of Index on Censorship .
' Freedom For Sale ' is published by Simon and Schuster
Son of Sam
David Berkowitz , also known as the “ Son of Sam , ” killed six people and wounded seven in New York City from July 1976 to August 1977 , using his .44 - caliber Bulldog revolver .
He claimed he was driven to murder after being possessed by his neighbor ’s dog , Sam .
He ’s serving 365 years in a New York prison .
Richard Ramirez : Night Stalker
Richard Ramirez , eventually convicted of 13 counts of murder , 5 counts of attempted murder , 11 sexual assaults , and 14 burglaries , can be seen here boiling over during his trial on October 21 , 1985 .
Ramirez ’s California killing spree caught the nation ’s attention with its Satanist overtones .
Ramirez was a fan of the rock group AC / DC , and his nickname comes from their song “ Night Prowler , ” which describes sneaking into a girl ’s room at night and was reportedly his favorite song .
He is on death row .
Jeffrey Dahmer : Cannibal of Milwaukee
The mild - mannered chocolate - factory worker killed 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991 in a gruesome spree that included necrophilia , cannibalism , and a bizarre plot to create “ zombies ” of his victims by drilling holes into their heads and injecting their brains with acid .
He was beaten to death by a fellow inmate in 1994 .
Ted Bundy : Summoning the Entity
Estimates of the number of Ted Bundy ’s victims in the 1970s range from 26 to over 100 , and he later claimed the part of him that he called “ the entity ” was obsessed with sexual violence .
Often feigning helplessness with a fake cast or crutches , he targeted women in five states in the West before he was captured in Utah .
The terror began again : Awaiting trial , Bundy escaped from a Glenwood Springs , Colo. , jail in December 1978 and went on the lam for two months , ending his sadistic odyssey with a bloodbath in a sorority house at Florida State University and the rape and murder of a 12 - year - old girl in Lake City , Fla .
He was recaptured six days after his final killing , and given the electric chair in 1989 .
Aileen Wuornos : Female Serial Killer
From 1989 to 1990 , prostitute Aileen Wuornos murdered seven men in Florida , later claiming they had raped her .
She shot each man several times .
She welcomed her pending execution , telling the Florida Supreme Court , “ I ’m one who seriously hates human life and would kill again . ”
She was put to death by lethal injection in 2002 ; the following year , Charlize Theron played her in the movie “ Monster , ” and ended up winning an Oscar .
Charles Manson : Evil Patriarch
Cult leader and murderer Charles Manson is responsible for at least nine deaths , but is most remembered for masterminding the shooting and stabbing murders of Sharon Tate and four others at her Hollywood home in 1969 .
He received a death sentence later commuted to life in prison .
The Unabomber : Death by Mail
Ted Kaczynski terrorized perceived enemies with deadly letters from 1978 to 1995 , killing three people and injuring 23 .
Once a brilliant mathematician with a promising future , he used his talents to forward a violent neo-Luddite philosophy , and was brought down by his suspicious brother .
He ’s serving life without the possibility of parole in a federal supermax prison in Colorado .
Henry Lee Lucas : Serial Killer or Serial Liar ?
Henry Lee Lucas confessed to killing 600 people , starting with his own mother , but later investigations proved that many of his statements were hoaxes .
He was ultimately convicted of 11 homicides , but escaped execution after then - Texas Gov. George W. Bush commuted his sentence because there was doubt about Lucas ’ guilt in the murder for which he received the death penalty .
Lucas died in prison of heart failure in 2001 .
The Beltway Sniper : Holding the D.C. Area Hostage
In October 2002 , John Allen Muhammad and his 17 - year - old ward , Lee Malvo , shot and killed 16 people and injured two others with a sniper rifle in several separate shootings that kept the Washington , D.C. , area in a state of terror for three weeks .
Muhammad ( pictured ) was sentenced to death .
Lee Boyd Malvo : Young Apprentice
Working under the tutelage of Muhammad , Malvo took part in the D.C. Sniper murders because he believed he and Muhammad could demand $ 10 million from the government — money he ’d hoped would fund terrorist training camps for homeless black children .
He is now serving several life sentences without the possibility of parole .
Harold Shipman : Dr. Death
Instead of working to save lives , Britain ’s Dr. Harold Shipman killed at least 218 of his own patients — mostly elderly women — and possibly as many as 508 with fatal injections of drugs from 1975 to 1998 .
He was caught after he forged a will bequeathing one victim ’s fortune to himself .
He hanged himself in 2004 , the day before his 58th birthday .
The BTK Killer
Animal - control supervisor Dennis L. Rader , the BTK killer , murdered 10 people around Wichita , Kan. , between 1973 and 1991 , and taunted police with letters about his deeds .
The acronym stood for “ bind , torture , kill , ” the strangler ’s preferred method of murder .
Rader was captured in 2004 when he sent police a floppy disk from the church where he served as president of the congregation council .
He is in solitary confinement in a Kansas state prison , serving 10 consecutive life terms .
His earliest possible release date is 2180 .
Yoo Young - Chul : South Korea ’s Serial Killer
Yoo Young - Chul killed 21 people from 2003 to 2004 , including an elderly couple he murdered with a hammer .
He said he was motivated by his hatred of women and the wealthy , and admitted to eating some of his victims ’ livers .
He is the first person South Korea sentenced to death since 1997 .
The Yorkshire Ripper
Peter Sutcliffe , a.k.a.
“ The Yorkshire Ripper , ” used a ball - pein hammer to knock out victims before slashing them with a knife .
He killed 13 women in England before he was caught in 1981 .
He claimed God told him to kill prostitutes .
He ’s serving life in prison .
Michael Bruce Ross : Connecticut Strangler
Insurance salesman Michael Ross murdered eight women in Connecticut and New York between 1981 and 1984 , strangling them after raping them .
He is the only person the Nutmeg State has executed in the last 49 years .
For me , leaving the beautiful island of Miami Beach each day to drive to Florida ’s mainland requires driving over the Julia Tuttle bridge and facing the sights of the Sex Offender Colony .
Convicted sex offenders released from prison are required to live more than 2,500 feet from schools .
In Miami -Dade county this leaves few options .
These individuals are issued driver ’s licenses with the Julia Tuttle Causeway as their address and advised to live in tents and makeshift shacks under the bridge , where they must abide by strict curfews .
Unsurprisingly , this has led to widespread controversy .
Watch the video and let us know what you think !
[ poll id = ” 8 ″ ]
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Subject : ANN : Ruby 1.8.6 pl383 released
From : Kirk Haines < wyhaines@ a . m
Date : Fri , 14 Aug 2009 00:45:30 +0900
I am happy to announce that Ruby 1.8.6 pl383 was been released .
This release is primarily a bugfix release .
* lib/rdoc/parsers/parse_c.rb :
Fixed a small error in the documentation .
* ext/tk/extconf.rb :
Added some additional paths where TCL files are common found ; fixes problems with building on some distributions .
* lib/complex.rb : Adjust #angle / #arg NaN return as per issue # 1715 and recent rubyspec changes .
Adjust angle / arg handling of ( - 0.0 ) . angle as per r23960 & recent rubyspec changes .
* numeric.c , bignum .c : Applied changes from r23730 .
Infinity is > any bignum number in comparisons .
* configure.in : fixed problems with using $ libdir instead of $ prefix / lib for RUBY_LIB and friends .
* file.c : Added FCNTL inclusion to fix a compile error with solaris ( backport from r22812 ) * gc.c : Fixed Backport # 1322 [ ruby-core:23050 ] , backport of r23257 ; Fixes a define_method scope bug .
* gc.c :
Add a check for DATA_PTR ( obj ) to run_final as a stopgap fix for debilitating segfaults .
* gc.c : Fixes warning : passing argument 1 of ' add_freelist ' makes pointer from integer without a cast * node.h : Remove surplus comma * ext / socket / extconf.rb : Corrected function definitions to specify return values .
* lib/date.rb : Removed private on to_date and to_datetime * configure .in : Little fixes for x64 libdir / sitedir .
* lib/ostruct.rb : Fixed buggy openstruct #inspect recursion .
* test/ostruct/test_ostruct.rb :
Modified tests to fit the #inspect fix .
The most significant changes are in gc.c .
If you have experienced inexplicable segmentation faults with Ruby 1.8.6 pl369 or Ruby 1.8.6 pl369 , you should look at upgrading .
Source archives of this release are available at : ftp://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/ruby-1.8.6-p383.tar.bz2
ftp://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/ruby-1.8.6-p383.tar.gz
ftp://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/ruby-1.8.6-p383.zip
As always , feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns .
Kirk Haines khaines / engineyard.com
Three weeks ago I got on the subway at about 5 am and headed to Crumbs Bakery on Beaver Street in Manhattan for a Lost fan appreciation event where “ The Crash ” poster was released .
It was a disaster .
The other 10 or so Lost fans who showed up were likewise disappointed , as we walked away with nothing .
Not even cupcakes .
This event was part of an ongoing fan appreciation project known as Damon , Carlton and a Polar Bear .
Prior to this some fans had received skate decks with a unique Dharma logo , seen DJ AM at one of his last shows , or were simply told not to bother going anywhere , and instead watch Attack of the Show .
Feeling like New York had gotten the short end of an otherwise awesome stick , I became a bit frustrated with this whole “ fan appreciation ” event .
I remained silent , however , resisting the urge to make a blog post about the negative experience , as I thought the basic premise of this project , and the art that ’s coming out of it , is something really special .
And it was a good thing I kept my mouth shut , because today the folks at Lost have gone well beyond anything I could have hoped for , and given me something that is truly unique and a memento of both this hiatus fan event , the show , and my love of music .
This is Audibly Lost , after all .
A blog that ( in its glory days ) was dedicated to music / audio on Lost .
That makes the gift I received an even more appropriate token of appreciation for the time I ’ve put into this show , and its fan community .
Last week I was the first to purchase Jason Munn ’s 4 - Toed - Statue poster .
Yesterday the poster arrived .
( For people following DCaaPB.com closely it was poster 101/300 , it seems the first order gets poster 101 . )
Today a huge box arrived ( notice the Lost DVDs for scale . )
To preface the unpacking pics , the URL for this poster ( each poster has a unique URL released at one of these “ events , ” ) “ HuckFinnWasTaken.com ” was released at a Fall Out Boy concert .
FOB ’s members were playing instruments branded with a Fall Out Boy Dharma logo , and the URL for this poster .
To say that I was excited by this point , is an understatement .
Upon seeing the case I immediately knew what it was .
The word “ Fender ” on the case ( not pictured ) furthered that assertion .
( Also note that the green tape , on both sides of the case , has the numbers written on it .
Nice touch . )
And of course , I received a letter telling me what was in the case ( though at that point I had opened it already . )
The bit about it being one of three , with the other two in Damon and Carlton ’s “ personal collections ” really made my eyes widen .
I hope Carlton does n’t drop the banjo in favor of the bass .
Also , it seems the letter contains a clue about this week ’s poster reveal in LA , which you can read more about on LostARGs.com .
And now , the bass guitar , played on stage by Pete Wentz .
Insanity .
It appears to be a modified version of the “ Pete Wentz Precision Bass ” Squier guitar , which has an MSRP of $ 500 .
Like that guitar it features the bat / heart logo at the 12th fret .
It was made on July 30th , 2009 in Mexico .
All the custom artwork is a part of the guitar , they are not stickers .
On the back there is a white piece of gaffers tape with “ 4 8 15 16 23 42 ” written on it .
The ink on the tape got partly smudged , almost undoubtedly during the show last week as Pete was playing .
In closing I would like to thank anyone involved in this project who happens to read this .
That includes everyone from Fall Out Boy , to the Lost producers , down to the people behind the scenes who made this happen .
I seriously never expected anything this cool and I plan on holding onto this forever .
This is some serious fan appreciation , to a tune I would have never anticipated .
Cupcake fiasco ?….
What cupcake fiasco ?
[ 4 x slideshow images of MARTIAN AMBASSADOR / www ]
MARS ATTACKS ! - 1/6th scale Martian Ambassador collectible figure ( MMS108 )
Hot Toys is proudly present the 1/6th scale Martian Ambassador collectible figure from the black comedy movie – Mars Attacks !
The Martian collectible is able to convey a range of emotions :- cackle , anger or fear etc , and it also features :
- Stands approximately 25 cm / 10 inches tall
- Bendable figure body with over 13 points of articulation
- Its movie accurate costume of red robe
- Helmet with clear and movable shield
- Movable eyes **
- Movable jaw **
- Extendable tongue**
- Ray gun
- Collectible figure stand featuring Mars Attacks !
movie logo and Martian Ambassador nameplate
- Release date : Q4 , 2009
[ 4 x slideshow images of MARTIAN SOLDIER / www ]
MARS ATTACKS ! - 1/6th scale Martian Soldier collectible figure ( MMS107 )
Hot Toys is proudly present the 1/6th scale Martian Soldier collectible figure from the black comedy movie – Mars Attacks !
The Martian collectible is able to convey a range of emotions :- cackle , anger or fear etc , and it also features :
- Stands approximately 25 cm / 10 inches tall
- Bendable figure body with over 13 points of articulation
- Its movie accurate spacesuit with breathing apparatus
- Helmet with clear and movable shield
- Movable eyes **
- Movable jaw **
- Extendable tongue**
- Ray gun
- Collectible figure stand featuring Mars Attacks !
movie logo and Martian Soldier nameplate
- Release Date : Q4 , 2009
[ 4 x slideshow images of MARTIAN COSBABY / www ]
MARS ATTACKS ! - 3 Inches Mini Cosbaby ( COSB69 - 76 )
Each cosbaby stands 3 inches / 7 cm tall , featuring your favorite Mars Attack !
- Martian troopers , Martian girl and Ambassador in baby form and its unique designs from the movie in special format .
Designs inclusive of 7 designs + 1 secret version :
- Martian Trooper ( Short Gun )
- Martian Trooper ( Long Gun )
- Martian Ambassador ( Red Robe )
- Martian Ambassador ( Blue Robe )
- Martian Girl ( Human Head )
- Martian Girl ( Martian Head )
- Martian Girl ( Damaged Head )
- PLUS Secret ( 1 type )
Special features :
** Snap kits with joint articulations - 9 points of articulation
** Amazing detailed accessories
Note : simply assembly is required
[ Seen at HK Ani -Com 2009 / event image via Tomm ]
[ Theatrical Trailer of Mars Attacks !
1996 ] MARS ATTACKS !
- 1/6th scale Martian Ambassador collectible figure ( MMS108 ) Hot Toys is proudly present the 1/6th scale Martian Ambassador collectible figure from the black comedy movie – Mars Attacks !
The Martian collectible is able to convey a range of emotions :- cackle , anger or fear etc , and it also features : - Stands approximately 25 cm / 10 inches tall - Bendable figure body with over 13 points of articulation -
Its movie accurate costume of red robe - Helmet with clear and movable shield - Movable eyes **- Movable jaw **- Extendable tongue**-
Ray gun- Collectible figure stand featuring Mars Attacks !
movie logo and Martian Ambassador nameplate - Release date : Q4 , 2009MARS ATTACKS !
- 1/6th scale Martian Soldier collectible figure ( MMS107 ) Hot Toys is proudly present the 1/6th scale Martian Soldier collectible figure from the black comedy movie – Mars Attacks !
The Martian collectible is able to convey a range of emotions :- cackle , anger or fear etc , and it also features : - Stands approximately 25 cm / 10 inches tall - Bendable figure body with over 13 points of articulation -
Its movie accurate spacesuit with breathing apparatus - Helmet with clear and movable shield - Movable eyes **- Movable jaw **- Extendable tongue**-
Ray gun- Collectible figure stand featuring Mars Attacks !
movie logo and Martian Soldier nameplate - Release Date : Q4 , 2009MARS ATTACKS ! - 3 Inches Mini Cosbaby ( COSB69 - 76 ) Each cosbaby stands 3 inches / 7 cm tall , featuring your favorite Mars Attack !
- Martian troopers , Martian girl and Ambassador in baby form and its unique designs from the movie in special format .
Designs inclusive of 7 designs + 1 secret version :- Martian Trooper ( Short Gun ) - Martian Trooper ( Long Gun ) - Martian Ambassador ( Red Robe ) - Martian Ambassador ( Blue Robe ) - Martian Girl ( Human Head ) - Martian Girl ( Martian Head ) - Martian Girl ( Damaged Head ) - PLUS Secret ( 1 type ) Special features : ** Snap kits with joint articulations - 9 points of articulation ** Amazing detailed accessoriesNote : simply assembly is required
One of my fav kitsch - flicks from the " past " ( circa 1996 ) was Tim Burton 's MARS ATTACKS !
It was both fascinatingly farnie , as well as irritatingly benign due to hammy - acting at the same time ( which understandably was on purpose ) .
But hey , I must have liked it a lot - enough to buy the movie trading cards then , innit ?
And one of my toy - regrets in the past was to sell off a 12 " action figure of a Martian ( ca n't remember the make tho ) .
Now Hot Toys steps up and further grows their movie license with the release offigures , in both their Cosbaby - line ( looking excellent , IMHO ) and a duo 1/6th - scale figures of aand aBoth series made their display - debut at Tokyo Toy Show and SDCC , and now the official product info have been unveiled !-
I would dearly love to have them , yes I would !
CLICK THRU for full info of the figures with a 4th quarter 2009 - release .
... og se hvilket som er « feil » ?
REKORD ? Julius Andreas Gimli Arn MacGyver Chewbacka Highlander Elessar - Jankov ( 30 ) fra Oppegård har trolig et av landets lengste navn .
Foto : Stig Persson , Østlandets blad
Klarer du å huske dette navnet ?
( VG Nett ) Møt Julius Andreas Gimli Arn MacGyver Chewbacka Highlander Elessar - Jankov ( 30 ) .
Ingunn Andersen
Oppdatert 9 . september 2009
Artikkelen er over 11 år gammel
Om bussjåføren fra Oppegård har Norges lengste navn vites ikke , men han har uten tvil et av landets mest kreative .
- Jeg ville vise at det går an å være seriøs og samtidig ta navn man liker , sier Julius Andreas Gimli Arn MacGyver Chewbacka Highlander Elessar - Jankov til VG Nett .
Filmentusiasten bestemte seg for å skifte navn allerede for tre år siden etter at radiovert og komiker Espen Thoresen skiftet navn til Espen Thoresen - Hværsaagod - Takkskalduha .
Har du et navn som er lengre ?
Tips oss !
- Tøye strikken
Mens førstnevnte forandret navnet for å utfordre den nye navneloven , ville Julius Andreas Gimli Arn MacGyver Chewbacka Highlander Elessar - Jankov ( pust ) sjekke hvor mange navn han fikk lov til å ha .
- Jeg ville se hvor langt det gikk an å tøye strikken i forhold til antall navn .
Jeg begynte å tenke på dette for tre år siden og fikk søknaden godkjent i januar i år , sier 30 - åringen , som tidligere bare var kjent som Andreas Jankov .
Pass og bankkort
Så langt har ikke det lange navnet bydd på store problemer , bortsett fra noen rare blikk .
30 - åringen har skaffet seg både pass og bankkort , men hele navnet har han ikke plass til .
I passet er Highlander utelatt .
- Skulle jeg hatt med det måtte det blitt et etternavn , sier Jankov .
NAVNEHELT : Julius .
Foto : Nicolai Prebensen
Film og ape
Han forteller at navnevalget er nøye gjennomtenkt .
Alle de 7 nye navnene , utenom Julius , er hentet fra filmverdenen .
- Jeg tok Julius etter apen Julius i Kristiansand dyrepark .
Han er kul , finner på mye rampestreker , og er samtidig en veldig flink kunstner .
Etter at han sto fram i Østlandets blad i sommer har også dyreparken skrevet om 30 - åringen som har oppkalt seg selv etter Norgeshistoriens største apekjendis .
Det syns Jankov er stas .
- Jeg har vært nede og sett på Julius noen ganger , forteller han .
NAVNEHELT 3 : Gimli , foran , fra Ringenes herre .
Foto : New Line Cinema
- Litt Gimli og litt McGyver
- Gimli er fra Ringenes herre .
Han er min favorittkarakter i filmene , og viser at dersom man har bestemt seg for noe skal man ikke vike unna .
Arn er fra Jan Guillous bøker , som også er filmatisert .
Jeg føler det er noe nordisk over det .
Dessuten viser
Arn medmenneskelighet overfor andre uansett hvilken religion og kultur de har , sier bussjåføren , som også er en ivrig rollespiller .
- Hva medMacGyver ?
- Han har kul sveis , og dessuten en ikke - voldelig holdning .
Jeg prøver å være en kombinasjon mellom Gimli og MacGyver , ler han .
NEVNEHELT : Chewbacca fra Star Wars ble Chebacka i Oppegård .
Foto : Reuters
Star Wars
Navnet Chewbacka er hentet fra Star Wars - filmene og den hårete karakteren som spiller bestevennen til helten Han Solo .
Star Wars - fansen vil imidlertid kanskje reagere på en ting : Han Solos hårete venn skriver navnet sitt med dobbel C , som i Chewbacca , og ikke med k - Chewbacka .
NAVNEHELT : TV - helten MacGyver .
Foto : Scanpix
- Hvorfor heter du ikke Chewbacca med dobbel C somorginalkarakteren ?
- Jeg skrev navnet slik jeg trodde det ble skrevet .
Jeg har tenkt til å rette det opp , men det er for å få folk til å tenke i retning Star Wars , sier Chewbacka .
- Chewbacka er den morsomme karakteren som viser at samme hvordan man ser ut , og hva man tenker er det lov å prøve å være god , selv om det er vanskelig noen ganger .
Highlander - filmene har jeg bare sett litt av , men jeg syns hovedpersonen viser at det går an å være fullstendig grønn og fortsatt få til noe , sier Jankov .
Også navnet Elessar er hentet fra Ringenes herre og er et av navnene til Aragorn .
Vil ha flere
Jankov sier han liker alle navnene sine like godt , men forteller at Ringenes herre - triologien er favorittfilmene hans tett fulgt av Star Wars .
Nå fabler han med å skaffe seg ytterligere 3 fornavn :
Frodo , Aragorn og Ludvig .
Sistnevnte kjent fra Kjell Aukrusts Flåklypa Grand Prix .
NAVNEHELT : Ludvig fra Flåklypa Grand Prix .
Foto : Scanpix
Publisert : 08.09.09 kl. 20:12 Oppdatert : 09.09.09 kl. 08:21
Mer om Utrolige historier
Hi ,
I ’ve been playing with Control .
Concurrent and Network .
Curl .
Download today , willing to write a program that would spawn threads to download web pages …
It ’s now done !
Here is the Haskell code , minimally commented ( I think the Control .
Concurrent doc is enough explicit , and my explanations would n’t be better ) .
module Main where import Control .
Concurrent -- multithreading related functions and types import Control .
Exception import Network .
Curl .Download -- HTTP page download related functions and types import System .
IO import System .
Time -- like it is said on -- http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/latest/html/libraries/base/Control-Concurrent.html
-- it lets you block the main thread until all the children terminates waitForChildren :: MVar [ MVar ( ) ] -> IO ( ) waitForChildren children = do cs return ( ) m:ms -> do putMVar children ms takeMVar m waitForChildren children -- creates a new thread within the thread syncrhonization mechanism forkChild :: MVar [ MVar ( ) ] -> IO ( ) ->
IO Thread
Id forkChild children io = do mvar <- newEmpty MVar childs <- takeMVar children putMVar children ( mvar: childs ) forkIO ( io `finally` putMVar mvar ( ) ) -- downloads the content of the web page and then saves it into a file in the current directory doDl url = do Right content <- openURIString url let filename = ( takeWhile ( /= '/' ) . drop 7 $ url ) ++ " .html " write
File filename content -- spawns 8 threads to download the corresponding web pages and then waits for the 8 threads to terminate before exiting main = do children <- newMVar [ ] mapM_ ( forkChild children . doDl ) [ " http://www.haskell.org/ " , " http://java.sun.com/ " , " http://www.developpez.com/ " , " http://xkcd.com/ " , " http://donsbot.wordpress.com " , " http://comonad.com/reader/ " , " http://blog.mestan.fr/ " , " https://alpmestan.wordpress.com/ " ] waitForChildren children
Now , let ’s compile it :
ghc - threaded -- make Main.hs -o hsmultidl
and execute it , with the - N2 option ( 2 cores on my computer here ) to the RunTime System , and RTS informations ( - s option ) :
$ time ./hsmultidl +RTS - N2 -s ./hsmultidl +RTS - N2 -s 11,470,748 bytes allocated in the heap 11,930,464 bytes copied during GC 1,726,380 bytes maximum residency ( 4 sample (s ) ) 85,004 bytes maximum slop 5 MB total memory in use ( 0 MB lost due to fragmentation ) Generation 0 : 17 collections , 0 parallel , 0.02s , 0.03s elapsed Generation 1 : 4 collections , 1 parallel , 0.02s , 0.06s elapsed Parallel GC work balance : 1.00 ( 155513 / 155242 , ideal 2 ) Task 0 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 1 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 2 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.60s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.05s elapsed ) Task 3 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.01s ( 1.60s elapsed ) GC time : 0.02s ( 0.02s elapsed ) Task 4 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.62s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 5 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.62s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 6 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.62s elapsed ) GC time : 0.01s ( 0.01s elapsed ) Task 7 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 8 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.01s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.01s elapsed ) Task 9 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.62s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 10 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 11 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 12 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 13 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) INIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) MUT time 0.02s ( 1.61s elapsed ) GC time 0.04s ( 0.09s elapsed ) EXIT time 0.00s ( 0.01s elapsed ) Total time 0.05s ( 1.71s elapsed ) %GC time 80.0 % ( 5.4 % elapsed ) Alloc rate 1,147,304,260 bytes per MUT second Productivity 13.3 % of total user , 0.4 % of total elapsed recordMutableGen_sync : 0 gc_alloc_block_sync : 0 whitehole_spin : 0 gen [ 0 ] .steps [0] .sync_todo : 0 gen[ 0].steps[0].sync_large_objects : 0 gen [ 0 ] .steps [1].sync_todo : 0 gen[ 0] .steps[1].sync_large_objects : 0 gen[ 1].steps[0].sync_todo : 0 gen [ 1] .steps[0].sync_large_objects : 0 real 0m1.714s user 0m0.050s sys 0m0.037s
( there is n’t a significant difference whether I activate the - N2 option or not , for 8 pages , but I guess there would be for 100 , 1000 , … — maybe more on that soon !)
I ’m now wondering if it would be that much insane to use my 3D Text Rendering application to render the HTML code of the pages in a 3D OpenGL / GLUT context .
Would it ? 🙂
X - Men the Animated Series is one of the more beloved cartoons to come out of the 1990s .
This series ran on Fox from 1992 - 1997 for five seasons with a total of 76 episodes .
Last week volumes 3 and 4 were released on DVD by Buena Vista Home Entertainment ( no doubt in order to capitalize on the same - date released X - Men Origins : Wolverine ) .
It ’s sort of ironic when you think about Buena Vista releasing these cartoons in light of Disney ’s recent purchase of Marvel Comics .
It ’s a small world afterall ( pun intended ) .
I would have reviewed volumes 3 & 4 before now , but there is simply so much content on these DVDs that I ’ve been busy watching them .
Seriously , there is over 11 hours of X - Men across these two collections !
……………..
X - Men the Animated Series volumes 1 & 2 came out this past April .
To read my review of those volumes , please click here .
This time out , volumes 3 & 4 cover episodes from the third and fourth season of the show .
Volume 3 contains 15 episodes , including : an adaptation of “ The Dark Phoenix Saga ” ; an exploration of Wolverine ’s past in the Weapon X project ; and an alternate timeline in which the X - Men never existed due to the murder of Professor Xavier .
Volume 4 contains 14 episodes , including : Magneto ’s offer of sanctuary to all mutants aboard his Asteroid M fortress ; and Apocalypse ’s daring plan to kidnap all telepaths using Cable ’s time platform .
I used to be a major X - Men junkie .
We ’re talking MAJOR junkie .
I ’d read every single Uncanny X - Men story from Giant - Sized X - Men # 1 ( 1975 ) through Uncanny X - Men # 320 ( January 1995 ) , and all the various franchise books .
Shortly after the “ Phalanx Covenant ” , I ’d had enough and just walked away from 20 years of continuity and over 400 comics .
So I was really surprised when the storyline in these cartoons truly grabbed me .
Essentially these are adaptations of Chris Claremont ’s best work .
While these cartoons are n’t perfect , they did a much better job adapting “ The Dark Phoenix Saga ” than did the film X - Men : The Last Stand .
As with the previous volumes , these cartoons provide solid entertainment .
There is tons of action , subplots , and drama .
I ’ve said it before , but the creators definitely deserve props for not reinventing the X - Men for this cartoon .
They pulled plots directly from the old comics , instead of trying to “ re-imagine ” the X - Universe .
It ’s evident that the storytelling in volumes 3 & 4 has improved as compared to the previous releases .
The writers have brought a little more maturity to the adventures .
The stories focus quite a bit on character development and the discrimination against Mutants .
Some of the stand - out episodes on these releases include :
Juggernaut Returns
Weapon X , Lies , And Video Tape
Beyond Good and Evil
The Lotus and The Steel
Secrets , Not Long Buried
Xavier Remembers
Family Ties
Now you gotta take the good with the bad .
Like the previous releases , these DVDs do n’t have any special features .
I found myself disappointed once again , but was n’t terribly surprised .
You ’d think they could score some kind of commentary , interviews with Marvel staffers , or at least trailers for the episodes .
Oh well .
Also , the animation continues to be less than stellar .
While it was n’t terrible , it certainly pales in comparison to series contemporary , Batman : The Animated Series .
Those concerns aside , I ’d definitely recommend these discs to folks .
It truly is one of the best comic book - adapted cartoons of all time .
These DVDs are available through Amazon.com – click here for Volume 3 and click here for Volume 4 .
However , if you are n’t already familiar with the X - Men cartoon , you should first check out volumes 1 & 2 .
You can watch the first 21 episodes of X - Men the Animated Series on - demand for free at Marvel.com .
by : Rabbitpie
In pink panties .
Lighting is poor so you can't really see the colour .
=( | Uploaded 11 years ago
Bookmark & Share
Video : Air-puffing processor
A schematic of the 8 - bit air - powered processor , click “ 1 more image ” below to see the finished thing ( Image : Royal Society Chemistry / Rhee / Burns )
The collection of air valves can carry out computations , performing like an 8 - bit processor ( Image : Royal Society Chemistry / Rhee / Burns )
There ’s no shortage of ways to perform calculations without a standard electronic computer .
But the latest in a long line of weird computers runs calculations on nothing more than air .
Advertisement
The complicated nest of channels and valves ( see image ) made by Minsoung Rhee and Mark Burns at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor , processes binary signals by sucking air out of tubes to represent a 0 , or letting it back in to represent a 1 .
A chain of such 1s and 0s flows through the processor ’s channels , with pneumatic valves controlling the flow of the signals between channels .
Valve computer
Each pneumatic valve is operated by changing the air pressure in a small chamber below the air channel , separated from the circuit by a flexible impermeable membrane .
When the lower chamber is filled with air the membrane pushes upwards and closes the valve , preventing the binary signal flowing across one of the processor ’s junctions .
Sucking out the air from the chamber reopens the valve by forcing the membrane downwards , letting the signal move across the junction .
The two researchers used the valve - controlled channels to produce a variety of logic gates , flip - flops and shift registers , which they linked together to create a working 8 - bit microprocessor .
That means that the longest discrete pieces of data it can handle are eight binary digits long , like the processors used in 1980s consoles such as the Nintendo Entertainment System .
It ’s even possible to watch the pneumatic components in action , because the valve membranes reflect light strongly whenever they are forced downwards ( see movie ) .
Lab helper
But the air processor is far from just being a computational curiosity , say Rhee and Burns : it has the potential to improve the “ lab - on - a - chip ” devices tipped to automate complex chemistry tasks and improve disease testing , DNA profiling and other lab jobs .
These pocket - scale microfluidic devices are yet to be much practical use , say the Michigan team , perhaps because they typically require a large number of bulky and expensive off - chip components to control their operation .
Using logic circuits is one way to bring most of those controls onto the lab - on - a - chip itself and reduce running costs .
But because many microfluidic systems have no electronic components , adding standard electronic valves to the device would require a new fabrication process , says Burns .
“ Many microfluidic systems use pneumatic valves to control liquid flow , so adding the pneumatic control circuits should be relatively simple and inexpensive , ” he says .
Although the device still requires an off - chip vacuum source to operate , the volume of the microprocessor is so small that the required vacuum can be generated by a hand pump .
Versatile approach
Andrew de Mello , a microfluidics expert at Imperial College London , UK , thinks that the simplified method of operation could lead to useful microfluidic devices for developing countries .
“ The fact that you can generate that vacuum from a hand pump means these devices are low power , and suited for remote locations , ” he says .
However , the device is unlikely to have applications beyond its use in microfluidics – the “ air ” or “ vacuum ” signals are very sluggish compared with the lightning - quick flow of electrons through a standard circuit .
“ Shrinking the device would mean that the signals would travel shorter distances and thus operate at higher ‘ clock speeds ’ , ” says Burns .
Journal reference : Lab on a Chip , DOI : 10.1039/b904354c
Tags
Anita Dunn , is described by the online encyclopedia Wikipedia as " one of the major decision makers of the Obama campaign " and as one of Obama 's " four top advisers ( along with David Axelrod , David Plouffe , and Robert Gibbs ) . "
She currently holds the position of " White House Communications Director . "
She is married to the President 's personal lawyer , Robert Bauer .
In 2008 , Newsweek named Dunn and Bauer the new " power couple " in Washington , D.C .
This last June , at a high - school commencement exercise , Dunn had this to say :
the third lesson and tip actually comes from two of my favorite political philosophers Mao Tse-tung and Mother Teresa , not often coupled with each other , but the two people that I turn to most to basically deliver a simple point which is you 're going to make choices , you 're going to challenge , you 're going to say why not … .
In 1947 , when Mao Tse-tung was being challenged within his own party on his plan to basically take China over , Chiang Kai-Shek and the nationalist Chinese held the cities , they had the army , they had the air force , they had everything on their side and people said , " How can you win , how can you do this , how can you do this , how can you do this against all of the odds against you ? "
And Mao Tze Tung said , " You fight your war and I 'll fight mine . "
[ Dunn 's remarks appear in this online video . ]
Back in late 2002 , on the occasion of retiring Senator 's Strom Thurmond 's 100th birthday , Trent Lott , then the Majority Leader of the US Senate , said ,
I want to say this about my state :
When Strom Thurmond ran for president , we voted for him .
We 're proud of it .
And if the rest of the country had followed our lead , we would n't have had all these problems over all these years , either .
Because Thurmond had campaigned in 1948 on a platform advocating racial segregation and Lott 's statement was — correctly — taken as an implicit endorsement of segregation , the result of his statement was an outcry from the media , various public figures , and other Senators , of such dimensions that he was soon forced to resign as Senate Majority Leader .
This was despite his protestation and apology that
A poor choice of words conveyed to some the impression that I embraced the discarded policies of the past .
Nothing could be further from the truth , and I apologize to anyone who was offended by my statement .
Thurmond had subsequently abandoned his segregationist position and , consistent with this , Lott said , " My comments were not an endorsement of his positions of over 50 years ago , but of the man and his life . "
Nevertheless , perhaps there simply was no valid explanation or justification for Lott 's comment , and his resignation , therefore , was appropriate .
But at least Lott was greatly embarrassed by what he had said and did offer a public apology of some kind .
My question is , Where is the outcry against Anita Dunn ?
Her remarks were not limited to a casual comment that had vicious implications .
Rather they constituted a prolonged , blatantly explicit , and far more fundamental endorsement of an incalculably worse person and program than did those of Trent Lott .
She has dared to say that one of her " favorite political philosophers " is one of the greatest mass murderers in the history of the world , a man whose takeover of China was responsible for as many as 70 million deaths during his reign .
She has dared to present the words of this monster as a source of inspiration to youth !
Perhaps she would like to rephrase her remarks .
Perhaps she would like to substitute Adolf Hitler for Mao Tse -tung .
Perhaps she would like to say something like this :
" In the days when the Führer was being challenged even within his own party on his plan to exterminate the Jews of Europe , the Jews and their allies controlled many major businesses , they controlled many major banks , they owned many major newspapers and magazines .
They were protected by the rule of law , by trial by jury , and by laws against robbery , kidnapping , and murder .
They had everything on their side and people said to Hitler , ' How can you win , how can you do this , how can you do this against all of the odds against you ? '
And Hitler said , ' You fight your war and do your destruction and I 'll fight mine and do my destruction . ' "
If the United States had an honest press and media , one committed to the principle of individual rights , their outrage would drive Anita Dunn out of Washington , D.C. , just by hurling her words back at her .
They would make her such a " hot potato " that no one would dare to defend her in her infamy .
Good news / bad news
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
It has been a while since the last LWN update .
So here are a couple of items of LWN metadata .
On the " good news " side , we 've finally managed to implement an often - requested feature : per-article RSS feeds for readers who want to follow the comments on a specific article in their RSS reader .
The feed URL appears in the metadata headers for each article and comment , so subscribing to an article - specific feed should be a matter of a simple mouse click for most readers .
Of course , the unread comments page remains the best way to follow conversations on LWN , in your editor 's humble opinion .
The not - so - good news is this : while LWN has held up reasonably well through this whole " economic crisis " thing , the simple fact is that its effects are being felt here .
Some subscribers are not renewing , and others are moving to lower subscription levels .
Costs have also increased - for example , our credit card bank evidently was unhappy with the size of its government bailout , so it raised credit card processing rates considerably .
We are told that health insurance will be increasing 20 - 30 % in a few months .
Needless to say , these things are putting a squeeze on the budget .
What it comes down to is that something will have to change for LWN to continue operating .
We very much intend to continue , so we 're considering all of the options available to us .
Since we 're evidently not seen as being too big to fail , those options are generally unpleasant ; they include price increases and / or staff reductions .
No decisions have been made , but , one way or another , LWN readers are likely to see some changes as we get this operation back onto an even keel .
Thanks , as always , for supporting LWN .
Deprecated .
Uses the clientsession package for automatic encryption , hashing , expiring and renewing of sessions stored in cookies on the client .
The truly grand finale of True Blood managed to tie up various subplots , pry open new ones , and cram a vast array of moods , jokes , horrors , and surprises into one hour .
Beginning with Maryann wearing the white wedding dress of Sookie ’s grandmother and ending with Sookie in a purple gown given to her by Bill ( with a choice shot of Lafayette in drag as well ) , True Blood made good on most of the stories it told this season .
SPOILER ALERT !
DON ’T READ ANY FURTHER IF YOU DON’T WANT TO KNOW THE DETAILS OF TRUE BLOOD‘S SEASON FINALE .
The cliffhanger egg from two weeks ago was an ostrich egg , a fertility symbol , that completed what Andy would later refer to as the “ giant statue of meat ” that Maryann had built on Sookie ’s lawn .
Sam , as many of you thought , was indeed meant to be sacrificed ( “ the perfect wedding gift ” ) to Maryann ’s god , Dionysus , who was to take the form of a white bull .
Instead of a white wedding , however , Maryann got her black heart gored and pulled out of her by a shape - shifted Sam .
I was sorry to see Michelle Forbes go , but what a great performance she gave : her Maryann was scary , funny , and creepy , and the actress was able to go over - the - top and pull her performance back to human - scale .
Her character ’s death closed out the first half - hour with such finality ( “ It ’s all over now , ” said Sookie as Maryann lay in a heap and the townspeople came to their senses ) that I thought , “ Where do we go from here ? ”
Turns out , the last half of this True Blood became a beautifully ominous mood - piece .
I suspect there might be one character some of you did n’t get enough of this night : Eric was relegated to one significant but early scene , playing Yahtzee with Sophie - Ann .
When viewed in the same frame , Alexander Skarsgard ’s sly subtlety only made Evan Rachel Wood ’s archness seem more like over - acting , and the Yahtzee jokes ( “ We play to five million ” ) were strained this time around .
Oh , well : More Eric next season , right ?
As it was , writer Alexander Woo had his hands full mopping up the aftermath of Maryann ’s mess in Bon Temps .
Andy got his badge back , Eggs was compelled by guilt to own up to what he ’d done under Maryann ’s spell and paid for it with his life ( Jason may have pulled the trigger , but Eggs in effect committed suicide , achieving the death he wanted ) , and Tara was left once again alone and in misery .
Sam sought the truth about his real parents .
And , oh yes :
Woo worked a cameo of True Blood book author Charlaine Harris into a bar scene .
I must admit that at first I was bored by the scenes between Hoyt and his mother , but that proved to be a set - up for one of the night ’s best moments : the sight of Jessica , set loose and hungry at a truck stop , feeding on a horny trucker to the strains of honky - tonk music by Buddy and Julie Miller .
Our next music cue was none other than the fine Southern boy Jerry Lee Lewis providing the dance soundtrack to Bill and Sookie ’s date night .
When Bill proposed to Sookie with only a few minutes to go , we kinda knew this was not going to be a fairy - tale ending , did n’t we ?
The shock - shot of Bill being garroted just as Sookie ran into the room saying , “ Yes , Bill Compton ! ” was a fine way to leave us , and Bill , hanging .
It became clear with this finale that True Blood is a great pulp opera .
Its initial use of anti-vampire sentiment as a metaphor for homophobia has combined with Alan Ball ’s other ambitions : to take a cold , hard stare at romance ; to show how you can make an audience catch its breath between laughter and violence ; and to offer a much - needed critique of the entire pop-culture vampire craze , without being self - conscious or coy .
The Grey 's Anatomy star will be mom to a child from Korea , PEOPLE confirms
Almost exactly a year ago , musician Josh Kelley said he and wife Katherine Heigl were n’t talking about starting a family .
Looks like somebody changed the subject .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ It is a little girl and she ’ll be 10 months at the end this month , ” Heigl said on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in an episode to air Friday , announcing her impending adoption .
“ She was actually born the day before me in November , which I thought was really serendipitous and just kind of like a sign .
I realized just recently that I basically forfeited my birthday for the rest of my life . ”
PHOTOS : Katherine Heigl ’s 27 Bridesmaid Gowns
The couple are adopting a special - needs girl from Korea ; Heigl ’s sister also was adopted from Korea .
Heigl , 30 , who married Kelly in December 2007 , recently hosted a baby shower for Ellen Pompeo .
And last week , Heigl got a leave of absence from Grey ’s Anatomy to film the movie Life As We Know It .
WATCH : Ellen Pompeo ’s Star - Studded Baby Shower
“ Her name is Naleigh , ” Heigl said .
“ Well , I am naming her after my mother and sister Nancy , Leigh .
So we call her Naleigh . ”
Heigl ’s new daughter will be coming “ real soon , ” she said .
” I wanted to tell everybody so you do n’t think I stole a Korean baby , ” she said , laughing .
Script to align objects for architectural modeling
When we have to add models and objects to a scene to compose an interior design project , sometimes those models are distributed on the scene without alignment or specific order .
By the time we create the duplicates of the models , there are tools such as the Array modifier that can already distribute and align the objects on the scene .
But , what if we want align objects already on the 3d view ?
To do that we can use a very useful script called Alignit , which can be downloaded in this link .
The script can move and align any type of objects on the 3d view , based on axis position and the shape of the objects .
It`s pretty simple to use and can really make the difference on architectural modeling , specially to organize furniture models .
Let`s take a look on how it works .
First of all , download the script file and open it in a text window in Blender .
Press ALT+P to run the script and you will see the alignment interface .
There are a few things we must have in mind before use the script :
The alignment is always based on the last selected object ;
All objects are aligned with the maximum or minimum value on the X , Y or Z axis ;
All objects are aligned based on the bounding box shape
For instance , if we have a 3d scene full of 3d chairs like the one below :
We can select all the chairs and run the script to align all objects .
In this case , I want to align the models in the Y axis of the last selected chair .
To do that , I simply press the Y+ to Y+ of last button .
After that , all chairs will be aligned in the Y axis .
As we can see , with this script the distribution and placement of furniture models for an interior design scene , will be much easier .
Of course , it`s not only useful for architectural modeling , all other projects that may require this type of operation will benefit from the script .
This is an option that could be easily added to Blender 3D as a feature on the mesh tools or object panel .
One of the world 's top web hosts is offering " all you can eat " bandwidth on all of its plans .
1&1 Internet has removed the data transfer quotas on its shared hosting plans , the company said this week , retiring one of the oldest metrics in the hosting industry .
The move by 1&1 , which has more than 9 million customers , is the latest salvo in a long - running arms race between major shared hosting firms , who have been steadily super - sizing the disk space and data transfer on their accounts for the last three years .
Second - tier hosts have long touted controversial " unlimited " plans .
It 's widely viewed as a marketing gimmick that promises more than it can deliver - and far more than most web sites will ever require .
In recent years the focus on service tiers based on disk space and transfer quotas has been blasted as geeky and confusing to customers .
The End of the Unlimited Stigma ?
Tougher critics say unlimited account offers are “ overselling ” - promising disk space and bandwidth that the company does n’t already possess - and misleading to customers .
But any stigma began to erode when the industry 's name brands broke down and joined the trend .
Yahoo introduced un unlimited plan in early 2008 .
In February Go Daddy also introduced an unlimited web hosting plan , with no quotas on monthly disk space or data transfer .
At the time we called Go Daddy 's move " a clear signal that quota - based pricing for shared hosting accounts is on its deathbed . "
The unlimited hosting accounts offered by Yahoo and Go Daddy were premium plans priced at $ 11.95 to $ 14.99 a month .
1&1 Internet has gone one better .
The huge host , which is based in Germany but has large operations in the UK and America , has lifted transfer quotas an all of its accounts , including its $ 3.99 a month Beginner hosting account .
Lifting Quotas Across The Board
1&1 has also boosted disk space quotas on all of its accounts , which now start at 10 gigabytes for its entry - level plan .
A hosting customer who chooses 1&1's $ 9.99 a month developer account will theoretically have access to 300 gigabytes of disk space and unlimited bandwidth .
From a marketing perspective , the offer of unlimited data transfer at these prices may appear to position these accounts favorably compared to dedicated servers and cloud hosting plans that promise more scalability .
After all , what could be more scalable that " unlimited " ?
All You Can Eat , But Small Bites Only
The catch is that these “ all you can eat ” plans only work if the bandwidth is consumed in measured doses .
Shared hosting accounts can be fine for low - volume sites , but do n’t usually scale for the kind of instant traffic that site owners probably envision when they see UNLIMITED .
In practice , these accounts are often capped or turned off during large traffic spikes .
Here ’s why : in the shared hosting model , several hundred customer sites are housed on the same server .
When one site on the server gets Slashdotted and begins using more resources , the server bogs down .
The operation of one customer site begins degrading the performance of other customer sites - which is n’t allowed under most terms of service .
But 1&1 's gambit serves as a reminder of the many millions of hosting customers who continue to flock to cheap shared hosting , even as cloud providers predict the coming demise of the entire sector .
1&1 competes aggressively with Go Daddy and Yahoo - not to mention free offerings from Microsoft and Google - yet has managed to build a base of 9 million customers .
The cloud may be coming , but 1&1 and other hosting stalwarts have virtually " unlimited " resourcefulness , if not unlimited resources .
Pittsburgh Penguins Sign Defenseman Martin Skoula to One - Year Contract by Staff Writer / Pittsburgh Penguins
In order to view this page you need JavaScript and Flash Player 9 + support !
The Pittsburgh Penguins have signed defenseman Martin Skoula to a one - year contract , it was announced by Executive Vice President and General Manager Ray Shero .
Financial terms were not disclosed .
Skoula adds nine years of NHL experience , including a Stanley Cup championship in 2001 with Colorado , to the Penguins ’ roster .
He has played in 724 career games and 79 playoff contests during stints in Colorado , Anaheim , Dallas and Minnesota .
Skoula , 29 , has posted career totals of 41 goals , 144 assists , 185 points and a plus - 13 rating , as well as 14 post - season points ( 1G - 13A ) .
The reliable blueliner has appeared in at least 78 games in each of his nine seasons .
Skoula broke into the league in 1999 , seeing action in 80 regular - season games and 17 post - season matchups at just 19 years old after the Avalanche selected him in the first round ( 17th overall ) of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft .
At the age of 20 , Skoula totaled 25 points ( 8G - 17A ) in 82 games and five points ( 1G - 4A ) in 23 post - season games to help Colorado capture the Stanley Cup title in 2001 .
The Litomerice , Czech Republic native played the last three - plus seasons with Minnesota .
View Less
Yes , enmities going back to medieval times can be healed .
Any skeptic who doubts this should visit Gdansk , where Hitler 's Wehrmacht attacked Poland and started World War II on Sept. 1 70 years ago .
Today , as a result of brave individual initiatives – and later of government policy – Poles and Germans are friends and allies .
And yes , there is also strong resistance to dropping old enmities .
Any doubter of their persistence should also visit Gdansk .
For weeks there has been a drumbeat in Russian media blaming Warsaw for alleged collusion with Berlin against Moscow prior to that 4:45 a.m. German attack in 1939 .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin abruptly softened the tone in the Polish daily Gazeta Wyborcza on the Sept. 1 anniversary , calling " immoral " the cynical Hitler - Stalin pact of August 24 , 1939 , that carved up Poland and the Baltics as a prelude to the German invasion of western Poland a week later and the Soviet invasion of eastern Poland three weeks later .
Putin's new smile met with considerable Polish skepticism .
World War II killed 6 million Poles , half of them Jews .
That statistic can be reconfigured : the war killed some six million Jews , half of them Poles .
Of all the countries that mourned their losses among the more than 50 million civilian and military dead , Poland suffered the highest ratio of war deaths per population .
This tragedy was the culmination of Poland 's unfortunate location between powerful Russians and powerful Germans .
In the 18th and 19th centuries , Russia and Prussia ( and Austria ) conspired for 123 years to extinguish the country of Poland altogether .
After World War I , it was resurrected , only to succumb to the conspiracy of Hitler and Stalin in 1939 .
For decades after World War II , Poles were hostile to Russians – discreetly , as befitted a Communist client of Moscow – and to Germans , ostentatiously .
Millions of German civilians who endured the revenge of expulsion in 1945 from ancestral homesteads in postwar western Poland and elsewhere in Central Europe – 14 million , of which 2 million did not survive their trek west – reciprocated the hostility .
The mutual Polish - German revulsion seemed implacable .
But in the 1950s , the old enemies of France and Germany began to rethink their habit of periodic wars .
Both Germans and Poles noted this successful experiment , and in 1965 the Catholic bishops of both countries issued a controversial call for Polish - German reconciliation .
" We forgive , and we ask to be forgiven , " the most famous sentence read .
The next step of rapprochement came a generation later .
When the Solidarity trade union mounted its famous strike at the Gdansk shipyard in 1980 , wrestled the ruling Polish Communists to an unprecedented political compromise , and then was outlawed in 1981 , ordinary West Germans responded in a wave of sympathy .
They donated clothes and food to volunteer truckers for distribution to needy Poles .
They sent hundreds of thousands of aid packages to Warsaw and Krakow and Gdansk at reduced German government postal rates .
With this evolution , ordinary Poles began to distinguish for the first time between Germans in the ( Communist ) East and in ( democratic ) West Germany .
The West Germans lost their image as ogres .
The East Germans , whose government had lobbied the Soviet Union to punish the restive Poles , did not .
By the time the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 it was almost as inconceivable that Poles and Germans might again fight each other as it was that French and Germans might do so .
It was possible to speak German on the streets of Polish cities without evoking dark looks from bystanders .
And in a fashion that would have been scandalous even five years earlier , it was common to see Polish teenagers follow the European fad of wearing contemporary German Army jackets .
Moreover , numerous Germans for the first time visited their confiscated family homes in Silesia ( a historic region of Central Europe , now mainly in southwestern Poland ) , not to reclaim them , but to make the acquaintance of their current Polish owners – and in thousands of cases to form lasting friendships .
Even the fulminations of the anti-Polish right in Germany and the anti-German right in Poland failed to ignite wider national resentments .
In 2004 , as Poland entered the European Union that had reconciled Germany and France so spectacularly , Warsaw 's strongest sponsor was Berlin .
At this year 's commemoration of the German attack on Gdansk , Chancellor Angela Merkel was warmly welcomed by officials and ordinary Poles alike .
Mr. Putin was politely welcomed , by officials alone .
Putin , it seems , still has to figure out why the Germans and Poles are no longer enemies .
Elizabeth Pond , a Berlin - based journalist , is the author of " The Rebirth of Europe . "
How To Make Crochet Beanies Crochet beanies are great to make as they are the best project for beginners .
As far as my students are concerned , beanies are the first things that they make while learning crochet .
The easiest question I ’ve ever been asked regarding crochet is how to crochet beanies .
With minimum effort and maximum presence of mind , you can complete your project beanie in only an hour or even minimum .
REQUIRED MATERIALS :
Two balls of fine wool in 2 different colors of your choice , crochet hook , small scissors .
1 . Two yarns are held together through the whole thing .
2 . 1st row : chain 20 , very loosely .
Do a slip stitch into first slip stitch .
3 . 2nd to 5th rows : Chain 2 to turn .
Now yarn over , insert hook , yarn over , draw through a loop , yarn over , draw through 2 loops , yarn over , insert hook in same slip stitch , yarn over , draw through a loop , yarn over , draw through 4 loops on hook , in each following slip stitch .
Slip stitch in top of first slip stitch to close round .
4 . 6th row : Chain 2 to turn *
Make 4 pique slip stitch , make 5th pique slip stitch over 2 stitches ( i.e. do n't draw the second look through the same slip stitch as the first , but through the next one ) * 4 times .
Slip stitch in top of first slip stitch to close round as usual .
5 . 7th row : Chain 2 to turn * yarn over , insert hook , yarn over , draw through a loop , yarn over , draw through 2 loops , yarn over , insert hook in same slip stitch , yarn over , draw through a loop , yarn over , draw through 4 loops on hook , over 2 stitches ( i.e. do n't draw the second look through the same slip stitch as the first , but through the next one ) * all around .
Slip stitch in top of first slip stitch to close round as usual .
6 . 8th row : Draw yarn through all stitches , pull tight .
Work in ends with yarn needle .
If you need a bigger one then you can always add more rows , but do n’t forget to keep the same aspect ratio .
That was it !!!
Was n’t it fun ?
It is such an easy task to do that anyone can do it .
It ’s great for teaching children who are into crochet crafts .
Try visiting some websites for more ideas .
Here are few recommended ones : AllFreeCrochet.com
Lionbrand.com
So , in an effort to clarify the conversion system both for myself and ( hopefully ) others , I wrote this little primer .
I ’ll step through a full example showing how to write converters for Qt’s QString class .
In the end , you should have all the information you need to write and register your own converters .
While these are fine ( and , in truth , are the basis for what I know about the conversion system ) , they are not as explicit as I would like .
To allow this kind of natural assignment , boost .
python provides a system for registering converters between the languages .
Unfortunately , the boost .
python documentation does a pretty poor job of describing how to write them .
A bit of searching on the internet will turn up a few links like these :
Likewise ( though somewhat less naturally ) , it is also important to be able to extract C++ objects from Python objects .
Boost .
python provides the extract type for this :
Part of making C++ feel more like Python is allowing natural assignment of C++ objects to Python variables .
For instance , assigning an STL string to a python object looks like this :
The boost .
python library is powerful , sometimes subtle , and , when interacting with python objects , tries to make it possible to write C++ that “ feels ” like Python .
This is as compared with the Python C API , where the experience is very far removed from writing python code .
Converting QString
A boost .
python type converter consists of two major parts .
The first
part , which is generally the simpler of the two , converts a C++ type
into a Python type .
I ’ll refer to this as the to - python converter .
The
second part converts a Python object into a C++ type .
I ’ll refer to
this as the from - python converter .
In order to have your converters be used at runtime , the boost .
python
framework requires you to register them .
The boost .
python API provides
separate methods for registering to - python and from - python
converters .
Because of this , you are free to provide conversion in
only one direction for a type if you so choose .
Note that , for certain elements of what I ’m about to describe , there
is more than one way to do things .
For example , in some cases where I
choose to use static member functions , you could also use free
functions .
I wo n’t point these out , but if you wear your C ++
thinking - cap you should be able to see what is mandatory and what
is n’t .
to - python Converters
A to - python converter converts a C++ type to a Python object .
From an
API perspective , a to - python converter is used any time that you
construct a boost : : python : : object from another C++ type .
For
example : // Construct object from an int boost :: python ::object int_obj( 42 ) ; // Construct object from a string boost :: python : :object str_obj = std::string (" llama " ) ; //
Construct object from a user - defined type Foo foo ; boost : : python : : object foo_obj ( foo ) ;
You implement a to - python converter using a struct with static member
function named convert .
convert takes the C++ object to be
converted as its argument , and it returns a PyObject * .
A
to - python converter for QStrings looks like this : /** to - python convert to QStrings */ struct QString_to_python_str { static PyObject * convert( QString const& s ) { return boost :: python ::incref ( boost :: python::object ( s.toLatin1().constData( ) ) .ptr ( ) ) ; } } ;
The crux what this does is as follows : Extract the QString ’s underlying character data using
toLatin1().constData()
Construct a boost :: python : : object with the character data Retrieve the boost : : python : : object ’s PyObject * with the ptr ( )
function Increment the reference count on the PyObject * and return that
pointer .
That last step bears a little explanation .
Suppose that you did n’t
increment the ref-count on the returned pointer .
As soon as the
function returned , the boost : : python : : object in the function would
destruct , thereby reducing the ref-count to zero .
When the PyObject’s
ref - count goes to zero , Python will consider the object dead and it
may be garbage - collected , meaning you would return a deallocated
object from convert ( ) .
Once you ’ve written the to - python converter for a type , you need to
register it with boost .
python ’s runtime .
You do this with the
aptly - named to_python_converter template : // register the QString - to - python converter boost : : python::to_python_converter < QString , QString_to_python_str >()
The first template parameter is the C++ type for which you ’re
registering a converter .
The second is the converter struct .
Notice
that this registration process is done at runtime ; you need to call
the registration functions before you try to do any custom type
converting .
from -python Converters from - python converters are slightly more complex because , beyond simply
providing a function to convert from Python to C++ , they also have to
provide a function that determines if a Python type can safely be
converted to the C++ type .
Likewise , they often require more knowledge
of the Python C API .
from - python converters are used whenever boost .
python ’s extract
type is called .
For example : // get an int from a python object int x = boost : : python :: extract<int >( int_obj ) ; // get an STL string from a python object std:: string s = boost :: python :: extract<std::string>( str_obj ) ; // get a user - defined type from a python object Foo foo = boost : : python::extract < Foo >( foo_obj ) ;
The recipe I use for creating from - python converters is similar to
to - python converters : create a struct with some static methods and
register those with the boost .
python runtime system .
The first method you ’ll need to define is used to determine whether an
arbitrary Python object is convertible to the type you want to
extract .
If the conversion is OK , this function should return the
PyObject * ; otherwise , it should return NULL .
So , for QStrings you would
write : struct QString_from_python_str { . . . //
Determine if obj_ptr can be converted in a QString static void* convertible ( PyObject * obj_ptr ) { if (! PyString_Check ( obj_ptr ) ) return 0 ; return obj_ptr ; } . . . } ;
This simply says that a PyObject * can be converted to a QString if
it is a Python string .
The second method you ’ll need to write does the actual conversion .
The primary
trick in this method is that boost .
python will provide you with a
chunk of memory into which you must in - place construct your new C++
object .
All of the funny “ rvalue_from_python ” stuff just has to do
with boost .
python ’s method for providing you with that memory chunk : struct QString_from_python_str { . . . //
Convert obj_ptr into a QString static void construct ( PyObject * obj_ptr , boost : : python::converter::rvalue_from_python_stage1_data* data ) { //
Extract the character data from the python string const char * value = PyString_AsString ( obj_ptr ) ; // Verify that obj_ptr is a string ( should be ensured by convertible ( ) ) assert ( value ) ; //
Grab pointer to memory into which to construct the new QString void * storage = ( ( boost : : python:: converter::rvalue_from_python_storage < QString >*) data )->storage.bytes ; // in - place construct the new QString using the character data // extraced from the python object new ( storage ) QString ( value ) ; //
Stash the memory chunk pointer for later use by boost .
python data -> convertible = storage ; } . . . } ;
The final step for from - python converters is , of course , to register
the converter .
To do this , you use
boost :: python::converter::registry::push_back( ) .
The first
argument is a pointer to the function which tests for convertibility ,
the second is a pointer to the conversion function , and the third is a
boost : : python :: type_id for the C++ type .
In this case , we ’ll put the
registration into the constructor for the struct we ’ve been building
up : struct QString_from_python_str { QString_from_python_str ( ) { boost :: python :: converter::registry::push_back(
&convertible , &construct , boost : : python::type_id< QString >( ) ) ; } . . . } ;
Now , if you simply construct a single QString_from_python_str
object in your initialization code ( just like you how you called
to_python_converter ( ) for the to - python registration ) , conversion
from Python strings to QString will be enabled .
Illustration by KAL
IN RAW economic terms Barack Obama 's imposition of tariffs on Chinese tyres hardly registers .
The number of jobs affected is barely a rounding error in measurements of the mighty American workforce .
The cost to consumers is also slight .
But in geopolitical terms , it is a whopper .
Mr Obama 's most overtly protectionist decision so far has triggered a predictably angry reaction from China , which threatened to retaliate against American chickens and car parts and to haul America before the World Trade Organisation .
The Global Times , a newspaper that often reflects the views of hardline nationalists in China , ran a front - page headline saying “ America has erred before the world ” .
The tit - for - tat dispute casts a pall over the G20 meeting in Pittsburgh on September 24th and 25th where Mr Obama will play host to Hu Jintao , China 's president .
Warnings of a trade war have multiplied .
There have even been comparisons to America 's infamous Smoot - Hawley Tariff Act , which deepened the Depression .
Some of this is hyperbole .
Smoot - Hawley sharply raised tariffs on thousands of products , not just one .
Then , there was no regulating framework for global trade ; now both America and China are acting within the WTO , which was created precisely to keep such spats within rules .
Every president since Jimmy Carter has sought import restrictions at one time or another , and Mr Obama 's are mild by comparison .
“ On the broad canvas of presidential trade policy , Obama 's decision is unexceptional , ” says Doug Irwin , a trade historian at Dartmouth College .
And China 's retaliation so far has been measured .
But the decision does come at a risky time .
Protectionist actions , in particular against China , have been multiplying in recent years ( see chart ) , even within the confines of WTO rules .
Last November George Bush and in April Mr Obama , on both occasions joined by other leaders of the G20 , pledged to “ refrain from raising new barriers to investment or to trade in goods and services ” ; yet new barriers have steadily increased .
Until now Mr Obama has tried to allay fears that he is a bit of a protectionist by abandoning campaign threats to renegotiate the North American Free - Trade Agreement and to punish China for holding down its currency .
He has surrounded himself with mainstream , pro-free - trade economists , watered down ( though failed to veto ) “ Buy America ” provisions in the fiscal stimulus , and opposed carbon tariffs in the cap - and - trade bill now before Congress .
Even now Mr Obama insists he is “ committed to pursuing expanded trade and new trade agreements ” , and this week he defended his action as nothing more than the enforcement of trade laws .
That , however , is a stretch .
Mr Obama had no obligation to act .
Under the terms of joining the WTO , China gave other countries the right until 2013 to impose temporary “ safeguards ” against surges of Chinese imports .
In America the relevant law , Section 421 of the Trade Act , does not require proof that China has broken international trade rules against subsidising or dumping goods ( ie , selling below cost ) , only that the domestic industry was disrupted .
Once the International Trade Commission , an independent panel , says that such disruption has occurred , it is up to the president to decide whether to impose remedies .
Mr Bush declined to do so in the four Section 421 cases that came to him .
Politically , Mr Obama may have felt he had little choice .
The United Steelworkers union filed the complaint in April and the law required Mr Obama to decide by September 17th .
Having promised repeatedly to enforce trade laws more vigorously than Mr Bush , Mr Obama presumably felt he needed to do something .
The economic benefits to those who lobbied for protection , however , are minuscule .
Domestic manufacturers have largely abandoned the low - end tyre market .
The tariffs , which drop from 35 % in the first year to 25 % in the third , will mostly divert supply to Mexico , India , Indonesia and Brazil , says Tom Prusa , a Rutgers economist who has done work for tyre companies .
China also bears some blame .
American negotiators were ready to withhold the tariffs if China made concessions , but to no avail .
Mr Obama 's defenders note that China would not have gained entry to the WTO without the “ safeguard ” provisions , which bought political support among its trading partners .
And voters and Congress might be less likely to support future trade agreements if the safeguards in existing agreements are never used .
Still , Mr Obama 's imposition of tariffs will tempt more industries and unions to seek similar relief , and he will have to decide whether this decision is a template or an exception .
Other countries , fearing a wave of diverted Chinese imports , could copy America 's action .
After Mr Bush raised steel tariffs in 2002 , half a dozen other countries followed .
Under the terms on which China entered the WTO , others can impose safeguards simply because America has .
The European Union , however , would struggle to master enough support among its member states .
China itself faces a delicate balancing act .
On September 15th more than 300 of the Communist Party 's top officials began a four - day annual meeting in Beijing where , among other things , they are expected to decide whether to give President Hu's presumed successor , Vice - President Xi Jinping , a further boost by making him a deputy commander - in - chief of the armed forces .
Succession politics could be complicated by high - level disputes over how to respond to the Americans .
And Mr
Hu will not want a breakdown of commercial ties with America ahead of the G20 and Mr Obama 's visit to China in November .
But nor can he let Mr Obama entirely off the hook .
Having announced an investigation into America 's alleged dumping , it will be hard to back away .
Indeed , the spat will awaken unpleasant memories of the controversy over China 's accession to the WTO .
China agreed to the safeguards clause in 2001 with gritted teeth , in part because its reformists saw WTO entry as a useful tool for encouraging market - oriented reforms .
China 's prime minister at the time , Zhu Rongji , was subjected to harsh criticism from conservatives at home for pressing so hard for WTO entry .
Times are more difficult now than they were back then , so expect a few more fireworks .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
“ Bro , faster please , I lost my pants ! ”
Picture by : My friend sent this to my facebook .
I believe the picture was taken in Malaysia , judging by looking at the surrounding , the man and the bike !
MOST POPULAR THIS MONTH : Top 5 Best Places to Visit in Malaysia
Category : Funny and Jokes
US , NATO reach “ consensus ” to sanction rigged election in Afghanistan
By Jerry White
29 September 2009
The US and NATO countries involved in the occupation of Afghanistan have signaled their willingness to recognize the re-election of Afghan President Hamid Karzai despite evidence of massive ballot - stuffing and fraud in the August 20 elections .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and NATO foreign ministers met with their Afghan counterpart Rangin Dadfar Spanta at a so - called “ Friends of Afghanistan ” meeting in New York last Friday .
According to the Washington Post , the US and NATO foreign ministers “ told President Hamid Karzai ’s government that they expect him to remain in office for another five - year term . ”
The New York Times , reporting on the same meeting , wrote that “ the ministers agreed that Mr. Karzai would likely prevail , either by his current victory margin of more than 50 percent , or by winning a runoff against his main competitor , Abdullah Abdullah , the former foreign minister .
“ The ‘ assumption ’ of a Karzai victory , ” the Times continued , “ did not erase a deep uneasiness about Afghanistan ’s governance among the participants , according to a senior administration official .
If a runoff were required and not held before a brutal winter starts in November , the consequences of a delay would be ‘ catastrophic , ’ said this official … ”
Thus , for the sake of political and military expediency the US and its NATO allies are prepared to rubber - stamp the rigged election .
Nothing must stand in the way of preparations for a major escalation of military violence aimed at suppressing popular opposition to foreign occupation and a notoriously corrupt and dictatorial puppet government .
Obama administration officials fear that a protracted recount process — which would delay any runoff until the spring — would be exploited by the Taliban and other anti-occupation forces , which already control at least 60 percent of the country , and further undermine support for the war in the US and Europe .
Nothing could more clearly expose the neo-colonial character of the war and the cynicism behind the pretense that the bloodletting is motivated by concern for “ democracy ” and the “ sovereignty ” of Afghanistan .
The Obama administration is currently reviewing plans to expand counterinsurgency operations to highly populated cities , such as Kandahar , and is likely to approve a sharp increase in the number of US troops in the Central Asian nation .
Over the weekend , the US and NATO commander in the country , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , reportedly requested up to 40,000 more troops , which would bring the total number of US troops to nearly 110,000 .
McChrystal submitted a report on August 30 in which he argued that the US could lose the war if more troops were not deployed in the next 12 months .
The decision to sanction Karzai ’s reelection follows a protracted debate within the administration over the fate of the Afghan president .
US officials have long considered Karzai a liability because of his corruption , family ties to the opium trade and periodic criticisms of civilian deaths caused by US bombings .
Military analysts attribute much of the Taliban ’s recent gains in previously secure areas of the north and west to growing anger over the regime ’s corruption and failure to provide any relief to improve the desperate conditions of the Afghan people .
Within weeks of coming into office , the Obama administration ordered the deployment of an additional 21,000 US troops to Afghanistan in an effort to stanch the military setbacks and provide security for the August elections .
The elections , which the US hoped would provide a measure of legitimacy to the puppet regime in Kabul , only served to further discredit it .
The European Union Observation Mission to Afghanistan says that a large majority of the 1.5 million suspicious votes cast in the elections — about 1.1 million — went to Karzai , whose election officials openly stuffed ballot boxes and intimidated anti-Karzai voters .
The election fiasco — which Obama first declared “ an important step forward in the Afghan people ’s effort to take control of their future ” — produced a crisis in the Obama administration .
Unable to ignore the overwhelming evidence of fraud , elements within the administration sought to use the results to further efforts to shunt Karzai to the side by forcing him to accept a power - sharing agreement with his rival , former foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah , or by installing a chief executive who would hold de facto political power .
There were numerous suggestions in the media and within foreign policy circles that Karzai might meet the same fate as South Vietnamese President Ngo Dinh Diem , who was overthrown and murdered in 1963 in a US - backed military coup organized by the Kennedy administration .
It appears , at least for the moment , that the administration has chosen to stay with Karzai as its figurehead .
In a comment entitled “ Why Karzai May be Obama ’s Best Bet in Afghanistan , ” Time magazine noted that there were few alternatives to the Afghan president , who , in any case , had “ several assets ” which the US could use to divide and weaken opposition to the occupation .
Time wrote : “ It is worth remembering a few of his assets : he is a Pashtun from the respected Popalazi tribe , credentials that may assist him in trying to negotiate with the predominantly Pashtun Taliban .
( These recent elections reopened old schisms between the Pashtuns and the Tajiks , and if Abdullah , who is widely perceived as a Tajik leader , were to somehow win the runoff , the Taliban ’s ranks would almost certainly be swelled by masses of angry young Pashtuns . ) ”
The US and NATO plan to work with Karzai on “ an expanded campaign to turn insurgent fighters against the Taliban and other militant groups , ” the Washington Post reported , hoping to reproduce what was done in Iraq , where the US bought off sections of the Sunni elite .
The US military is “ developing programs to offer monetary and other inducements to insurgents it thinks are only loosely tied to the Taliban and other militant groups , ” the newspaper said .
And despite its criminality and corruption , Time magazine wrote , Karzai ’s regime had created lucrative opportunities for US multinational corporations and an aspiring Afghan bourgeoisie , even as half of the 30 million people in the country live in grinding poverty .
“ [ T ] here are plenty of new millionaires whose fortunes were not necessarily made from trafficking opium , but from bricks and mortar , cell - phone towers and trade , ” the magazine noted .
National Security Advisor James L. Jones , a retired general , recently told the Washington Post that the only thing holding the administration back from making a decision on increasing troops was uncertainty over how to deal with the August 20 election debacle .
Obama wants “ to make sure this comes out as a legitimate election , ” Jones said .
The final arbiter of the election result is a UN - backed panel , which includes two Afghans and three appointees from the US , Canada and the Netherlands — all countries with troops in Afghanistan .
On Friday , the panel reversed its previous decision to order Afghan officials to audit and carry out recounts at all 3,063 polling stations where results were suspect .
Instead , the panel said it will limit its review to a 10 percent sample , saying a broader recount could take months and put off any final decision until spring , leaving a power vacuum for the Taliban to fill .
The plans to sanction the stolen election in Afghanistan stand in glaring contrast to the insistent and unproven charges of fraud regarding the June election in neighboring Iran , which have been used to destabilize the regime in Tehran and escalate US provocations against the country .
The Internet Industry Association ( IIA ) has drafted a new code of conduct that suggests Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) contact , and in some cases disconnect , customers that have malware - infected computers .
The drafted code , which will not be mandatory , suggested ISPs take a four - step approach to protecting customers .
Identification of compromised computers
Contact affected customer
Provision of information and advice to fix the compromised system ; and
A reporting function for alerting about serious scale threats , such as those , that may threaten national security .
" Once an ISP has detected a compromised computer or malicious activity on its network , it should take action to address the problem .
ISPs should therefore attempt to identify the end user whose computer has been compromised , and contact them to educate them about the problem , " the new code states .
Chief regulatory officer of ISP iiNet , Steve Dalby , said he would adhere to the code if the process could be automated and development costs were n't prohibitive .
" Potentially it 's something that we would do .
If there were some costs we might consider whether government funding was available , but again it 's very hypothetical , " Dalby said .
IBRS analyst James Turner welcomed the move and said ISPs should be able to find a way to fund the initiative .
" They 'll find a way of commercialising it and making it , at the very least , cost neutral if not cost positive , " he said .
Turner said it was reasonable to expect a form of " quality control " for computers connected to the internet in a similar way cars need to be roadworthy .
" The Government make laws and regulations about what you can drive on the roads .
If you 're in New South Wales , after your car gets over five years old ... you 've got to take it over to the pits every year .
A form of quality control for computers that are on the internet seems perfectly reasonable to me , " said Turner .
Communications Minister Senator Conroy has voiced his support for the new code .
In May , he said the " code will provide a consistent approach for Australian ISPs to help inform , educate and protect their clients in relation to e-security issues . "
" It will contribute to the range of efforts being made by Government and industry to raise awareness of online security and to foster digital confidence , " said Conroy at the time .
However , an IIA spokesman said that if Stephen Conroy was serious about addressing eSecurity he would fund more education initiatives .
Government initiatives , such as the once a year e-security campaign that told Australians to change their password , was not enough , he said .
" The government has spent an awful lot of money on a single website , " the spokesman told iTnews .
" I think there 's about two or three websites doing exactly the same thing and they all assume you 've got to log on to the website .
It 's kind of like a web 1.0 style approach , " he said .
Initiatives such as the recently announced Queensland Government war driving mission were praised by the spokesman .
The code of conduct was initiated on 10 June when the IIA , in association with the Government , ISPs , security vendors and consumer representatives convened a meeting to explore the merits of a new voluntary eSecurity code .
" The meeting agreed that A Draft Code Principles with representative from all stakeholders with a final version of the voluntary code envisaged by 1 December 2009 , " the IIA said .
ISPs that adhere to the code would be able to display an IIA tortoise log on their website .
Members of the public are asked to respond to the draft code by posting their comments and suggestions to securitycode@iia.net.au no later than Friday 30 October 2009 .
What do you think ?
Should service providers be expected to invest in the technology to know when a user 's computer is infected ?
Do they have the legal right to cut an infected user off ?
Fear of Fascism , ‘ Gay Agenda ’ Dominates Conservative Kickoff for Midterm Elections
Created : September 28 , 2009 13:56 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
How to Take Back America Conference , St. Louis ( Photo by : David Weigel )
ST .
LOUIS — Kitty Werthmann has made quite a career out of warning Americans that fascism is on its way .
The 84 - year - old native Austrian survived the excesses of the Third Reich and , in her dotage as a leader of the South Dakota branch of the Eagle Forum , recorded tapes and videos explaining just how Hitler took power .
She made her case during George W. Bush ’s presidency , but the audience was small –fringe conservative activists , radio hosts like Alex Jones .
Then came President Barack Obama .
On Saturday , at the “ How to Take Back America ” conference , Werthmann found herself speaking to an overflowing room of conservative activists about the parallels between Obama and the rise of Hitler .
“ We had prayer in school before we started class , and after class , ” said Werthmann .
“ One day I came into the classroom and the crucifix was gone , and there was Hitler ’s picture , and the Nazi flag on either side .
And our teacher said , ‘ Today we do n’t pray anymore .
We sing ‘ Deutschland , Deutschland Uber Alles . ’ ”
Image by : Matt Mahurin
The audience of mostly female conservative activists murmured ; some of them scrawled out detailed notes , shaking their heads at what they were hearing .
It had been a few days since Fox News reported that a New Jersey school had children sing a song of praise to President Obama .
They kept on writing and listening as Werthmann explained how Hitler had euthanized mentally handicapped children , and how he ’d kept lists of political enemies .
“ What would you suggest we do , ” asked one activist , “ if we are asked to give up our guns ? ”
“ Do n’t you dare give up your guns ! ” thundered Werthmann .
“ Never , never , never ! ”
“ Give them back one bullet at a time ! ” called out another activist .
The tense atmosphere melted a little bit ; the room broke up with laughter .
According to Phyllis Schlafly , founder of the Eagle Forum , the “ How to Take Back America ” conference was the largest summit the group had held in all of its 38 years .
Schlafly , who turned 85 in August , moved slowly through the halls of the Hilton St. Louis Frontenac , a 30 - minute drive west from the center of the city , as new attendees shook her hand and begged her for autographs and photos .
She told TWI that the registration topped 600 , beating the previous record of around 300 , and the size was overwhelming as hurried hotel staff tried to break down and build up tables for meals , for books , for punch at the end of the day .
“ Kitty has pointed out the parallels between the slow , incremental Hitler takeover of Austria and some of the things that are happening today , ” said Schlafly , asked about Werthmann ’s “ How to Recognize Living Under Nazis and Communists ” session .
“ She ’s an expert on that .
I see what [ Obama ] is doing as absolute socialism , as government ownership of the means of production . ”
The “ How to Take Back America ” conference was no place for soft critiques of the Obama administration .
It was a weekend of speeches and training sessions that were laden with doom , cries of mounting fascism , and long prayers for salvation .
It was the kind of event where Schlafly , a conservative icon who ’s often seen as a leader of the movement ’s far right flank , could take the role of a pragmatist , sticking to the sort of criticism of the Obama administration that might appear on Fox News and asking activists to elect a Republican Congress in 2010 .
And Schlafly succeeded in bringing big Republican stars to the conference .
Former Gov. Mike Huckabee ( R - Ark. ) was the biggest draw , but six members of Congress attended , too– Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) , Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . ) Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) , Rep. Tom Price ( R - Ga. ) , Rep. Tom McClintock ( R - Calif. ) , and Rep. Todd Akin ( R - Mo. ) .
Several 2010 Republican candidates hosted workshops , including Ed Martin and Vicky Hartzler , both running for Democratic - held U.S. House seats in Missouri .
But some of the rhetoric went beyond partisan politics .
At worst , the speakers argued , fascism was on the horizon .
At best , this was a pivotal time in a war on Christian values .
Some of the speakers split the difference .
“ If you look at the classic model for moving to Marxism , ” said retired Lt. Gen. William Boykin , who would give the conference ’s opening speech , “ you look at what every Marxist organization has done , they nationalize .
They redistribute wealth .
They restrict gun ownership .
They then go out and suppress the opposition .
And then , finally , they censor the media . ”
In his speech , Boykin–who has gotten into hot water for speaking out against Islam while in uniform–begged the audience to pray for their country .
“ It ’s only because of intercessory prayer that we have n’t been hit again since September 11 , ” said Boykin .
“ Pray for America for 10 minutes a day .
If we can mobilize millions of prayer warriors that can pray for 10 minutes a day , we can open the gates of heaven . ”
In the halls and from the stages of the conference , there were constant warnings of fascist , anti-Christian campaigns to break down American morals and sovereignty .
Rev. Rick Scarborough , a pastor who advised Mike Huckabee ’s presidential campaign , pounded the podium at his Friday afternoon speech , warning that the president ’s pro-gay agenda was endangering Christians who spoke out against gay rights .
“ The day the president put his hand on the bible , ” said Scarborough , “ his minions were changing official White House Website to reflect a whole new understanding of civil rights , to refer to homosexuals . ”
The Bible , said Scarborough , called these people “ sodomites , which no one wants to talk about because it reminds them of their behavior . ”
Some activists followed this up with a breakout session on “ How to Counter the Homosexual Extremist Movement , ” where they learned about transgender awareness days at public schools .
And some went to “ How to Stop Feminist and Gay Attacks on the Military , ” where they were informed that upwards of 200,000 active duty members of the military might quit if “ Do n’t Ask Don’t Tell ” is repealed .
Those worries about the “ gay agenda ” came in the context of other alleged threats to the Constitution .
Frank Gaffney , president of the Washington - based Center for Security Policy , hosted two panel sessions ; one on the United Nations , one on “ How to Understand Islam . ”
The theme throughout was that “ transnationalists ” of either the Islamic school or the secular school were targeting the Constitution .
Conservatives , said Gaffney , could combat this by “ picking fights ” over seemingly obscure issues , and he cited the work he ’d done slowing the nomination for Harold Koh , now the legal advisor to the State Department .
Lawyers like Koh , said Gaffney , were dangers to national sovereignty .
“ The North American Union is a real thing , ” said Gaffney .
“ It is a real transnational agenda to try to forge out of Mexico , Canada , and the United States , a real competitor to the American Union . ”
Beseeching his audience not to treat the NAU as “ black helicopter stuff , ” he claimed the existence of “ something like twenty - five different trilateral working groups , each and every one of which is beavering away at new transnational regulations . ”
The activists , mostly female and Midwestern , but included people who ’d traveled from both coasts , moved in and out of these sessions taking copious notes .
Some of them were hearing about this stuff , with this spin , for the first time .
“ A lot of people do n’t think the U.N. is any big threat , ” said Karen Clark , an activist from Utah , telling TWI what she ’d learned from Gaffney ’s speech .
“ I had n’t heard about the two schools of transnationalism before . ”
Off the stage , the fears and conspiracy theories about President Obama grew more obscure .
One activist told TWI that Obama may have been “ installed ” after decades of lessons from Communists .
Peggy Carter , an Eagle Forum leader from North Carolina , fretted that Obama was “ anti- white , ” and had only stealthily revealed that to Americans because “ he ca n’t afford ” to make it obvious .
Some of the most prominent attendees told TWI that they had doubts about the president ’s birth records .
Rep. Cynthia Davis , a Republican state legislator in Missouri who has worked with “ birther ” lawyer Orly Taitz for most of this year , said that lawsuits demanding proof of the president ’s citizenship were chiefly about the integrity of the Constitution , and that because Obama ’s father was Kenyan , Obama ’s eligibility problems extended beyond his birth records .
“ Her credibility is questioned because she has an accent , ” said Davis , defending Taitz , “ and yet the reason she has an accent is because she came from a Communist country , and she knows how awful that is , to have a government usurped . ”
Other Republican politicians who ’d gotten in hot water for indulging in “ birther ” jokes or conspiracies led popular breakout sessions .
Kris Kobach , a candidate for Kansas secretary of state who had joked that neither Jesus Christ nor Obama had a birth certificate , told TWI that he would n’t bother with the issue if elected in 2010 , and expected it to be dealt with in one of the various outstanding lawsuits .
Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . ) , who had pondered a lawsuit over the president ’s citizenship , told TWI he had no doubts about Obama ’s citizenship , but suspected that something was being hidden by concealing the original 1961 document on file in Hawaii .
“ President Obama could solve this problem and make the birthers back off by simply showing us his long - form birth certificate , ” said Franks .
Kobach and Franks stayed away from that topic in their sessions .
Kobach hosted two , on immigration and on the threats that ACORN and voter registration reform posed to America ’s electoral systems .
Franks introduced Maafa 21 , a documentary which argues that legal abortion in the United States began as a plot to commit genocide against American blacks .
During a short clip from the film–which Franks said he ’d shown to members of the Congressional Black Caucus –the congressman quietly commented on the most powerful interviews .
“ When we said we would no longer go to the back of the bus , ” said anti-abortion rights activist Alevda King on the screen , “ there was a place being reserved for us at the abortion clinic . ”
“ Hear , hear , ” said Franks .
Whenever he got the chance , Franks told activists about his current project , the Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass Prenatal Nondiscrimination
Act of 2009 , a bill that would make it illegal to perform abortions based on the race or gender of the fetus .
By his logic , this could force a lawsuit that would define fetuses as people .
Franks , like the other members of Congress who appeared at the conference , tied the cause of Eagle Forum activists to the goals of the founders , of Abraham Lincoln , and of true adherents to the Constitution .
By the close of the conference on Saturday night , the focus had returned to Schlafly .
The boisterous , ever - present Christian radio host and conference co-sponsor Janet Porter played a series of clips from the 84 - year - old activist ’s career and gave her a prize : the “ American Hero of the Century ” award , a glass eagle with a verse from Isiah scrawled into it .
And while his 2008 rival Mitt Romney spoke to the Mackinac Republican Leadership Conference in Michigan , Mike Huckabee flew from New York , where he ’d filmed a new episode of his show , to give a closing speech that paid tribute to Schlafly and all of the ideas that the conservatives in the room had forced into the Republican mainstream .
He called for slicing the United Nations off of Manhattan , and said that with the help of conservative activists , he might “ live to see the day ” when abortion is banned in America .
“ God bless you , ” said Huckabee , “ and God bless Phyllis Schlafly most of all . ”
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Jueves 10 de septiembre de 2009
Redacci�n | El Universal
00:49
Desde hoy y hasta el 13 de septiembre dos mil personas a la vez podrán navegar a 10 GB de velocidad en la primera Aldea Digital en la Ciudad de México .
Este concepto único en la ciudad , se llevará acabo en el Palacio de los Deportes donde aficionados y profesionales del mundo digital podrán compartir sus experiencias .
El encuentro contará con la denominada “ LAN Party ” , una fiesta donde varias personas conectadas mediante una red de área local podrán intercambiar documentos , organizar torneos de juegos de PC , descargar archivos a gran velocidad o simplemente conocerse en persona , compartir intereses y pasarla bien .
El encuentro cibernético tendrá diversos ejes , los cuales se denominan : Arte Digital , Software Libre , Hardware y Torneos de Videojuegos .
Al comprar un boleto e inscribirse como aldeano , se tiene la posibilidad de acampar los 4 días del encuentro pernocatando en el lugar de tu conveniencia .
La aldea ofrecerá una serie de conferencias de interés para la gente que no esté familiarizada con temas digitales .
Participarán desarrolladores de video juegos y de redes sociales .
Como aldeano se tiene la posibilidad de asistir con la computadora o laptop preparada para conectar a un solo enchufe o cualquier otro aditamento que requiera electricidad .
También es posible participar en “ Ciudad Ideal ” , un proyecto que se inscribe a los festejos del Bicentenario de la Independencia y la conmemoración de 100 años de la Revolución , donde será posible “ expresar algo concreto , para reclamar , para pedir y proponer " , con la certeza de que serán escuchados " la ciudad te escucha ” según los organizadores .
Los boletos para aldeanos están agotados pero aún es posible acudir como visitante ( sin el provilegio de acampar ) .
Para mayor información consulta www.aldeadigital.com.mx, o bien sigue la cobertura especial de EL UNIVERSAL.com.mx .
lae
Boredom .
The final frontier .
These are the ramblings of a blogger trying to boldly explain what no man ever avoided : how and why we get bored .
What Is Boredom ?
Have you ever thought what boredom is ?
Why we get bored ?
How we can strangely reproduce this state so often although we consider it something very uncomfortable ?
Maybe you tried , but ended up bored in the process …
Boredom is a state of anxiety and low self - respect .
We ’re educated to get satisfaction from a very limited set of activities .
Watching movies , eating , reading , programming ( I know my blog is read by some fine geeks too , this one ’s for you , guys 🙂 ) , talking with friends , daydreaming .
We ’re in a state of comfort and balance every time we ’re doing something we like .
But the moment we ’re not doing it anymore , something very subtle , yet extremely powerful happens .
Because we ’re not doing what we like anymore , we start not to like who does it too .
Meaning us .
If we ca n’t get satisfaction from what we ’re doing , in a twisted , yet understandable attempt to stop that activity , we ’re trying to hate the person who does it .
Which , again , it ’s us .
It ’s like saying : “ hey , stop , I ’m not enjoying this anymore , I know I have to do it ( or I wanted to do it , or it ’s good for me or for others around me ) but I do n’t want to do it anymore ” .
And from this subtle tension between what we “ have ” to do and what we “ love ” to do , boredom rise .
Anxiety And Low Self - Esteem
People who get bored easily are usually anxious people .
They ’re also having quite a low level of self - esteem .
If you ’re constantly challenging yourself by trying to stop what you ’re doing , because you do n’t “ like ” it , you end up considering yourself an inappropriate person .
If you ’re considering yourself an inappropriate person , you ’ll end up doing things you do n’t really want , just to feel a little more “ appropriate ” .
And this is the beginning of your low self - esteem territory .
The bad news is that situation is contagious .
It will spread over other areas of your life pretty soon .
If you ’re constantly getting bored doing stuff you should really do , this will reach to other areas of your life pretty soon .
Boredom likes wide spaces , it has an inner sense of expansion .
Once allowed in a certain section of your life it will do whatever it can to conquer the rest of you as fast as it can .
What To Do Against Boredom
The simplest way to challenge boredom is to like everything you do , unconditionally .
I met some people who were in this state .
They were able to extract meaning from and fully rejoice every little thing they were doing , being it spontaneous , self - imposed or just randomly crossed .
They were able to dive in and experience everything with equal enthusiasm and energy .
Of course , they were all kids . 🙂
I have n’t met a balanced child who got bored .
Yet .
All the boredom capable kids I met where in fact unbalanced kids , children taught they were valuable and loved only if they were doing only a limited set of activities , generally , to please their parents .
But normal , non-alienated kids never get bored .
If you can be like a child , free and fearless , I bet you did n’t even reach so far in this article : boredom is something so strange to you that it did n’t raise an ounce of an interest .
But if you ’re like the rest of humanity , victim of a hedonistic and coercive education , you do get bored .
You do get satisfaction only from a limited set of activities and if you ’re not doing one of them you ’re getting anxious .
You have a deep , constant feeling of not being worth anything .
The rest of the blog post is for you .
Acceptance
One way to alleviate the effects of boredom , if not ditching them totally , is to accept your current tasks and situations if they are not changeable .
For instance , your domestic chores is something that I consider not being changeable .
Chances that somebody else will do your domestic chores like laundry and dishes are pretty low , for many of us , so better accept it .
Make it part of your life .
It ’s ok to do the dishes and take care of your clothes .
If you ’re not going to do this something ugly will happen , You ’ll get swamped in a mountain of dirty dishes , wearing filthy clothes .
Which will have quite an effect on your social life , if you ask me .
Not to mention your self - esteem .
In fact , you ’ll discover that many of your boring tasks are the foundation for proper functioning in this world .
Many things you ’ll consider source of apathy or lassitude are in fact fundamental for a proper insertion in your day to day life .
They are repetitive and this what makes them boring , not the end result .
But there ’s a little catch here , which will help you trick the boredom : it will manifest only if you take “ repetitive ” for granted .
If you do that exactly the same each time .
You do n’t have to take it for granted .
Change the way you do your dishes or laundry every time .
Ditch the repetitive element out of it .
Make it fun .
Play roles .
Do it at different times of the day .
Try to describe the task you ’re doing in an exotic foreign language .
It ’s not the end result which bores you , it ’s yourself .
Get yourself a kick in your virtual butt and accept what you have to do .
Stop Being Judgemental
If you ’re eager to have the first and and final word in a discussion , I bet you ’re pretty easily bored .
Stop that .
This constant need of being right will lead you to the swamp of self - delusion .
If you do n’t accept that you can be wrong sometimes , you ’ll have to be right all the time just in order to accept yourself .
You ’ll start searching for situations or contexts in which you are always right and avoid situations or contexts in which you know you ca n’t be right .
You ’re alienating yourself in the most common sense of this word : you ’re becoming an alien .
You ’re drastically limiting your choices .
Sooner or later you ’re going to become your worst censor .
And that will make you bored to death .
Learn Something New
One of the most common situations in which you ’re getting bored is if you think you know everything .
There ’s nothing new in this world for you .
You already know everything .
Well , maybe .
But , most likely , maybe not .
You think you know everything only because you refuse learning .
You found some comfortable refuge in your life , hiding behind a status , a position , your child or your partner , and do n’t really want to get out of there .
Well , sooner or later you ’ll be forced to learn something new , so you ’d better be proactive on that .
You ca n’t hide forever behind somebody else .
Statuses are volatile and positions are moving constantly .
You ca n’t be there forever .
Actually , the source of your boredom is this very refuge .
Go away and learn something new .
It will challenge your mind and ruin your comfort zone .
And I consider both so empowering . 🙂
***
Boredom is an expression of our sense of emptiness and limitation .
We think we ’re functioning properly only if we do certain types of activities which is inherently wrong .
We ’re designed to do anything and to enjoy everything .
A study by the Yale School of Medicine and the Yale School of Public Health published in this week ’s Journal of the American Medical Association reports that the majority of general surgery residents in the United States say they are satisfied with their training and confident of their ability to perform .
However , a significant number believe that the hours and stress are straining their family life .
In addition , many express uncertainties about future income and career prospects .
The survey is considered to be the largest of its kind .
It involved 4,402 surgery residents from practically every residency program in the country to classify existing attitudes , training experiences , professional expectations and reasons for failing .
More than 85 percent reported being satisfied with their particular program .
But almost 37 percent stated that they were worried about making enough money as a surgeon .
In addition , almost a third considered that the stress of their work was causing a tension on family life .
More than 15 percent thought at some time of leaving the program .
The researchers identified the second and third years as the most difficult .
Heather Yeo , M.D. , M.H.S.R. , the study ’s lead author and a fourth - year surgery resident at Yale said : “ Surgery is a rewarding and exciting career .
But many surgery programs are losing qualified and talented trainees .
These losses are devastating to programs and the profession . ”
Findings also indicated that more men were satisfied with their residency training than women .
In addition , women were more likely to contemplate leaving .
“ These differences may highlight opportunities for intervention or prevention , ” remarked Yeo , who conducted the study while a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholar at the Yale School of Medicine .
Leslie Curry , Ph.D. , a research scientist at the Yale School of Public Health and the study ’s senior author explained : “ The surgical profession as a whole is at a crossroads .
The profession has to find ways to develop and retain a diverse workforce and to address the shortage of general surgeons on the horizon . ”
She added , “ Understanding the experiences of residents is key to these efforts .
While supported , they also feel vulnerable at multiple levels , suggesting that new and enhanced supports are needed . ”
This study was supported by the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars program at the Yale School of Medicine .
The American Board of Surgery assisted with study design and survey implementation .
“ Attitudes , Training Experiences , and Professional Expectations of US General Surgery Residents ”
Heather Yeo , MD , MHSR ; Kate Viola , MD ; David Berg , PhD ; Zhenqiu Lin , PhD ; Marcella Nunez - Smith , MD , MS ; Cortland Cammann , PhD ; Richard H. Bell Jr , MD ; Julie Ann Sosa , MD , MA ; Harlan M. Krumholz , MD , SM ; Leslie A. Curry , PhD , MPH
JAMA .
2009;302(12) :1301-1308
Journal of the American Medical Association
Written by Stephanie Brunner ( B.A. )
The Brzezinski view seems strikingly similar to the perspective of another surprising source , the Pakistani intelligence agency .
America has long been suspicious of the Inter - Services Intelligence directorate , which has been infiltrated by Islamic fundamentalists .
Now , the Obama administration believes that after the Taliban ’s march toward Islamabad , there may be a genuine awakening on the terrorism threat in the I.S.I. , which had previously been focused almost exclusively on countering India .
Last week , in a fascinating interview , both for the unusual access and the substance , with the Washington Post columnist David Ignatius , the top Pakistani intelligence official , Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha , expressed skepticism about a U.S. troop surge .
At the same time , he showed deep concern that the United States would pull back from its commitments in the region .
“ The I.S.I. leadership thinks the United States ca n’t afford to lose in Afghanistan , and it worries about a security vacuum there that would endanger Pakistan , ” Mr. Ignatius reported .
“ But at the same time , the I.S.I. fears that a big military surge , like up to the 40,000 additional troops McChrystal wants , could be counterproductive . ”
It can be reliably reported that this also reflects the views of Pakistan ’s president , Asif Ali Zardari , who wants more emphasis on the economic and political development in the region .
The Pakistanis are very encouraged by recent congressional action in approving a measure co-sponsored by Senator John Kerry , Democrat of Massachusetts , and Senator Richard Lugar , Republican of Indiana , providing $ 7.5 billion of economic aid over the next five years .
Mr. Obama has taken on more than a few tough issues this year , though the Afghanistan decision , for the first time , is producing serious fissures among his top policy makers .
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and leading Democratic lawmakers are deeply skeptical of the request from General McChrystal , commander of the International Security Assistance Force and of U.S. forces in Afghanistan ; most , not all , of the military , and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and her high - powered Afghanistan - Pakistan special representative , Richard C. Holbrooke , are sympathetic .
A pivotal figure in this debate , Mr. Brzezinski guesses , will be Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , a Bush holdover , who commands considerable respect in Washington .
It is n’t clear where Mr. Obama will come down ; it will be a surprise , however , if it is n’t somewhere close to where Mr. Gates is .
While opposing a wide - scale escalation , and deeper U.S. involvement , Mr. Brzezinski says “ some troop increases may be necessary maybe to hold Kandahar , maybe to hold the main cities in general .
But beyond that , where is this sort of dawn in sight in a period of some darkness ?
I do not see that yet . ”
Wichita , Kansas Attorney
Responsive Legal Representation
When you have legal concerns , you want legal representation that is responsive and understanding .
At Weber Law Office , P.A. , our Wichita estate planning and family law lawyers have been serving south central Kansas for more than 32 years .
Whether you are seeking assistance with a divorce or a real estate problem , need help with estate administration , own a business that is involved in a legal dispute or are looking to sign a new lease , we can help .
We are dedicated to finding the right solutions for you .
Contact our Kansas attorney online or call ( 316 ) 265-7802 to schedule a meeting to discuss your situation .
Re : Coronavirus COVID - 19 – We Are Open & We Offer Consultations by Phone , Video , Skype & In - Office Using Safe Social Distancing Practices .
Weber Law Office , P.A. , has been deemed an essential business and we will remain open to assist new and existing clients during this very difficult time .
We are pleased to offer video conferences with clients to provide them the option of staying home if they prefer that method .
We also can provide practice safe social distancing for office consultations as well as offering phone consultations and Skype consultations in this difficult time .
We Share Your Values
At Weber Law Office , P.A. , our legal team shares the Christian values of our clients .
We understand that you want to find legal solutions that protect the people you love while maintaining a focus on your beliefs .
We are willing to take on difficult cases that other law firms may not want to touch .
We understand how hard it can be to find the right solution , but we will be there throughout the process to ensure that you understand your options .
Dedicated Help for Individuals , Families and Businesses
Our Wichita lawyer helps individuals , families and businesses with a wide range of legal concerns .
We are ready and willing to go to court when necessary , but we will make every effort to resolve issues through negotiation and settlements .
Whether you are going through a divorce , are involved in a probate dispute , or are in need of our business and commercial litigation services , we are dedicated to finding a solution that works for you .
If it is necessary to go to trial , we will do so efficiently and effectively .
Call for a Consultation With a Kansas Business Lawyer
If you are looking for business or personal legal solutions that fit with your values , we will help you find the right options .
Contact our Wichita attorney online or call ( 316 ) 265-7802 for an initial consultation .
Located in Wichita ’s River Park Place , our office is open Monday through Friday , from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m .
We also offer weekend and evening hours by appointment .
Credit cards are accepted .
Watch Curb Your Enthusiasm Online Free in HD , compatible with XBOX ONE , PS4 , XBOX 360 , PS3 , MOBILE , TABLET and PC .
CHECK OUT OUR OTHER SITES
watchcurbyourenthusiasm.com does not store any files on its server .
We only index and link to content provided by other sites .
Advertisements
On his radio show today Glenn Beck responded to Republican South Carolina Rep. Bob Inglis ’ statement that Glenn Beck is spreading fear , and people should turn off their televisions off when he comes on by saying that both sides are corrupt , and he said thank you to his fans for defending him , and he never denied spreading fear .
Here is the video from the town hall :
Advertisements
After the crowd suggested that he should watch Glenn Beck , while screaming that they were afraid of Obama because he is a socialist .
He said , “ Here is what I suggest turn that television off when he comes on .
Let me tell you why .
Do you want to know why ?
He is treading on fear , and you know what here is what I think , if you tread on fear , you are n’t leading , you are following fearful people , so if you want to lead stop being fearful and move forward . ”
Here is the audio of Beck courtesy of Media Matters :
Beck said , “ There is something happening in America , and the first baseline , the first thing that people had to understand is that both sides are corrupt .
That was the message in Common Sense .
This is not about Barack Obama .
This is not about the Democratic Party .
This is about both sides .
Has anybody seen the video of the Republican from South Carolina who said that you have to get away from Glenn Beck , and get away from his fear mongering ?
At the town hall meeting , did you see that ?
Somebody Tweeted it to me last night .
It ’s phenomenal . ”
He continued , “ I Re- tweeted it if you will and said remember I am just a mouthpiece along with you for the GOP …
Here is great example of how I am not a mouthpiece and neither are you .
This is a town hall where they said hey , as a Republican you got to get away from Glenn Beck and all that fear he peddles , and the crowd went wild , and thank you , thank you , thank you , but it ’s amazing to me how quickly people are waking up . ”
I find it amazing that Glenn Beck managed to get message of Common Sense wrong , completely wrong .
Paine did not argue in his pamphlet that both sides are corrupt .
He made a powerful argument in plain spoken language to the American colonists against the monarchy and for independence .
He was n’t writing against both sides .
He was clearly advocating for the colonists .
Beck managed to warp and distort Paine ’s message .
It is also fascinating that Beck did not deny fear mongering .
Of course , he is fear mongering .
He is not a mouthpiece for the GOP like Rush Limbaugh .
Beck is a fringe conspiracy theorist , who does n’t trust government .
By watching the Inglis video , it is clear that many of the same people who tea bagged are showing up at these events .
I hope these folks continue their efforts because they are making the GOP look like an unruly mob .
Once again though , the Republican Party has fallen into the trap of thinking that they can use the fringe right for their own political gain .
No matter what they do at these town halls , they are n’t going to stop healthcare reform .
Democrats are going to pass the bill with or without Republicans , but in the end it really does n’t matter because these people are going keep watching Beck and indulging in their conspiracy theory fantasies .
House guidelines for presidential put - downs
House Rules Committee Chairwoman Louise Slaughter ( D - NY ) has released a helpful , updated primer for members regarding their conduct on the floor and in committees .
[ Just to clarify : Even though I clearly wrote that it was the committee " primer ' -- and not the rules themselves -- that were updated , I 've gotten a bunch of emails from readers who think Slaughter and Co. actually revised the underlying regs .
Not so .
The document produced was merely a new guide of existing rules . ]
Especially useful :
The section on how to properly insult the executive branch in the in the chamber .
" Disgrace " and " nitwits " -- okay .
" Liar " or " sexual misconduct " -- ixnay .
Under section 370 of the House Rules and Manual it has been held that a Member could : • refer to the government as “ something hated , something oppressive . ”
• refer to the President as “ using legislative or judicial pork . ”
• refer to a Presidential message as a “ disgrace to the country . ”
• refer to unnamed officials as “ our half - baked nitwits handling foreign affairs . ”
Likewise , it has been held that a member could not : • call the president a “ liar . ”
• call the president a “ hypocrite . ”
• describe the president ’s veto of a bill as “ cowardly . ”
• charge that the president has been “ intellectually dishonest . ”
• refer to the president as “ giving aid and comfort to the enemy . ”
• refer to alleged “ sexual misconduct on the president ’s part . ”
h/t Marty Kady , who is neither a nitwit nor a liar .
Full text after the jump .
>> Continue reading House guidelines for Presidential put - downs
See Also
Tuesday , September 15 , 2009
Rules Committee Approved “ Decorum ” Guidelines for House
Washington , DC – The House Rules Committee today provided a summary of approved guidelines for all members to follow during floor debate .
The Rules are approved by the entire House and are posted on the committee website .
They can be found here :
Decorum in the House and in Committees
Under clause 1 ( a ) ( 1 ) of Rule XI , the rules of the House are the rules of its committees as far as applicable .
Consequently , Members should comport themselves with the rules of decorum and debate in the House and in Committees specifically with regard to references to the president of the United States as stated in Section 370 of the House Rules and Manual .
As stated in Cannon ’s Precedents , on January 27 , 1909 , the House adopted a report in response to improper references in debate to the president .
That report read in part as follows :
“ It is ... the duty of the House to require its Members in speech or debate to preserve that proper restraint which will permit the House to conduct its business in an orderly manner and without unnecessarily and unduly exciting animosity among its Members or antagonism from those other branches of the Government with which the House is correlated . ”
As a guide for debate , it is permissible in debate to challenge the president on matters of policy .
The difference is one between political criticism and personally offensive criticism .
For example , a Member may assert in debate that an incumbent president is not worthy of re-election , but in doing so should not allude to personal misconduct .
By extension , a Member may assert in debate that the House should conduct an inquiry , or that a president should not remain in office .
Under section 370 of the House Rules and Manual it has been held that a Member could :
• refer to the government as “ something hated , something oppressive . ”
• refer to the president as “ using legislative or judicial pork . ”
• refer to a presidential message as a “ disgrace to the country . ”
• refer to unnamed officials as “ our half - baked nitwits handling foreign affairs . ”
Likewise , it has been held that a member could not :
• call the president a “ liar . ”
• call the president a “ hypocrite . ”
• describe the president ’s veto of a bill as “ cowardly . ”
• charge that the president has been “ intellectually dishonest . ”
• refer to the president as “ giving aid and comfort to the enemy . ”
• refer to alleged “ sexual misconduct on the president ’s part . ”
However , the Senate rules on decorum and debate do not prohibit personal references to the President .
Senate Rule XIX governing decorum and debate is applied only to fellow senators and “ does not extend to the president , the vice president , or administration officials and a senator cannot be called to order under rule XIX for comments or remarks about them ... ” ( Senate Procedure , p. 741 ) .
The Senate rules also provide that Jefferson ’s Manual is not part of the Senate rules ( Ibid , p.754 ) .
By contrast , the rules of the House specifically provide that Jefferson ’s Manual does govern the proceedings of the House where applicable ( Clause 1 of Rule XXVIII ) .
Section 370 of Jefferson ’s Manual states that the rule in Parliament prohibiting members from “ speak{ing} irreverently or seditiously against the King ” has been interpreted to prohibit personal references against the president .
In addition , speakers of the House have consistently reiterated , and the House has voted , to support the proposition that it is not in order in debate to engage in personalities toward the president .
The chair enforces this rule of decorum on his own initiative .
###
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
NEW YORK ( AdAge.com ) --
Google is opening its own display - ad exchange today in a bid to bring the technological approach derived from its search - advertising success to the display ad market .
The DoubleClick AdExchange is a rebuild of DoubleClick 's old exchange using Google 's technology and the first big product launch out of the search giant 's $ 3.1 billion acquisition of the company , completed in 2008 .
The new system , under wraps and in testing mode for months , is key to making that acquisition pay off for Google and to helping it take a bigger bite out of the unruly display ad market , which Google has found difficult to tame .
Google 's search market matches ad buyers and ad impressions in real time , based on advertisers ' bids and a set of targeting criteria .
The AdExchange works similarly , but for display advertising .
It also includes integration with Google 's search ad - sales system , with the idea that it will let search advertisers move money more easily to display and vice versa .
In addition , all of Google 's network inventory will be available as part of the exchange , not just sites that use DoubleClick for ad serving .
Easier to buy
" Our view is display looks more and more like search every day , " said Curt Hecht , president of the VivaKi Nerve Center , part of Publicis , a customer of Google 's platform .
" AdExchange makes it easier to buy without making a lot of calls to publishers or working with a lot of ad networks . "
In general , an ad exchange is real - time stock - market - type system in which ad networks and publishers that have ad inventory they need to sell can post it to the auction and other networks and publishers that may be in need of that particular kind of inventory can buy it .
Advertisers can also buy directly .
The inventory is bought and sold in the form of ad impressions .
The online display - ad world has consolidated into three major exchanges , the biggest being Yahoo's Right Media , which has inventory from many major newspaper sites as well as Yahoo 's own ad inventory .
Microsoft also runs an exchange , Microsoft AdCenter , and there are independent exchanges , such as ContextWeb 's Adsdaq .
Other trading systems sit between the publishers , ad networks and exchanges , such as Rubicon Project , MediaMath Turn and Datazoo .
Google says ad inventory available in the system will reach 76 % of U.S. audiences and 73 % of international audiences .
Some major ad networks also plug into the system , such as Tribal Fusion , Adconion and Collective Media .
More transparency
Google 's VP - product development , Neal Mohan , said 40 ad networks are participating , including " most " of the 25 largest in the U.S.
Google believes that display advertising , like search , would benefit from a more transparent , simplified marketplace .
" Display advertising is still not really living up to its full potential , " Mr. Mohan said .
" From our standpoint , Google is focused on growing the display business for ourselves but the means to do that is to grow the pie for everybody . "
Publishers resist any effort that might take away their pricing power or make their ad space a commodity .
But advertisers want to be able to buy scale easily -- like they do with TV -- while layering on all the targeting and analytics possible via the web .
" The more we can access inventory in real time and bring our own targeting to the table , the more we can provide value to our clients , " said Matt Spiegel , CEO of OMD Digital , whose clients include HP , Visa , Intel and Pepsi .
Neutral arbiter ?
The question is whether the market will accept Google as a neutral arbiter of display ad dollars anymore than it does Yahoo or Microsoft , or if the exchange will be viewed as competitive by WPP , against which it competes in ad serving , or AOL , which operates Advertising .com .
A big part of what the exchanges do is trade impressions with one another .
" We welcome these exchanges , and look forward to working with them and integrating with them for our partners , " Frank Weishaupt , VP - advertising marketplaces at Yahoo , said in a statement .
Others had doubts as to whether a more robust Google exchange will have an impact .
Mike Cassidy , CEO of Undertone Networks , said that most of the ad inventory publishers put into exchanges is already transacted there , so there 's a question as to whether it will grow the pie .
Further , he said , " publishers are better off selling through multiple channels than one transparent channel at lower rates . "
Includes ' long tail '
Google 's Mr. Mohan said the exchange will allow publishers to accept bids for their premium placements as well as remnant inventory .
It will also bring in so - called long - tail inventory in the AdSense network , mainly smaller sites that do n't have a sales force but grouped together have significant scale .
This fits into Google 's view that , like search , the display ad market is much , much bigger than just the biggest publishers and top advertisers .
" Eventually Google is going to figure it out but I do n't think we are going to see a big shift in the market , " said Frank Addante , CEO of ad optimizer Rubicon Project .
" Most of the dollars being spent with Google today is with text , and the top publishers on the web do n't use Google . "
REVIEW RSS FEED
REVIEW MAIN PAGE
FREE EMAIL UPDATES
SEND US A DONATION
ABOUT THE REVIEW
NEW ARTICLES
READERS ' PICKS
ALSO OF INTEREST
POCKET PARADIGMS
ESSAY ARCHIVES
SAM SMITH'S BIO
SAM SMITH'S BOOKS
SAM SMITH'S MUSIC
RECENT
Your editor has been a musician for many decades .
He started the first band his Quaker school ever had and played drums with bands up until 1980 when he switched to stride piano .
He had his own band until the mid-1990s and has played with the New Sunshine Jazz Band , Hill City Jazz Band , Not So Modern Jazz Band and the Phoenix Jazz Band .
NOTES ON THE MUSIC
Here are a few tracks :
SAM SMITH'S DECOLAND BAND
SAM'S BAND
JELLY ROLL
PHOENIX JAZZ BAND
APEX BLUES Sam playing with the Phoenix Jazz Band at the Central Ohio Jazz festival in 1990 .
Joining the band is George James on sax .
James , then 84 , had been a member of the Louis Armstrong and Fats Waller orchestras and hadappeared on some 60 records .
More notes on James
WISER MAN Sam piano & vocal
Public Relief German Company Invents Pocket Toilet for Women
Urinating into yoghurt cups while careering down the motorway will be a thing of the past for women thanks to a new German invention for ladies -- the disposable mobile toilet which turns urine into an odorless gel .
Last year China 's military decided it had been demure and self - effacing for long enough .
The Military Digest , published by China 's armed forces , carried a commentary in April 2008 titled " Phase of Exercising Restraint in National Defence is Over . "
Under Deng , China in 1978 had launched its famous " four modernisations " to build China into a modern state by the early part of the 21st century .
The last of the four was the modernisation of the military .
But the Military Digest set out that , under the current President , Hu Jintao , the modernisation of the armed forces would be given equal emphasis to the country 's economic renovation .
The US Defence Department had long been troubled by the pace of Beijing 's military build - up , but China was considered to be some 30 years behind the American forces and not any real competitor for the US as the hegemon of the Pacific Ocean .
The unchallengeable dominance of the US Seventh Fleet was starkly demonstrated in the crisis of 1996 when China seemed to be preparing to attack Taiwan , the country Beijing deems a " renegade province " .
The US sent two aircraft carrier battle groups to stand off the Taiwan Straits .
Each is a high - tech armada of ships and planes and missiles , with the aircraft carrier as a big waterborne base for the fleet .
The deployment was an unmistakeable warning that the US would defend Taiwan .
Beijing backed down .
So surely Chinese braggadocio about a new military era was rhetoric , not real .
But Washington had been using the wrong yardstick , according to a former senior official in the US State Department who made a close study of China 's military .
" There 's been a tendency to compare China 's military to our own , " says the analyst Randy Schriver , " but it 's the wrong metric . "
Washington had been reassured by the fact the Chinese had not reached parity with the US .
" But we should n't be lulled into that thinking ; we need to think about what cost China can inflict on us , and this goes for all our allies too , " Schriver told me recently .
And when looked at this way , China suddenly becomes a much more potent military force .
Indeed , China is in advanced state of developing a new weapon which Schriver describes as " a huge game - changer " .
In March , an analyst with the US Navy Institute , Raymond Pritchett , wrote that the news of this new weapon had " created a panic " in the US Navy .
The weapon ?
It is a ballistic missile designed to strike ships at sea .
The US Navy Institute 's headline on the report was more dramatic : " Chinese Develop Special ' Kill Weapon ' to Destroy US Aircraft Carriers . "
The institute 's report said the Dong Feng missile was thought to have a range of about 2000 kilometres and a speed of Mach 10 : " The size of the missile enables it to carry a warhead big enough to inflict significant damage on a large vessel , providing the Chinese the capability of destroying a US supercarrier in one strike . "
Schriver , a former navy intelligence officer who went on to become deputy assistant secretary of state for East Asia and Pacific in the second Bush administration , says the implications are profound : " After the Taiwan crisis in 1996 , the Chinese looked at it and said , ' what do we need to do to prevent the US intervening like this again ? ' "
The result , 13 years later , is the Dong Feng 21 .
" It 's a technological leap that 's never [ before ] been made , " says Schriver , now the head of a non-partisan research body , Project 2049 Institute , and a founding partner of the consulting firm Armitage International .
" The Russians could n't do it .
If it works , it will have the range of a ballistic missile and the accuracy of a cruise missile .
" The Chinese would have the ability to hold our carriers at a great distance - it almost makes the aircraft carriers obsolete .
" What did we do in 1996 ?
We sent carriers .
What are the Chinese doing ?
Taking the carriers out of the equation . "
He thinks it prudent to expect such missiles to be operating within a couple of years .
No wonder the US Navy is in a panic .
If this weapon takes the field , and unless the US can quickly develop a countermeasure , it is a deeply troubling development .
The US Navy , the peacekeeper and guarantor of strategic stability in the Pacific since World War II , will lose its ability to operate anywhere near the Chinese mainland .
It is a development of historic significance with which China can celebrate its 60 years under communist rule .
The US kept the Pacific peaceful and its sea lanes open .
What will China do ?
Peter Hartcher is the Herald 's international editor .
A deadline met : such relief .
You would think that after so many years I might have mastered the art – not of writing – but of putting myself in a position to write .
Many writers are , like me , fascinated by process .
From an early age I wanted to know whether authors worked by morning or night , whether they typed or wrote by hand and if so on what kind of paper , whether they had their backs to the window , drank wine , sat , stood or lay on their backs with their legs in the air .
I do n’t profess to understand the reasons , but I work best in the mornings .
And by mornings I mean mornings .
When I have any serious piece of writing to complete I start by getting up early , about 6 say , and I sit in front of my computer screen till mid-afternoon .
As the days pass the hour of rising becomes earlier and earlier until I ’m going to bed at 7 or 8 at night and flinging back the duvet ready to write at 4 or even 3 in the morning .
In the old days I used a manual typewriter until I graduated to a golfball and finally one of those Brother machines that could keep a whole line in RAM before printing it out .
I usually scribbled in longhand first , something I still often do .
In 1982 I bought a BBC Acorn for £ 399 .
It came complete with a firmware programme called Wordwise which I adored and which , in my fond memory , was the best word processor ever .
I used it to write the book ( ie story and dialogue ) of a stage musical , saving on cassette tape as I went along and finally outputting to a daisywheel printer .
The show was enough of a hit to allow me to indulge my passion for computer gadgetry for the rest of my life .
I still tremble at the insanity which propelled me to outlay £ 7,000 on an Apple Laserwriter in the autumn of 1984 .
But the gear , gadgets and gismos were ultimately irrelevant of course .
It was all about coffee and cigarettes .
Sitting in a study in Norfolk , curtains drawn ( I cannot bear natural light when I ’m writing ) , staring at that flashing I - beam on the screen .
Cursing at the cursor .
Other writers may have written in the afternoons , used school exercise books and coloured pencils , sipped water and gazed out of the window but my way was my way and by the time I had written my first novel a kind of superstition told me that it would be tempting providence to change .
I might frighten off those shy Muses .
So , aside from the miracle of managing to give up cigarettes two and half years ago , I have kept to the same system .
Well , system is hardly the word .
But … it ’s still so bloody difficult .
I may always have been weirdly fascinated by the processes and outward routines of other writers , but deeper than that I really needed to know how much they too grunted , swore and howled at the sheer horror of having to write .
“ I sit at the typewriter and curse a bit , ” said one of my earliest literary heroes , P. G. Wodehouse .
Was he a special case ?
I began writing seriously when I was about thirteen .
Out streamed poetry , stories and novels , the latter of which were always aborted early , usually half way through the second chapter .
It took my friend Douglas Adams to encourage me to go further and he did this by pointing out that the reason I had never managed to finish a novel was that I had never properly understood how difficult , how ragingly and absurdly difficult , it is to do .
“ It is almost impossibly hard , ” he told me .
It is supposed to be .
But once you truly understand how difficult it is , ” he added , with signature paradoxicality , “ it all becomes a lot easier . ”
It was many years later that Clive James quoted to me Thomas Mann ’s superb crystallisation of this “ A writer , ” said Mann , “ is a person for whom writing is more difficult than for other people . ”
How liberating that definition is .
If any of you out there have ever been put off writing it might well be because you found it so insanely hard and therefore , like me , gave up and abandoned your masterworks early , regretfully assuming that you were n’t cut from the right cloth , that it must come more easily to true , natural - born writers .
Perhaps you can start again now , in the knowledge that since the whole experience was so grindingly horrible you might be the real thing after all .
Of course finding it difficult and managing to complete are just the first stages .
They are what earn you the uniform and the brass buttons , as it were .
They do n’t guarantee that what you complete is any good , or even readable .
That is quite a different kettle of wax , a whole other ball of fish .
Advertisement
You might notice below that another of my peculiar writing habits is to leave off shaving while the authorial fever is upon me .
I believe Tolstoy and Gertrude Stein were the same .
Pip pip .
Civil libertarians have questioned the dramatic increase in the number of CCTV cameras operating in Melbourne ’s CBD , saying they could potentially invade the privacy of citizens .
The Melbourne City Council today released a map of the 54 CCTV cameras placed in city trouble spots in a bid to deter and capture footage of violence .
Lord Mayor Robert Doyle said the cameras would be an important part of efforts by the council and Victoria Police to lessen city crime .
When asked about potential objections about the surveillance , Mr Doyle replied : " There will be groups that say this is Big Brother .
I say ' bad luck ' .
The city 's safety comes first " .
Financial Armageddon Part Two : Securitization Is Too Big To Fail So The Racketeering Must Stop !
Armageddon Part
One is over .
The question , like a hurricane , is whether the US is now in the eye of the storm or is it plain sailing from here on ?
The " navigators " are mumbling something about " all clear " , but then that 's what they mumbled last time .
Follow the money … how much money got " pumped " into the US economy after the start of the credit crunch compared to before ?
It 's a little confusing :
According to his testimony to the House Financial Services Committee on 21st July by Mark Zandi the head of Moody's , ( http://www.freelunch.com/mark-zandi/documents/House-Financial-Services-Financial-System-Regulatory-Reform-Written-Testimony-072109.pdf) so far the Fed has pumped $ 2.7 trillion into the " legacy " banks ; and Congress , ( via the Treasury ) pumped , $ 1 trillion directly into the veins of the economy , via the stimulus packages .
Presumably those are the correct numbers ; certainly no one jumped up and said he had his arithmetic wrong
The testimony also has a summary timeline of issuance of securitized bonds , ( source Thompson Reuters ) .
A recent report from Thompson Reuters ( http://seekingalpha.com/article/155203-historical-and-forecast-loan-data) gives a chart of debt created by the " legacy " banking system , of the traditional " Originate to Hold " variety .
Then there is the increase of National Debt , which is easy ( although different sources have slightly different numbers ) , presumably that was achieved by sales of Treasuries ( I gave up trying to figure that out from the Treasury Website ) .
As a check there are the estimates of the total debt in USA which I referenced from Morgan Stanley .
Theoretically ( b+c+d ) should add up to ( e ) , it does more or less ; I imagine any discrepancies are due to roll - overs which I did n't find data about .
Put that all together , tells a story :
Big picture what appears to have happened is that the Treasury has taken over the heavy lifting that securitization used to do in terms of providing the " credit - driver " of the US economy .
That is not healthy , and it may turn out to be unsustainable .
Looking at more or less the same data another way , this is an estimate of what happened in the eighteen months from January 2008 and the previous eighteen months :
Bit confused by what looks like a $ 700 billion increase in High Grade Corporate Bond Issuance , but the data does n't account for rolling - over so the net might be less .
Be that as it may ; the important point is that the $ 2.7 trillion of " bail - out " money does n't get into the economy until the banks start to lend it .
So far they are not doing that .
They say that 's because no one wants to borrow ; the borrowers say that 's because the terms offered by the banks amount to legalized loan sharking .
Whatever , it 's not getting lent .
By that logic , the amount of credit plus " one-off - stimulus " that got injected into the main artery of the economy is 22 % down on the preceding eighteen - month period .
Taking into account that a proportion of the stimulus packages did n't actually get shelled out so far , add in an allowance for rolling - over , the actual decline year on year could well be in excess of 30 % .
That 's not going to produce hyperinflation in a hurry .
Rather the opposite , or perhaps what the head of the EU Central Banks sensitively calls , " disinflation " ; whatever word you use , that 's what appears to be happening although no one except mavericks like Mike Shedlock ( http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article12749.html) are uttering the " D - Word " .
That may well be a " good thing " , over the past eighteen months there has been a growing consensus that USA had much too much debt and that a bit of " deleveraging " might not be a bad idea for a change .
But regardless of whether that 's right or wrong , that is NOT inflationary , and it's not going to create either jobs or economic growth , nor is it going to get the traditional engine of world economic growth , the US consumer , to go out and max their credit cards .
It 's all very well the Fed dropping the base - rate to zero , but that 's not getting passed on down the line .
If you got a good idea in the USA right now and you go looking for credit , at that " risky " end of the spectrum you will pay 10 % to 12 % over LIBOR .
That 's hardly a " stimulus " ; particularly since there are places in the world where you can find ways to pay a lot less .
That 's what happened in Japan after their housing bubble , the zombie banks got saved and showered with cheap money , everyone else paid through the nose , and the economy tanked .
Without securitization , that could happen in USA too .
It 's people with good ideas that create " real " new economic growth .
Building underpasses for turtles or tagging sage grouse ( which is the type of " shovel - ready " project the stimulus plan is financing ) might be " nice " , but that does n't create sustained economic growth .
At the current marginal productivity of that kind of credit , $ 1 trillion of new debt generates about $ 300 billion of extra GDP , every year , theoretically forever and forever , and that generates about $ 100 billion of tax revenue , every year .
By contrast $ 1 trillion of " stimulus " generates ( presumably ) about the same amount of GDP once , like a paper fire .
After that it generates nothing because the turtles do n't pay to use the underpass , except of course that someone has to pay the interest ( about $ 30 billion a year ) and someone ( like you ) also has to pay back the principle at some stage .
Discount all that and the " credit - engine " of growth now in USA is about half what it was in 2006 / 7 .
Sure perhaps the Fed and Congress will pump in more ( they have pledged another $ 8 trillion and that 's not counting the " unlimited " line items ) , but it will have to be a lot more than what 's going in now to run even the remotest risk of inflation , like about $ 2 trillion by the end of the year and $ 3 trillion next year .
There is no sign of that happening ; particularly since the ultimate source of that will need to be from selling US Treasuries , and there appears to be a limit on how many of those you can sell in a year , exept to the Fed .
Traditionally ( in recent years ) they shifted about $ 500 billion a year .
The target in 2009 is $ 2 trillion of which about $ 1 trillion got sold , but there are signs that the second trillion is going to be a lot harder to shift than the first .
Of course there is always " Quantitative Easing " ; that 's when the Fed prints money without posting collateral with the Federal Reserve Agent , but there 's a limit to how much that can happen , or even how much it can get away with .
One thing I do n't understand ( perhaps someone can explain this to me ( in words of one syllable please ) ) , how come the Fed 's assets " only " went up by about $ 1 trillion ( if you can call toxic assets and IOU 's from bust banks , " assets " ) :
But they say they shoveled $ 2.7 trillion into the banks plus another $ 300 billion or so for Currency Swap Lines ?
Maybe I 'm simple minded but is n't there about $ 2 trillion " missing " .
Perhaps Chairman
Bernake 's interrogators were asking the wrong question , like , not so much " where did it go " as " where did it come from ? "
Be that as it may , until that money gets lent out ( which it is n't ) , even if he was pulling a fast one , I guess that 's basically just another way to say " forebearance " .
Options going forwards :
It looks like there are five choices ( quantitative easing on any scale is not a serious option ) :
( a ) : Persuade America to get - by on half the credit that it has got used to ( so let unemployment rise to 15 % and live with a declining nominal GDP ) until that comes down to a more manageable level .
That 's what the IMF would insist on if USA was a Third World country that got itself into this sort of a jam .
( b ) : Massively increase the National Debt by selling $ 2 trillion to $ 3 trillion of Treasuries a year , year - on - year ( remember that has to finance the budget deficit and the current account deficit too ) .
There are two problems with that , the most relevant is that it 's highly unlikely that in the current circumstances USA will be able to sell more than about $ 1.5 trillion year .
( c ) : Massively increase taxation and fire a lot of government employees .
That would be popular !
( d ) : Get the " legacy " banking system to ramp up lending .
The way to do that would be to nationalize them , like they do in China .
That would n't be hard , most of the big banks are more - or - less owned by the government anyway so that is certainly a viable option .
( e ) : Fix securitization .
Well ( b ) is basically impossible so that 's not really an option ( a ) and ( c ) could result in riots and ( d ) might precipitate a fascist coup d'etat .
So that appears to leave just ( e ) as the only viable option , apart from muddling through , with the emphasis on muddle .
So why is no one doing anything about that ?
I went to a conference in London recently that grandly proclaimed was going to map out the Great - Leap - Forward that would Save - The - World as we know it , namely by re-starting securitization ( http://seekingalpha.com/article/143444-is-the-u-s-style-securitization-model-dead).
The impression I got was that no one had a clue how to do that .
You have to remember that securitization as we know and love it today was a product of thirty years of financial " innovation " , it 's hard to imagine that anyone can sit down for five minutes , figure out what went wrong , fix it , and then the world global financial system can live happily ever after .
In the conference there was a lot of talk about what NOT to do the next time around , but nothing remotely coherent about WHAT to do .
Someone from of the EU Banking Committee helpfully clarified things by saying , " we have many urgent matters to deal with ; securitization is at the bottom of the list " .
That was about the clearest direction that anyone came up with at the conference .
From the moment the " crisis " started in earnest in about July 2008 ; when Secretary Paulson proclaimed " The US Banking System Is Safe And Sound " , and the reaction of the market to that information was to short Fannie and Freddie into oblivion , the issue of securitization was given a wide berth , like a truck full of rotten fish .
Secretary Paulson had a peek with TARP then retreated from the stench , same story more or less with PPIP , the only effective player was the Fed via the TALF program , but the effects of that were muted .
Mark Zandi treated the specter of that dreaded subject with kid gloves in his testimony , he said ; " It would be a mistake to scrap securitisation altogether " .
Which means what ?
That the idea of scrapping securitization altogether is on the table ?
Perhaps that 's not surprising ; after all Moody 's were supposedly the bad guys , and well " securitization ( the core of Moody 's business model ) , caused the credit crunch right ? "
So best just to let that dying dog lie until the storm passes over ?
In the same vein the emphasis in Secretary Geithner 's eighty - five page Financial Stability Plan puts the priority for fixing securitization somewhere below controlling executive compensation and relying less on ratings agencies .
That 's hardly a " Plan " .
And in any case whatever hazy ideas it puts forward on the subject ( and they are truly hazy ) , they will have to wait until the whole package gets passed into law , which at the present rate of progress might be Christmas 2010 .
In essence the plan is very similar in structure to the plan to build the Maginot Line translated from the original French with one or two words changed ; the emphasis is on preventing what happened before happening again , and having the tools to deal with the unexpected next time something unexpected happens rather than something " expected " , if you follow the logic ?
There is reassuringly a lot of talk about " firefighting " .
That was the theme of Secretary Geithner 's first presentation to the Senate Financial Services Committee , where in response to a question from Senator Dodd he said " you ca n't fight a fire with a committee " .
Quite right too , but I 'm just wondering , where 's the fire ?
In case no one noticed the problem of starting fires , does n't typically arise after you just put one out and the burnt out shell of the building is inundated with water .
And in case no one noticed either , the American economy is on its knees ; forget about fires , the danger right now is drowning .
Perhaps the Great - Leap - Forwards to build a Fire Department can wait , certainly until there is the remotest chance that someone might be able to start a fire ?
The important point is from 2000 to 2007 about $ 14 trillion of securitized debt was created and sold , about half of that was sold to foreigners , by contrast $ 4.5 trillion of Treasuries were sold ( 40 % to foreigners ) .
The securitization pipeline to the debt used to lubricate the US economy AND to foreign exchange to help finance the endemic current account deficit , is now blocked .
It is highly unlikely that it can be substituted by selling Treasuries .
If either securitization is not fixed or an alternative is not found , some hard " readjustments " may be in store , Armageddon Part Two perhaps ?
How can securitisation be fixed and QUICKLY ?
The best ( and only ) coherent idea I saw so far , and in theory it looks like a good one , came from Professor Perry Merling of Columbia University ( if you want to read a clear and well written analysis of the credit crunch you do n't need to look any further than http://cedar.barnard.columbia.edu/faculty/mehrling/Global_Credit_Crisis_and_Policy%20Response.pdf).
Merling 's idea is that the Fed should become the insurer of last resort as well as the lender of last resort .
The logic there is that what 's missing out of the equation at the moment is that no one wants to sell insurance on the possibility of a toxic asset defaulting ( i.e. a Credit Default Swap ( CDS ) ) , so the Fed should sell insurance ( at a high price ) .
That 's because ( as a rule of thumb ) the value of a toxic asset is equal to the value of an equivalent risk - free - security ( i.e. a Treasury ( perhaps ) ) , minus the cost of insuring the toxic asset .
The problem right now is that since the cost of insuring a toxic asset is approaching the amount insured , the nominal value of all the toxic assets sitting on the banks balance sheet ( or off them ( same difference ) , is approaching zero , by that rule of thumb .
That makes perfect sense as a short - term fix , although the practicality of that idea is a bit dubious .
Even if you are selling insurance at a high price , you still need to know something about the insurance business , which in practice is slightly more complicated than just being the lender of last resort ( all you need to do there is keep an account of what you lent and make sure that it comes back with interest , and if not you go in and repossess the executive jet or something equally unfriendly ) .
And the fact that the Fed owns AIG does n't exactly provide an ironclad way to load up on that expertise , since it was AIG selling insurance much too cheap ( about 20 % of what they should have sold it at ) , that created the problem in the first place .
Also , and perhaps I 'm being thick again , but I do n't understand why should the Fed be the insurer of last resort when there is a perfectly good insurer of last resort that has been in business for over three - hundred years and so far , always paid up on it 's claims ( more or less ) ?
It 's called Lloyds of London ( and I do n't imagine they would write any insurance to anyone who does not have an insurable interest , which might be a good thing too ) .
But in any case the Treasury appears to be having a go at sorting out the CDS " market " ( http://seekingalpha.com/article/156227-treasury-s-derivatives-regulation-bill-draft-calling-it-an-improvement-is-a-travesty).Why am I not convinced that this wo n't just create more confusion and systemic risk ?
How about if instead of a 115 page document full of hazy ideas and multiple potentially conflicting layers of supervision , there was a one line mandate along the lines of " All CDS must be re-insured ( not hedged ) by a competent and approved re-insurer , and not less than " X % " " , and let the market sort out the rest ?
Two other ideas :
1 : Covered Bonds .
The problem at the moment is that no one trusts the valuations of the toxic debt , so anyone who holds the stuff is hanging on to it because they believe it is ultimately going to be worth more than what anyone ( else ) is prepared to pay for it now .
That will presumably sort itself out at some point , and now that the Fed and the regulators are practicing " forbearance " there is no particular hurry .
But the big problem is that no one wants to write any more of that stuff because they know they wo n't be able to sell it at a half - way decent price .
That is a problem , there are good quality borrowers in America ( a few of them left ) , that are crying out for debt at the sort of cost that securitization could deliver ( when it was working ) .
In the normal run of things , people need to roll over debt ( and there is a lot due for rolling over in 2011 to 2014 ) , municipalities need to finance infrastructure , and people with good ideas need debt to put them into practice .
The legacy banking system of originate and hold does not have the capacity to service that demand .
So how about forgetting about the old way of doing securitization , put in place , or mandate a method of doing securitization that everyone trusts .
There is one , it 's called covered bonds , where the liability of default rests with the issuer , that type of securitization was invented in Germany two - hundred years ago , and its credit history is impeccable .
They are slightly more expensive than the way securitization used to be done in USA , more important the arranging banks make less ( which is probably the main reason they never caught on in USA ) ,
That idea has been wafted around like a " well perhaps that would be nice " , Mark Zandi mentioned it in his testimony , others have had that idea .
Well perhaps it would be " nice " if until someone comes up with a better idea , the government mandated that the only securitization of pooled mortgages in USA would have to be via covered bonds , using a proscribed structure laid down by law , and said that , like ... tomorrow :
Writing that law would n't be hard , all that would have to happen is to get a copy of the German Law and translate it , that would at least get some securitization going .
What is a really bad idea is for the government to have a go at inventing something new or fixing the thing on the hoof .
First that will take too long , second it is the job of government to lay down clear practical regulations rather than a Pandora 's Box of hazy ideas in an attempt to do what the market got wrong .
Sure the " financial innovators " screwed up , but that most certainly does not mean that the government can do better .
The risk of failure will be that a good proportion of the US needs for credit will have to be " manufactured " via Treasuries , which would not be healthy ; that 's loony Socialism , the next step is deciding who gets what , like .
" are turtles more important than energy ? "
Let the industry sort out the mess , but they need breathing space , like two or three years , covered bonds can provide that .
2 : Transparency
Everyone talks about " transparency " these days , like they used to talk about " free love " at Woodstock , what does it mean ?
What it means is that market participants need to be provided with sufficient information about the stuff they are buying in the marketplace to be able to make rational and well informed decisions .
The problem now ( and it was then ) , is that market participants are not provided with sufficient information to make rational and informed decisions .
And they did not ... the proof ?
They paid too much for toxic assets ; and that had a feedback effect fuelling the bubble because people manufacturing those " assets " found they could make a fortune packaging them up and selling them like melanin tainted milk .
There were a number of reasons for that :
( a ) : People trusted the ratings and they did not check them ( and they should have , the ratings simply defined whether or not you could consider them as investment grade in front of the regulator ) .
( b ) : The insurance against default was sold too cheap
( c ) : Although there was a charade of marking to market , in fact that was done either by reference to about twenty benchmark toxic assets trading on the ABX Index ( like valuing a goat by finding out how much a cow is selling for ) , or by the " rule of thumb " that the value was equal to the value of a Treasury less the cost to buy a CDS which were traded on a supposedly liquid market .
That 's not the right way to do a valuation .
What is most extraordinary is that was the way that about $ 20 trillion of mortgaged and asset backed securities got valued by market participants ; which flies 180 degrees in the face of sensible or coherent valuation methodology .
Proof of that pudding is that rule of thumb manifestly did not provide a reliable measure of value ; in a nutshell that is Voodoo Valuation Standards .
That the valuations were wrong is self - evident , that 's what the credit crunch is all about ; the bankers found out that they were off the mark by $ 2.5 trillion to $ 5.0 trillion ( plus or minus depending on who you talk to and including the rubbish that was fobbed off on foreigners ( i.e. about half ) ) .
And that lunacy is what triggered the catastrophe , when the price of CDS went sky - high , the so called " mark - to - market " Alice in Wonderland valuation methodology marked all the toxic assets down to zero .
Talk about Dumb and Dumber !
The right way to do a valuation ( in the absence of a " real " market and no an Alice in Wonderland look - alike does n't hack it ) ; is to work out the likely cash flow on the actual security , not pontificate about spurious rules of thumb .
For that you need to drill back down the daisy chain to the actual pool of mortgages or assets and take a rational view of the delinquency rate ( and other things ) .
That 's theoretically possible , that information ought to be available from the service provider ; but that 's not all you need .
You also need in the words of International Valuation Standards " sufficient market - derived - data " , to be able to understand how the pool of mortgages is likely to perform .
That 's line - by - line data on the performance of other mortgages or assets .
The problem is that data is not available to the " public " ( i.e. you and me , and investors ) .
It is available for stocks , and there are laws that are supposed to make sure people do n't cheat , but it 's not available for securities .
That data exists , a recent study http://www.columbia.edu/~wj2006/liars_loan.pdf ( coincidentally also of Columbia University ) , analyzed 700,000 mortgages using line by line data , not that I agree with the result because they did n't put the mispricing of the housing market in as a variable , but still ; it was the first coherent analysis of delinquency I ever saw .
Anyway I wrote to Dr. Jang Wei asking if he could " lend me " the database so I could test my theory ( that mispricing is a valid explanatory variable ) , and he wrote back very promptly and politely " sorry , the data is confidential " ( that 's what I thought he would say but I thought I 'd ask ) .
Sure it 's confidential , to the bank that owns it and that has been feeding the market with fodder for melanin tainted toxic assets for five years .
If the customers for that junk had had access to that data they would have been able to make rational and informed decisions .
If anyone wants to start to make some progress on sorting out the pile of rotten fish that is the " toxic asset " problem ( outside of getting the taxpayer to front up $ 1 trillion or more so that some Walls Street types can make billions out of PPIP ) , and if anyone wants to start to have a coherent discussion about a " market " rather than the lunatic concoction that existed before , investors , all investors , are going to have to have access to the data that Dr. Wei has , and similar data from every single bank that ever sold on a mortgage for securitization .
And it should be provided as a matter of Law .
Perhaps I am being thick again , but from my perspective , not providing that data and selling that junk was a form of racketeering , plain and simple .
With that data anyone who has half an idea about how to do ( proper ) valuations , could figure out a way to value every single toxic asset in USA .
OK they might be wrong , but that 's beside the point , that would give investors the ability make a rational and informed decision about what to buy and what to sell , and if they got it wrong , well then the only people they could blame is themselves .
Perhaps there is a conspiracy to keep that data out of the hands of the investors ?
A joke I saw in a letter to the Financial Times a while back went something along the lines that " you do n't shear a sheep before you take it to market , lest the buyers can see the imperfections " .
Well perhaps its time to let the buyers take a good look at what they are buying for a change ?
There is nothing " confidential " about the data , so what if I know that loan number 198- 4328-0075 is to a Filipino male , divorced , income $ 44,000 per year , owns a dog , bought the house in 2006 , LTV appraised at 72 % , lives in a city , in Michigan ; three months late on his installments ?
That does n't tell me who he is .
I imagine the rating agencies get more data than you or me , but they are simply gatekeepers of the data .
Their pitch to maintain that monopoly is " trust us we know what we are doing , our ratings are super - reliable !!" ....
" Oh and by the way they are just opinions and you should do your own due diligence " .
Oh yeah , " but trust us " !
Great , so " Give - Me - The - Data " and kindly get out of the kitchen , if Secretary Geithner wants to rely less on the ratings agencies , first step , unlock the monopoly that they have on the data .
Right now the data that is required to do a proper valuation does not exist in the public domain , and for that reason , anyone who is buying or selling toxic assets is simply gambling .
That is not investment .
I floated this idea about three months ago and I got a comment saying that the Big Banks like Goldman Sachs and the like needed to value thousands of toxic assets a day , so how could they afford to do proper valuations ?
My response was " well they evidently could n't afford NOT to because otherwise they would n't be crawling to the government to bail them out " .
With the right data , doing a proper valuation is easy , and cheap .
That data is sitting on computer databases locked up in the vaults of the shysters who created the mess , time to cough it up .
One thing is for sure , until they do , no one is going to buy that stuff unless the government pays them to cart it away .
How To Close Down Riyadh International Airport For Two Days :
On the subject of confidentiality and secret 's I thought I would close with a story about how my mate Bruce Parker managed to close down Riyadh Airport .
He was looking after a contract digging two meter deep trenches for a 1,000 mm water pipeline , through rock .
He had a Rock - Saw working which is basically a D - 9 Cat with a huge chainsaw on the back , it used to go through solid rock ( the stuff you hit with a hammer and the hammer bounces up and hits you in the face ) , at about three miles an hour .
The ground would shake and the dust cloud would envelope the machine so you could n't even see it .
He had a team of about twenty people getting all the NOC's , and identifying services in front of the machine , someone would go down to the telephone people , the water people , electricity , drainage , etc , get the as - built drawings , then he would have someone walk around with a detector , it was a process .
One day he was sitting in his car watching the machine work , and a helicopter flew over , then two trucks full of soldiers came screaming down the road straight past him with sirens blazing , then six police - cars came screaming past from the other direction , then there were five helicopters in the air , and bit by bit the center of activity got closer and closer .
Finally one of the helicopters landed near the machine and some very irate looking commandoes with guns started looking in the trench .
He walked over , they asked , " who 's in charge " ; that was his second mistake , he said , " I am " .
What had happened was when they built the brand new airport they kept all the radar at the old airport and ran a fiber - optic cable to the new one ( it was about thirty kilometers away ) .
Since that was essential for the whole operation of the airport they encased it in a one - meter by one - meter continuous slab of concrete .
The Rock - Saw had gone through that , and the cable , without even noticing .
In the recriminations that followed , Bruce said , " Well it was n't on the As Built " .
The guy on the other side almost had an apoplectic fit , " Of Course it was n't on the As Built ... IT'S A SECRET !!! "
That 's what caused the credit crunch , too many secrets .
By Andrew Butter
Andrew Butter is managing partner of ABMC , an investment advisory firm , based in Dubai ( hbutter@eim.ae ) , that he setup in 1999 , and is has been involved advising on large scale real estate investments , mainly in Dubai .
© 2009 Copyright Andrew Butter - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Andrew Butter Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
22 Aug 09 , 11:09 Medjool date
" What had happened was when they built the brand new airport they kept all the radar at the old airport and ran a fiber - optic cable to the new one ( it was about thirty kilometers away ) .
Since that was essential for the whole operation of the airport they encased it in a one - meter by one - meter continuous slab of concrete .
The Rock - Saw had gone through that , and the cable , without even noticing .
In the recriminations that followed , Bruce said , " Well it was n't on the As Built " .
The guy on the other side almost had an apoplectic fit , " Of Course it was n't on the As Built ... IT'S A SECRET !!! "
That 's what caused the credit crunch , too many secrets . "
No kidding .
Henry Paulson committed TREASON when he gave his bank buddy 's TARP money .
Each and every lawmaker who consider him a ' friend ' , deserves 60 lashings , Arab style .
Autism affects 1 % of the adult population , the same rate as for children , says a large study , which undermines claims that the MMR vaccine is to blame
Autism is as common among adults as it is in children , according to the world 's first big study of its prevalence , undermining the theories of those who claim the MMR jab is responsible for the rising toll in recent years .
The survey , carried out by the National Centre for Social Research in collaboration with the University of Leicester , shows that one in 100 adults in England have an autism spectrum disorder , which can range from a serious disability to difficulties in socialising , and includes some people with extraordinary artistic talents .
At 1 % , the adult prevalence is the same as that in children .
The measles , mumps and rubella combined vaccination was introduced in 1990 - 91 .
If the theory first put forward by Dr Andrew Wakefield in 1998 of a link between MMR and autism were correct , there should be a higher incidence of the disorder in children and young people in their early 20s than in older adults , who were never given the jab .
The study was published today by the NHS Information Centre , which commissioned the research as part of the Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey in 2007 , funded by the Department of Health .
Although Wakefield 's theory has been widely discounted by scientists , there remains some public anxiety .
MMR vaccination rates have never fully recovered from the scare .
The main results , looking at the prevalence of a wide range of psychiatric problems in nearly 7,500 adults chosen randomly from the community , were published in January .
The survey of autism spectrum disorder found that among adults , as among children , more men than women are affected .
Overall , the rate was 1 % , but among men it rose to 1.8 % and among women it dropped to 0.2 % .
It found that people with some form of autism were more likely to be found among people who are single and who have low educational attainment .
People living in rented social housing were more likely to have the disorder – 8 % of men in such accommodation had an autism spectrum disorder .
Perhaps most worryingly , there was no evidence that people with autism were any more likely to get treatment for emotional or mental - health problems than those without .
" This landmark report is the first major study into the prevalence of autism spectrum disorders among adults to be carried out anywhere in the world , " said Tim Straughan , chief executive of the NHS Information Centre .
" While the sample size was small and any conclusions need to be tempered with caution , the report suggests that , despite popular perceptions , rates of autism are not increasing , with prevalence among adults in line with that among children .
It also suggests that , among adults , rates of autism remain broadly constant across age groups .
" The findings do not support suggestions of a link between the MMR vaccine and the development of this condition .
" The recent report by the National Audit Office on supporting people with autism through adulthood suggests [ there is ] very little recognition and service provision by local authorities or the NHS for adults with autism spectrum disorder .
" Within the health and social care sectors , professionals will be interested to see that despite their high levels of need , people with autism spectrum conditions in this survey are not accessing support services for mental or emotional problems in any greater numbers than the general population .
This does beg some questions about whether services , as currently configured , are meeting the needs of this group of people . "
It ’s the single most famous story of scientific discovery : in 1666 , Isaac Newton was walking in his garden outside Cambridge , England - he was avoiding the city because of the plague - when he saw an apple fall from a tree .
The fruit fell straight to the earth , as if tugged by an invisible force .
( Subsequent versions of the story ... ( Full article : 2250 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
You can be selfless .
Pep Talk :
When you think about or talk about yourself , use the kindest , most generous words possible .
But is there ever a time when you ’re not thinking about yourself ?
I ’m sure there must be , but I ’m having a hard time not thinking about myself long enough to think of one .
Let ’s commit to finding that time !
Let ’s set aside 5 , no , 2 minutes of either not thinking at all or thinking about something completely detached from ourselves .
Once we ’ve figured out how to think about subjects that are n’t us , we can move on to taking positive actions to benefit subjects that are n’t us .
Baby steps .
Today remind yourself : I can be selfless .
For those Atlus enthusiasts who do n't like buying retail copies of games packaged with bonus goodies , Atlus is releasing its upcoming Persona remake on the PSP on the same day as the UMD .
Digital distribution might be all the rage nowadays , but Atlus has sure made a case for the relevance of retail in recent times with its tradition of packaging neat swag along with copies of its games .
There 's always an art book , or soundtrack , or miniature plush doll , packaged in an over - sized box , to take home with an Atlus game .
The case is no different for the company 's upcoming PSP remake of the original Persona game , but considering the push for digital distribution on Sony 's handheld , Atlus is making Persona available on PlayStation Network the same day the game hits stores : September 22 .
" Meaning all of you first adopters of the upcoming PSP Go System can christen your new handheld with a quality RPG experience , while PSP System owners with a memory stick can opt to go digital as well ..
Everybody wins , " Atlus wrote .
The PSP Go hits in October , which is not long after Persona 's release , so I guess that would make sense , but aside from sheer convenience , the retail version does seem like better package .
It comes with a 2 - disc soundtrack that features all the tunes heard in the game .
And it comes in a " premium oversized outer box . "
A box !
You can't beat a big box .
Both versions have an MSRP of $ 39.99 .
( CNN ) --
People were " thrown to the roof as if they were dolls " and some feared for their lives when a Continental Airlines flight ran into turbulence , shaken passengers said .
Oxygen masks hang from a damaged part of the plane Monday , in a photo by passenger Camila Machado .
The turbulence struck without warning several hours into Monday 's Continental Flight 128 from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Houston , Texas .
The pilot diverted the Boeing 767-200 to Miami , Florida , to get treatment for the injured .
Continental said seven passengers were transported to hospitals , and about 28 other passengers were treated at the scene .
Lt. Elkin Sierra of the Miami - Dade Fire Department said 26 passengers were injured , including four seriously .
" The airplane came down very sharply , and all of us bumped our heads against the ceiling -- twice , " Brazilian passenger Celi Dfaria told CNN affiliate WSVN - TV at Miami -Dade International Airport .
" It dropped so hard that everything in the seat - back pockets just flew up in the air .
I caught my phone in my lap , " passenger Richard Sharp told the Houston Chronicle .
Watch what happens when a plane drops »
" The second one was the devastating one .
That 's when the plane really fell , " Fabio Ottolini of Houston , who with his wife and daughter was returning from a visit with family in Brazil , told affiliate KTRK - TV in Houston .
" While it was doing that , I saw people being thrown to the roof as if they were dolls . "
Do n't Miss 26 hurt when plane hits turbulence
Aloiso Dias thought the plane dropped more than twice .
" I felt like I was on a roller coaster , " he told WSVN - TV .
" I could n't even see what happened with my wife .
I was just holding onto the front of the seat and going with the flow . "
He could n't see because the cabin lights had gone out and " it was pitch black outside , " Frederick Bright told the Houston Chronicle .
" I went up , and it was like I was in the air for a minute .
Then I came down and I hit my back on the armrest , then I fell into the chair , " he said .
" I thought I was going to die because the lights went off completely , and all I could see was the red lights " on the wings .
Most of those who were injured had not been wearing seat belts , passengers said .
" It was like in the movies -- anybody who did n't have a seat belt on came right out of their chairs , " Manuel Alfaro of Houston told the Chronicle .
" It smacked everyone around . "
Several people hit the ceiling hard , witnesses said .
" People that were n't seatbelted in flew up and hit the ceiling , so their heads and their faces hit the plastics all up at the top , " John Norwood of Houston told WSVN - TV .
" A couple of people were badly hurt from the plastic breaking on their faces from the lights .
There were people cut , bleeding .
There were a few people unconscious . "
Watch passengers describe the terror »
Deanna Buckley of Houston hit the ceiling but was n't hurt .
" I hit my head on the light above and it broke the light out and I was showered in glass , " she told WSVN - TV .
" I was lucky , though .
There were people on there whose faces were cut up .
It was terrible . "
The turbulence came suddenly , catching many passengers asleep .
" It seemed like the back of the plane got it the worst , though , probably because there 's more people in the back and a lot of people did n't have their seat belts on , " Sharp told the Chronicle .
" You had a lot of people sleeping across the empty rows , so those people were bouncing around on the armrests .
They really took the brunt of the beating in the back . "
Learn more about turbulence and what causes it »
One of those was 13 - year - old Thiago Candido , who was traveling unaccompanied .
" Oh , I was scared man , " Candido told KTRK - TV .
" I was sleeping and I woke up with my head in the ceiling .
I did n't know what was going on .
" I thought the plane was falling , just like a big earthquake , but in the air , " he said .
The flight carried 168 passengers and 11 crew members .
Continental flew remaining passengers to Houston later Monday .
" I think the most important thing about this whole episode is seat belts , all the time , " Ottolini told KTRK - TV .
" Because we have no way to predict what happened .
It just happened . "
All About Continental Airlines Inc. • Air Travel
When the European Commission is n't occupied with important duties such as regulating banana curvature , it likes to turn its attention to large companies with significant market share .
EU regulators are concerned about the implications of Oracle 's pending acquisition of Sun , a $ 7.4 billion deal that could significantly reshape the enterprise IT market .
The EC has temporarily halted the acquisition and is preparing to launch an antitrust inquiry to determine if the sale should be permitted to go forward .
At the heart of the controversy is MySQL , the popular open source database software that Sun acquired last year .
EC commissioner Neelie Kroes says that the absorption of leading open source database software by a company that sells competing proprietary database requires close scrutiny .
Specifically , the commissioner fears that Oracle will discontinue ongoing development of MySQL , reducing the choices that are available to consumers and potentially forcing users to buy the database giant 's more costly enterprise solutions .
In an economic climate that is encouraging companies to cut costs by adopting open source software solutions , the rapid growth of MySQL has the potential to cannibalize Oracle 's lucrative database business .
It 's still entirely unclear if Oracle intends to kill MySQL or capitalize on the open source trend by making MySQL a core part of its business .
Oracle could also simply boost commercial MySQL support contract costs to a level that makes the open source option unappetizing for commercial users .
The uncertainty surrounding this issue has compelled regulators to put a hold on the acquisition .
The Associated Press reports that the EU is exploring potential remedies such as forcing the MySQL division to be sold off separately to a different buyer .
Although Oracle 's acquisition of Sun does represent a massive stroke of consolidation for the database market , it 's hard to believe that Oracle could truly kill off MySQL even if it really wanted to .
Much like the mythical Hydra , extremely popular open source software projects are highly resilient and possess a remarkable ability to reconstitute themselves .
Amid the ambiguity that afflicts Oracle 's plans for the future of MySQL , a number of third - party vendors with close ties to the open source project have stepped up and professed a strong commitment to shepherding future development by maintaining community - oriented forks .
Several of these companies have jointly established an organization called the Open Database Alliance which promises to provide a vendor - neutral environment for coordinating this effort .
The lead mastermind behind the alliance is Monty Widenius , one of the original cofounders of MySQL .
Widenius abandoned his development role at Sun last year , citing frustration with release management practices and what he viewed as poor engineering standards that were applied to MySQL following its acquisition by Sun .
He founded his own company called Monty Program Ab which focuses on building the MariaDB storage engine , a MySQL replacement based on the original source code .
Widenius hopes that Oracle will be open to collaborating with the community in a positive way , but he says that he is fully prepared to provide an alternate path forward for the current MySQL community and third - party vendor ecosystem if Oracle decides to play mean or take its toys and go home .
The evidence strongly suggests that the open source database will live on regardless of what Oracle decides to do .
Regardless of the project 's strong capacity to sustain itself , there are still ways in which the acquisition holds the potential for abuse .
We talked to Monty Program Ab Chief Community and Communications Officer Kurt von Finck to get his perspective on the EU 's concerns .
Von Finck points out that MySQL 's licensing model gives the copyright holder a higher level of control than the rest of the community and the exclusive ability to provide certain kinds of products and services that third - party vendors cannot .
This means that Oracle 's acquisition of Sun would still have significant implications for competition in the database market .
" Monty Program has forked the GPL version of MySQL .
That precludes us from developing certain types of business .
Like dual - licensing , or creating commercial , embeddable solutions .
Anything we do will have to be GPL'ed .
Oracle does not have this constraint , " he explained .
" If Oracle were to release MySQL under a different license , say the Apache license , this issue would be mitigated to an extent .
But for now , Oracle has many more avenues of [ MySQL - related ] business and revenue than do others . "
I asked von Finck if he thinks Oracle will drop MySQL development .
He declined to speculate about Oracle 's specific plans , but he believes that the EC could play a role in ensuring that the acquisition does n't lead to a decline in consumer choice .
" It 's clear that Oracle is a smart company .
And the goal of any smart company is to return value to their shareholders .
In this context , if MySQL was seen by Oracle to be cannibalizing their core business and revenue stream , I think there are quite a few actions they could take that would not resonate well with open source thought leaders , MySQL users , or individuals that value a competitive market , " he said .
" There are certainly steps that could be taken to ensure that the acquisition of the world 's most popular open - source database by the world 's largest commercial database vendor do not remove choice for users and ensure a viable and competitive database marketplace . "
The antitrust issue is highly complex , but one thing is very clear : the delay for Oracle and Sun will be very costly .
While the acquisition hangs in limbo , IBM is vigorously cannibalizing Sun 's server business and proudly touting the migration statistics .
By the time that the EU regulators complete their review in January , the bones could be picked clean .
For people around the globe , the images of club - wielding men on motorcycles beating demonstrators on the streets of Tehran was just another case of brutality in a far - off land .
But as he watched the violence of recent weeks unfold on television and YouTube , Amir Farshad Ebrahimi , an exiled Iranian , recognized some of the attackers .
They were once good friends .
His life , encapsulating the betrayals and disappointments that followed Iran ’s tumultuous revolution 30 years ago , as well as the hopes and fears of Iranians now living abroad , had come full circle .
Advertisement
Once a lonely young man in exile , a rejuvenated Ebrahimi is now using his experience as an insider within Iran ’s hard - line militias to “ out ” members of the group .
On his well - regarded Persian - language blog , he has listed the names and phone numbers of about a dozen militia members whom he has spotted in photos and video of the demonstrations over his homeland ’s disputed presidential election .
One of them rang him up in a tizzy .
“ This is unethical , ” his onetime friend told him .
Ebrahimi was flabbergasted .
“ You ’re killing people , ” he said .
“ Is n’t that more unethical ? ”
Advertisement
::
Why was the 11 - year - old spending so much time at the mosque , Ebrahimi ’s family wondered .
What was he doing after school , hanging out with the sons of those detested “ Hezbollahis , ” Islamic radicals who had dominated the country after the 1979 revolution ?
His father , an air force pilot , was no true believer .
After returning from lengthy stints at the front of the Iran - Iraq war , he would immediately shed his fatigues , shave off his beard and curse those who headed the war effort as incompetent fanatics .
But young Ebrahimi was enchanted by the country ’s new spirit , lured by the confident young men who signed up to fight .
Advertisement
“ The boys kept saying , ‘ Let ’s go to the mosque , ’ ” he recalled .
“ There were always displays of guns and grenades there .
I liked it . ”
In 1987 , the 12 - year - old and a friend lied about their ages , evaded their parents and signed up to fight on the front lines during the war ’s penultimate year .
“ They gave us a little money and a train ticket and told us to report for duty , ” said Ebrahimi , who provided photographs showing him as a fresh - faced youngster in uniform .
One day his father came to the base .
He approached his son , slapped him hard on the face , then walked away without saying a word .
Advertisement
After 10 months , Ebrahimi returned home , and though he had n’t seen much action , he was hailed as a hero , a big shot among his peers .
The gawky teenager began writing patriotic pieces for a youth magazine called Surah , catching the attention of hard - line groups .
He signed up for the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and was accepted into a university , hanging out with like - minded students and veterans .
They met regularly , usually at mosques .
They studied literature called “ Program of the Guardianship , ” which included lessons about Islam and politics , and depicted their political rivals , including reformists , as enemies of God , in effect giving themselves permission to kill their foes without committing a sin .
Advertisement
“ We were brainwashed , ” Ebrahimi said .
“ We thought that these people had taken up swords and were going against Islam . ”
Among those he befriended was Mojtaba Khamenei , the son of Iran ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
They went on trips together , visiting the resort towns of the Caspian Sea coast on weekends or for holidays .
Eventually they would evolve into the group called Ansar-e Hezbollah , now notorious as the informal shock troops of Iran ’s hard - line establishment loyal to the supreme leader .
The way Ebrahimi had envisioned it , Ansar-e Hezbollah was a political and cultural organization .
So why were they talking about beating people ?
He did n’t like that .
Advertisement
It was early July 1999 , just before the student unrest and crackdown that symbolized the height and the downfall of Iran ’s reformist wave under then - President Mohammad Khatami .
Ebrahimi’s Ansar-e Hezbollah colleagues wanted to crush the students .
He urged restraint , hoping the movement would burn itself out .
A week later , exactly 10 years ago today , 18th day of the month of Tir on the Persian calendar , Ansar-e Hezbollah activists stormed the dormitories , killing one student , probably more .
Ebrahimi had seen enough and , in a now famous act , waded into a crowd of students to take the podium .
Advertisement
“ You ’re right , ” he told the stunned audience .
“ They ’re savage .
I ’ve resigned . ”
The students roared with approval .
The next day , he was arrested outside his home , shoved into the trunk of a car and taken to an unknown building and locked in solitary confinement .
During grueling interrogations , he suffered a broken chin and hand , was hung by his feet and beaten .
Advertisement
After eight months , he was dropped off in downtown Tehran , but his freedom was short - lived .
Ebrahimi was again arrested , tried and sentenced to prison , shuttling from Tehran ’s infamous Evin Prison , where demonstrators today are being taken , to other facilities in and around the capital for three years .
Even when he was free again , Ebrahimi was a marked man , prohibited from leaving the country and facing years of scrutiny by security forces .
He had a choice : stay and fight it out with authorities in Iran , or make a run for it .
Advertisement
The hike across the mountainous border with Turkey was long and dangerous .
In Ankara , the Turkish capital , the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees accepted Ebrahimi ’s application for asylum .
He enrolled at a university , fell in love and moved to Germany , joining the many Iranian dissidents carving out lives abroad .
It was 2007 , and Ebrahimi was at a conference of Iranian dissidents in southern Spain when a man claiming to be with the CIA showed him a photocopy of a check made out to Hezbollah and supposedly signed by Khamenei .
Advertisement
Ebrahimi thought the man , who gave his name as David Coberly , was testing him by showing him bogus intelligence .
Who would believe that Khamenei , whom Iranians regard as God ’s representative on Earth , would make a check out to Hezbollah , like a guy paying for new kitchen cabinets ?
“ Is this a joke ? ” Ebrahimi recalled asking .
It was n’t a joke , he soon learned , but it was symptomatic of America ’s misunderstanding of Iran , or maybe its willingness to welcome faulty intelligence in order to make a case against the country .
Advertisement
Ebrahimi had embraced the life of an activist in exile , becoming a valuable asset for Western intelligence agencies and analysts seeking insight on the Islamic Republic .
He was in regular contact with Western officials and a circle of neoconservative activists .
He and other Iranian and Western activists enticed Iranian officials to defect to the West .
The group played a key role in the defection of Brig .
Gen. Ali Reza Asgari , a former deputy defense minister who left via Turkey , taking a trove of secrets about Iran ’s weaponry and technology with him .
But feeling adrift in the life of an exile , Ebrahimi grew homesick .
Last year , he and his parents made plans for a rendezvous in Istanbul , Turkey , hoping it would be a fun - filled holiday .
Advertisement
Once again , he found himself locked up , alone with his thoughts in a windowless gray tomb .
At the immigration counter at Istanbul ’s Ataturk International Airport , border guards ushered him away .
Security officials ordered him to strip .
“ Why ? ” Ebrahimi demanded .
“ Why am I being singled out ? ”
They refused to tell him .
But he had his suspicions , confirmed hours later when he overheard an Iranian Consulate official outside the door vowing to take him back to the Islamic Republic for his role in the defection of the military commander .
Advertisement
“ I was very afraid , ” Ebrahimi recalled .
“ I was scared like I ’ve never been scared before . ”
Then Ebrahimi realized that Turkish authorities had forgotten to take away his cellphone .
Quietly , he began calling people abroad : his wife , well - connected Iranian dissidents in the United States .
“ I was personally on the phone for several hours that night trying to gain his release , ” said Kenneth Timmerman , a neoconservative activist who heads the Washington - based Foundation for Democracy in Iran .
“ Other people were involved pulling political strings .
There was a lot of heavy lifting being done in Washington . ”
Advertisement
Time was ticking away .
Once , as Ebrahimi was being taken to an interrogation room , the Iranian official patted him on the back .
“ I ’ll see you in Tehran , ” he told Ebrahimi .
Early the next morning , an official who said he was from the consulate of a Western government showed up at the airport and demanded to see Ebrahimi .
The Westerner was firm .
He had orders from his capital .
Ebrahimi was to be placed on a plane back to Germany .
Advertisement
These days , Ebrahimi spends his time writing his blog and working on a memoir he hopes to sell to Western publishers , stepping out occasionally from his ground - floor apartment for a quick smoke .
Recently , he wrote an open letter to his old friend Mojtaba Khamenei , who is said to be the driving force behind the military - led crackdown on the protest movement .
“ We have defended our country , rifle in hands , and have killed to save our country from deterioration , ” he wrote .
“ In those days neither you nor I ever imagined standing up against our own people , unlike what seems to be your cup of tea these days . ”
Ebrahimi described the photograph of Neda Agha - Soltan dying in the street last month near a demonstration in support of opposition leader Mir-Hossein Mousavi .
Advertisement
“ It reminded me of one of our martyred friends during the war , ” he wrote .
“ Do n’t you see how the nation is being crushed ?
Do n’t you see the blood in the streets ?
How can you watch and not speak a word of protest ? ”
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Not so long ago , in an ungainly and annoying queue at a hangar on the outskirts of town , the talk was all about great - value scented tealights .
Today , the conversation has switched to fonts , and there is apoplexy .
In case news has n't reached you , Ikea has changed its global font from Futura to Verdana .
This would n't normally raise an eyebrow , but the new catalogues have just arrived on type designers ' doormats ( Thud !
The new Ektorp Tullsta armchair cover – only £ 49 ! ) , and instead of looking all industrial and tough , it now looks a little more crafted and generously rounded .
It also looks less suited to a Swedish company founded on original design , and a bit more like a company you would n't think twice about .
Online design forums are fuming , and typomaniacs are saying terrible things .
Futura has a quirkiness to it that Verdana does not , as well as a much longer history linked to a political art movement .
Futura , dating from the 1920s , is loosely Constructivist ( only loosely , because the proprietary version that Ikea made its own – Ikea Sans – is slightly tweaked to distinguish it from , say , something Joseph Stalin might have used ) .
Verdana , however , is linked to something modern and frequently reviled : Microsoft .
It is one of the most widely used fonts in the world , and people who care about these things dislike the way our words are becoming homogenised : the way a sign over a bank looks the same as one over a cinema ; the way magazines that once looked original now look like something designed for reading online .
This is what has happened with Ikea : the new look has been defined not by a company proudly parading its 66 - year heritage , but by something driven by the clarity of the digital age .
Nothing wrong with that – it's a business .
A new font is unlikely to have a detrimental effect on sales .
( Indeed , the publicity generated by all this chatter may boost them . )
But what would happen to our appreciation of the world if all our decisions were governed by commerce alone ?
Futura is the most enduring work of the German designer Paul Renner .
It still looks modern 82 years after its release .
Verdana was designed in 1993 by Matthew Carter , a Brit now living in Boston , one of the most elegant and highly regarded type designers in the world .
Carter is responsible for a great amount of the world 's newsprint type ; if an art editor wants a modernised newspaper masthead , they will more likely than not get Carter .
I met the man recently over dinner , and he explained that Verdana was a typeface simply designed to look good on a computer screen .
It was clear ; it worked well in many languages ; it was unambiguous even at small point sizes .
( Its simplicity belies the fact that , like most typefaces , it took many months of painstaking work to perfect . )
Our awareness of different typefaces has blossomed with the pull - down menu on personal computers .
" In the past , " Carter says , " people who had a very well - defined sense of taste in what they wore or what they drove , did n't really have any way of expressing their taste in type .
But now you can say , ' I prefer Bookman to Palatino , ' and people do have feelings about it . "
Verdana is now the default font of choice for many who are grateful to the freedoms provided by their computers , but do n't have time to consider how their work looks to others .
Which is precisely why those who do care are so upset .
Verdana seems to have been chosen by Ikea by default , or at least by economics .
An Ikea spokeswoman , Monika Gocic , has said that Verdana is for them because " it is more efficient and cost - effective " .
This is another way of saying : " We use it because everyone else does . "
Should we care about these things as much as type designers do ?
I believe we should , and not just because in my experience type designers tend to be wise souls .
If everything looked like a front page of the Times from 1950 , then we may as well all still be living in black - and - white .
And beyond the risk of homogeneity , there is emotion .
Used well , type design defines mood , and how we think about everything we see .
It can make us think seriously or frivolously ; it can guide us effortlessly , or it can entertain us viscerally .
According to Swedish folklore , there are more copies of the Ikea catalogue printed each year than the Bible .
It certainly has more Billy bookcases than either the Old or New Testatment , but its designers would do well to remember their history .
The first movable type appeared with Gutenberg 's Bible in the 1450s , and everything followed from there .
In this strange way , the multi-million print - run of the Ikea catalogue has now adopted a cloak of heavy responsibility .
But things could be worse .
It could be in Helvetica .
- Simon Garfield 's book about type design will be published by Profile Books next year
Here ’s a handy list of notes from the 1950s and 1960s that I ’ve collected from a variety of vintage clippings .
Each of these are from magazine articles or newspaper advice columns containing helpful ideas sent in from women sharing their tips with each other .
I consider these as timeless wisdom , they were our mothers and grandmothers–and it ’s hard to find someone with better advice & tricks than they have , these women knew how to work a kitchen !
I ’ve also included more info found on Tipnut where there was more expanded info or helpful goodies on the topic .
Enjoy !
Timeless Wisdom Snippets
When boiling milk , first stir in a pinch of baking soda .
This will help keep the milk from curdling .
Add one teaspoon of lemon juice to each quart of water when cooking rice , this will keep rice fluffy .
First rinse raisins , dates and figs in very cold water before putting them through the food chopper .
They will not form such a gummy mass .
For crisper salads :
Place a saucer upside down in the bottom of the salad bowl before filling with salad .
Excess moisture will run underneath the saucer and this will help keep the salad crisp and fresh .
Tasty flavored whipped cream :
First whip cream then add 2 tablespoons of flavored jello and continue beating on slow until the whipped cream is right consistency .
Leftover ham : Lay ham slices in a baking dish then cover with maple syrup .
Refrigerate overnight then fry the ham in butter the next morning .
A couple more ideas for leftover ham .
Incorporate a dash of lemon juice into meatballs before cooking them .
You can substitute crumbled cornflakes for bread crumbs when mixing meatloaf .
You ’ll find more tips & tricks for tasty meatloaf here ( including some filler ideas ) .
When a recipe calls for butter the size of an egg , use four tablespoons .
Cookie & Cake Decoration : Keep a small amount of sugar in small glass jars , add a few drops of food coloring and shake jar .
Keep several colors on hand .
You can also use this technique on shredded coconut .
Pickle Juice uses :
Use sweet pickle juice to thin salad dressing or make French dressing with instead of vinegar , more delicious .
Cook vegetables with one or more bouillon cubes instead of salt–improves flavor .
Tossing in a few garlic cloves when boiling vegetables makes things tastier too .
Salt added to flour used for thickening gravies , etc. , will help to prevent lumping .
Chilled evaporated milk , whipped until fluffy , may be used as the base for several frozen desserts by the addition of different flavors , fruits , nuts , instant coffee , cocoa , jello , and other flavorings .
Then add coconut , drained fruits , etc. , as desired .
Use easy crusts such as crushed cereal or crackers such as graham .
After crimping the edge of the pie crust , lift the edge of the crust gently all around with your fingers .
This keeps the dough from sticking to the dish while baking and makes it easier to take out the pieces of pie .
Place crackers , dried bread , cookies or sugar which has lumps in a sturdy plastic bag ( make sure it has no holes ) .
Roll with a rolling pin or fruit jar as coarse or as fine as you like then pour into a measuring container .
If you have more than you need at the time , just tie the bag and place in a pantry or freezer for later use .
A teaspoon of sugar mixed with your yeast and water helps it raise better .
Even if you are making bread you can use some sugar .
Never mix salt directly with the yeast and water mixture as the salt kills the raising action .
Keep brown sugar in a closed container with an apple in it , the brown sugar will stay soft and moist .
Here are more ways to soften brown sugar .
Grate orange and lemon peel before peeling .
Dry and incorporate into spice cake or any cookies or puddings .
The dried grated peel will keep well in a covered jar .
Here are some Uses for Citrus Peels Plus Candied Lemon Peel Recipe .
Wrap parsley in foil first , then freeze .
Shave off as much as needed , rewrap and return to the freezer .
It will retain its flavor and freshness .
For fried foods that require flouring , try pancake flour for a change , it ’s quite nice .
To keep peeled potatoes from turning dark without putting them in water , wrap in paper towel and wet under the faucet .
Baking bread ?
Do not preheat .
When you light your oven , pop in the bread pans immediately and you ’ll be amazed at the resulting lightness of the bread .
Here is More Advice for Homemade Breads .
Toast oatmeal in the oven before adding to other ingredients when making oatmeal cookies - –delicious !
Add two teaspoons of vinegar to jello and it will keep the jello from melting when you serve it .
If you scorch milk by accident , put the pan in cold water and add a pinch of salt .
Takes away the burned taste .
Add a few sprigs of fresh peppermint to leftover tea while it is still warm , then refrigerate .
Serve over ice .
Roll pastry on waxed paper .
Before placing paper on work surface , wipe surface with a damp cloth to prevent slipping .
Flour paper lightly , and with forefinger draw a circle an inch and a half larger than the pan you intend to use .
You ’ve seen pastry cloths with guidelines … and they really do help .
When pastry has been rolled out , pick up paper pastry and all .
Fit into pan , paper side up and then pull paper away from crust .
Prevents tearing or stretching twist paper and pan .
Another nice tip :
You can also roll pastry between two sheets of waxed paper .
If it is a meringue pie you are making …add four or five marshmallows cut into pieces or 1 /2 cup miniature ones , to meringue just before spreading .
These marshmallows give both flavor and body to the meringue .
The latter is important if pie is to stand for sometime before serving .
Lemon juice or vinegar in water where cauliflower is cooked makes it keep its white color .
To pare pineapple easily cut into rings and peel each slice separately .
Add a slice of lemon to peeled sweet potatoes while cooking .
The lemon will help them clear and free of discoloration .
A tablespoon of minute tapioca sprinkled in apple pie will absorb excess juice while baking .
Add one teaspoon baking powder to mashed potatoes to make them fluffy .
Dip the blades of shears in hot water before cutting marshmallows , they wo n’t stick .
Have a small bowl of melted butter and just brush on corn on the cob with a pastry brush .
If you have a metal bowl you can put a chunk of butter in the bowl and set on grill to melt while meal is grilling .
For bananas that are ripe and ready to eat but you have too many , peel the bananas and freeze them then dip in melted chocolate and freeze again , these make a nice treat !
More tips on freezing bananas here .
Fill a large hole or sugar shaker with flour and use that when needing to dust surfaces with flour or just pour out a tablespoon as you need it , this is handy way to keep a bit of flour on hand instead of digging in the flour bin .
Use pastry wheel to cut rolled cookie dough in squares or diamonds , much less rolling and very pretty .
Rinse measuring cup in hot water before using syrup , oil , etc .
Will pour out clean and not stick to cup .
Canned fruit is much better if opened and removed from the can an hour or two before using to restore the oxygen .
When making popcorn balls , slip plastic bags on your hands when shaping them , wo n’t stick or burn your hands .
A wire cheese cutter is ideal for cutting chilled refrigerator cookie dough .
To liven up day old bread or rolls you can put the bread in a large bowl and place in a pot with a shallow level of boiling water .
Remove from heat and cover the pot to steam the bread briefly .
The bread will be warm and soft in a couple minutes .
You can also use stale breads to make big batches of breadcrumbs and delicious homemade croutons .
An ordinary funnel makes the best cooling rack for your tube cake pans .
You ’ll find another bunch of baking tips and tricks for making cakes from scratch on this page .
Feel free to add your favorite baking or cooking tips below :) .
Does your colon really need cleansing ?
Few issues divide the worlds of conventional and alternative medicine quite so starkly .
According to a profusion of Web sites , clinics and wellness spas , the typical American diet of processed foods , pharmaceuticals , stress and lack of exercise is clogging up our lower intestinal tracts , leaving them ...
Consumer groups warned the new law could punish the wrong people
The French National Assembly has passed a draft law that would allow illegal downloaders to be thrown off the net .
The law was narrowly passed by 285 votes to 225 .
The French hard - line policy on piracy has drawn worldwide attention as nations around the globe grapple with the issue of piracy .
The ruling majority UMP voted in favour but the Socialist Party has already announced that they will appeal to the Constitutional Court once again .
An earlier version of the bill was ruled unconstitutional and a compromise version was hammered out .
The Constitutional Court insisted that a judge rather than a high authority had to rule on the issue of whether to disconnect users .
The document will only be adopted definitely if a commission - made up of seven senators and seven deputies - can agree a joint version in the next few days .
The legislation is backed by President Nicolas Sarkozy .
The proposed legislation operates under a " three strikes " system .
A new state agency would first send illegal file - sharers a warning e-mail , then a letter and finally cut off their connection if they were caught a third time .
While it is backed by the film and record industries , consumer groups have warned that innocent people may get punished .
The European Parliament is currently considering whether cutting off internet access is a breach of human rights .
In the UK , Business Secretary Lord Mandelson has been widely credited with seeking a tougher line on UK piracy laws .
The British government is proposing a tougher stance which could include cutting repeat offenders off from the net .
United States halts food aid for Somali women and children
By Barry Mason
28 September 2009
The World Food Programme has closed 12 feeding centres for women and children in Somalia because it has insufficient money to continue .
Aid workers have told the BBC that the cuts are the result of US restrictions on aid to areas that are under the control of groups designated as terrorists .
The WFP has less than half the funds it needs for next year .
The cuts have been made at the height of one of the worst humanitarian crises in the region in more than a quarter of a century .
Large parts of Somalia fall into the US category of being under “ terrorist ” control because they are currently run by al Shabab , an Islamic organisation that Washington claims has links to Al Qaeda .
According to the United Nations , half of the six million Somali population are in need of food aid .
Most of these people live in areas controlled by al Shabaab .
Around 1.5 million people are internally displaced in Somalia as a result of fighting between the Western - backed Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) and various insurgent groups .
They are living in refugee camps where conditions are rapidly deteriorating .
The UN children ’s agency UNICEF says that of 250,000 children living in camps , 70,000 under five are likely to die .
Josette Sheeran , executive director of the WFP , one of the few aid agencies left working in Somalia , said , “ Getting help to them inevitably involves dealing with al Shabab and other hardline groups now in control of the towns and villages across the region . ”
The WFP was working with the Obama administration to try to overcome these difficulties , she told the BBC .
Her diplomatic words mask a growing humanitarian crisis that can be traced back directly to US foreign policy .
During the Cold War , the US poured weapons into the Horn of Africa because it occupies a strategic point on world trade routes .
The breakdown of the Somali state can in large part be attributed to American actions in this region .
The Bush administration attempted to foist the Transitional Federal Government on the Somali people by force of arms , using the Ethiopian army as a proxy force .
Since he came to office , Obama has continued the policy of arming a government that has no internal support .
The result is the mass exodus of the civilian population out of the capital into refugee camps .
The humanitarian crisis in Somalia has been exacerbated by drought , famine and high commodity prices .
A coalition of Canadian humanitarian agencies has described the situation in the wider region as “ a perfect storm of crop failures , a multi - year lack of rain , conflicts and political turmoil . ”
Over 20 million people in the Horn of Africa are facing the threat of severe hunger .
The affected area includes the countries of Somalia , Djibouti , Eritrea , southern Ethiopia , north - eastern Uganda , northern parts of Tanzania and the northern and eastern regions of Kenya .
In Ethiopia , one in six of the population is dependent on food aid .
Hundred of thousands of Somalis have fled to camps in Kenya to seek refuge .
The international aid agency Oxfam estimates a further 100,000 will flee Somalia this year , heading for Kenya .
The Dadaab refugee camp in north - eastern Kenya was built for 90,000 people but is currently holding 300,000 .
It is described by Oxfam as “ barely fit for humans , ” with many thousands without access or inadequate access to water and sanitation .
In Kenya around 10 million people already face food insecurity .
Marcus Prior of the WFP explained , “ This is the worst ( drought ) in nearly a decade .
One in ten Kenyans is in need of food assistance . ”
The severe drought is having a huge impact on the livelihoods of pastoralists who make up an important part of the economy in the region .
Conflict between different groups of pastoralists has become common as they seek to graze their cattle and encroach on each others ’ territory .
Bright Rwamirama , a Ugandan government minister , told a news conference recently “ We are losing animals due to starvation … in the cattle corridors . ”
A million Ugandans are receiving food aid distributed by the WFP .
The government of Tanzania has had to dispatch 40,000 tonnes of cereal to the north of the country affected by the drought .
While the Horn of Africa area has been subject to periodic drought for many years , leading to regular food shortages , several factors have combined to exacerbate its current food crisis .
High food prices are a major factor .
Oxfam reports that in Ethiopia the food staple white maize costs 72 percent more than its five - year average .
In some parts of Kenya , maize and beans are nearly twice their usual price with the same for millet in Uganda .
According to the New Agriculturalist Web site , “ In 27 sub - Saharan African countries 80 to 90 percent of all cereal prices were over 25 percent higher than two years ago . ”
Climate change is seriously impacting the area .
Beatrice Teya of US aid charity World Vision stated .
“ The drought is becoming quite common , almost continuous ; especially in the Horn of Africa … it is not giving communities time to recover . ”
The regular rains that used to fall are more and more likely to fail or deliver less water than in previous years .
This continuous pattern of inadequate rainfall undermines the ability of the people to cope .
A recent Oxfam statement says Somalia is seeing its fifth year of poor rainfall , Ethiopia its fourth and Kenya its third .
It notes that in Kenya , where the rains would fail once a decade , they now do so every second or third year .
George Malakwen of the Eastern Africa Environmental Network has warned that the impact of climate change on this area will lead to “ people getting out of eastern Africa … .
I do n’t know where they are going to go … this thing is so expansive … eastern Africa is not going to be hospitable to human beings . ”
Africa has also been hit by the economic crisis .
“ Oxfam analysis shows that government budgets in Sub -Saharan Africa will be $ 70 bn ( £ 43 bn ) worse off this year as a result of the crisis , ” Phil Bloomer of Oxfam recently wrote in the London Independent .
“ The G20 has delivered less than half of the £ 30bn it promised poor countries at the London summit ….
President Obama made a commitment in July that G20 finance ministers would come up with a funding package to help poor countries cope with climate change .
Yet when the ministers met in London earlier this month , the subject merited only a single line in the communiqué . ”
The author also recommends :
UN reports 1 billion of the world ’s people going hungry
[ 18 September 2009 ]
Wi -Fi : probably every Mashable reader has used it , most of us way too much .
Most of the time you can grab it on - the - go or on your mobile phone .
But for years there 's one place where you could n't access it : in the sky .
That is , until recently .
A wave of airlines , including Virgin America , Delta , United , and Southwest Airlines , have added options for wireless Internet access on their planes in the last few years .
Apparently , consumers are noticing , and are looking for more .
According to Wakefield Research and the Wi-Fi Alliance , 76 % of frequent fliers would change their airline to have Wi-Fi. 55 % would change their flight by a full day to have it .
And another 71 % of fliers would rather have Wi-Fi access over meal service .
All of this is according to a poll conducted by the two organizations of 480 frequent fliers , so the true numbers may vary a bit .
However , on almost every metric that the Wi-Fi Alliance polled regular travelers on , Wi-Fi was clearly a major decision factor in choosing airlines .
Here are some more numbers :
- 94 % agree with the statement that in - flight Wi -Fi is " the best thing airlines have done " in the last three years .
- 50 % of business travelers take red - eye flights so they are " reachable " during business hours .
- 82 % said Wi -Fi would help solve this problem
Airlines would be smart to be getting Wi-Fi on their flights , and fast .
Not only is it high in demand , but you can charge for it and turn it into an additional revenue stream .
It 's a win - win for everyone involved .
In what could be merely the first example of a trend that many NFL fans have suspected for the past few years , the Washington Redskins admit that “ thousands ” of general admission tickets were sold in 2008 directly to brokers , who then resold the tickets on the “ secondary market ” ( which of course is a fancy business school term for “ they scalped them ” )
According to the Washington Post , Redskins general counsel David Donovan said that the sales to brokers were discovered earlier this year , as part of an internal audit of the 2008 ticket contracts .
Roughly 15 brokering companies were involved .
Donovan said that the employees responsible for the sales have been disciplined .
“ Somebody in the ticket office was doing something they should n’t have
been doing , and when it was discovered , it was all dealt with , ”
Redskins Senior Vice President Karl Swanson told the Post .
“ If the story is ,
this is a scandal , uncovered by Redskins , verified by the Post , or
whatever , yeah , we ’re telling you : People got tickets who should n’t
have gotten tickets , and they were dealt with . ”
Some Redskins ticket office employees also reportedly were selling tickets directly to fans , via StubHub , at higher than face value .
Though it appears that the behavior was not condoned by the team ( instead , owner Daniel Snyder reportedly was “ livid ” when he learned of the activity ) , the mere fact that it happened will continue to fuel suspicions that other NFL teams are engaged in similar behavior , either deliberately or via rogue employees who are using the secondary market as a way to generate supplemental income .
All too often , we ’ve heard accounts of single - game tickets being sold out the moment that they supposedly became available , with seats simultaneously showing up for sale via the franchise ’s official “ secondary market ” partner .
Our guess is that more and more investigations into such arrangements are coming , and that not every team will be able to show that the sales occurred without the franchise ’s knowledge or involvement .
The Best Gif of the NBA Season by zoner
Another 1,000,000 + Guns Added to American Homes in August
Background Checks On Firearm Sales Up 12 % In August .
Americans buy 1,074,757 + guns in August 2009
Washington , DC –-( AmmoLand.com ) - Data released by the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) reported 1,074,757 checks in August 2009 , a 12.3 percent increase from the 956,872 reported in August 2008 .
So far that is roughly 9,076,205 gun bought this year !
The total is probably more as NICS background checks may cover the purchase of more than one gun at a time .
This latest jump in background checks show that Americans are solidly in - favor of keeping firearms in the hands of law abiding citizens and clearly shows that proponents claiming the USA wants more gun control are blatantly wrong .
Gun Owners Say No to Gun Conrtol with their Wallets
The increased trend of Americans buying firearms at a record pace was once thought to be a one time fluke caused by fears of the new Obama administration expressed lust for more gun control .
But now 10 months in and the wrongly named “ fear buying ” has now become the norm as law abiding US citizen exercise their constitutional right to keep and bear firearms by the millions every month with no sign of slowing down .
The bulk of the buying has been concentrated on the following types of guns or calibers :
Semi Auto Handguns
Revolvers
Ar15s and all variants of the Black Rifle
.50 Caliber
1.17 Guns for Each Person
Conservative estimates of legally owned guns in the USA put the number at 355,029,250 million guns in the USA .
That is 1.17 guns for everyone in the USA and if you listen to the liberal press they are all assault weapons .
God bless anyone who tries to invade the USA …
Crime Rates Falling
The most stunning in all of this is that we have not seen an increase in crime , murder rates have fallen across most of the USA and Americans have shown that they can be trusted with firearms ownership .
This is directly in contrast to what the national media and gun control supporters would have us believe .
Gun owners you are clearly the majority !
With the economy kicking all of us in the rear end , we have to remember that a lot of our conveniences are n't needed .
Â
We have all forgotten that heck , we did n't have cell phones about 10 years ago , we did n't have access to computers 15 - 20 years ago , not like we do today .
Â
How about the convenience of all the fast food restaurants that many of us are always in , what is the point .
Â
Okay , you probably answered , well , its on my way to work , its cheap .
When you think about it , there is a way to keep your spending down in many ways .
Â
Here are a few simple ways to help you cut your costs and get you back to frugal living .
1 ) Â Instead of stopping at a local fast food restaurant , get up a bit earlier and eat some breakfast .
Â
Not only will you save money eating at home , but you can get a few things done before you leave to head to the office , think of some of the things you could get accomplished .
2 ) Â
Do you like that really expensive coffee that you get at a major coffee shop , well , try either a less expensive coffee shop if you can't do with out it , or find a way to make your own at home .
Â
Many are quite simple to make and you can find easy recipes over the internet .
3 ) Do you enjoy the movies ?
Â
Well , instead of going out to the movies , renting or doing a pay - per-view , see what you can find on the internet or borrow from a friend .
Â
There are a lot of great sites that offer free movies and programming .
Â
You can check out one free site it is http://www.hulu.com
4 ) Â Nothing on television , why not do away with cable , satellite , etc. Â
Most of the shows that you love to see , can be found over the internet , instead of paying $ 100 for television another 50 or 60 for internet , get rid of the television service and only have internet .
5 ) Â Cell phones , okay , if you have a phone in your office , a phone at home , why have a cell as well .
Â
If it is very important , if you remember you got a call at the office , no problems there .
Â
Some of the rates on cell phones are quite ridiculous .
Â
If you feel you really need one , look into the pay as you go option , typically you can get about 300 minutes for about 30.00 .
Â
You will be amazed at how far 300 minutes can go .
Â
Basic telephone service can be as low as $ 15.00 a month if you do n't make long distant calls , why have call waiting , phone message service , etc . Â
You can get a little answering machine for about $ 20 . Â
See how low you can go for your home phone .
Or better yet , look into internet phone service .
Â
There are several that only cost $ 30 a year and all you need is a small unit to hook up to your computer , then plug your telephone in .
6 ) Electricity , unplug things that you do n't use often .
Â
If you are like many , you have lamps plugged all over your home , then you rarely use them .
Â
If you are n't using them , unplug them .
Â
When they are plugged in , they still draw electricty even when the switch is off , this will help save you a few dollars a month .
7 ) Â Make quick economical dinners .
Â
If you have a crock pot , put it to use , make soups , pot roasts , etc. Â
These meals can be extended to more than one evening .
Â
If you have a picky family , after dinner , create frozen dinners out of them , they can be grabbed and re-heated quickly in a microwave .
Â
Some picky families will go for this rather than taking it out of the fridge to re-heat the next day or so .
Â
With freezing you gain a little more time out of the meal , a week or longer in most cases .
8 ) Â Need a drink ?
Â
If its warm out and you know you are going to get thirsty , plan ahead , before leaving your house , take a bottle of water with you .
Â
If you are like many , you have a lot of mugs and things in your home that can be used for this .
9 ) Â Grab those coupons , where ever possible , get coupons that work for you and your family .
Â
If you like certain name brands , check out the manufacturer website , you will surprised at how many actually offer coupons .
Â
They are better sometimes , than what you get in the local news paper .
10 ) Â Need to get away from home for a while , find out what free events and things are going on in your local area .
Â
During the summer months there are a lot of communities that have movies in the park .
Â
They are usually older films but hey , they are free , you can take a blanket , some popcorn and enjoy a night under the stars .
Â
How about going to a local art gallery .
Â
You can walk through to see what local artist may have to offer .
Â
There are a lot of wonderful artists right under your nose just waiting to be discovered .
See how many ways you can come up with to get back to the basics of frugal living , you may be amazed at what you can come up with .
' I just ca n't take it any more ' ...
Gaddafi's translator ' collapsed with exhaustion ' during his UN rant
Colonel Gaddafi's bizarre rant at the UN was met with yawns and disbelief by delegates .
But it was too much for the eccentric Libyan leader 's translator who is said to have collapsed with exhaustion during the lengthy diatribe .
The beleaguered interpreter cried ' I just ca n’t take it any more , ' into a live microphone in Arabic after 75 minutes of Gaddafi 's ramblings .
He was replaced by the UN ’s Arabic section chief , Rasha Ajalyaqeen , who translated the final 20 minutes of the speech .
Rant :
An interpreter translating Colonel Gaddafi 's rambling speech at the UN is said to have collapsed with exhaustion
' His interpreter just collapsed – this is the first time I have seen this in 25 years , ' a UN Arabic interpreter told The New York Post .
Gaddafi broke protocol and brought his own interpreters from Tripoli for Wednesday ’s speech rather than using one of the 25 Arabic translators supplied by the United Nations , staff interpreters said .
Before his one hour and 36 minute long speech he told the U.N. that he was supplying his own French and English interpreters because he would be speaking a special dialect only they would understand , but staff interpreters said he actually spoke standard Arabic .
' This is the best team in the world – most heads of state prefer to use U.N. interpreters because then – no matter what happens – they can blame the interpreter , ' another staffer told the paper .
In his rant Gaddafi - who has not visited the UN since he took power in 1969 - read from a yellow folder of handwritten notes and spoke about Israel , the Taliban , swine flu and the US invasion of Grenada .
He also suggested the Security Council be renamed the ' terror council ' castigating it for failing to stop 65 wars since 1945 .
Another Arabic interpreter emphasised with the translator 's exasperation .
' He ’s not exactly the most lucid speaker .
' It ’s not just that what he ’s saying is illogical , but the way he ’s saying it is bizarre .
However , I think I could have made him sound a lot better . '
UN speakers are supposed to limit themselves to 15 minutes and the chamber was half empty by the time Gaddafi finished .
His speech was n't as long as Fidel Castro 's in 1960 which went on for four and a half hours .
Indian politician VK Krishna Menon also went on in 1957 when he talked for a nearly eight hours on Kashmir .
The Pentagon waded into partisan warfare waters Thursday , a day after a Republican lawmaker claimed that the Secretary of Defense had privately griped to him about Obama ’s plans for Afghanistan , according to a Capitol Hill newspaper .
Roll Call ‘s John Stanton reports , “ A Pentagon spokesman disputed claims by House Armed Services ranking member Howard McKeon ( R - Calif . ) that Defense Secretary Robert Gates told him in July that President Barack Obama was not inclined to send additional troops to Afghanistan . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Spokesman Geoff Morrell also disputed McKeon ’s claim that Obama told him he had directed Gens .
David Petraeus and Stanley McChrystal to ‘ scrub ’ a pending troop request during the July conversation , which he said took place while the two were traveling to Afghanistan , ” the article adds .
The defense secretary said Obama had told the generals to “ scrub everything , to make sure they did n’t ask for more than they needed , ” McKeon said .
But McKeon said that when he asked McChrystal whether that sent “ a chilling message ” that he should ask for fewer troops than he thought he needed , the general replied “ No , I ’m honor - bound to ask for what I need . ”
Although , Morrell noted that “ he had not yet discussed the issue with Gates , ” he told Roll Call “ Thursday that he does n’t believe Gates would have made those statements . ”
“ I do not believe Secretary Gates would have said something of that nature to Rep. McKeon , ” Morrell said .
“ It just does n’t make sense because neither the secretary nor the president has begun to consider additional forces for Afghanistan .
Their focus right now is on reviewing the strategy .
Once that process is complete , they will consider what resources are necessary to make it work . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Gates was tapped by former Republican President George W. Bush for the Defense Secretary position to replace the besieged Donald Rumsfeld who abruptly quit after the Democrats took back control of the House in the 2006 elections .
Obama retained Gates as his Defense Secretary after winning the 2008 presidency .
( with AFP report )
DETROIT -- Chrysler Group LLC
Deputy Chief Executive Jim Press appears to have fallen victim to the same financial crisis that pushed the auto maker into bankruptcy earlier this year , according to documents filed in a Michigan county court .
Mr. Press , who was kept on in senior management after Fiat SpA took control of Chrysler in June , owes $ 947,410 in back taxes to the federal government and has defaulted on $ 609,286 he owes Western Federal Credit Union , according to the documents filed in Oakland County .
In a letter last November to the Manhattan Beach , Calif . - based credit union , Mr. Press said he was unable to make two $ 203,000 payments he owed at the time because Chrysler had suspended bonuses and he had been planning to use the money from his bonus for the payments .
" You do n't have to worry about my ability to pay , it 's just a cash flow issue at this time , " Mr. Press wrote in the Nov. 11 , 2008 , letter filed with the court .
" My employment is not in jeopardy , and I still have monthly income to service the note . "
The letter was sent two weeks before the chief executives of the three major U.S. carmakers flew to Washington , D.C. , to ask for emergency funds from Congress .
At that time , Chrysler said it needed $ 7 billion .
On April 30 , the company filed for bankruptcy protection and went through a federally orchestrated bailout , emerging 42 days later under the control of Fiat Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne .
PIG 05049 by Christien Meindertsma recently won the 2009 Index Award in the Play category .
This book looks amazing .
05049 was an actual pig , raised and slaughtered on a commercial farm in the Netherlands .
Rotterdam designer Christien Meindertsma was shocked to discover that she could document 185 products contributed to by the animal .
Meindertsma ’s design includes the publication of her book , PIG 05049 , which charts and pictures each of the products supported by the animal .
The surprise is in the fact that elements of production contributed to by pig farming include not only predictable foodstuffs — pork chops and bacon — but far less expected non -food items : ammunition , train brakes , automobile paint , soap and washing powder , bone china , cigarettes .
The caption on the page reads :
Fatty acids derived from pork bone fat are used as a hardening agent in crayons and also gives them their distinctive smell .
Crayons smell like pig bone fat .
I do n’t think I ’ll use crayons ever again without thinking of that little factoid .
See also I , Pencil .
Nobody knows how to make a pencil and nobody knows where all the parts of a pig go either .
( via design observer )
September 12 , 2009
The last time we heard a squeak from him was on June 3 this year .
The world 's most notorious terrorist outsmarted America by releasing a menacing message as Air Force One touched down on Saudi Arabian soil at the start of Barack Obama 's first and much vaunted Middle East tour .
Even before the new President alighted at Riyadh airport to shake hands with Prince Abdullah , Bin Laden 's words were being aired on TV , radio and the internet across every continent .
Genuine picture : Osama Bin Laden in October 2001
It was yet another propaganda coup for the 52 - year - old Al Qaeda leader .
In the audiotape delivered to the Arab news network Al Jazeera , Bin Laden said that America and her Western allies were sowing seeds of hatred in the Muslim world and deserved dire consequences .
It was the kind of rant we have heard from him before , and the response from British and U.S. intelligence services was equally predictable .
They insisted that the details on the tape , of the President 's visit and other contemporary events , proved that the mastermind of 9/11 , America 's worst ever terrorist atrocity , was still alive - and that the hunt for him must go on .
More ...
The monster who wants to be a martyr : 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is now aiming for execution
Behind all terror attacks against Britain , Bin Laden 's Holy Warrior Bin Laden has always been blamed for orchestrating the horrific attack - in which nearly 3,000 people perished - eight years ago this week .
President George W. Bush made his capture a national priority , infamously promising with a Wild West flourish to take him ' dead or alive ' .
The U.S. State Department offered a reward of $ 50 million for his whereabouts .
The FBI named him one of their ten ' most wanted ' fugitives , telling the public to watch out for a left - handed , grey - bearded gentleman who walks with a stick .
Fake ?
Bin Laden two months later , when he was supposedly dead
Yet this master terrorist remains elusive .
He has escaped the most extensive and expensive man-hunt in history , stretching across Waziristan , the 1,500 miles of mountainous badlands on the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Undeterred , Barack Obama has launched a fresh operation to find him .
Working with the Pakistani Army , elite squads of U.S. and British special forces were sent into Waziristan this summer to ' hunt and kill ' the shadowy figure intelligence officers still call ' the principal target ' of the war on terror .
This new offensive is , of course , based on the premise that the 9/11 terrorist is alive .
After all , there are the plethora of ' Bin Laden tapes ' to prove it .
Yet what if he is n't ?
What if he has been dead for years , and the British and U.S. intelligence services are actually playing a game of double bluff ?
What if everything we have seen or heard of him on video and audio tapes since the early days after 9/11 is a fake - and that he is being kept ' alive ' by the Western allies to stir up support for the war on terror ?
Incredibly , this is the breathtaking theory that is gaining credence among political commentators , respected academics and even terror experts .
Of course , there have been any number of conspiracy theories concerning 9/11 , and it could be this is just another one .
But the weight of opinion now swinging behind the possibility that Bin Laden is dead - and the accumulating evidence that supports it - makes the notion , at the very least , worthy of examination .
The theory first received an airing in the American Spectator magazine earlier this year when former U.S. foreign intelligence officer and senior editor Angelo M. Codevilla , a professor of international relations at Boston University , stated bluntly : ' All the evidence suggests Elvis Presley is more alive today than Osama Bin Laden . '
9/11 : Bin Laden originally insisted in official press statements that he had played no role in the atrocity Prof Codevilla pointed to inconsistencies in the videos and claimed there have been no reputable sightings of Bin Laden for years ( for instance , all interceptions by the West of communications made by the Al Qaeda leader suddenly ceased in late 2001 ) .
Prof Codevilla asserted : ' The video and audio tapes alleged to be Osama 's never convince the impartial observer , ' he asserted .
' The guy just does not look like Osama .
Some videos show him with a Semitic , aquiline nose , while others show him with a shorter , broader one .
Next to that , differences between the colours and styles of his beard are small stuff . '
There are other doubters , too .
Professor Bruce Lawrence , head of Duke University 's religious studies ' department and the foremost Bin Laden expert , argues that the increasingly secular language in the video and audio tapes of Osama ( his earliest ones are littered with references to God and the Prophet Mohammed ) are inconsistent with his strict Islamic religion , Wahhabism .
He notes that , on one video , Bin Laden wears golden rings on his fingers , an adornment banned among Wahhabi followers .
Bin Laden in 1998 ( l ) and , allegedly , in 2002 : Sceptics have pointed to a thicker nose and the ring on his right hand as proof it is an imposter
This week , still more questions have been raised with the publication in America and Britain of a book called Osama Bin Laden : Dead or Alive ?
Written by political analyst and philosopher Professor David Ray Griffin , former emeritus professor at California 's Claremont School of Theology , it is provoking shock waves - for it goes into far more detail about his supposed death and suggests there has been a cover - up by the West .
The book claims that Bin Laden died of kidney failure , or a linked complaint , on December 13 , 2001 , while living in Afghanistan 's Tora Bora mountains close to the border with Waziristan .
His burial took place within 24 hours , in line with Muslim religious rules , and in an unmarked grave , which is a Wahhabi custom .
The author insists that the many Bin Laden tapes made since that date have been concocted by the West to make the world believe Bin Laden is alive .
The purpose ?
To stoke up waning support for the war on terror in Iraq and Afghanistan .
To understand Griffin 's thesis , we must remember the West 's reaction to 9/11 , that fateful sunny September day in 2001 .
Within a month , on Sunday , October 7 , the U.S. and Britain launched massive retaliatory air strikes in the Tora Bora region where they said ' prime suspect '
Bin Laden was living ' as a guest of Afghanistan ' .
This military offensive ignored the fact that Bin Laden had already insisted four times in official Al Qaeda statements made to the Arab press that he played no role in 9/11 .
Indeed , on the fourth occasion , on September 28 and a fortnight after the atrocity , he declared emphatically : ' I have already said I am not involved .
As a Muslim , I try my best to avoid telling a lie .
I had no knowledge ... nor do I consider the killing of innocent women , children and other humans as an appreciable act . '
Within hours of the October 7 strikes by the U.S. on Tora Bora , Bin Laden made his first ever appearance on video tape .
Dressed in Army fatigues , and with an Islamic head - dress , he had an assault rifle propped behind him in a broadly lit mountain hideout .
Significantly , he looked pale and gaunt .
Although he called President George W. Bush ' head of the infidels ' and poured scorn on the U.S. , he once again rejected responsibility for 9/11 .
' America was hit by God in one of its softest spots .
America is full of fear , from its north to its south , from its west to its east .
Thank God for that . '
Then came a second videotape on November 3 , 2001 .
Once again , an ailing Bin Laden lashed out at the United States .
He urged true Muslims to celebrate the attacks - but did not at any time acknowledge he had been involved in the atrocity .
And then there was silence until December 13 , 2001 - the date Griffin claims Bin Laden died .
That very day , the U.S. Government released a new video of the terror chief .
In this tape , Bin Laden contradicted all his previous denials , and suddenly admitted to his involvement in the atrocity of 9/11 .
The tape had reportedly been found by U.S. troops in a private home in Jalalabad , Afghanistan , after anti-Taliban forces took over the city .
A label attached to it claimed that it had been made on November 9 , 2001 .
Bush made Bin Laden 's capture a national priority , claiming he could get his man - dead or alive
The tape shows Bin Laden talking with a visiting sheik .
In it , he clearly states that he not only knew about the 9/11 atrocities in advance , but had planned every detail personally .
What manna for the Western authorities !
This put the terrorist back in the frame over 9/11 .
The Washington Post quoted U.S. officials saying that the video ' offers the most convincing evidence of a connection between Bin Laden and the September 11 attacks ' .
A euphoric President Bush added : ' For those who see this tape , they realise that not only is he guilty of incredible murder , but he has no conscience and no soul . '
In London , Downing Street said that the video was ' conclusive proof of his involvement ' .
The then Foreign Secretary , Jack Straw , added : ' There is no doubt it is the real thing .
People can see Bin Laden there , making those utterly chilling words of admission about his guilt for organising the atrocities of September 11 . '
Yet Professor Griffin claims this ' confessional ' video provokes more questions than answers .
For a start , the Bin Laden in this vital film testimony looks different .
He is a weighty man with a black beard , not a grey one .
His pale skin had suddenly become darker , and he had a different shaped nose .
His artistic hands with slender fingers had transformed into those of a pugilist .
He looked in exceedingly good health .
Furthermore , Bin Laden can be seen writing a note with his right hand , although he is left - handed .
Bizarrely , too , he makes statements about 9/11 which Griffin claims would never have come from the mouth of the real Bin Laden - a man with a civil engineering degree who had made his fortune ( before moving into terrorism ) from building construction in the Middle East .
For example , the Al Qaeda leader trumpets that far more people died in 9/11 than he had expected .
He goes on : ' Due to my experience in this field , I was thinking that the explosion from the gas in the plane would melt the iron structure of the building and collapse the area where the plane hit and all the floors above it only .
That is all we had hoped for . '
( In reality the Twin Towers ' completely fell down ) .
The words of the true Bin Laden ?
No , says Griffin , because of the obvious mistakes .
' Given his experience as a contractor , he would have known the Twin Towers were framed with steel , not iron , ' he says .
' He would also known that steel and iron do not begin to melt until they reach 2,800 deg F .
Yet a building fire fed by jet fuel is a hydrocarbon fire , and could not have reached above 1,800 deg F. '
Griffin , in his explosive book , says this tape is fake , and he goes further .
' A reason to suspect that all of the post - 2001 Bin Laden tapes are fabrications is that they often appeared at times that boosted the Bush presidency or supported a claim by its chief ' war on terror ' ally , British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
' The confession tape came exactly when Bush and Blair had failed to prove Bin Laden 's responsibility for 9/11 and both men were trying to win international public support , particularly in the Islamic world , for the anti-terrorist campaign . '
Griffin suggests that Western governments used highly sophisticated , special effects film technology to morph together images and vocal recordings of Bin Laden .
So if they are fakes , why has Al Qaeda kept quiet about it ?
And what exactly happened to the real Bin Laden ?
The answer to the first question may be that the amorphous terrorist organisation is happy to wage its own propaganda battle in the face of waning support - and goes along with the myth that its charismatic figurehead is still alive to encourage recruitment to its cause .
As for the matter of what happened to him , hints of Bin Laden 's kidney failure , or that he might be dead , first appeared on January 19 , 2002 , four months after 9/11 .
This was when Pakistan 's President Pervez Musharraf told America 's news show CNN : ' I think now , frankly , he is dead for the reason he is a kidney patient .
The images of him show he is extremely weak . '
In his book , Professor Griffin also endorses this theory .
He says Bin Laden was treated for a urinary infection , often linked to kidney disease , at the American Hospital in Dubai in July 2001 , two months before 9/11 .
At the same time , he ordered a mobile dialysis machine to be delivered to Afghanistan .
How could Bin Laden , on the run in snowy mountain caves , have used the machine that many believe was essential to keep him alive ?
Doctors whom Griffin cites on the subject think it would have been impossible .
He would have needed to stay in one spot with a team of medics , hygienic conditions , and a regular maintenance programme for the dialysis unit itself .
And what of the telling , small news item that broke on December 26 , 2001 in the Egyptian newspaper Al - Wafd ?
It said a prominent official of the Afghan Taliban had announced that Osama Bin Laden had been buried on or about December 13 .
' He suffered serious complications and died a natural , quiet death .
He was buried in Tora Bora , a funeral attended by 30 Al Qaeda fighters , close members of his family and friends from the Taliban .
By the Wahhabi tradition , no mark was left on the grave , ' said the report .
The Taliban official , who was not named , said triumphantly that he had seen Bin Laden 's face in his shroud .
' He looked pale , but calm , relaxed and confident . '
It was Christmas in Washington DC and London and the report hardly got a mention .
Since then , the Bin Laden tapes have emerged with clockwork regularity as billions have been spent and much blood spilt on the hunt for him .
Bin Laden has been the central plank of the West 's ' war on terror ' .
Could it be that , for years , he 's just been smoke and mirrors ?
Excerpted with permission from " Money Players : How Hockey 's Greatest Stars Beat the NHL at Its Own Game , " by Bruce Dowbiggin .
Published by McClelland & Stewart Ltd. , 2003 .
The stone walls of the old courthouse in Kingston , Ontario , shimmer in the summer heat .
Not even the cooling breezes off Lake Ontario can lift the humidity that smothers this former colonial outpost on Canada Day .
On the old cricket grounds in front of the courthouse , people move from one pool of shade to the next as the sun rises to bake the city .
At a restored Victorian home behind the courthouse , early - morning heat radiates from the flagstones of the patio where a lonely figure contentedly puffs his pipe .
Gilles Léger is the director of pro scouting for the New York Rangers , and on this most unhockeylike of days he's on an errand from his boss , Rangers general manager Glen Sather .
Léger was here the previous night , and , after a few hours ' sleep at the neighbouring Hochelaga Inn , he has come back to play the waiting game .
It 's been a week since Robin Big Snake and his family returned home from Toronto , dreams of glory set aside for the time being .
Much of the NHL has trooped off to rest exhausted bones and frayed nerves , but Léger is eager to restore the Rangers to the playoffs for the first time in many years .
Rangers fans and the voracious maw of the New York media demand action from Sather , who arrived in Manhattan with much fanfare in June 2000 .
Two years after tackling the GM 's post , Sather has seen his glory stolen by the Rangers ' cross- river rivals , the New Jersey Devils , and the revived Islanders out Nassau County way .
High - profile trades for Eric Lindros and Pavel Bure have fizzled .
Anything less than a playoff appearance in the spring of 2003 and Sather will be considered a failure in the flash - frozen world of New York opinion .
Like Sather , the unassuming Léger has been around hockey most of his life .
If there 's a sense of urgency in the balding super - scout , it 's impossible to detect as the sun climbs above the trees .
This year , Canada 's birthday also happens to be Independence Day for the NHL 's unrestricted free agents , and Léger is patiently awaiting the opportunity to tell Bobby Holik , Tony Amonte , and Mike Richter why they should be wearing the blue , white , and red of the Rangers next fall .
Léger will not speak directly to these unrestricted free agents .
He 'll address their agent , Mike Gillis , the former Boston Bruins and Colorado Rockies player who lives in this perfectly appointed heritage home .
Gillis is upstairs in pyjama bottoms and T - shirt , drinking coffee and checking voice mail in the un-air - conditioned room that serves as his office .
While other agents work from lavish suites , served by squads of assistants , Gillis works alone in the spare room of his family home at an antique wooden dinner table .
His tools are basic : laptop , cellphone , office phone , fax machine .
The decor is restrained as well ; there are no photos of Gillis grinning beside clients such as Holik , Bure , or Pavol Demitra , no scintillating action shots of Amonte , Mathieu Dandenault , or Markus Naslund .
There are rustic paintings of Quebec winter scenes on the walls , and wine catalogues and notebooks piled about the floor .
The only concession to his trade is a neat stack of NHL jerseys on an heirloom chair by the door .
From the whirr of the oscillating fan in the corner , you'd be hard pressed to identify this as the lair of a man who wrote $ 39,450,000 ( all figures in U.S. dollars ) in NHL contracts in 2001 - 02 .
The frugality of Gillis 's operation draws a crack this morning from Islanders GM Mike Milbury , once Gillis 's teammate in Boston .
" He just left a message , " smiles Gillis from behind the desk .
" He says , ' You 're such a cheap ( skate ) to not even have someone answer your phone .
Call me !' "
Milbury 's profane , mocking malevolence is typical in the macho world of hockey , and while Gillis is hardly a jock type any more , the boyish banter of the dressing room still brings a smile to his usually impassive face .
Gillis has reasons to smile today -- millions of them .
The forty - four - year - old player - turned - lawyer has been looking forward to his clients ' becoming unrestricted free agents under the terms of the NHL 's collective bargaining agreement .
As of today , they are free to reap the kind of salaries that make NHL management figures weep and ordinary people shake their heads .
Gillis , who sold his business to Assante Corporation , a financial - management company , in 2000 and now works under their banner , was up till three in the morning , handling phone calls and awaiting offers from teams eager to bid on Holik , Amonte , and Richter .
There were no early bids , and now Gillis has awoken to scan the morning market for hockey stars .
Adam Oates , he notes , is a surprise early signing .
The veteran centre inked a two - year deal at $ 3.5 million a season with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim just after midnight .
A brilliant set - up man with more than 1,000 career assists , Oates has been recruited to feed passes to superstar Paul Kariya , who 's been languishing in mediocrity with the Disney - owned team .
To get Oates at the trade deadline , the Philadelphia Flyers had sacrificed goalie prospect Maxime Ouellet and two first - round draft picks to Washington .
But after being eliminated in round one of the 2002 playoffs , the Flyers have let Oates walk to the West Coast for nothing .
This leads many to wonder what Bobby Clarke , the Flyers GM , has to do to get fired .
The salary the Ducks have agreed to pay the forty - year - old centre has Gillis licking his chops .
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has again promised restraint and sobriety in bidding for unrestricted free agents this summer , but Gillis knows that local market forces will cause many owners once more to ignore Bettman 's call .
He knows that a flood of platitudes and outright bribes from desperate teams will flow to his clients this day .
And he knows that Léger , a former NHL GM , is not waiting on his patio to work on a tan .
As he sips coffee , Gillis learns that the Rangers have offered the first blandishment of the day .
At the homes of Holik , Amonte , and Richter , delivery companies have brought crystal Tiffany apples and DVD players loaded with a " welcome to New York " message from Big Apple luminaries such as David Letterman .
Meanwhile , Dallas owner Tom Hicks ( the man who signed Alex Rodriguez to a stunning $ 252 - million contract to play shortstop for his Texas Rangers baseball team ) is loading Stars general manager Doug Armstrong , special assistant Guy Carbonneau , and head coach Rick Wilson into a Gulfstream 5 jet to hop across the continent for visits with their free - agent targets , reportedly including Holik and Amonte .
It all augurs well .
But Gillis is in no hurry to finalize a contract before lunch .
" We 've got to let everybody get in there and throw punches , " he says .
" First you create a market , get a few offers on the table .
Then you stand back and let them fight it out . "
There have been accusations from Amonte 's old boss , Chicago 's crusty owner Bill Wirtz , that the entire contract process with his soon - to - be - ex - captain has been orchestrated in advance by Gillis .
Wirtz , once the powerful chairman of the NHL's Board of Governors , claims that Amonte will sign for $ 7.5 million a season with the Stars and that people are fooling themselves if they think otherwise .
Gillis bridles at this impugning of his professional integrity .
" Bill Wirtz is full of ( explitive ) .
He had every opportunity to sign his captain to a fair contract , and now that he 's losing him , he 's trying to blame others .
I ca n't stand that stuff . "
Perhaps Wirtz , one of America 's richest men , feels he can intimidate Gillis , or at least salvage some credibility with his season - ticket holders , who 've watched the Blackhawks become a bad joke under his stewardship .
If Wirtz does try to bully Gillis , it 's likely to be a futile move .
Despite a six - year career in the NHL , Gillis is no sentimentalist .
His role as an agent is not the culmination of a boyhood fantasy or some thwarted dream of athletic glory .
He 's not in the profession to hobnob with his old pals from his playing days .
He often counsels his clients on how to maximize their talents -- and paycheques -- at the NHL level : " Sometimes you have to take a step back or sideways to get them to understand their own game , " he says .
A man whose clientele is almost completely made up of players disaffected with their previous representation , Gillis has orchestrated celebrated trades for Pavel Bure to Florida and then to the Rangers in the glare of public criticism .
He has traded barbs and epithets with the toughest GMs -- some of them former teammates or opponents .
He states his goal succinctly : " Maximizing compensation is the first and foremost part of my job . "
If Gillis 's career were a movie , it would be Unforgiven .
" The agent business is full of guys with ( guts ) , " says one high - ranking NHL management figure .
" But Mike Gillis has the ( most guts ) of all . "
You can probably thank his former agent and union leader , Alan Eagleson , for Gillis 's intransigence .
Eagleson and Marvin Goldblatt , the accountant at Eagleson 's Sports Management company , handled every aspect of Gillis 's career from the time he was drafted out of Kingston of the Ontario Hockey League by the Colorado Rockies in 1978 .
Gillis paid Eagleson 's standard 10 percent for contracts and financial management .
When Gillis 's father died , Goldblatt said he became " a surrogate father , " advising and supporting him .
His injury - plagued career ended in Boston on September 22 , 1984 , when he fractured his right ankle in a scrimmage .
After doctors told him he would never play in the NHL again , Gillis decided to retire and collect the $ 275,000 ( U.S. ) in NHL and NHLPA disability insurance to which he was entitled .
He intended to use the money to help finance his legal education at Queen 's University in Kingston .
But Goldblatt informed him there were problems with the claim : the insurers were balking at paying the settlement .
Gillis was devastated .
Eagleson eventually told him he would need to employ legal and accounting help to pressure the insurers ( who also happened to be Eagleson 's friends and the guarantors of the mortgage on his flat in London , England ) .
The NHLPA boss bragged he would bring in another pal , Supreme Court Justice John Sopinka , to help obtain the money .
Eventually Gillis was informed that Eagleson had been successful .
For a fee of $ 41,250 , Gillis would receive his payout .
Though unhappy to have to pay for what he felt was rightfully his , Gillis accepted the deal and moved on .
There it might have rested if not for the work of groundbreaking journalist Russ Conway of the Lawrence Eagle Tribune , a newspaper in the Boston area .
Conway had learned that many former Eagleson clients , including Pat Quinn , Dale Tallon , André Savard , Bill White , and Willie Huber , had been charged questionable fees by their agent and union leader to process disputed claims .
Conway contacted Gillis to find out about his experience .
The young law student rejected Conway 's allegations about Eagleson and Goldblatt , whom he trusted implicitly .
He and his wife , Diane , wanted to put the incident behind them and get on with their life in Kingston .
When Conway 's research was picked up by the Globe and Mail in 1994 , however , the Gillises decided to look into their old files in the basement .
What they found shocked them .
The $ 41,250 in " legal and accounting " payments had in fact gone to Kingsmar Holdings , one of Eagleson 's companies , not to outside experts in the U.K. and the U.S. Worse , it appeared that the fees were unjustified .
Gillis 's insurance comprised three separate claims and , according to the contract , acceptance of one meant that all three claims were valid .
Stung by this betrayal , Gillis launched a legal action , suing to recover the amount skimmed by his former mentor and agent , who by now was under investigation by the FBI and the RCMP .
Eagleson countersued Gillis for $ 244,000 , hoping that the prospect of a hefty legal bill would scare off his former protegé .
Eagleson discovered what Bill Wirtz was now learning on the Amonte file : Mike Gillis has a stubborn streak .
Gillis engaged the services of Charles Scott , Q.C. , a star litigator at Tory Tory Deslauriers and Binnington , the firm where Gillis had articled .
Scott , who has represented everyone from the big banks to Harold Ballard 's daughter , is not a man to be trifled with in a courtroom .
Undaunted by Scott 's reputation , Eagleson refused a settlement and pushed his countersuit .
A trial began in Toronto in September 1996 before Justice Joseph O'Brien .
The high - powered Eagleson , pal of prime ministers and captains of business , intended to face down a young man who could lose everything should the decision go against him .
At issue was Eagleson 's credibility .
Documents showed that Gillis 's claim had already been approved by insurers when Eagleson told him he needed legal help .
Although there was no evidence of billing during that time , Eagleson insisted he 'd verbally warned Gillis that " the meter was running " on his services long before the claims were green - lighted .
Eagleson 's evidence rested largely on pencilled - in Daytimers , the testimony of cronies , and the intimation that Gillis was simply a malingerer who tried to take the disability money under false pretenses .
If the trial had a pivotal moment , it grew out of a February 13 , 1984 , appointment Gillis had had with Dr. Charles Bull , a friend of Eagleson 's for forty years and one of the physicians who confirmed Gillis 's medical disability for insurers .
Bull testified he remembered an early - morning appointment and that Gillis had then gone on to Eagleson 's office where , Eagleson claimed , he 'd warned Gillis about his mounting legal bill .
But Gillis and his wife contradicted Bull 's testimony .
She recalled they 'd timed the doctor 's visit to coincide with the sleeping times of their seven - month - old son , Max .
The boy , Diane Gillis testified , had been cranky that morning , and she 'd been embarrassed by the ruckus he was creating in the waiting room .
When Mike 's forty - minute exam ended , she told the court , they 'd gone straight to her mother 's Toronto home to settle her son , not to Eagleson 's office .
She told her husband he " was on duty " with Max the rest of the day .
This , noted Judge O'Brien , was " more than mere differing recollections . "
But whom to believe ?
In the conflicting testimony , it was the evidence of a young mother trying to cope with a fractious son that stuck with Judge O'Brien .
" I find Diane 's evidence on this point vivid and persuasive , " he said .
On this key recollection , O'Brien believed the former player , not his glib former agent and union boss .
Indeed , O'Brien thought little of Eagleson 's evidence and behaviour .
Eagleson at one point admitted lying to Gillis about getting Sopinka 's help while dissembling to the insurers about the amount of the claims .
In his finding , the silver - haired judge observed that Eagleson had demonstrated " an ability to mislead and lie with documents in his testimony .
...
I concluded cross-examination of Eagleson demonstrated he was attempting to mislead the court and he had also attempted to mislead Gillis . "
O'Brien also witnessed the famous hat dance seen by so many players who'd been denied help by their union leader .
While acknowledging the work Eagleson did put in getting the claim approved , O'Brien said Eagleson " never gave Gillis any details of what he was doing nor did he explain in what capacity he was working .
...
Eagleson was wearing a number of ' hats ' at the time -- acting as director of the NHLPA , player agent , lawyer and friend / advisor .
There was a great deal of cross - over activity in connection with all these roles . "
As for Goldblatt 's performance , O'Brien " found his alleged lack of recollection astounding . "
The judge awarded Gillis the $ 41,250 his former agent had skimmed , plus interest , plus $ 30,000 in punitive damages .
Eagleson was also ordered to pay $ 446,000 in legal costs .
Eagleson disputed the legal bill , but Judge O'Brien pointed out that it was his own " laboriously calculated " counterclaim that had lengthened the trial and increased the court fees .
As Charles Scott succinctly put it , " Because Eagleson was so greedy trying to screw Michael out of $ 41,250 , it cost him $ 520,000 . "
Gillis took little satisfaction in bringing Eagleson to ground ( it was the only time the former NHLPA director ever gave evidence on the stand in the seven years between the start of the FBI 's investigation and his pleading guilty to six criminal charges in 1997 ) .
He had lost the mentorship of Eagleson and the deep personal friendship with Goldblatt .
He 'd also risked his financial future to expose Eagleson as a liar and a cheat .
But few in the hockey world bothered to attend the trial or stand behind him in his moment of need .
Both in and out of court , Gillis had to listen to intimations that he was a shirker , a quitter .
Moreover , NHL establishment figures such as Serge Savard were suggested as possible witnesses for the disgraced Eagleson .
Had Gillis 's mistrust of the NHL power structure not been solidified by the unhappy end to his playing career , it was carved in stone by his emotionally draining , three - year legal ordeal with Eagleson and the deception of his friend Goldblatt .
There 's no hazy nostalgia , no cozy chumminess , no " for the good of the game " platitudes in Mike Gillis .
Not for the first time , the NHL had created its own worst adversary .
In Gillis 's view , Bill Wirtz was a part of that recidivist hockey culture when he suggested Gillis was breaking the collective bargaining rules by arranging Amonte 's signing in advance -- the old bully - boy tactics .
After Wirtz 's blast , one thing was clear : none of Gillis 's prize clients was going to end up in the livery of the Blackhawks .
One of the first calls Gillis receives on Canada Day morning is from client Bobby Holik , at home in New Jersey .
After twelve years of being told where to play , the bruising centre will finally call the shots this day .
Informed that no offers have materialized so far , Holik is philosophical .
" I took a risk that I would n't have a good season or that I might get hurt .
Why should n't I wait a little longer ? " he says by phone .
" I 'm a believer in happy family , happy player .
And happy player , happy team .
So if my family is happy with this deal , it will be good for everyone . "
Holik has been resisting the overtures of Devils GM Lou Lamoriello for months now ( Lamoriello had made an offer of $ 8 million a year the previous day ) , and he 's prepared to wait one day more to hear what value other teams put on his services .
" He tried to come to me in February to talk about a deal , " Holik says , " but I said , ' This is when I 'm playing hockey .
Talk to Mike . '
I even heard he was trying to get my dad [ legendary Czech star Jaroslav Holik ] involved , but I put an end to that right away . "
Holik , Boston forward Bill Guerin , and Toronto goalie Curtis Joseph are the prized players in this year 's crop of unrestricted free agents .
To some , the notion that Holik ( who had 25 goals and 29 assists in 2001 - 02 for the Devils ) might set a new salary benchmark is an unfathomable mystery and indicative of all that 's wrong with pro sports .
The thirty - one - year - old , six - foot - four , 230 - pound centre is no prized box - office attraction .
He 's not seen in the company of Hollywood starlets or international financiers .
His career scoring totals equal about three of Wayne Gretzky 's best seasons .
He 's a frank interview and a hard worker , but if people wanted to see hard work , they 'd buy tickets to the production line at General Motors .
Yet Holik , Gillis suspects , will be ardently pursued by as many as a dozen NHL clubs , all convinced that the native of Jihlava , Czech Republic , will help them replace Detroit as Stanley Cup champion next June .
Why such keen interest ?
Holik is an implacable , intimidating foe with massive legs and a torso harder than hickory .
He has reduced offensive stars such as Toronto 's Mats Sundin to near catatonia in the playoffs , wearing them down with brute strength and punishing two - handers on the arms , wrists , hands , and stick .
Like most Europeans , Holik rarely fights ; but this does n't mean he 's soft on the opposition .
A night battling him in the slot is like a night in the ring with Lennox Lewis .
Such players have always been a hallmark of winning clubs , going back to meat grinders such as Bert Olmstead , Gary Dornhoefer , and Clark Gillies .
" He battles , he 's not afraid , " says Devils captain Scott Stevens .
" He 's courageous , he uses his size well .
Is there another player in the league like him ?
I do n't think so . "
Most in the NHL agree .
Other teams also like the fact that he has a chip on his shoulder the size of Ellis Island because of his treatment by Lamoriello .
While Stevens , Patrik Elias , Petr Sykora , and Martin Brodeur received much of the credit for the Devils ' two Stanley Cup wins in 1995 and 2000 , it was Holik 's fierce dominance at centre ice that gave his more celebrated teammates the room to manoeuvre .
With Holik as sheriff , they felt secure walking the streets .
Lamoriello admitted as much in the weeks leading up to July 1 .
" I have nothing but the highest admiration for the things Bobby has done for this hockey team .
If I 'm able to put my players on the order of importance , there 's no question I put him on the highest level . "
But subordinating his offence to do the dirty work did not translate into dollars for Holik , who began his NHL career in 1990 with the Hartford Whalers ( now the Carolina Hurricanes ) .
" Lou likes to play the angles , " Holik had explained the previous November .
Seated next to his wife , Renee , and agent Gillis in the lounge of the Plaza Athenee Hotel in Manhattan , wearing wire - rimmed glasses and an open - necked shirt , he recalled the way the club rewarded Stevens and Brodeur with handsome new contracts .
" Lou could have had me [ in the summer of 2001 ] , but I was n't high enough on his priority list .
He had to take care of other people first .
So I 've decided I 'm going to wait and see what happens on July 1 . "
Told Lamoriello had nothing but praise for him , Holik smiled thinly .
" Lou will tell you all sorts of nice things .
He does n't like agents .
He 's been trying to drive a wedge between Mike and me .
I 've been with Mike for ten years , I trust him with everything .
Last year , I did n't have the leverage .
This year I do .
It 's all about the bottom line . "
Adding to Holik 's determination was his salary arbitration in the summer of 2001 .
After hearing for years that his sacrifices for the team would be rewarded , Holik was crestfallen when , during arbitration , the Devils pointed to his modest scoring statistics as a reason to lower his salary request .
" Nobody respects Bobby 's contributions to this team more than me , " Lamoriello remarked later .
" But you ca n't just give the money away . "
Instead of the $ 4.2 million a season Holik was seeking , he was awarded $ 3.5 million .
His teammate Sykora , a flashy Czech who is much less vigilant than Holik defensively , also went through arbitration that summer .
While any hockey student would tell you Holik 's contributions to the Devils were more important , Sykora was awarded roughly the same salary by the arbitrator .
As he sipped a soda water in the Plaza Athenee , Holik recalled that decision .
" It took me a few weeks of talking to Mike to sort things out .
I needed time to absorb everything .
To put it in perspective .
When the season started , I think I 'd done that .
Some of my teammates may have had questions about my commitment , but I think I answered them with my play . "
In fact , Holik 's 54 points -- his best output in four years -- and his four goals in the Devils ' playoff loss to Carolina were eloquent testimony to his clear - minded dedication .
In the heat of July , his earlier estimate of a $ 7 - million salary offer now looked very under market .
Lamoriello 's final offer had matched the $ 8 - million - per - year contract awarded the previous summer to Brodeur , but Gillis had concerns about the deferred portion of the salary .
The great Mario Lemieux had been stung by taking deferred money in Pittsburgh , only to see the club slide into bankruptcy .
Lemieux took ownership of the Penguins to save his millions .
" Who 's going to even own the Devils in ten years ? "
Gillis asked as he sipped a coffee .
" What guarantees does that give Bobby ? "
Holik agreed : " Lou was always trying to mask it , use deferred money .
Mike kept telling him , ' What do n't you get ?
He 's not taking deferred money .
It 's got to be up front . ' "
Gillis 's concerns would be reinforced in early 2003 when the bankruptcy of the Ottawa Senators and Buffalo Sabres would jeopardize the deferred money of former players and employees .
Gillis has changed into shorts and a golf shirt by the time Leafs assistant GM Bill Watters calls .
A team without a Stanley Cup in thirty - five years ( only Chicago has waited longer for another Cup win ) , the Leafs are under the microscope of a pitiless media and passionate fans .
No team is scrutinized more closely , and after another frustrating playoff run ended in a semifinal loss to Carolina -- and a healthy hike in ticket prices --
Watters is under pressure to do something , anything , to get his club over the hump .
With Mats Sundin in his prime and Alex Mogilny matured into a playmaker as well as a sniper , Watters knows the clock is ticking to add a dominant element such as Holik to the mix .
The Leafs are widely regarded by agents as a soft touch in negotiations .
The previous summer they 'd showered $ 3 million a year to bring the laconic Robert Reichel back from Europe ; after 21 goals in the regular season , Reichel scored exactly zero goals in the Leafs ' eighteen 2002 playoff contests .
They also paid indifferent defenceman Anders Eriksson $ 1.5 million to play barely half their games .
Yet their fans are under the impression that the club is cheap and penny - pinching .
The latest Leafs soap opera involves star goalie Curtis Joseph , who has also decided to take the plunge into unrestricted free agency .
Joseph turned down the Leafs ' offer of $ 15 million over two years during the season ( he wanted $ 17 million ) , and a nasty public - relations war ( stirred up by Joseph 's agent , Don Meehan ) was fought in the media .
There were allegations from Joseph 's camp that Pat Quinn , the Toronto coach and GM , had left Joseph to rot on the bench during Canada 's Olympic victory in Salt Lake City , and that the Leafs did n't appreciate their stalwart goalie .
Then Joseph almost refused to shake Quinn's hand at a public ceremony honouring the Canadian Olympic hockey teams at the Air Canada Centre .
After a shaky start in the 2002 post - season , Joseph 's star turn in Toronto 's playoff loss to Carolina preserved his value in the free - agent market .
In the days leading up to July 1 , it looked as if the two sides might be close to a deal to keep the Keswick , Ontario , native in blue and white .
It never happened .
Now , as Joseph becomes a free agent , Watters knows he must make a splash on more than just the goalie front .
He has targeted Holik as Toronto 's top choice of free agents .
Joseph can wait .
( Watters 's confidence in his ability to re-sign Joseph , combined with an undercutting offer from another free - agent goalie , Ed Belfour , will cause a bitter Joseph to abandon a higher offer from Toronto to sign with Detroit the next day . )
Watters , once the most prominent player agent after Eagleson , is calling Gillis from his summer home in Orillia .
After the obligatory small talk , Gillis caresses an offer from the Leafs .
" Uh - huh , " he says , scribbling in his legal notebook .
" That 's $ 38 million ... five years .
Right .
Any room for movement on that ?
What are we talking about here ?
Okay ... I told Bobby we 'd gather these offers and I 'll be talking to him soon . "
Gillis hangs up .
" Thirty - eight over five .
There 's a chance he can bump it to forty .
Now we 're getting a little traction here . "
The phone rings again .
It 's Tony Amonte , calling from his home in Massachusetts .
The Chicago captain is about to meet the Stars ' travelling retinue and wants Gillis 's counsel on how to handle the meeting .
Amonte is a rare commodity in the defensive - minded NHL , averaging 36 goals a year for the past seven seasons .
He 's also virtually indestructible , having played 650 straight regular - season games , a phenomenal streak given the physical pounding of the current game .
For Dallas , which failed to make the playoffs just three years after winning the Stanley Cup , he seems a natural fit .
But the Hawks ' soulless capitulation in the first round of the playoffs against St. Louis ( Amonte had just one assist in five games ) is thought to reflect badly on him .
If holding one bad week against a player seems unfair , welcome to the NHL , where " what have you done for me lately ? " is gospel .
While Holik 's value has soared in the past year , Amonte 's has levelled off .
His seasonal statistics have declined in the past few years .
After torturous negotiations that included everyone from Hawks GM Mike Smith through team president Bob Pulford right up to owner Wirtz , Chicago 's final offer to Amonte was $ 5.4 million a year .
Gillis estimates Amonte 's free - agent value at $ 7.5 million .
Placing Amonte with Chicago 's division rival Dallas would be sweet revenge , but there have been hints that the Stars would prefer Boston 's 41 - goal scorer Bill Guerin .
Gillis 's worst nightmare this day is for Guerin to sign with the Stars at less than market value , dragging down Holik 's value and removing a bidder from the Amonte sweepstakes .
Gillis leans back in his chair to counsel Amonte on strategy .
" Here 's what you 'll say , Tony .
' I care about winning .
I 've played 650 straight games .
I can make your team better . '
Do n't be afraid of your accomplishments .
Let them know how you can make them win again .
You 'll be awesome . "
Amonte asks how things are going .
" A little quiet so far , " says Gillis .
" Maybe Gary [ Bettman ] has been urging these guys to wait us out a little .
Listen , New York and Dallas say they may want to package you and Holik .
I told them they might have to pay a premium to do that .
Do n't worry .
Call me . "
Gillis hangs up , presses his voice - mail button .
" You have five new messages ... "
Reporters from Toronto and New York , and someone from Detroit who hopes Gillis might squeeze in a televised interview .
As if .
While Amonte heads off to meet with the Stars in Massachusetts , Canadiens GM André Savard calls from Montreal .
He and Gillis discuss the many millions at play for Holik as if talking about the price of lawn mowers .
For the Habs , still trying to sign their star goalie José Théodore and veteran centre Doug Gilmour , Holik is the type of player who could push them to the top of the Eastern Conference .
Montreal 's a small team that could use his bulk .
But Holik 's price tag for any Canadian franchise outside Toronto is daunting .
Gillis hangs up .
" Too rich for his blood , " he says , crossing Montreal 's name out of his notebook .
Next up is GM Dean Lombardi of San Jose , who is also thought to have some interest in Amonte .
It 's soon clear that the Sharks , who must deal with Teemu Selanne first , are not about to make any firm offers .
So Gillis tries to massage the market for his guys .
" I know what Gary 's saying about the league , but he 's got to realize that there 's a different dynamic at work in each of the markets .
He can't be penalizing large markets who need to do what 's good for them . "
Lombardi makes reassuring noises , but it 's clear the Sharks are not players on this day .
Gillis hangs up with a few choice words about the NHL commissioner and his efforts to restrain market forces .
Asked how the Rangers can justify the numbers it will take to sign Holik , Amonte , and Mike Richter ( who 's waiting for his wife to deliver their third child at any moment ) , Gillis points out that in the cable - TV market in Manhattan there can be as much as a $ 40 - million swing in revenues for the Rangers if they win .
In that context , $ 7 million or $ 8 million a year for a hockey player can be a worthwhile investment .
Though both his phones are jammed with callers by late morning , it 's who 's not calling that Gillis notes .
Detroit , Atlanta , the Rangers , St. Louis -- all thought to be active bidders on free - agent day -- have yet to show their hands .
" Sather 's playing Twister with me , " says Gillis .
Rumour has it that Bettman has imposed a one p.m. moratorium on offers to free - agent players , and the scuttlebutt has some agents getting antsy .
Of course , if rumours were wheels , everyone in the NHL would be a bus .
The latest rumour has Washington signing centre Robert Lang at $ 5 million a year for five years to bolster the spirits of ex-Pittsburgh buddy Jaromir Jagr .
Depending on whom you talk to , this is either pure fabrication or a done deal ( it turns out to be the latter ) .
Such a financial commitment to an 18 - goal scorer seems like good news for all free agents .
Gillis heads down to the kitchen for a quick lunch .
By the time he 's back in his office , Amonte has returned from meeting the Dallas brass .
Things went well with Hicks , Armstrong , and Carbonneau , who are now off to see Bill Guerin ( he lives near Amonte in Massachusetts ) .
Dallas GM Armstrong ( son of former NHL linesman Neil Armstrong ) will call back at one - thirty to present Dallas 's offers for Holik and Amonte .
It will be the pivotal point of the day , Gillis believes .
" We have to get someone out of the box , someone to make an offer , " he tells Amonte soothingly .
" If they give you $ 7.5 for five , do you want it ?
Okay ... "
Gillis heads downstairs to meet , finally , with Gilles Léger , who will outline the Rangers ' offers for Holik , Amonte , and Richter .
The two men know each other well , going back to Gillis 's days in the Ontario Hockey League .
Sather will be the closer on any deals , but Léger is the trusted emissary .
Gillis knows that Sather wants Holik for several very local reasons : he craves Holik 's Messier - like toughness for the Rangers ( who now ironically include the aging Messier himself ) ; he does n't want his players facing Holik in a Devils uniform six times a season ; and he'd score a public - relations coup against the tristate rivals from New Jersey .
Then there 's the Dolan factor .
Since Jim Dolan 's firm Cablevision acquired the Rangers , the chief executive has become " very , very , very , very involved " in the running of the Rangers , says former general manager Neil Smith .
" Cablevision believes if every company has one CEO , we should have ten . "
That philosophy extends to hockey players , too , says Smith .
While he tried to rebuild an aging 1994 Stanley Cup team with younger players , Smith says , Dolan was obsessed with the latest veteran free agents , whether they fit the Rangers or not .
When winger Theo Fleury -- who 'd already been in rehab for substance - abuse problems -- became a free agent in the summer of 1999 , Dolan insisted Smith fly west to get him .
" He told me I had to come back with him , " says Smith .
" If I did n't , I was through . "
When Smith questioned the advisability of signing the emotionally volatile Fleury , Dolan replied , " It 's my money . "
Fleury was signed , but subsequently checked into another rehab centre ; Smith was fired and replaced by Sather .
Clearly , Dolan has been telling Sather that he wants Holik on his team in 2002 - 03 .
But Holik wants to play with a winning club .
The Rangers , having missed the playoffs five years in a row before 2003 , will have to pay a generous premium to persuade him to help Eric Lindros , Pavel Bure , and Brian Leetch revive their underachieving team .
The Rangers will have to top offers from Toronto , New Jersey , Dallas , and perhaps other teams , by a considerable margin to land him .
At one - thirty , Dallas 's Armstrong phones back as promised .
Gillis 's pen is poised above a legal notebook , ready for what he hopes will be benchmark offers from a team with deep pockets .
He can use the Dallas offers to lever the other Holik and Amonte bidders .
No such luck .
Dallas is offering Holik $ 6.5 million a year for four years , Amonte $ 5.5 million for four .
Their current teams have already offered more .
Gillis 's thick shoulders sag , but his voice does n't betray disappointment .
" I do n't think that 's going to get it done with either guy , " Gillis tells Armstrong .
Indeed , the Stars will sign Guerin much later in the day for five years at $ 9 million per , and remain non-players in bidding for both Holik and Amonte .
And so the stalemate drags on through the afternoon .
Gillis 's only consolation , amid a steady stream of calls from reporters , friends , and contacts , is that no one else is getting much business done either .
By dinnertime , Detroit -- the big spender the previous summer , when it signed or traded for Dominik Hasek , Brett Hull , Luc Robitaille , and Fredrik Olausson -- surfaces with its offer for Curtis Joseph .
The Wings want him to replace the retiring Hasek , but they appear to be coming in below Toronto 's offer .
Gillis senses that something is happening behind the scenes in Toronto , but it wo n't become official till the next day that the Leafs goaltending star has severed ties with the club .
( Insiders will say that the problems in the Joseph case lie in communication ; they believe GM Pat Quinn , who 's in Vancouver losing weight and treating a heart arrhythmia , is not being told what 's really going on in the top - heavy Toronto organization . )
The Kingston agent can only speculate on whether this is good or bad for Holik .
Gillis phones Holik to brief him and wife Renee on the three offers to date .
Holik has a high - pitched voiced that belies his massive frame , and the Middle European habit of talking from his tonsils .
His questions for Gillis are incisive and , though several clubs have lowballed or made no offers whatsoever , he betrays no anxiety .
" We knew it was not a matter of yes or no , " he will say later .
" We knew it was just , how good is it going to get ?
So I was calm . "
Although Holik would prefer not to move from his home in New Jersey , there 's a feeling that the Leafs will bump their $ 40 - million offer , believing they 'll become a Cup contender with him .
Then there are the Rangers .
" Okay , I 'll talk to you after I speak to Glen , " says Gillis , winding up the call .
By six - fifteen , Gillis has Sather on the phone .
The two men are friendly adversaries with a healthy mutual respect .
There 's no need for flattery ; they both know what 's at stake .
Still , the heat of the day is only now breaking in Kingston , and an urgency has settled in the agent 's office , a desire to get this done .
This is a typical phase in negotiations , when emotions or fatigue can start to dictate a deal .
" Tell me a number , Glen , that I can take to my client . "
Sather 's not prepared to be tied down , and they agree to speak again within the hour .
Gillis calls Holik to tell him he thinks
Sather will make an offer soon .
" What 's it going to take for you to play in New York ? " he asks .
" I think $ 9 million across the board for five years would be good , " says Holik matter - of - factly .
The two men set to work designing a payment schedule : a $ 4 - million signing bonus and $ 2 - million payments to be made on July 1 each year throughout the life of the contract .
They agree they will not ask for personal bonuses or a no - trade clause .
Gillis -- who has negotiated these sorts of deals for Pavel Bure ( who makes $ 10 million a year ) -- reads back the figures .
" Is that what you want ? "
There 's only the slightest pause .
" Yes .
I 'll have no doubt about it if that 's what they offer .
That 's what it will take . "
While Gillis waits for Sather to call back , Gilles Léger pops his head in the door .
He 's on his way back to Toronto , his work done .
There 's a twinkle in his eye .
At this moment in a long , trying day he may be the only one who believes a deal will get done to bring Holik across the river to Madison Square Garden .
As he says goodbye to Léger , Gillis fields a call from Mike Milbury about Amonte .
On the surface , the Islanders look like a good fit for a speedy winger such as Amonte , who could play alongside either Alexei Yashin or Mike Peca .
The Isles also look like a team on the upswing , with new owners and their first playoff appearance in eight seasons .
The big question is whether , leveraged by the contracts of Yashin ( $ 6.4 million plus bonuses ) , Peca ( $ 3.25 million ) , and goalie Chris Osgood ( $ 3.75 million ) , they can find another $ 7 million per for Amonte .
Gillis tells his former teammate , " Tony understands the importance of players twenty - three , twenty - four , twenty - five years old like you have , your centre - ice men , your coach [ Peter Laviolette ] .
He likes your team . "
Milbury and Gillis continue their dance , but there is still no offer from Long Island when they hang up .
Gillis phones Amonte at his home .
" Milbury thinks you 're a perfect fit with the coach and the situation . "
He assures Amonte , who was disappointed by the Stars ' offer , that there will be a market for him .
" At the end of the day , the guys who do n't sign Holik or Guerin are going to come looking for you .
We 're going to get traction on you soon . "
( In fact , it will take another week and a lot of traction before Amonte finds a home with the Phoenix Coyotes at $ 6 million a year for four years . )
It 's almost eight - thirty , and with the first hint of nightfall , firecrackers bang outside Gillis 's window to start the Canada Day celebrations .
Inside , too , the fireworks are about to start .
On the line is Sather .
He outlines the Rangers ' offer : $ 43.75 million for five years , with the signing - bonus schedule outlined by Gillis .
That 's $ 8.75 million a year , an epic contract for Holik .
" Bobby told me he wants $ 9 million , " says Gillis , not missing a beat .
" If you tell me you 'll do that , I wo n't go back to any other teams .
We 'll have a deal . "
On the other end of the line , Sather is the one playing Twister now .
The Rangers GM , a proponent of fiscal sanity when he managed Edmonton , a small market , is now fuelled by the Cablevision money that runs Madison Square Garden .
He asks for a little time , knowing his window of opportunity could close quickly and allow other teams back into the bidding .
Gillis calls Holik again with the latest number .
If the rugged centre is happy , you would n't know it from his voice .
" So what do you want to do ? " asks Gillis .
" I want $ 9 million , " Holik says .
" I think you 're right , " says Gillis .
" I 'll call him back . "
" He definitely wants the $ 9 million , " Gillis tells Sather .
" He 'll take the signing bonus as per your offer .
No no - trade clause .
If that 's all right , you can have him right now . "
Sather asks for a moment .
Gillis smiles as he cups his hand over the receiver .
He has two dozen phone messages waiting , but this game is heating up .
" Glen says Brian Leetch is telling people he 's happy because he wo n't have to play against Bobby any more .
Brian must not know how hard Bobby practises . "
The phone rings : a reporter asking , " Any news ? "
Gillis fobs him off with a few cryptic comments .
The wink while stringing along a media source tells bystanders that Gillis is in his element .
Sather rings back .
It 's a done deal : $ 45 million over five years ; $ 4 million to sign ; $ 2 million on July 1 in 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 .
The rest in salary .
Just one wrinkle : Holik must purchase half a corporate box per game for charitable purposes .
" How much is that , Glen ? " asks Gillis .
Sather says he 'll get a price on the charitable donation .
Gillis wonders how they 'll announce the deal .
" Are you going to call Bobby ?
He wants to know how to handle the press . "
Sather says his staff will take care of the announcement .
It 's nine o'clock .
Gillis has been up since seven that morning , with only a pause for lunch .
Downstairs there 's some special wine for a small celebration with family and friends .
Diane Gillis , once a world - ranked long - jumper for Canada , sticks her head in the office door .
All day she has shepherded their three children to summer camps , friends ' homes , and shopping , keeping the house quiet .
She remembers when Mike was a struggling law student with a bum leg and a crooked agent .
She 's been friends with Bobby and Renee Holik for years , many of them spent in tough hockey towns , battling injury and disappointment .
Perhaps no one besides her husband can better understand the joy , the relief of this day .
" Holik 's done , " Gillis tells her .
" Nine million , five years . "
Diane shakes her head in amazement , exhaling loudly .
" Now you can buy the curtains , " he adds .
Player representatives typically charge anywhere from 1.5 percent for simple contract negotiations up to 10 percent for a full package that includes financial management , promotion , and legal work .
Whatever Gillis 's take on the Holik deal , Diane will be able to afford new curtains .
An hour later , Bobby Holik 's voice comes across the TV , discussing his new deal .
There is the same level tone to Holik 's voice .
This is clearly a cool customer .
Gillis sips a 1989 Château Clinet in his well - appointed kitchen .
As he unwinds from the Holik deal , his ear is cocked to the sports news .
Robert Lang is confirmed at $ 25 million in Washington .
Curtis Joseph is undecided in Toronto .
Bill Guerin looks like he 'll land in Dallas for the $ 45 million also won by Holik .
There 's work to do tomorrow : Tony Amonte and Mike Richter are still unsigned .
" It 's a way different market this year , " he 'd told Richter earlier in the evening .
" It 's like pulling teeth .
Glen 's going to grind the snot out of us . "
Sather does indeed grind Gillis and Richter for three days before the acrobatic goalie re-signs with the Rangers at $ 4 million a year for two years .
The idea is that Richter will split the netminding duties with young phenom Dan Blackburn in order to rest his surgically repaired thirty - six - year - old knees .
( Unfortunately , Richter will suffer a severe concussion in December and miss the rest of the season . )
Amonte , a week later , will sign with Phoenix .
The public will gasp that someone was willing to pay Bobby Holik $ 45 million at a time when Gary Bettman described the NHL as teetering on financial ruin .
Toronto fans , angry not to have landed a marquee free agent , will batter the Leafs for not getting Holik , Guerin , Amonte , or defenceman Darius Kasparaitis ( who signs for seven years at $ 2 million a year with the Rangers ) .
The disbelief at such rich contracts is all the more marked because the NHL had been the sport that traditionally kept a lid on salaries .
While baseball , football , and basketball saw huge salary leaps in the 1960s , 1970s , and 1980s , NHL stars were compensated meagrely in comparison .
As recently as 1990 - 91 , the NHL's top salary was the $ 3 million doled out by Bruce McNall 's Kings to Wayne Gretzky .
Just ten other players , including Mario Lemieux and Brett Hull , made more than a million that season .
By Bobby Holik 's final year in New Jersey , ninety - one players were making $ 3 million or better ; 346 were paid a million or more .
The league 's player payroll had shot from $ 195.2 million in 1991 - 92 to $ 1.1 billion in 2001 - 02 .
And while team revenues had also soared , Bettman moaned to anyone who'd listen that they had n't kept pace with salaries .
How had this happened in the span of ten seasons ?
What caused a modest , anachronistic little business ( " the Albania of pro sports , " as one journalist called the NHL ) to lose fiscal sanity ?
Gary Bettman could be forgiven if , replying to that question , he borrowed a line from the Bard : " But I am fortune 's fool . "
Wall Street Roller Coaster Means Big CEO Paydays
Two credit card CEOs see their stock options jump by more than $ 34 million .
Sept. 2 , 2009  --
Getting investments on the cheap earlier this year is yielding big rewards for Wall Street 's top brass :
Thanks to the rebounding stock market , two credit card company chief executives have seen their compensation jump by more than $ 34 million while 22 other top bank execs also saw rich gains , according to a new report released today .
A study by the Institute for Policy Studies has found that the value of stock options granted in early 2009 to American Express Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault rose by nearly $ 18 million as of mid-August .
Fellow CEO Richard D. Fairbank , of Capital One , saw his stock options grow by $ 16.3 million during the same period .
IPS , a liberal think tank , found that Chenault and Fairbank were among two dozen executives at eight major financial institutions to see their 2009 stock options jump by a total of nearly $ 90 million .
" It 's all pretty outrageous how they stand to turn the crisis into more windfalls , " said Sarah Anderson , an executive pay analyst and one of the authors of the IPS study .
The banking industry defends stock options , or the right to buy stocks at a set price , as an effective way to give executives incentives to focus on the long - term performance of their companies instead of just short - term gains .
Excessive risk - taking by short - sighted bankers is widely viewed as one of the main causes of the current recession .
Most of the stock option packages reviewed by IPS do n't actually allow executives to exercise the options -- buy the stocks -- and sell them for three to five years after they were awarded .
In the past , such waiting periods were often capped at just six months , said Scott Talbott of the Financial Services Roundtable , the trade group that represents the country 's biggest banks .
Today , " it 's not the quick quarter - by - quarter profit that executives benefit from -- it 's the long - term , sustained growth of the company , " Talbott said .
American Express spokeswoman Joanna Lambert said the increase in Chenault 's portfolio reflects AmEx 's rising share price which , she said , " is a good thing for all shareholders . "
The company 's shares reached a low just under $ 10 in March and have since rocketed to over $ 30 .
Capital
One told ABCNews.com in an e-mail that Fairbank 's compensation has been based exclusively on stock awards -- not cash salary , bonuses or retirement contributions -- for the last 11 years .
But critics like Robert Howell say the banks had no business awarding " boatloads of options " in the first place .
Greed or Good Business ?
Financial institutions survived as " a result of federal funds being poured into shore it up , " said Howell , a visiting professor at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College .
" These folks did n't do anything substantial to justify these 80 - or 90 - million dollars in rewards . "
All of the firms reviewed by the IPS have received billions in aid under the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , though at least four -- JPMorgan , Wells Fargo , Capital One and American Express -- have since returned the cash .
This year 's stock " windfall " examined in the IPS report results from the firms awarding of hundreds of thousands of company stock options to top executives when stocks were sinking earlier this year .
Their portfolios skyrocketed in value after stocks rebounded , with share prices on some financial stocks , including American Express and Capital One , shooting up 90 percent or more .
Shares of JPMorgan , Wells Fargo and Sun Trust more than doubled .
Here is a breakdown , according to the IPS report , of the gains top executives at eight major banks saw in their stock options between early 2009 and Aug. 14 of this year :
JPMorgan : $ 20.6 million for four executives Wells Fargo : $ 6.2 milllion for three executives PNC : $ 17.9 million for five executives US Bancorp : $ 1.8 million for three executives SunTrust : $ 7.9 million for three executives Capital One : $ 16.3 million for CEO Richard Fairbank Regions Financial : $ 1.1 million for four executives American Express : $ 18 million for CEO Kenneth Chenault
The chief executive of Comerica , Ralph W. Babb , could also see healthy returns on his stock options -- the firm 's shares rose more than 59 percent as of Aug. 14 .
It has not been disclosed how much Babb received in options earlier this year , the report said .
Howell argues that the banks should n't have started awarding stock options to executives until share prices had at least somewhat recovered .
" The idea of granting all these options at bargain basement prices is just another example of financial services industry greed , " he said .
Wider Gap Between CEOs , Average Workers
The IPS study also found that last year , when the financial crisis reached its peak , financial firm chief executives still outpaced their counterparts in other businesses :
The chief executives of the 20 banks that received the most federal bailout funds had an average compensation of $ 13.8 million last year , 37 percent more than the average pay earned by CEOs at S&P 500 Companies .
The pay gap between CEOs and rank - and - file employees , meanwhile , continues to widen : in 2008 , according to the study , top executives averaged 319 times more in pay than the average American worker , compared to 30 to 40 times in the 1980s .
CEOs at the 20 top bailout banks earned 436 times more .
Average Wall Street workers also bested their government counterparts on compensation : Compliance examiners at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation earned roughly half of the average Wall Street employee 's bonus in 2008 .
Congress has taken some actions to clamp down on compensation , but most of the measures are limited only to firms that have yet to repay the government 's bailout funds .
While the banking industry says compensation caps hurt companies ' ability to attract and retain top talent , Anderson argues the government should do more to limit executive pay .
A return to ' 80s pay levels would be best , she said .
" Top executives are not hundreds of times more efficient or brilliant than they were 25 years ago , " she said .
" It 's the pay system that 's gotten out of control . "
A peculiarity of the building is that it was built using air rights over railroad tracks that terminate several blocks to the north , at Union Station , and so it has no basement .
In addition , the Congress Expressway literally passes through the structure .
The two - story - high tunnel carries six lanes of traffic .
The building is often described as the world ’s largest post office .
At its peak , 5,000 workers processed more than 35 million letters annually , using 10 miles of conveyor belts and 48 elevators .
Every day , more than 125 trains and 6,000 trucks arrived at the facility .
Gradually , however , the building became obsolete as the mail - sorting process was automated .
“ The column spacing and the ceiling height do not work for automated operations , ” Mr. Samra said .
“ Automated operations require a more horizontal building . ”
In 1996 , it was replaced by a much smaller building  500,000 square feet  a block south .
Still , there is considerable nostalgia for the old facility .
“ I miss the grandeur of the lobby , ” said Musette Henley , who worked in the building in a variety of jobs from 1961 until its closing day and is now a customer relations representative in the new facility .
“ They do n’t build buildings like that anymore . ”
The imposing Neoclassical lobby at the north end of the building , which has cream - colored marble walls and an elaborate inlaid marble floor , is certainly a stunner : 340 feet long and 40 feet wide , with a towering 38 - foot ceiling .
Image Rick Levin , president of a local firm that will conduct the auction , acknowledged that in the building 's current state , it represents a significant challenge to developers .
Credit ... William Zbaren for The New York Times
For more than a decade , the Postal Service has been working with Walton Street Capital , a Chicago - based real estate investment firm , to find a new use for the building , with a notable lack of success .
“ There have been many iterations of redevelopment possibilities , and market demand has come and gone , ” said Raphael Dawson , a principal of the firm .
Silhouettes make excellent design elements .
As a silhouette is the most immediately recognisable and identifiable shape of the character , therefore , it is frequently used in print design , fashion design , and other visual media .
Though you can create a silhouette of any subject in Photoshop , however , the more effective and comfortable option is to download from the internet and use in your design .
So , if you plan to take the shorter route , here is a list of free high - quality silhouette sets of a wide range of subjects including animal and human figures .
Take a look at the following to make your pick .
Read Also : 20 Free Icon Sets For Minimalistic Designs
Driven by increased crackdowns on BitTorrent sites such as The Pirate Bay , software pirates are fast - moving their warez to file - hosting Web sites .
Sites such as RapidShare , Megaupload , and Hotfile let anonymous users upload large files such as cracked software for free .
Hyperlinks to the software can then be distributed by pirates via Web sites , instant messages , or social media sites such as Twitter , said Vic DeMarines , vice president of products at anti-piracy software vendor V.I. Labs .
" It 's incredibly easy to use .
And what you get is essentially your own private FTP server , " DeMarines said .
While sites such as RapidShare allow free downloads , they make their money by charging heavy downloaders for premium memberships .
These memberships , such as the 30 - day premium access for 6.99 euros ( about $ 10 US ) at Rapidshare , let users download files immediately and without any caps on bandwidth .
Trade in pirated digital goods , whether it is movies , music or e-books or software , is what drives the popularity and business model of firms like RapidShare .
The site told The New York Times earlier this year that it hosted 10 petabytes of data and up to 3 million downloaders at a time .
The Association of American Publishers estimates that half of the pirated books found by its members were linked to Rapidshare .
" There 's a lot of money being made , " said DeMarines .
" Without hosting pirated goods , I 'm not sure what their revenue model would be . "
According to a recent investigation by V.I. Labs into the availability of pirated software from a sample of 43 vendors , 100 % were on RapidShare .
A spokeswoman for Cham , Switzerland - based Rapidshare declined to comment on the V.I.
Labs report , saying she would need more information .
The site is already among the top 20 most popular in the world , according to Alexa .
Uploads and downloads to Rapidshare account for 5 % of all Internet traffic globally , says German networking vendor Ipoque .
Though Rapidshare has faced lawsuits related to piracy , DeMarines said it and other file - hosting sites are tricky to prosecute because uploaders are not required to register or identify themselves .
Also , Rapidshare tries to distance itself from any knowledge of the pirated goods by not filtering or monitoring the content on its servers .
" For us , everything is just a file , no matter what , " a spokeswoman told The Times in March .
DeMarines said Rapidshare does comply with the Safe Harbor Provisions of the U.S. ' Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) by quickly taking down pirated files when notified by the copyright holders .
The company even grants certain organizations direct access into their service , so that they can go ahead and delete the hyperlinks and pirated files themselves , DeMarines said .
Peer - to - peer networking ( P2P ) does still remain the largest channel for distributing pirated software , movies and other digital content .
Ipoque said it enables between 43 % to 70 % of piracy , depending on the region of the world .
The most popular network remains BitTorrent , which is used by six out of 10 P2P users , V.I. Labs said .
e Donkey is a distant second , with 20 % share , despite hosting almost 900,000 users and 77 million files at any given time .
Once - popular Gnutella is ranked third , with a market - share in the single digits .
But file hosting is growing much faster , Ipoque said , already enabling between 15 % to 35 % of digital piracy , depending on the region of the world .
DeMarines said he expects file - hosting sites to eventually supplant P2P .
" P2P is on its way down .
They 're too visible , and so the copyright organizations are going to take these BitTorrent tracker sites out , " he said .
Other long - running methods for distributing warez are either stagnant or shrinking .
Usenet newsgroups , for instance , have lost popularity due to the large amount of pornography and malware mingled in with the warez , DeMarines said .
Internet Relay Chat ( IRC ) is " not favored " as a way to transmit files , though announcements and links on IRC to warez hosted on file - hosting sites is growing , DeMarines said .
Kalashnikov Maker Files for Bankruptcy
The Court of Arbitration of the Republic of Udmurtia registered a petition in bankruptcy of JSC Izhmash ( Izhevsk Mechanical Works ) , the largest firearms maker in Russia , Interfax reports .
The court hearings to investigate the causes of the petition will be held on October 7 , 2009 .
Kalashnikov Maker Files for Bankruptcy
Izhmash ships firearms to 15 countries of the world .
Based in Izhevsk and founded in 1807 at the decree of Tsar Alexander I , and is now one of the largest corporations in its field .
It makes the famous Kalashnikov series of assault rifle , along with a host of other Russian arms , including medium cannons , missiles , and guided shells .
Izhmash also produces other goods , such as motorcycles and cars .
Their products are currently in use in a wide variety of countries , ranging from well established countries such as the United Kingdom , Germany and France to the developing countries of Asia , Africa and Latin America .
The biathlon rifles include the 7 - 2 , 7-3/7-3A youth / women 's models as well as the 7 - 4 and 7 - 4A men 's model .
They have been used in Europe and the USA .
Izhmash , the pride of the nation ’s defense industry , may prove to be an unprofitable enterprise .
Udmurtia ’s Court of Arbitration will look into the financial documents of the group of enterprises of Izhmash Concern .
If reasons for bankruptcy are unveiled , Russia ’s largest maker of firearms will have to be reorganized .
Bankruptcy proceedings , if they take place , will relieve Izhmash of its debt burden .
It is worthy of note that the production at Molotov Works , a part of Izhmash Concern and the maker of the renowned Kalashnikov assault rifle , was stopped not so long ago , news agencies said .
The production was stopped due to the absence of the state order : the company has no money to pay salaries to employees and return debts to creditors .
For a more recent update on the California Wildfires and Hurricane Jimena , CLICK HERE
Whenever there is a disaster , reporters tend to go back to the old treasure chest of cliches .
In the event of a tornado , one can always expect tired phrases such as “ cars were tossed liked toys ” or perhaps “ homes reduced to kindling ” and naturally , when it comes to people they are always left to “ pick up the pieces of their lives . ”
The UK Telegraph has gotten some inspiration and provides a time - lapse photography photojournalism spread of the fires .
And there are California Wildfire Photo Galleries from many sources .
But , for the most part , the wildfires in California have resulted in journalists revealing their lack of creativity by returning to the attic of adjectives by telling us of the “ tinder dry ” conditions .
I saw an anchorman described “ howling winds ” only to have the reporter on the scene say that there were not windy conditions normally associated with Southern California wildfires .
However , it must be pointed out that local winds will increase around the fires .. perhaps up to 30 mph simply from the fire itself creating the winds .
Well , almost anytime there is a fire in Southern California , saying conditions are “ tinder dry ” would probably be accurate .
See , the area does not get that much rain .
That is why they write songs that say things like it “ seems it never rains in Southern California . ”
The Los Angeles average rainfall is only about 14 inches .
Los Angeles water sources includes about 30 % from groundwater and the remains from other sources including the Colorado River .
The current fire season has been difficult and aside from the tragic loss in life and destruction of property and disruption to ecosystems , the fiscal cost to the state is going to make the financial crisis in California even worse .
They are only 2 months into the fiscal year but have already spent nearly two thirds of the fire protection budget .
Reports have a bit of encouragement as the big Station Fire is said to be 5 % contained with a hope to have it 10 % contained shortly .
That means its still 90 % out of control and some estimates reveal an expectation of it not being totally contained , not doused , for another two weeks .
The California Emergency Management Interactive Fire Map shows that there are other fires in California .
There is a very large number of incident reports constantly being updated .
But the Station Fire is the largest having grown to about 121,000 square acres by Tuesday evening .
It continues to threaten the communications towers on top of Mt. Wilson and the FCC is setting out a plan to help should the towers be compromised .
Weather conditions are not expected to change too much though I ’ve seen that patchy fog is expected to start appearing in the next few mornings which leads me to believe that there will be an increase in the moisture content of the air .
Temperatures are also forecast to back off .
But , do n’t expect much in the way of help from Hurricane Jemina .
Hurricane Jemina is losing some of its punch and will continue to do so .
While news reporters have reveled in reporting it was a category 4 hurricane was heading toward Baja California , they did n’t mention too much that it was forecast to weaken .
There is something called the California Stream .
Its the opposite of the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic that Benjamin Franklin discovered is a natural current that transports warm water from around the Gulf of Mexico to up near England .
The California Stream takes cold water from Alaska and transports it down the Pacific Coast of the US .
Hurricane Jimena is running into some of that cold water off the west coast of Baja California .
But , the structures in many areas of Baja California are pretty much substandard so even a hurricane with 100 mph winds will cause trouble .
The exact track of the storm is a bit up in the air .
But there is ridge in Mexico that seems to generally be in charge of the steering which means that the storm will eventually end up in northern New Mexico and probably whats left of it will get caught up in a front in the United States and make its way to the Ohio Valley or northern plains .
It is improbable that the hurricane will turn toward Southern California .
I suspect that the only thing it will do is maybe increase humidity levels a shade and cause the wind flow to take a more consistent northerly component .
HURRICANE JIMENA DISCUSSION
NUMBER 17
NWS TPC / NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER MIAMI FL EP132009
200 PM PDT TUE SEP 01 2009
EARLIER DATA FROM AN AIR FORCE RESERVE HURRICANE HUNTER AIRCRAFT
INDICATED THAT JIMENA WAS COMPLETING ITS EYEWALL REPLACEMENT
CYCLE …WITH THE INNER EYE DISSIPATING AND THE NEW EYE ABOUT
25-30 N MI ACROSS .
THE AIRCRAFT DATA SUGGEST AN INTENSITY NEAR
115 KT AT THAT TIME .
SINCE THEN …THE CLOUD TOPS NEAR THE CENTER
HAVE WARMED AND THE EYE HAS NOT CLEARED OUT .
BASED ON THIS…IT IS
ESTIMATED THAT JIMENA HAS WEAKENED A LITTLE MORE…AND THE INITIAL
INTENSITY IS REDUCED TO 110 KT .
THE INITIAL MOTION IS 330/10 .
JIMENA IS FORECAST TO CONTINUE IN A
GENERAL NORTH -NORTHWESTERLY
DIRECTION DURING THE NEXT COUPLE OF
DAYS BETWEEN A MID / UPPER - LEVEL LOW WEST OF THE BAJA PENINSULA AND A
MID -LEVEL RIDGE OVER NORTHERN MEXICO … WITH ALL THE TRACK GUIDANCE
REMAINING IN AGREEMENT WITH THIS SCENARIO .
THE FORECAST BECOMES
LESS CONFIDENT FROM 72 HR ON DUE TO A LARGE SPREAD IN THE GUIDANCE .
THE GFDL AND GFDN STILL CALL FOR JIMENA TO TURN NORTHEASTWARD
ACROSS NORTHWESTERN MEXICO AND THE SOUTHWESTERN UNITED STATES .
THE
REST OF THE DYNAMICAL GUIDANCE EITHER STALLS THE CYCLONE OVER
CENTRAL BAJA CALIFORNIA OR TURNS IT WESTWARD INTO THE PACIFIC .
THIS APPEARS TO BE DUE TO HIGHER PRESSURES DEVELOPING NORTH OF THE
CYCLONE…AND THE SYSTEM SHEARING APART AS STRONG UPPER-LEVEL
WESTERLY FLOW DEVELOPS .
THE NEW FORECAST TRACK IS AN UPDATE OF THE
PREVIOUS THROUGH THROUGH 72 HR…AND THEN IS SLOWER THAN THE
PREVIOUS TRACK THEREAFTER .
THE NEW TRACK IS JUST RIGHT OF THE
CENTER OF THE DYNAMICAL GUIDANCE THROUGH 72 HR…AND CLOSE TO THE
MODEL CONSENSUS THEREAFTER .
THE NEW TRACK CALLS FOR LANDFALL ON
THE CENTRAL BAJA CALIFORNIA PENINSULA IN ABOUT 36 HR .
IT NOW APPEARS UNLIKELY THAT THERE WILL BE NOTABLE INTENSIFICATION
AT THE END OF THE EYEWALL REPLACEMENT CYCLE…AS JIMENA IS STARTING
TO MOVE OVER COOLER SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURES .
A FASTER WEAKENING
SHOULD OCCUR AFTER LANDFALL…AND AN EVEN FASTER WEAKENING SHOULD
OCCUR WITH THE ONSET OF STRONG WESTERLY VERTICAL SHEAR IN ABOUT 72
HR . THE NEW INTENSITY FORECAST IS SIGNIFICANTLY LOWER THAN THAT OF
THE PREVIOUS ADVISORY …AND THERE IS A CHANCE THAT JIMENA COULD
WEAKEN MORE THAN FORECAST AFTER LANDFALL .
INTERESTS IN THE HURRICANE WARNING AREA ARE ADVISED THAT STRONG
WINDS WILL PRECEDE THE ARRIVAL OF THE CENTER BY SEVERAL HOURS…SO
PREPARATIONS NEED TO BE COMPLETED VERY SOON .
REMEMBER NOT TO FOCUS
ON THE EXACT FORECAST TRACK SINCE DANGEROUS IMPACTS EXTEND SOME
DISTANCE FROM THE CENTER .
THE FORECAST TRACK OF JIMENA IS ALMOST
PARALLEL TO THE COAST OF BAJA CALIFORNIA…AND SMALL DEVIATIONS
LEFT OR RIGHT OF THE TRACK COULD RESULT IN LARGE ERRORS IN BOTH THE
LOCATION AND TIMING OF LANDFALL .
FORECAST POSITIONS AND MAX WINDS
INITIAL 01/2100 Z 21.9N 111.2W 110 KT
12HR VT 02/0600 Z 23.3N 112.0W 105 KT
24HR VT 02/1800 Z 25.2N 112.7W 95 KT
36HR VT 03/0600 Z 26.5N 113.1W 85 KT
48HR VT 03/1800 Z 27.6N 113.4W 55 KT…INLAND
72HR VT 04/1800 Z 28.5N 113.5W 35 KT…INLAND
96HR VT 05/1800 Z 29.5N 113.5W 25 KT…OVER WATER
120HR VT 06/1800 Z 30.5N 113.5W 20 KT…REMNANT LOW
$ $
FORECASTER BEVEN
Heavy rains , beginning on September 19th , dumped between 15 and 20 inches of rain over three days on parts of Georgia , Alabama and Tennessee .
The deluge overwhelmed natural and man made systems , and the record - breaking downpour turned streams into rivers , swamping neighborhoods , washing out roads and , unfortunately , taking at least nine lives .
Damage costs are estimated at $ 250 million , the cleanup just now beginning .
Georgia 's Republican Governor Sonny Perdue recently announced that President Obama has issued a Federal Disaster Declaration for individual assistance to aid residents of five affected counties .
Collected here are a few recent photos around the area , largely centered on Atlanta , Georgia .
( 30 photos total
Ketika kita masuk dalam dunia internet marketing , mau tidak mau kita harus
berhadapan dengan sederetan istilah - istilah baru yang kadang kita tidak tahu arti dari istilah itu .
Berikut sedikit istilah - istilah nya :
1. Blog
adalah website gratis yang di keluarkan oleh blogger.com .
Isi dari blog ini
bisa bermacam - macam sesuai keinginan pemilik blog .
misalnya artikel , gambar , iklan dll
2. Wordpress & Multiply
Fungsinya sama seperti Blog .
Hanya saja masing - masing mempunyai kekurangan
dan kelebihan .
3.Iklan Baris
adalah iklan yang berupa text / tulisan .
Untuk memasang iklan baris di website
iklan , biasanya gratis .
Iklan akan tergeser secara otomatis oleh iklan pendatang
baru .
4. Iklan Premium
adalah iklan berbayar .
Biasanya iklan tayang selama 1 bulan penuh dan posisi
iklan akan tayang di halaman utama tanpa di geser oleh iklan lain .
4. Iklan Banner
adalah iklan bergambar / animasi .
Untuk memasang iklan banner biasanya harus
bayar , jarang sekali memasang iklan banner yang gratis .
5. Affiliasi / Affiliate
adalah memasarkan produk orang lain dan mendapatkan komisi dari penjualan produk
tersebut .
Untuk menjalankan affiliasi ini biasanya kita mendapat URL.URL inilah yang kita
promosikan sebanyak - banyaknya agar kita mendapat komisi .
Biasanya belakang URL ini ada code / nama kita ;
misalnya : http://www.internetsukses.com/?ref=yusup
6. URL ( Uniform Resource Locator )
adalah suatu address / alamat yang jika kita meng - kliknya , kita akan di bawa
ke website tertentu .
7. Cloaking URL
adalah istilah yang di gunakan untuk menyamarkan alamat URL .
misalnya menggunakan ; tinyurl.com , co.cc dll
8. Reseller
adalah menjual kembali .
Pada prinsipnya sama dengan affiliasi .
9. PPC ( Pay Per Click )
adalah pembayaran ( pay ) dilakukan jika ada klik saja .
misalnya kita pasang iklan PPC .
Itu artinya kita membayar iklan tersebut jika iklan tersebut di klik saja , bila tidak di klik ,
kita tidak membayar .
10 . PTC ( Pay To Click )
adalah pembayaran di lakukan bila kita telah meng - clik dan menonton iklan PTC selama waktu
yang di tentukan .
Waktu yang di tentukan bermacam - macam .
Biasanya 30 - 60 detik .
11 . PTR ( Pay To Review )
adalah pembayaran di lakukan jika kita telah melakukan review ( menceritakan kembali ) suatu produk selama waktu tertentu .
12 . PPS ( Pay Per Sales )
adalah pembayaran di lakukan jika kita telah mendapatkan downline dan downline tersebut telah membeli produk yang kita tawarkan .
13 . PPP ( Pay Per Post )
adalah pembayaran di lakukan jika kita telah menulis artikel ( di bayar per posting ) .
Tiap artikel ini dihargai $ 5 ~ 20 $ .
14 . Google Adsense
adalah program bisnis dari google yang membayar setiap membernya untuk memasang iklan padaweb / blog .
Jadi bila ada pengunjung yang melakukan klik pada iklan tsb maka pemilik blog akan di bayar oleh google berupa dollar .
15 . Hits
adalah statistik URL yang di klik oleh pengunjung .
16 . Traffic
adalah jumlah pengunjung yang mendatangi suatu web / blog .
17 . SEO ( Search Engine Optomizer )
adalah teknik untuk meningkatkan traffic suatu web / blog setinggi - tingginya agar bisa tampil
di halaman depan search engine seperti google , yahoo dll .
Semoga Bermanfaat . . .
The oil sands are an issue of global importance .
As conventional sources of crude oil are depleted , unconventional sources of oil , such as the bitumen found in oil sands , play a larger role in offsetting declining conventional production .
The Canadian oil sands are the second largest proven oil reserve after Saudi Arabia .
1
The following is a guest post by Simon Dyer , of Canada 's Pembina Institute .
The Pembina Institute believes that while oil sands extraction has many issues , it can be done in an environmentally sustainable way .
In the end , they advocate a moratorium on new project approvals until 2011 , new regional environmental groups and some additional environmental controls , as described in their publication Taking the Wheel .
Increased CO2 emissions might be handled through purchase of carbon emissions credits and through improvements in production efficiency .
While the oil sands are n't great , with some adjustments , they may still be an acceptable solution .
The comments to this post are helpful in understanding the complex situation .
Do n't miss them !
Most of the Canadian oil sands are located in Alberta , with 175 billion barrels of recoverable bitumen underlying approximately 140,800 square kilometres of the province , 2 an area that is roughly the size of the state of Florida .
This unconventional oil is currently extracted using surface mining or in situ ( in place ) drilling methods , depending on the depth of the deposit .
Mining is used for the bitumen that is closer to the surface ( less than 75 metres ) , and drilling for in situ extraction is used when the bitumen is more than 75 metres deep .
3
Each extraction method presents its own challenges .
As the rate and scale of oil sands development increases , concerns about the associated environmental impacts have grown .
The Pembina Institute has been reporting on these concerns and providing factual information on the environmental impacts since the release of its Oil Sands Fever report in 2005 .
To fully understand the costs and benefits of the oil sands requires more than an appreciation of the size of the resource and the financial rewards of exploiting it .
An understanding of the environmental effects and the context of a growing global imperative to reduce our global carbon footprint is essential .
The Pembina Institute ’s work is designed to help policy makers and others guide energy development with eyes wide open and with a clear idea of the challenges that need to be overcome to achieve responsible development of the Alberta oil sands .
About 99 % of the mineable oil sands area has been leased .
Source : Alberta Energy ( Click for more detailed view ) .
The oil sands underlie 140,800 square kilometres , or 21 % of the province of Alberta .
Updated figures from the Alberta government ’s Department of Energy show that the mining portion of this land base will be approximately 4,750 square kilometres , and that 99 % of the mineable area has already been leased .
4
About 4,750 square kilometres of land has been leased to oil sands mining operations , such as Suncor ( right side of photo ) and Syncrude ( top left of photo ) .
Photo : David Dodge , The Pembina Institute
In situ development could occur in an area approximately 30 times greater than the mining area .
This type of development creates significant linear disturbance to the boreal forest .
These linear disturbances , from seismic and core hole exploration , production well pads , roads and pipelines , can negatively impact species of wildlife that avoid linear features , such as the endangered woodland caribou.
5
Mining extraction currently accounts for 60%6 of the 1.4 million barrels of bitumen produced each day .
7
In situ development represents the most significant growth potential for the oil sands industry and will contribute a growing proportion of future oil sands production .
For more information about in situ development see Pembina ’s report Death by a Thousand Cuts : The Impacts of In Situ Oil Sands Development on Alberta ’s Boreal Forest .
In situ oil sands development imposes a unique set of impacts on the boreal forest , such as this 3D seismic work to map the oil sands resource south of Fort McMurray , Alberta .
Photo : David Dodge , The Pembina Institute .
Since development began around 40 years ago , 84,000 square kilometres of land underlain with oil sands deposits has been leased in Alberta , accounting for about 60 % of the total resource area .8
Lands are leased to companies with no environmental impact assessments or consultation with stakeholders ( including Aboriginal groups ) .
This part of the process does not take place until the project application phase of development .
To learn more about how the Alberta Government grants oil sands rights to companies see Haste Makes Waste : The Need for a New Oil Sands Tenure Regime .
Reclamation of boreal forest lands after development is quite a challenge for the industry , and the boreal ecosystem will never be fully restored .
While wetlands occupy about 40 - 50 % of the landscape before development , reclamation projects are returning the landscape to a predominantly upland , forested ecosystem .
Reclamation of peatland ( a type of wetland ) ecosystems is still undemonstrated .
Companies are required by the Alberta government to post a security deposit as insurance in the event of unforeseen events or in the case of bankruptcy .
9
This reclamation security is likely inadequate to protect Canadians from long - term environmental liabilities .
Recommendations by the Auditor General of Alberta to review the reclamations security program have not been heeded by government .
More information can be found in the report Fact or Fiction : Oil Sands Reclamation .
Carbon Intensity
Greenhouse gas emissions are higher for oil sands production than for conventional oil production .
Photo : David Dodge , The Pembina Institute
Oil sands development is carbon - intensive .
The production and upgrading required to produce synthetic crude oil from oil sands mining results in greenhouse gas emissions in the range of 62 to 164 kilograms of CO2 equivalent per barrel .
In situ development , which is generally more carbon - intensive than mining , results in emission rates between 99 and 176 kilograms of CO2 equivalent per barrel .10
Although there is a high degree of variation , industry average emissions for oil sands production and upgrading are estimated to be 3.2 to 4.5 times as intensive per barrel as conventional crude produced in North America .
11 Canadian government reports similarly suggest that “ GHG emissions from oil sands mining and upgrading are about five times greater than those from conventional light / medium crude oil production . ” 12 Even if you look at it from a full life - cycle “ well - to - wheels ” basis , oil sands are overall still one of the most greenhouse gas intensive fuel sources .13
While Canada was one of the 39 industrialized countries that signed on to the Kyoto Protocol in 2002 to reduce its national greenhouse gas emissions to 6 % below 1990 levels , 14 it has since backed down from these obligations .
Canada has earned the reputation of being obstructionist to international climate change negotiations as we approach the Copenhagen summit.15
More on this topic can be found in the report :
The Climate Implications of Canada ’s Oil Sands Development and Carbon Capture and Storage in Canada .
Water Use
Producing a barrel of synthetic crude oil from the oil sands by mining requires two to four barrels of fresh water after taking into account water recycling .
16 Companies are currently licensed to withdraw over 590,000,000 cubic metres of water per year , which is roughly equivalent to what a city of 3 million people would require .
17 Water for oil sands mining is pumped from the Athabasca River , a river that fluctuates seasonally as well as year to year , and withdrawing water during natural low flow periods ( which occur primarily in the winter ) has the potential to harm aquatic life in the river .
18 This water cannot be returned to the river system because it becomes toxic in the extraction process and must be retained in tailings ponds .
In situ development is less water intensive at approximately 0.9 barrels of water per barrel of oil , yet this is still higher than water use for conventional oil production , which averages 0.1 - 0.3 barrels of water per barrel of oil .19
In situ operations produce steam from fresh and saline water sources that is then injected to “ help reduce the viscosity " ( melt ) the bitumen in the reservoir so it can be pumped out .
Wastewater produced by in situ development is not contained in tailings ponds , but rather injected into deep aquifers on site .
20 See Down to the Last Drop : The Athabasca River and Oil Sands and Troubled Waters , Troubling Trends for more information on water in the oil sands .
Tailings
This tailings pond is about five kilometers long and is located to the north of the Syncrude oil sands operation .
Photo : David Dodge , The Pembina Institute
The liquid tailings , a by product of the oil sands mining process , contain naphthenic acids , unrecovered hydrocarbons and trace metals , making it toxic to aquatic organisms21 and mammals22 .
Operators are required to store tailings waste on site in large containment dykes because the water is too toxic to be returned to the Athabasca River under water quality guidelines .
There are currently over 720 billion litres of toxic tailings on the landscape in the Athabasca oil sands area.23
These ponds cover an area of more than 130 square kilometres .
By 2040 these tailings are expected to occupy 310 square kilometres , an area nearly the size of Vancouver .
24
No tailings ponds have been reclaimed to date .
More information on tailings and reclamation can be found in Pembina ’s report Fact or Fiction : Oil Sands Reclamation .
One of the major concerns associated with tailings ponds is the migration of pollutants through the groundwater system , which can in turn leak into surrounding soil and surface water .
25
There is currently a lack of publicly available information on the rate and volume of seepage from oil sands tailings ponds , despite known incidents involving tailings seepage .
26
A dominant plan for reclaiming liquid tailings at mine closure is to deposit them in end pit lakes .
Tailings would be dumped into old mine pits and capped with water from the Athabasca River .
27
This method is unproven .
The concern is that the water and tailings layers will mix and there is also some fear that the end pit lakes will be unable to sustain aquatic life .
However , many mining projects to date have been approved based on dealing with tailings in this manner .
A fully realized end pit lake has not yet been constructed .
28
Cumulative impacts
Since 2000 , environmental and cumulative effects management in the oil sands has relied heavily on multi-stakeholder groups such as the Cumulative Effects Management Association ( CEMA ) .
CEMA has had troubles meeting goals within its own work plan , which has been largely attributed to a lack of resources and a lack of regulatory backstops from the Government of Alberta .29
The Pembina Institute recently released a report on how mining companies scored relative to one another in various categories .
The report Under - Mining the Environment : The Oil Sands Report Card ultimately showed the improvements that could be made if each company performed at the level of the current highest achiever in that specific category .
While many improvements could be made , having regulatory backstops at the level of current best practices would be a means to reduce cumulative impacts in the oil sands area .
Oil sands projects continue to get approved and begin construction in northeastern Alberta , in spite of there being very few limits set for water , air , land or toxins .
This situation , combined with the lack of a land use plan , creates uncertainty about what the final landscape in the oil sands area will look like once development in the area is operating fully .
It also calls into question what the development area will look like once development is finished .
The Pembina Institute gives its recommendations for environmental management in Taking the Wheel : Correcting the Course of Cumulative Environmental Management in the Athabasca Oil Sands .
Notes :
1. Government of Alberta , “ Talk about oil sands , ” http://www.energy.gov.ab.ca/OilSands/pdfs/FS_OilSands.pdf ( accessed May 5 , 2009 ) .
2. The Energy Resources Conservation Board , http://www.ercb.ca/portal/server.pt?open=512&objID=249&PageID=0&cached=t... ( accessed March 30 , 2009 ) .
3. Alberta Energy , “ What is Oil Sands , ” http://www.energy.gov.ab.ca/OilSands/pdfs/FactSheet_OilSands.pdf ( accessed May 14 , 2009 ) .
4. Alberta Energy , Alberta ’s Leased Oil Sands Area ( June 24 , 2009 ) , http://www.energy.alberta.ca/OilSands/pdfs/OSAagreesStats_June2009vkb.pdf.
5. Simon J. Dyer , Jack P. O’Neill , Shawn M. Wasel and Stan Boutin , “ Quantifying barrier effects of roads and seismic lines on movements of female woodland caribou in northeastern Alberta , ” Can. J. Zool. 80 ( 2002 ) : 839–45 .
6. Energy Resources Conservation Board , ST98- 2008 : Alberta ’s Energy Reserves 2007 and Supply / Demand Outlook 2008 - 2017 ( June 2008 ) , 2 - 20 , http://www.ercb.ca/docs/products/sts/st98-2008.pdf.
7. Energy Resources Conservation Board , Supply and Disposition of Crude Oil Equivalent ( January and February 2009 ) , http://www.ercb.ca/docs/products/sts/st3/Oil_current.xls ( updated March 2009 ) .
8. Alberta Energy , Alberta ’s Leased Oil Sands Area ( June 24 , 2009 ) , http://www.energy.alberta.ca/OilSands/pdfs/OSAagreesStats_June2009vkb.pdf.
9 . Security deposits are only required for oil sands mining operations and not in situ operations .
The EUB Licensee Liability Rating and Orphan Fund governs in situ operations ’ securities .
10 . Alex Charpentier et al. , “ Understanding the Canadian oil sands industry ’s greenhouse gas emissions , ” Environmental Research Letters 4 ( 2009 ) 014005 , http://stacks.iop.org/ERL/4/014005.
11 . Timothy J. Skone and Kristin Gerdes , Development of Baseline Data and Analysis of Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Petroleum - Based Fuels ( U.S. Department of Energy , National Energy Technology Laboratory , 2008 ) , tables 2 - 4 and 2 - 5 , http://www.netl.doe.gov/energy-analyses/refshelf/detail.asp?pubID=204.
12 . Environment Canada , National Inventory Report : Greenhouse Gas Sources and Sinks in Canada , 1990 –2006 , 11 , http://www.ec.gc.ca/pdb/ghg/inventory_report/2006_report/som-sum_eng.cfm.
13 . Kristin J. Gerdes and Timothy J. Skone , An Evaluation of the Extraction , Transport and Refining of Imported Crude Oils and the Impact on Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions ( U.S. Department of Energy , National Energy Technology Laboratory , 2009 ) , 16 , figure 3 - 3 , http://www.netl.doe.gov/energy-analyses/refshelf/detail.asp?pubID=227.
14 . Canada ratified the Kyoto Protocol on December 17 , 2002 .
See http://maindb.unfccc.int/public/country.pl?country=CA.
15 . Hannah Devlin , “ Canada and Japan blocking climate - change deal , Sir David King warns , ” Times Online , July 2 , 2009 , http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/environment/article6620438.ece ( accessed July 8 , 2009 ) .
16 . R. J. Mikula , V. A. Munoz and O. Omotoso , “ Water Use in Bitumen Production : Tailings Management in Surface Mined Oil Sands ” presented at the World Heavy Oil Congress , Edmonton , 2008 , 1 , http://canmetenergycanmetenergie.nrcan-rncan.gc.ca/fichier.php/codectec/....
Suncor reports 2.29 cubic metres of water per cubic metre of synthetic crude oil ( Suncor Energy Ltd. , A Closer Look : An Update on Our Progress [ 2008 ] , 4 , www.suncor.com/doc.aspx?id=178.)
Note that Suncor ’s operations include in situ projects , which use less water per unit of bitumen produced than do mining operations , so Suncor ’s average water use for mining operations may exceed 2.29 cubic metres of water per cubic metre of synthetic crude oil .
Syncrude reports 2.26 cubic metres of water per cubic metre of synthetic crude oil ( Syncrude Canada Ltd , 2007 Sustainability Report ( 2008 ) ) , http://sustainability.syncrude.ca/sustainability2007/enviro/water/).
See also Jeremy Moorhouse et al. , Under - Mining the Environment : The Oil Sands Report Card ( Drayton Valley , AB : The Pembina Institute and Toronto , ON : World Wildlife Fund Canada , 2008 ) , Appendix 4 – Water , 32 , http://www.oilsandswatch.org/pub/1571.
The information in the application was confirmed by Shell , based on water use of 28.3 million cubic metres per year and daily bitumen production of 120,000 billion barrels per day .
Where necessary , values have been converted .
There are approximately 6.292 barrels in a cubic metre .
17 . Alberta Environment , Water Diversions by oilsands mining projects ( 2007 ) .
18 . IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates , Growth in the Canadian Oil Sands : Finding the New Balance ( 2009 ) , p III-9
19 . IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates , Growth in the Canadian Oil Sands : Finding the New Balance ( 2009 ) , p. III - 7 .
20 . IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates , Growth in the Canadian Oil Sands : Finding the New Balance ( 2009 ) , p. III - 10 .
21 . M. MacKinnon and H. Boerger , “ Description of Two Treatment Methods for Detoxifying Oil Sands Tailings Pond Water , ” Water Pollution Research Journal of Canada 21 ( 1986 ) .
22 . United States Environmental Protection Agency Office of Toxic Substances , “ Fate and Effects of Sediment - Bound Chemicals in Aquatic Systems , ” Proceedings of the Sixth Pellston Workshop , Florissant , CO , August 12 - 17 , 1984 .
23 . Alberta Energy Resources Conservation Board , “ ERCB releases draft directive on oil sands tailings management and enforcement criteria , ” news release , June 26 , 2008 , www.ercb.ca/portal/server.pt/gateway/PTARGS_0_0_303_263_0_43/http%3B/erc....
24 . Energy Resources Conservation Board , Data for Mineable Oil Sands Current and Projected Tailings and Footprint Area , email received October 2008 .
25 . National Energy Board , Canada ’s Oil Sands : Opportunities and Challenges to 2015 , an Energy Market Assessment , 68 , http://www.neb.gc.ca/energy/EnergyReports/EMAOilSandsOpportunitiesChalle....
26 . Alberta Energy and Utilities Board , Application by Suncor Inc. Oil Sands Group for Amendment of Approval No.7632 for Proposed Steepbank Mine Development , Decision No. 97 -1 , Application No. 960439 , Calgary , 1997 .
27 . Synenco Energy Inc. , Application for approval of the Northern Lights Mining and Extraction Project , Volume 3 : Management Plans , 2006 , 6 –28 .
28 . Fay Westcott and Lindsay Watson , End Pit Lakes Technical Guidance Document , prepared for The Cumulative Environmental Management Association End Pit Lakes Subgroup Project 2005 - 61 , 2007 , 4 .
29 . Steven A. Kennett , “ Closing the Performance Gap : The Challenge for Cumulative Effects Management in Alberta ’s Athabasca Oil Sands Region , ” in CIRL Occasional Paper # 18 ( Calgary : Canadian Institute of Resources Law , 2007 ) .
Roy Stevenson from Larne Co Antrim who has shed an astonishing eleven stone
Tossing and turning in bed and unable to sleep , Roy Stevenson uttered a prayer that somehow he would find the strength to go on a diet and shed the weight that was making him super obese .
The 48 - year - old civil servant was weighing in at a mighty 28 stones five - and - a - half pounds in his socks and was in despair and even talking to surgeons about a gastric bypass operation .
But there was no available funding in Northern Ireland for the surgery to staple his stomach and Roy was at the bottom of a waiting list for hospitals in England .
“ I was desperate that night in bed , ” recalls the father of two young sons who is a worshipper in Larne Mission Hall .
“ I had tried all kinds of fad diets and nothing worked .
So I asked the Almighty for help . ”
Roy claims his prayer was answered a few days later when a friend persuaded him to go along to the Ballyclare Men Only Weightwatchers Class .
And guided by leader Marie Reynolds he says that now , 16 months later , he has found the solution to his weight problem .
For Mr Stevenson in that time had taken off a colossal 11 stones and now stands at what for him is a respectable 17 stones five - and - a - half pounds .
“ With Marie and Weightwatchers ’ help — and divine guidance — I took off a stone — 14 lbs — a month and I still have n't reached the ideal weight Mrs Reynolds wants me to attain .
When surgeons got in touch last Christmas with the word I could have the stomach surgery at last I was able to tell them that by that stage I had already shed seven stones and could decline the operation .
“ My prayers when I was really crying out for some kind of aid were definitely answered . ”
However , Marie Reynolds is n't finished with him yet .
“ Roy is an ideal member of the class , ” she said , “ but he needs to take off another 2.5 stones to reach what for him will be an ideal weight of 15 stones .
I have no doubt he will achieve this aim .
He is a shining example to all his classmates . ”
Mr Stevenson was a burly , heavily built rugby player in his youth who spent his early working life as a tyre fitter with his father .
“ I was an active individual until I joined the Civil Service and sat behind a desk all day and started to put on weight , ” he said .
“ And I liked all kinds of food .
I refused nothing — I would have eaten anything with junk food , potato crisps and pork pies my speciality .
I became so gross that it was embarrassing to go bathing at the seaside with my sons .
Everything was a physical strain for me , even turning in bed .
I had to sleep lying on my back and even that was n't comfortable .
Roy is now a keen walker too and getting back to the kind of active lifestyle he used to enjoy .
“ I feel real again , ” he said .
Belfast Telegraph
Following a review in these pages last week , the following letter from Chris de Burghwas sent to our Letters Editor , and has also been widely circulated
Dear Mr Crawley ,
I rarely read reviews , but as yours was sitting on my kitchen table , and after three sold - out shows in the Gaiety Theatre , I thought I should have a look at it ; after all , receiving a favourable review in The Irish Timesis about as likely as . . . well , receiving a favourable review in The Irish Times !!
I was not disappointed .
How the fond memories came flooding back , more than 30 years of them ; you must have a Lexicon of Handy Insults , because you managed to use many of the same ones that have been used so many times before , and still they make me smile at their continued lack of imagination .
“ Small man . . . shudder . . . warbly tenor . . . mawkish balladeer . . . cringe factor . . . squeaky clean . . . snigger . . . cheesy ” etc – yes , they were all there , as used by many of your colleagues before , such as Joe Breen ( who , I note , has been put out to pasture in the wine section , and I am assured by friends in the wine trade that he knows as much about wine as he did about music – precious little .
I wonder what they have in mind for you in your dotage ?
Searing critiques of primary school Christmas plays perhaps , or judging knife - sharpening competitions in Sligo ? ) .
Being a theatre critic and not a music critic , you must have strayed into the Gaiety by mistake last Monday night , possibly looking for the rear entrance to Neary ’s pub , but you certainly arrived with the word “ prejudice ” burned into your furrowed brow .
How it must have galled you to hear the rapturous welcome I received at the start of the show ; how you must have writhed at every standing ovation ; how you must have cringed at every call of “ Chris , we love you ” ; how you must have felt isolated as the audience rose to their feet as one , singing , dancing and shouting out for more ; how you must have growled to yourself as you left , surrounded by so many happy people , to make your curmudgeonly way to the safety of the street outside .
You really should look up the word “ entertainment ” again , you might be surprised to see that it is all about people having a GOOD TIME !!
Your churlish review is an insult to all those who enjoyed their night out , and in these days of collapsing newspaper sales and an entire new generation on the way who will get their information online , you may be looking for another job sooner rather than later .
Your pals in the pub must have loved your review , but it seems that you are universally loathed in the theatre world .
A leading impresario has described you as “ puffed up with his own self - importance ” , and a much - loved and successful actress refers to you as “ that loathsome little turd ” .
Great accolades , to be sure .
And what of you and your future ambitions ?
Will you continue to be an occasional critic in a country with the population of Greater Manchester , or are you , like so many of your colleagues , about to write a book / play / film script / biography ?
If so , I would be delighted to attend the opening / launch / premiere .
To have gone to the Gaiety with your mind made up is unprofessional of course , but to totally ignore what actually happened and launch a personal attack is so transparent that any reader can see that it was pointless even writing it , as you were the only person who attended the show that night who did n’t ACTUALLY WANT TO BE THERE !!
As I have always had a very positive attitude towards life , I have sympathy for your position , as it must be so poisonous to have to lurk in the shadows , riffling through the garbage bins of despair and avoiding those who think that you are an irrelevance , an irritation to be ignored and laughed about .
I would be very happy to meet with you and pursue these ideas further , but I suspect that you , like so many others of your kind , would lack the courage , like a dog that snarls and barks from a distance yet cowers and runs away at the first sight of reaction .
Anyway , the offer is there .
Finally , whatever happens in your career , let me wish you a long and happy life , all the best ,
Chris de Burgh
PS
We were wondering by way of explanation and as you seem to portray yourself as a bitter and unfulfilled man , were you much teased by your school chums in the schoolyard and called “ Creepy Crawley ” ?
I think we should be told !
Peter Crawley ’s original review of Chris de Burgh ’s Dublin concert
Chris de Burgh
Gaiety Theatre
PETER CRAWLEY
The stage lights flare and crackle like an electrical storm .
Music swells and surges in a crescendo of anticipation .
It is an introduction worthy of the second coming , or perhaps the moment in a sci- fi movie when the spaceship door finally opens .
Instead , though , a small man appears in suit trousers and a white shirt , giving a little wave , like a businessman happy to have finished a long day of conference calls .
This man is Chris de Burgh .
You may have heard of him .
The name alone summons a rush of associations , some of which carry a shudder , few of which fail to draw a smile .
There is that warbly tenor , the calling card of the mawkish balladeer ( “ I have never seen that dress you ’re wearing . . . ” ) which switches at the faintest invitation into a throaty belt : “ DON ’T PAY THE FERRYMAN ! ”
There is that haircut , long at the back and wispy up front , entirely unruffled by 34 years in the music biz .
And of course there is that cringe factor , unalleviated by the man ’s apparent earnestness : his slightly tarnished squeaky clean persona , his claims to heal people with his hands , his indelible association with a time of shoulder pads and enormous hair .
In short , it ’s easy to snigger at de Burgh .
But while he certainly gives us some reason – “ I often wonder where religion came from , ” goes one introduction , as though he is considering starting one – any embarrassment we feel says more about us than him .
In a set piled high with oldies – Missing You , Spanish Train , Sailing Away , each delivered with cheesy synths and clean guitars – even the newies are throwbacks , cover versions culled from his latest album , Footsteps .
What de Burgh brings to Turn , Turn , Turn , All Along The Watchtoweror The Long and Winding Roadis not easy to fathom – everything is transformed into the same MOR mulch .
Nonetheless , de Burgh will routinely pause the show and step forward to bask in his applause .
“ You have no idea how it feels to stand here , with all this love coming this way , ” he tells us .
Returning the favour , presumably , he departs the stage for Lady in Red , invading boxes and draping himself over audience members , some of whom have worn red for the occasion .
Certain toes will never uncurl after this experience , but it is almost admirable how unaltered de Burgh has remained by the flow of time .
You may have grown out of seeking epic significance in the portentous verses of Spanish Train , you may greet Patricia the Stripper with the same mortification as a faded photo of yourself .
This is because you ’ve changed .
Chris de Burgh has not .
First published last Thursday , September 3rd
James Warren recalls the good old days of intelligent conservatism .
what he does n't say , understandably , is that , as neoconservatism became a dogma , and support for general common sense morphed into the loopiest fundamentalism and know - nothing populsim , Kristol retained his Trotskyite political sense .
No enemies to the right was his motto .
Beck 's ignorant , know - nothing , populist bile is the tiger neoconservatism rode .
And you cannot write a history of neoconservatism without understanding that it became corrupt , cynical and so divorced form the reality it once championed that it unraveled itself .
Bruce Bartlett has a good take , as usual , on the decline of the right under Irving 's son Bill :
There is still a need for serious conservative social science research that has no other publication outlet .
Commentary is now just a highbrow version of National Review , which is just a glossy version of Human Events , which has become a slightly less hysterical version of nutty websites like WorldNetDaily .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page and the Weekly Standard , founded by Kristol 's son Bill , just parrot the Republican Party line of the day .
The intellectual bankruptcy of conservatism today is even greater than it was when Irving Kristol founded The Public Interest in 1965 .
What passes for a conservative movement these days wears its anti-intellectualism as a badge of honor .
My own interactions with Kristol and his wife were always cordial ; he was a gentleman and a sharp mind .
In the end , he surrendered the worst elements of Republican foreign adventurism and fiscal insanity .
But , unlike with his son , there was once a core of intellectual courage and independence .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
I can't think of a state less equipped to deal with major health insurance rate hikes than Michigan , currently mired with - this will not be a typo - 15.6 % unemployment .
But that 's exactly what they 're getting .
In the past few days , 114,000 Michigan households have received bad - news letters from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan , socking individual health insurance subscribers with premium increases averaging 22 % , effective Oct.
1 . Blue Cross could have said , " Hey , things could have been worse .
We asked for a 56 % rate hike first and dialed it back to 22 % " -- but that probably would have just made folks angrier .
Instead , the Blue Cross letters simply stated , " We know every Michigan resident faces financial challenges , and we thank you for your business and loyalty to the Blues . "
The two numbers , unemployment and rate hikes , have a correlation .
Individual insurance has expanded by 96 % at Blue Cross of Michigan in the past two years .
That 's because they act like a non -profit state " co-op " would in a private sector allowed to discriminate against their customers :
In just the past two years , the number of under - 65 individual subscribers has grown by 59,000 , or 96 % , at Blue Cross , the nonprofit " insurer of last resort " in Michigan .
Private for - profit insurers tend to cherry - pick younger , healthier consumers , driving older and less - healthy people to Blue Cross if they have no employer - provided group coverage .
State law requires Blue Cross to offer insurance to anyone , but it also demands that the company not lose money on its insurance products .
Therein lies the rub : Blue Cross lost $ 133 million last year on individual subscribers .
This is that " perfect market " that conservatives like to talk about .
Given the ability to discriminate over its customers , private insurers dump the sick on to Blue Cross .
And because the state requires Blue Cross to break even , they must raise their premiums basically at the rate of the cost of health inflation year - over - year , often on the poorest and most vulnerable members of society .
Michigan is not the only state seeing large rate hikes in its health insurance market .
Oregon small businesses are seeing double - digit rate increases this year .
In California , policies have gone up 9 % since 2007 , three times higher than the overall cost of living .
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Rhode Island has proposed a 16 % rate hike , with UnitedHealth of New England up 11.6 % .
Washington state consumers will see large increases as well .
Overall , increases by double digits are expected nationwide .
We hear from conservatives that businesses may drop their plans under health insurance reform .
Actually , that 's virtually assured if nothing is done .
Companies , especially small businesses , will have no chance keeping up with these ever - increasing rates and hope to compete in the global marketplace .
And ultimately , those businesses who do pay for these rate hikes do so out of potential wage increases for their employees .
Wage growth stagnates and people wind up with less disposable income .
The money funneled to health insurance companies could be used to reverse the recession and pull us into economic recovery .
In this sense , insurance companies are acting like a siphon , reducing the fuel that can be used to drive the engine of growth .
And that siphon will take more and more money out of your pocket , unless we do something now .
PRODUCT INFORMATION :
Sony Naite Unlocked
Naite candy bar phone is reasonably priced 3G device that is a part of the Sonys ’s new GreenHeart allegiance .
The phone has basic e-mail and texting ability and even has support for video phone calls .
The Sony Naite , pronounced “ nigh - tee , ” sports a 2 megapixel camera with photo uploading capability , and also comes with many of Sony ’s advanced media player features .
Users can surf the web with and take calls on a hands - free Bluetooth headset , too .
These GreenHeart products do away with hazardous chemicals in production , reduce paper consumption and use smaller packaging .
They also come with 5 star energy efficient chargers .
PACKAGE CONTENTS :
Reaching Unity
Ray Aten A recollection of Blue Lotus , Salvia divinorum , & Cannabis
This was the most enlightening experience of my life .
I had tried blue lotus on it's own the day before .
It made me aware of my body 's aura and of my friend 's auras .
We could all feel chi energy flowing between us .
I felt fresh and natural .
My body was buzzing with a gently fluffy energy .
When we held our hands up to the sun we could feel it 's energy flowing through us .
We smelt all the flowers in my friend 's garden .
I felt that I was apprieciating beauty from beauty 's point of view .
The next day was different .
I had wanted to take lotus with salvia for a long time .
I was sure that the combination of the two rare and ancient sacraments , one from the New World ( Mexico ) , one from the Old World ( Egypt ) , would teach me something very important .
Traces of cocaine have been found in ancient Egyptian mummies .
Cocaine comes from South America .
There must have been a global sacrament using civilization in ancient times which traded across the Atlantic .
Other evidence , such as the giant city found submerged off the coast of Japan ; semi-submerged cities in Polynesia ; ancient symbols found both on ancient buildings in Yemen and the Maldives ; and a European line of Mitochondrial DNA found in Native American Indians , suggest that before the ice age and maybe for some time after there were intercontinental trade links .
What did they trade ?
- The plants of the Gods .
Salvia Divinorum contains the most potent natural psychedelic known to man .
The Aztecs called it Pipiltzintzintli which means ' powerful little prince ' .
The experience is unlike anything else .
Time and space seem to break down into their constituent parts .
Your consciousness is timeless and spaceless .
And sometimes it makes you think you 've turned into an inanimate object .
Blue lotus was worshiped by the ancient Egyptians .
Other varieties of lotus were worshiped by the ancient Mayans , Hindus , Buddhists , Chinese and Japanese .
The fossil record shows that lotus was abundent world wide before the ice age .
In the ancient Greek epic poem ' the Odyssey ' , Odysseus and his men go to an island of Lotus eaters who are kind to them and give them lotus .
The Lotus makes the men forget about home .
Odysseus has to force them back onto the ship .
Before I took the lotus I thought that this meant that lotus makes you forgetful .
Now I know that it means home for Odysseus and his men was n't a very nice place .
I smoked enough pot to make me a bit floaty , then I had some lotus extract .
I smoked it until I started buzzing slightly .
I could feel the energy flowing around me and through me .
Then I said hellow to my good friend salvia , the divine diviner 's sage .
I did n't have very much salvia , it was n't enough to make time stop .
But when I stood up and walked around the garden the effect was incredible .
I did n't feel like I was on any drugs .
My head did n't feel cloudy from the pot and the salvia did n't make me confused .
The lotus had stabilised them .
I felt more natural , more aware , less confused than I have ever felt before .
I was n't having any distortions in my perception , no hallucinations .
Everything was so crystal clear .
I could see the patterns in everything .
Every plant , insect and flower I could see how it was ordered .
When I looked at some trees I could see every leaf on every tree at once , and I could see the pattern that they made .
When I looked into the sky it did n't just look blue anymore , I could see an incredibly large space , like I was staring into infinity .
The garden seemed enchanted .
I could feel a magical force .
I could feel the order inherent in reality , and the energy that drives it .
I realised that there is no God , no nature , no man and no woman .
There is only one thing .
It is everything and nothing , it is infinitely big and infinitely small .
It is rational and irrational , chaotic and ordered , certain and uncertain .
It is perfection , but it could n't be any other way .
Even when it is imperfect , it is still perfect .
I 'm going to try taking a larger dose of both lotus and salvia next time .
I feel that these two plants have already given me incredible insight into reality , and ancient civilisation .
I suggest that if you want to try either salvia or lotus you take the other at the same time .
They are two halves of a code .
Salvia takes the world apart , lotus puts it back together again .
If you believe that ancient sacred plants have something to teach us about ourselves and the world , take this sacrament .
It is the most effective tool for understanding , and it 's part of your heritage as a human being .
Tags : psychedelic
Rating : Teen - Drugs
Posted on : 2005-07-01 14:00:36
Andrew Leonard :
There can be no doubt : Dr. Borlaug ’s signal contribution : breeding varieties of wheat and rice that could absorb the extra nitrogen provided by chemical fertilizer vastly expanded grain production in Latin America and Asia , saving hundreds of millions of people from starvation .
It is an astonishing accomplishment , one of the great achievements of science in the twentieth century .
But as we plunge into the 21st century , we must ask ourselves , again and again : Is the Green Revolution sustainable ?
Borlaug himself noted that “ If the world population continues to increase at the same rate , we will destroy the species . ”
It is one of modern science ’s great paradoxes that the population growth that made his breakthroughs such life - savers , also ensured even more population growth .
And even putting aside the question of how many human life forms the planet can support , there ’s also the problem that the production of key components of synthetic fertilizer requires significant fossil fuel consumption .
How long can that go on ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Photo Gallery Munich's Oktoberfest Opens
This weekend Munich 's mayor , Christian Ude , opened the 176th Oktoberfest with the words " O'zapft is ! " ( " It 's tapped ! " in the Bavarian dialect ) .
Organizers are expecting 6 million visitors over the course of the 16 - day festival but want to show the world a tamer celebration than in previous years .
CHECKPOINT : Heavy - handed Prestwick police demanded an MP hand over his passport
Travellers are set to be routinely stopped by police and asked to show a passport or other form of identification just to cross the Border at domestic airports .
Opposition MPs last night branded the procedure – which is already being frequently used in Scotland under the Terrorism Act 2000 – as “ utterly and completely unacceptable ” .
Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling , who was asked to show his passport on arrival at Prestwick Airport last week , has now vowed to lobby for a change in existing legislation at Westminster .
He said : “ I think we must be very careful here indeed .
It ca n’t become the norm that you must take your passport with you when you travel to Scotland for the day .
“ Where do you draw the line ?
Will you introduce police checks at Glasgow Central next ?
Do we want to end up with border checkpoints at Gretna Green ?
Where do you fi nish with all this ?
“ Why aviation rather than train or car or whatever ?
There ’s a real danger here . ”
On Wednesday , Mr Grayling was among five Conservative MPs asked for ID at Prestwick , Ayrshire , after arriving on a Ryanair flight from London Stansted .
Domestic passengers are usually checked for photographic ID before boarding their plane , but the Shadow Home Secretary said he was also asked to produce his passport at a police checkpoint upon arrival .
The Terrorism Act 2000 gives police forces the power to stop anyone for identification checks , which can include showing a passport .
Mr Grayling now fears the procedure could become more widespread and be used for regular identity checks on British citizens .
He said : “ It was like when you normally get off the plane and go through passport control except that there was a police officer sitting at the desk .
“ The officer said he wanted to see my passport , which I happened to have with me , and I asked what it was all about , you know , to have to go through a passport control in Scotland and he just kind of grunted at me .
“ It was n’t a spontaneous check .
It was quite clear it was not just some one - off check to clear a particular security problem . ”
He said : “ I do n’t believe for a second the Terrorism Act 2000 was intended to be used for routine checks on passengers arriving by internal fl ights within the UK .
“ My own view is that if police forces are doing this as a matter of routine we need to change our whole guidance on it or change the law itself .
“ What we ca n’t do is discredit counter terror laws by allowing them [ police forces ] to misinterpret it and that is what is happening here . ”
Mr Grayling plans to write to the Chief Constable of Strathclyde Police , the force covering Prestwick and Glasgow Airports , to demand an explanation and is considering forcing through a change in the Terrorism Act .
However , terrorism expert David Capitanchick , from Robert Gordon University , in Aberdeen , said he had no objection to any form of increased security at airports .
He said : “ I think there ’s quite a lot of counter - terrorism activity going on at the moment among police and security services in Scotland because there has been particular concern that there has n’t been much attention paid in Scotland to possibilities of terrorism and that ’s the reason for it .
“ Because there was never an IRA attack in Scotland or anything like that the general feeling is that people are not particularly concerned and they should be . ”
Maradona commonly wears several earrings
Italian police have seized earrings from Argentina 's football coach Diego Maradona in an effort to recover unpaid taxes from his playing days at Napoli .
Maradona handed over the earrings , worth some 4,000 euros ( £ 3,600 ) , at a health clinic in northern Italy .
Italian news agency Ansa said Maradona faced a bill of 37 m euros from his time at Napoli , where he played a starring role between 1984 and 1991 .
His trip to the health clinic follows a string of defeats for Argentina .
The results , for which Maradona has taken much of the blame , have left the team in danger of not qualifying for the World Cup for the first time since 1970 .
The Argentina coach , a regular visitor to the health clinic , was reportedly being treated for weight problems and stress .
Three years ago , police took two Rolex watches worth an estimated 10,000 euros from Maradona during a visit to Naples .
At the time , the tax police said it was acting on a judicial order authorising the seizure of anything of value " within plain sight " .
Notes from a Jewish and Christian Orthodox Dialogue1
Bucharest , Romania , October 29 - 31,1979 , a follow - up of the dialogue held in March of 1977 in Lucerne , Switzerland .
Under the Sponsorship of Patriarch Justinian of Romania and Chief Rabbi Moses Rosen of Romania
By Father John S. Romanides
The meeting was chaired jointly by H.E. Metropolitan Damaskinos of Tranoupolis , 2 Director of the Orthodox Center of the Ecumenical Patriarchate at Chambesy , Switzerland and Prof. Shemaryahu Talmon , Chairman of the Jewish Council for Inter - religious Consultations in Israel , Professor of Bible , Institute of Jewish Studies and Dean of the Faculty of Humanities , Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
The papers presented during the sessions of the first day had been prepared and presented by Prof.
Michael Wyschogrod of the City University of New York entitled “ Tradition and Society in Judaism ” and the Orthodox paper had been prepared by Deacon Elie Jones Golitzin of the Institut Des Sciences Bibliques , Faculte de Theologie ; Suisse entitled “ The role of the Bible in Orthodox Tradition ” .
3
Before the meeting began I had distributed a study about the Logos in the Old Testament according to the Fathers of the Orthodox Ecumenical Councils .
The Jewish representatives reacted by pointing out that is was the first time that they encountered Christians who could point out Who the Logos is in the Old Testament and also asked permission to reproduce this little paper and distribute it .
The two conference papers on “ Bible and Tradition ” had essentially such similar positions which made it possible to terminate discussion early .
In the light of this I asked whether I may pose a question to the Jewish chairman in the light of the paper I had distributed before the meeting began .
My question was , “ Is the Angel of the Lord Who appeared to Moses in the burning bush a manifestation of God ? ” “ Of course it is ! ” came the rapid answer .
I reacted with the following question , “ Is He created or uncreated ? ”
Then the reply shot back , “ Of course uncreated !
We Jews do not believe that God reveals Himself by means of creatures ! ”
I quickly retorted , “ That is our Orthodox doctrine of the Holy Trinity ” .
Then the Jewish chairman reacted with , “ then why all the philosophical terms like “ one essence , ” ” three hypostases ” and “ homoousion ” ?
I replied that “ These terms were reactions to heretics who had been transforming the Church ’s doctrine into philosophical systems , whereas , ” I continued , “ the only purpose of such terms was to guarantee the cure of the center of the human personality by means of the purification of the heart , its illumination and the glorification of the whole person ” .
The Jews reacted with the information that this is the Hassidim tradition .
Then I asked whether this is also that of the modern Hassidim .
They answered that , “ as far as we know it probably is ” .
But this is not only the tradition of the Hassidim .
It was and has been the very foundation of prophethood and apostleship of both the Old and New Testaments and the ongoing life of the Church since Pentecost .
The only way one becomes a member of the Body of Christ is by means of the purification of the heart completed by its illumination and glorification both in this life and the next .
I have been a member of WCC General Assemblies since Nairobi 1975 and of Central Committee since Vancouver 1983 .
I have heard a lot of Protestant claims of being moved by God ’s Holy Spirit .
However , the only sign of being really moved by the uncreated Holy Spirit of God is this purification , illumination of the heart , and glorification , which is the foundation of the Ecumenical Councils sponsored by New Rome .
This therapy cures fantasies , among which religions are capable of being extremely dangerous .
This is why the tradition — of the Old and New Testaments and the Ecumenical Councils sponsored by New Rome — is not at all a religion .
On the contrary this tradition is the cure of the sickness of Religion .
Although the Jews at this meeting pointed out to us that our Orthodox tradition of the cure of the human personality by means of the purification and illumination of the heart and glorification was that of Old Testament Hasidim , this did not become part of the résumé of our discussions which follows .
“ The center of discussion was the relation between Scripture and Tradition with a focus on the interpretation of Scripture in Tradition .
It was found that both sides agree that the interpretation that the interpretation of Scripture was always inextricably bound to the text of Scripture since tradition is first and foremost the tradition of revelation .
Furthermore , both sides stressed that Scripture and Tradition came into existence in a faithful community which preserves them but also , which interprets and applies them to its ongoing life , as the authority and source of its identity ” .
“ The text of Scripture and its interpretation are both the result of or part of revelation at whose center is God ’s revelation to Moses on Mt Sinai .
“ The Jewish tradition of the revelation of the written and oral Torah on Mt. Sinai was found to have a parallel in the Orthodox Christian tradition whereby God revealed on Sinai His uncreated Torah [ the Logos ] and thus inspired Moses to give His chosen people the created or written Torah ” .
“ The centrality of God ’s revelation of Himself to Moses for Jewish and Orthodox Christian understandings of faith and spirituality became evident from the discussions ” .
“ It was found that in spite of the well known differences in belief there are nevertheless areas of identity and similarity which would be worthwhile to explore in an ongoing dialogue ” .
“ It was therefore decided that the subject of investigation for the next meeting would be the subject of the law in the spiritual and social life of the Jewish and Orthodox Christian tradition ” .
Footnotes
September will be a big month for Glenn Howerton
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , where he serves as a writer , executive producer and of course an actor -- playing the ever narcissistic Dennis -- is back for Season 5 , and Howerton will also soon be frequently heard on FOX's new animated series , the Family Guy spinoff The Cleveland Show
I recently spoke to Howerton about It 's Always Sunny and what 's to come , along with what it 's like to enter the world of animation with Cleveland
Glenn+Howerton+in+<i>
It's + Always + Sunny+in+Philadeliphia</i>
We 're doing a good mix this year of some good topical stuff and newsworthy kind of stuff and then also doing smaller episodes that are more relationship based .
Kind of like last season , we had " Mac 's Banging the Waitress " , which was really just a small , very contained episode with just me and Mac and Charlie and The Waitress .
So yeah , this year we 're tackling some of the things that are happening in the news , like the mortgage crisis and the economy .
We 're also doing an episode where we put on a big wrestling match for the troops coming back from overseas - that 's a really good one .
But then we 're doing some smaller stuff , like Mac and I decide not to be roommates anymore .
We decide to take a break – it parallels a divorce scenario .
And all of our relationships of course get pulled into that awful world of having to deal with our divorce .
The Waitress is getting married .
We throw an intervention on Frank , because he 's pretty much getting out of control .
He 's just getting wasted all the time and he wants to bang our dead mom 's sister .
All kinds of crazy s**t , man .
It 's gonna be great !
I honestly have to say , this season is going to be really good .
Rob [ McElhenney ] and I have been sitting in the editing room every day .
We have n't had Charlie [ Day ] , because Charlie 's shooting a movie in New York .
So we 've been without Charlie this year , which is weird .
But I 've got to say , these cuts that we 're working on …
By this point , we 're usually just sick of these episodes , but they 're still making me laugh , so that 's a good sign .
I do n't want to give away too much .
I will say this – Mac and I and Charlie have created a triumvirate tag team called the Birds of War .
And there is a Birds of War theme song that we come out to .
There 's great Birds of War costumes .
And most exciting of all is that Rowdy Roddy Piper is going to be in that episode .
I grew up watching that guy wrestle .
I 'm actually reading his autobiography right now , which is just extraordinary .
He 's a great guy .
He 's an interesting cat .
Yeah , they want us to do that , actually .
There 's a very good chance , if the dates work out , that we may be doing that sometime in September .
We 'll see .
It 's not definite .
If we do [ go on RAW ] , our plan is to come on as the Birds of War .
We may have a little bit of beef with somebody .
We 'll see .
" Look deep into nature , and then you will understand everything better " -- Albert Einstein
This galaxy , as seen by Hubble , is 50 million light years away .
The new telescopes promise even sharper images .
( CNN ) --
It may not be possible to travel back in time , but seeing stars and galaxies as they looked millions or even billions of years ago is no problem thanks to telescopes , the closest thing we have to time machines .
Now , astronomers are holding their breath to see what they 'll observe and discover with a new generation of huge telescopes set to be built around the world .
Peering ever deeper into space and further back in time , the powerful devices will be able to show what the universe was like when it was just a few hundred million years old and emerging from a period of total darkness after the Big Bang .
" [ We 'll be ] looking at the first generation of stars forming in the universe , which is kind of a cool idea :
The time when the lights went on in the universe .
There was no light before that time , " said Daniel Fabricant , associate director of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
His institution is one of several research organizations and universities developing the Giant Magellan Telescope , to be built in Las Campanas , Chile , by 2018 .
' Eye on the sky '
Bigger is better in the world of reflecting telescopes , which rely on primary mirrors to collect light .
The bigger the primary mirror , the more light it can gather and the fainter the objects astronomers can see .
The world 's largest optical and infrared telescopes have primary mirrors that measure about 10 meters ( 32 feet ) across .
But the Giant Magellan Telescope will more than double that diameter , with a monster primary mirror spanning almost 25 meters ( 80 feet ) .
If the Magellan is the first new - generation star gazer to be built , it may not remain the record holder for long .
Another consortium of organizations and universities is preparing to construct the aptly named Thirty Meter Telescope on the Mauna Kea summit in Hawaii , also scheduled for completion in 2018 .
Big Bang 101  The Big Bang Model is a broadly accepted theory for the origin and evolution of the universe .
 It suggests that about 13.7 billion years ago , the portion of the universe we can see today was only a few millimeters across .
 It has since expanded from this hot , dense state into the vast and much cooler cosmos we live in .
 The Big Bang did not happen at a single point in space as an " explosion . "
 It is better thought of as the simultaneous appearance of space everywhere in the universe .
 The " Dark Ages , " a period of time when there was no light , followed the Big Bang .
 The first objects illuminated the universe a few hundred million years later .
Source : NASA.gov
Trumping them all may be the European Extremely Large Telescope , dubbed " the world 's biggest eye on the sky , " which is to have a primary mirror 42 meters ( 137 feet ) in diameter and is also scheduled to start operation in 2018 .
No site has been chosen , though Argentina , Chile , Morocco and Spain are being considered .
Astronomers hope these giants will fill in gaps in knowledge about key moments in the early days of the universe .
See some of the amazing photos taken by the Hubble Space Telescope
" Right now , we can see to almost 13 billion years [ back ] , but our best models tell us the age of the universe is almost 14 billion years , so it 's this whole epoch when galaxies are actually first starting to form that we can't really see very well , " said Elizabeth Barton , an assistant professor of astronomy at the University of California , Irvine , and a member of the Science Advisory Committee for the Thirty Meter Telescope .
" So the Thirty Meter Telescope will let us do things like find some of the first galaxies to form and characterize them to figure out what the conditions were actually like and how big these things were when they were forming . "
Blog : Will the Big Crunch follow the Big Bang ?
Seeing the past
Looking so far back in time may sound like science fiction , but it 's possible because light travels at a finite speed and takes a certain amount of time to get from one place to another , said Marla Geha , an assistant professor of astronomy at Yale University .
In our own cosmic neighborhood , it takes the light from the sun eight minutes to reach Earth , so when you look at a beautiful sunrise , you see the star as it appeared eight minutes ago .
If the sun were to suddenly go dark , you would n't know it for those several minutes .
The same concept of seeing objects as they appeared in the past holds true on a much bigger scale .
" The light from the nearest star [ outside the solar system ] takes a couple of years to get to us .
The light from the farthest star in the Milky Way takes 100,000 years to get to us , " Geha said .
" Since the universe is about 14 billion years old , and as we 're looking at things that are farther away , we 're looking at light that 's taken half or more than half of the age of the universe to get to us . "
Some of that light is from the first stars to ever form -- fascinating to astronomers because they were probably much larger and brighter than those we find in the present - day universe , Fabricant said .
Closer to home , astronomers hope to see planets orbiting other stars -- perhaps young " Earths " in the process of formation -- and observe other solar systems , he added .
Sharper than Hubble
The pictures will likely be spectacular .
Despite being ground - based , all of the next - generation telescopes promise images several times sharper than those produced by the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope thanks to adaptive optics , technology that corrects for the " wiggling " of the Earth 's atmosphere .
Twinkling stars may be romantic to look at , but they 're a big headache for astronomers trying to get a sharp picture .
One way to combat the distortion is to shoot laser beams into the sky to create fake stars and then measure how their appearance is changed by the atmosphere and take the appropriate counter - measures -- all at hundreds of times a second .
" You know what a perfect image looks like , you know what you observe , and then you know what you need to do to correct the image , " Fabricant said .
" The idea is ... to have the mirror wiggle exactly opposite to take out the twinkling , " Geha added .
Until the ground - based giants are built , Hubble 's successor , the James Webb Space Telescope , will be helping to answer key questions about the universe .
Webb is scheduled to be launched in 2014 , about the time Hubble 's mission will end .
Operating much farther from Earth and equipped with a primary mirror more than twice the diameter of Hubble 's , Webb is designed to look deeper into space to see the earliest stars and galaxies , according to NASA .
Researchers on the competing projects say there 's a certain rivalry about making the big discoveries but emphasize that the most important thing is that somebody makes them .
" It 's a competition where you want the other guy to succeed as well , " Fabricant said .
All About Astronomy • Hubble Space Telescope
A new paper from the New America Foundation urges that US to adopt a policy of moderate inflation in order to allevieate the massive public and private debt burden .
Authored by Chris Hayes , the Washington DC editor of the Nation , the paper argues that too much debt will have a deadening effect on the economy , as people are consigned to “ debtor serfdom ” and the government cannot afford to provide basic services because of the cost of making its debt payments .
“ The surest way to avoid such a fate is to jettison a central , indeed the central axiom of post - 1970s neoliberal global capitalism , and that is to embrace a period of moderate , sustained inflation , ” Hayes argues .
He provides this chart showing that our debt has grown while inflation has stayed low .
Liberal political blogger Matthew Yglesias applauds the idea .
And obviously the Nation editor is a man of the left .
So it ’s odd that both would be urging a policy that would wind up severely restricting the ability of the government to borrow money .
Over the long term this “ inflate our way out of debt ” would be viewed by investors — both foreign and domestic — as a policy of covert default .
Other countries that have tried to use inflation to wipe out debt have found that borrowing becomes much harder and more expensive .
It would also make banks hesitant to lend , except at interest rates high enough that the yield would n’t be devoured by inflation .
Fortunately , not everyone in DC is jumping on board the inflate our way to debt - freedom bandwagon .
Daniel Indiviglio a the Atlantic spells out a number of problems with the idea .
It would more or less make future Keynesian stimulus spending from debt impossible .
It would really , really piss off China .
The savings of ordinary people would get wiped out .
The banking sector would get even more roughed up .
We 'd probably create new asset bubbles that would explode and endanger the economy . “
" The debt situation we 're in is a serious one , " he writes " It might result in lower growth until it 's under control , but I think that 's a bitter pill we 'll have to swallow given the lifestyle we 've led as a nation and individuals .
The only good solution is to spend more responsibly on national and personal levels .
A supposed easy way out like inflation will just result in other negative consequences . "
Organizers of the " Out In Africa " gay and lesbian film festival in South Africa are seriously pissed : some homophobic jerks tore down all the posters for the fest , some 700 of 'em attached to poles and lamp - posts about town .
There are two reasons this is upsetting : one , it is a clear message of intimidation and intolerance .
Two : nobody should desecrate good graphic design , and these posters are really nice .
An outraged Out in Africa South African Gay and Lesbian Film Festival director Nodi Murphy has lodged a complaint with police .
" Some stupid twits with more time on their hands than brains trashed our gorgeous posters .
And for what ? "
Our gorgeous posters have been trashed ( Out In Africa , via Kalaya'an Mendoza )
When it comes to understanding a critical junction in animal evolution , some short , simple flatworms have been a real thorn in scientists ’ sides .
Specialists have jousted over the proper taxonomic placement of a group of worms called Acoelomorpha .
This collection of worms , which comprises roughly 350 species , is part of a much larger group called bilateral animals , organisms that have symmetrical body forms , including humans , insects and worms .
The question about acoelomorpha , was :
Where do they fit in ?
To scientists , acoelomorpha , has been enigmatic , a “ rogue animal , ” said Casey Dunn , an evolutionary biologist at Brown University .
“ It has been wandering throughout the animal tree of life . ”
The worm wanders no more .
Through a laborious genetic sequencing analysis , Dunn and an international team of scientists have settled the long - standing debate and determined that acoelomorpha belongs as a sister clade to other bilateral animals .
The finding is significant , Dunn said , because it shows the worm is a product of the deepest split within the bilateral animals , the first evolutionary divergence within the group .
Because of that , scientists have gained a key insight into the most recent common ancestor to bilaterians , a species that remains unknown .
The worm is “ as distant as an animal can be in bilateria and still be a bilaterian , ” said Dunn , assistant professor of biology .
“ So , now we have two perspectives to ( find out about ) this common ancestor , the acoelomorphs and all the other bilateral animals . ”
The results appear online this week in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
The team , composed of 17 scientists from the United States , France Germany , Sweden , Spain and the United Kingdom , had two more interesting findings :
The debate appears to be over for Xenoturbella , a type of marine worm whose ancestral affiliation had been tossed between worms and mollusks .
The researchers reported their genetic analysis shows diminishing evidence for placing xenoturbella within Deuterostomia , one of the major groups within the animal kingdom .
Coincidentally , it also shows that xenoturbella may be a close relative to acoelomorpha .
Cycliophora , a single species discovered in 1994 that lives on the bristles surrounding the mouth of the Norway lobster Nephrops norvegicus , has found a home with Entoprocta and Ectoprocta .
The researchers base their findings on an analysis that reached further into the genetic makeup of cycliophora than previous studies had done .
The team used a genetic sequencing technique called expressed sequence tags to carry out the phylogenetic studies .
The aim of this approach , discusssed in a study led by Dunn that appeared in Nature last year , is to analyze a large number of genes from a large number of animals .
For this paper , the researchers looked at 1,487 genes , a 10 - fold increase in the number of genes analyzed in previous studies .
In all , the researchers logged 2.25 million processor hours on a supercomputer in California to obtain the results .
Dunn called the effort the most computationally intensive phylogenetic analysis to date .
Other scientists who contributed to the research are Andreas Hejnol , Mark Martindale and Elaine Seaver , University of Hawaii ; Matthias Obst , Goteborg University , Sweden ; Alexandros Stamatakis and Michael Ott , Technical University of Munich , Germany ; Greg Rouse , Scripps Institution of Oceanography ; Gregory Edgecombe , Natural History Museum , London ; Pedro Martinez and Jaume Baguna , Universitat de Barcelona , Spain ; Xavier Bailly , Station Biologique de Roscoff , France ; Ulf Jondelius , Swedish Museum of Natural History ; Matthias Wiens and Werner Muller , Johannes - Gutenberg - University Mainz , Germany ; Ward Wheeler , American Museum of Natural History ; and Gonzalo Giribet , Harvard University .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation and the San Diego Supercomputing Center .
Black - White Conflict Is n’t Society ’s Largest
It may surprise anyone following the charges of racism that have flared up during the debate over President Obama ’s health care proposals , but a survey taken this summer found that fewer people perceived there are strong conflicts between blacks and whites than saw strong conflicts between immigrants and the native born , or between rich people and poor people .
A majority ( 55 % ) of adults said there are “ very strong ” or “ strong ” conflicts between immigrants and people born in the United States .
Nearly as many — 47 % — said the same about conflicts between rich people and poor people , according to a nationally representative survey by the Pew Research Center Social & Demographic Trends project .
The survey found that about four - in - ten ( 39 % ) believe there are serious conflicts between blacks and whites , and only a quarter ( 26 % ) see major generational divisions between the young and old .
The findings come at a time when discussions about the role of racism in American society has featured heavily in media coverage of Obama ’s presidency — triggered first by the arrest in July of a prominent African - American Harvard professor in his own home , and more recently by the assertion by former President Jimmy Carter that much of the opposition to Obama ’s policies is racially motivated .
The Pew Research survey was conducted from July 20 to Aug. 2 , shortly after the Harvard incident but before President Carter ’s recent comments .
Different Groups See Different Levels of Conflict
The survey found some notable demographic patterns in the public ’s perceptions of social conflicts .
For example , blacks , Hispanics and women are significantly more likely than whites and men to say major conflicts exist between groups in at least three of the four areas tested in the survey .
Blacks , in particular , consistently see more social conflict than do other demographic groups .
But not even blacks believe that racial conflict is the most prevalent kind of conflict in the country today .
A bare majority of blacks ( 53 % ) say there are “ very strong / strong ” conflicts between blacks and whites .
At the same time , nearly two - thirds of blacks ( 65 % ) say there are significant conflicts between the rich and poor , and 61 % say there are significant conflicts between immigrants and the native born .
Blacks also are twice as likely as whites to see major generational conflicts ( 42 % vs. 21 % ) .
The pattern is mixed among other groups .
Older adults are significantly less likely than younger people to see strong conflicts between immigrants and native born and between the rich and the poor , but just as likely to see serious generational differences and racial disputes .
Similarly , half of all Democrats ( 46 % ) but a only third of Republicans ( 33 % ) say there are serious conflicts between blacks and whites .
The partisan perceptions gap is even bigger on perceptions of conflicts between the rich and poor : a 55 % majority of Democrats see very serious or serious conflicts between haves - and have - nots , compared with 38 % of Republicans .
At the same time , there is no significant difference by party affiliation in perceptions about conflicts between immigrants and native born or between the generations .
Social Conflict in American Life
To measure perceptions of social conflict , a total of 1,815 persons age 16 and older were interviewed July 20 - Aug.
2 , 2009 .
Respondents were asked in separate questions “ In all countries , there are differences or conflicts between different social groups .
In your opinion , in America , how much conflict is there between … ” blacks and whites , the poor and the rich , young people and older people , and immigrants and people born in the United States .
Respondents were then given these answer options : “ very strong conflicts , strong conflicts , not very strong conflicts , there are not conflicts ” for each domain .
Disagreements between immigrants and native - born Americans emerge as the most prevalent and serious type of social conflict among those tested in the survey .
A clear majority ( 55 % ) of adults say there are “ very strong ” or “ strong ” conflicts between these groups , including 18 % who say there are “ very strong ” conflicts and 37 % who describe them as “ strong . ”
Hispanics in particular see serious clashes between these groups : nearly seven - in - ten ( 68 % ) say there are major conflicts between immigrants and the native born , a view shared by half of whites ( 53 % ) and six - in - ten blacks ( 61 % ) .
At the same time , those born outside the United States are no more likely than the native born to say there are serious conflicts between immigrants and people born in the U.S. ( 56 % for native born vs. 53 % for foreign born ) .
Nearly half of respondents ( 47 % ) say there are serious conflicts between the rich and poor — a double - digit decline in perceptions of economic - class - based conflict from 1987 when the General Social Survey found that 59 % saw “ very strong ” or “ strong ” conflicts between the two groups .
In the Pew Research survey , adults older than age 65 are significantly less likely than people under the age of 50 to see serious divisions by economic class ( 36 % vs. 51 % ) .
Blacks ,
Hispanics , Democrats and women also are more likely that other groups to perceive major disputes between economic classes .
Perhaps surprisingly , income seems to have little relationship with perceptions of rich - poor conflicts .
Slightly less than half ( 46 % ) of those with annual family incomes of $ 100,000 or more say there are serious conflicts between the rich and poor — and so does a virtually identical share ( 47 % ) of those earning less than $ 30,000 .
About four - in - ten Americans see major conflicts between blacks and whites , including 53 % of blacks and 47 % of Hispanics , but a significantly smaller share of whites ( 35 % ) .
Only 26 % see major conflicts between young people and older adults — a view shared by virtually identical proportions of older ( 26 % ) and younger adults ( 28 % ) .
As with the rich - poor divide , the proportion of Americans who see a great deal of generational conflict has declined substantially :
In the 1992 GSS survey , fully 42 % saw major divisions between the old and young .
Race and Perceptions of Social Conflicts
Blacks were more likely than whites to see “ very strong ” or “ strong ” conflicts in three of the four areas .
In the fourth domain — disagreements between immigrants and native born — the difference also was large but fell just short of statistical significance ( 61 % for blacks vs. 53 % for whites ) .
Nearly two - thirds ( 65 % ) of blacks but 43 % of whites say major disagreements exist between rich people and poor people , a view shared by 55 % of Hispanics .
The racial divide is nearly as wide on perceptions of racial conflict .
A majority of blacks ( 53 % ) but slightly more than a third of whites ( 35 % ) say major conflicts exist between the two races .
Hispanics also are more likely than whites to see serious disagreements between blacks and whites ( 47 % vs. 35 % ) .
The gap is narrowest between blacks and whites on conflicts between immigrants and the foreign born , 61 % vs. 53 % , an eight - point gap .
But there is a 15 - point gap between Hispanics ( 68 % ) and whites ( 53 % ) on this question .
There is also a sizable gap in views about generational conflicts : blacks are twice as likely as whites to see major conflicts between the generations ( 42 % vs. 21 % ) , a view shared by 39 % of Hispanics .
The Politics of Social Conflict
The issue of race has been thrust onto center - stage of American politics this summer .
In July , President Obama hosted a “ beer summit ” at the White House to try to smooth over a controversy he helped to fuel with his comments at a press conference regarding the arrest of a black Harvard professor by a white Cambridge policeman .
More recently , prominent Democrats such as former President Carter have publicly speculated that race — and , by implication , racism — is behind some of the attacks on President Obama at venues ranging from town - hall meetings to the floor of Congress .
Meanwhile , Republicans accuse Democrats of playing the race card to deflect legitimate criticisms of the president ’s policies .
The Pew Research survey suggests these very different views on black - white relations reflect deeper partisan and ideological differences .
Nearly half of Democrats say there are “ very strong conflicts ” ( 10 % ) or “ strong conflicts ” ( 36 % ) between blacks and whites .
In contrast , only about a third of Republicans say racial disputes are as serious ( 7 % say these conflicts are “ very strong ” while 26 % characterize them as “ strong ” ) .
At the same time , nearly six - in - ten Republicans ( 59 % ) say there are no major areas of contention between the races , a view shared by 48 % of Democrats .
Conservative Republicans are significantly more likely than liberal Democrats to see relatively few racial conflicts ( 63 % vs. 50 % ) .
But their counterparts on the left — self - described liberal Democrats — are no more likely than other Democrats to say major conflicts exist between blacks and whites ( 48 % for liberal Democrats vs. 45 % for moderate or conservative Democrats ) .
This partisan divide on social conflicts also exists on another issue tested in the survey .
A majority of Democrats ( 55 % ) but just 38 % of Republicans see serious conflicts between the rich and poor .
However , the partisan - perception gap does not extend to other areas of American life .
An equal share of Republicans ( 57 % ) and Democrats ( 56 % ) say major conflicts exist between immigrants and native - born Americans .
Similarly , roughly a quarter of each party believe there are major conflicts between the young and older generations .
Big Majority Sees at Least One Area of Major Social Conflicts
To provide an overview of public attitudes toward social conflicts , a simple scale was created based on the four types of conflicts measured in the survey — rich and poor , black and white , immigrants and native born and young people and older adults .
The scale totaled the number of realms in which each respondent believes “ very strong ” or “ strong conflicts ’ currently exist .
For example , if a respondent says very strong or strong conflicts exist in all four areas , the respondent ’s score would be four .
If a respondent reports no strong conflicts in response to all four questions , his or her score would be zero .
Overall , fully three - quarters of those surveyed ( 76 % ) say that serious conflicts currently exist in at least one of the four areas tested .
About half ( 51 % ) report major conflicts in two or more areas .
At the same time , nearly a quarter ( 24 % ) say there are no major disputes between groups , while , at the other extreme , only about one - in - ten say there are serious conflicts in all four domains .
Blacks are more than twice as likely as whites and somewhat more likely than Hispanics to see major conflicts in three or more areas ( 50 % for blacks vs. 24 % for whites and 43 % for Hispanics ) .
Democrats , too , are more likely than Republicans ( 36 % vs. 22 % ) or political independents ( 26 % ) to see three or more areas of serious disagreement .
Political liberals saw more disagreements overall than conservatives ( 34 % vs. 26 % ) .
The perceptions gaps are smaller among other demographic groups .
Women ( 33 % ) are more likely than men ( 26 % ) to see three or more areas of serious conflict while the foreign born are more likely than people born in the U.S. to see multiple areas of disagreement ( 37 % vs. 29 % ) .
One month after Kotaku 's last Wii stats report , here are the 10 games that get the most play by their owners / renters on the Wii .
Advertisement
( click the chart to enlarge it )
As always , note that this is NOT a list of the most popular games on the Wii .
It 's neither a rank of the best - reviewed games nor the biggest - selling .
Advertisement
Nope .
This monthly report is a study of the games that — once they are owned or rented — get played the most .
Think of this as a way of finding out which games prove to be most worth the money spent on them .
Or think of is as a chart of the games that most pleased those who popped them into their Wii .
And when you look at it that way , you 've got to respect the impressive rise of Call of Duty : World At War .
Some readers of this site thought it strange that I kept asking Activision what the plans would be for the CoD franchise on Wii this year .
Earlier this week we broke the news of what those Call of Duty Wii 2009 plans are .
And do you see why I was asking ?
That million - seller , powered by online multiplayer , continues to average a high number of hours for its users .
Advertisement
Other stand - outs on this chart are :
- The flattening of Guitar Hero play times vs. the rising play times of Rock Band 2 .
- The impending rise of Animal Crossing to the second most - played game on the system ...
Can it catch Smash Bros ?
- The , in my mind , inexplicable continued rise of Fire Emblem .
I get that people like this solo - only game .
I do too .
But other solo - only games , like Zelda are n't rising at the same rate .
Any theories ?
Advertisement
No new titles cracked the top 10 this month .
Where 's all this from ?
( AKA an explanation of the above chart for stat junkies only ) :
In a move somewhat surprising for the generally secretive company , Nintendo makes all of this data public .
Any Wii owner can download the Nintendo Channel to their Wii and begin browsing for games .
Any game that has been played enough times has usage stats listed for it , contributed by anyone who chose to share their data with the channel .
The sample size that the channel tracks is pretty good .
We calculate it by looking at Wii Sports usage numbers , which show that more than 72.5 million sessions of that game have been played by Nintendo Channel users ( up 3.5 million in the last month ) , for an average of 28.92 sessions per player .
That divides to more than 2.5 million Wii Sports users whose gaming has been tracked by the channel .
Since almost all Wii Sports owners would be Wii users , we will venture that as many as 2.5 million people are contributing stats .
That is up from 2.4 million people when these numbers were ran for July 1 .
ADELAIDE , Australia , Sept. 8 ( UPI ) -- Australian authorities said two girls lost in a drainage well system used their phones to update their Facebook statuses instead of calling police .
Glenn Benham , a spokesman for the Metropolitan Fire Service in Adelaide , said the girls , ages 10 and 12 , posted Facebook updates saying they were lost in a storm drain in the city 's south suburbs and a friend who noticed the updates called police , Britain 's The Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
The girls were rescued at 7:30 p.m. and did not require medical attention , emergency responders said .
" It is a worry for us because it causes a delay on us being able to rescue the girls , " Benham told the Australian Broadcasting Corp .
" If they were able to access Facebook from their mobile phones , they could have called 000 ( the Australian emergency number ) , so the point being they could have called us directly and we could have got there quicker than relying on someone being online and replying to them and eventually having to call us via 000 anyway . "
Recently by Peter Schiff : No Exit for Ben
Have you heard the great news ?
The recession is over !
It ’s true ; I saw it on TV .
Why fret about growing unemployment lines when banks are paying big - time bonuses again ?
Proof of the turn was apparently revealed by the 2nd quarter GDP figures that showed that the economy declined by only 1 % .
After four consecutive quarters of negative GDP , the green shoots now assure that growth will resume over the summer .
But before we pop the corks , it may be worthwhile to ask , what really has changed , and what is responsible for our new lease on life ? 
In truth , because of the continued profligacy of the government and Federal Reserve , the imbalances that caused the current recession have actually worsened .
We are now in an even deeper hole than when the crisis began .
Rather than wrapping up a recession , we are actually sinking into a depression .
If things look better now , it ’s just because we are in the eye of the storm .
Crash Proof : How to Pr... Downes , John Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 8.99 ( as of 12:00 EST - Details )
We must remember that recessions inevitably follow periods of artificial growth .
During these booms , malinvestments are made which ultimately must be liquidated during the ensuing busts .
In short , mistakes made during booms are corrected during busts — and in the recent boom we made some real whoppers .
We borrowed and spent too much money , bought goods we could n’t afford , built houses we could n’t carry , and developed a service sector economy completely dependent on consumer credit and rising asset prices .
All the while , we allowed our industrial base to crumble and our infrastructure to decay .
In order to lay the foundation for real and lasting recovery , market forces must be allowed to repair the damage .
However , current policy is counterproductive to this end .
Trillions in stimulus dollars have kept the party going , but now what ?
How does deficit spending by the government address the problems that brought about the crash ?
It does n’t ; it just delays and worsens the hangover — and we have to hope we do n’t die of alcohol poisoning .
The Creature from Jeky ... G. Edward Griffin Best Price : $ 3.98 Buy New $ 18.29 ( as of 11:35 EST - Details )
By interfering with the unpleasant forces of the recession , we simply trade short - term gain for long - term pain .
By propping up inefficient companies that should fail , we deprive more effective companies of the capital they need to grow .
By holding up over - valued asset prices , we prevent the prudent or less well - off from snatching them up and , in doing so , creating a new price equilibrium based upon reality .
By maintaining artificially low interest rates , we discourage the very savings that are so critical to capital formation and future economic growth .
In addition , the false economic signals the Fed sends the market prevent a more efficient re-allocation of resources from taking place and leads to even more bad economic decision being made .
By running such huge deficits , we further crowd - out private enterprise by making it harder for businesses to invest or hire .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
The recently passed cash for clunkers  program ( currently on - hold , as it ran out of funding in one week ) is a perfect example of how government policy can make the economy worse .
By incentivizing Americans to destroy fully paid - for cars so they can go deeper into debt buying brand new ones , the government weakens an already crippled economy .
The last thing we want to do is subsidize Americans to go deeper into debt by buying more stuff .
Do n’t they realize that is precisely the behavior that got us into this mess ?
Think about it this way .
If your friend were in trouble because he had too much debt , would you encourage him to take on even more ?
Would n’t a real sign of progress be a reduction of debt , even if he had to cut back on his everyday expenses ?
What is true for an individual is also true for a collection of individuals , even if they call themselves a government . 
If , as a country , we are even deeper into debt now than we were before , we are worse off .
Period .
The fact that the additional debt enabled better short - term GDP numbers is a long - term negative .
Since we have learned nothing from past mistakes , we are condemned to repeat them .
As if we have not already suffered enough as a consequence of the Bush / Greenspan stimulus , Obama / Bernanke are giving ever - larger doses , which will prove lethal to any recovery .
The recession is over ; long live the depression !
The Best of Peter Schiff
JELAZON , West Bank — Fourteen - year - old Muhammad Nayif ’s mother broke down as she spoke to IPS .
Nayif died after being shot three times in the chest by Israeli soldiers Monday night .
Palestinian medical personnel who tried to reach the critically injured boy near the Jelazon refugee camp north of Ramallah were threatened at gunpoint by Israeli soldiers and shot at .
" We were sure that the boy was seriously wounded and needed urgent medical attention , " said Sameh Barghouti a medic in the Palestinian Red Crescent Society ( PRCS ) ambulance which tried to evacuate the youngster .
" But the soldiers pointed their guns at us and told us to go back .
When we asked to speak to their captain they shot rubber coated metal bullets and teargas canisters at the ambulance , but fortunately missed , " Barghouti told IPS .
Another ambulance driver , Osama Jarrer , was injured in the leg with a teargas canister after he too tried to reach the wounded child .
Under Israeli law teargas canisters are meant to be fired in an upward arch and not directly at protestors so as not to endanger lives .
Suliman Massoud from Jelazon who witnessed the aftermath of the shooting said an Israeli helicopter later flew the boy to hospital but he was already dead .
Israeli soldiers claimed that earlier in the evening Palestinians had thrown Molotov cocktails at the Bet El settlement near Jelazon camp , and that Nayif and several of his companions were " gunmen . "
Palestinian sources say that Nayif and his friends were neither armed nor had they thrown Molotovs .
IPS visited the area , and it would appear enormously difficult for any firebomb to reach the homes in the settlement .
The illegal settlement is on top of a steep hill , hundreds of meters from a road which divides Jelazon refugee camp from the settlement .
Palestinians are forbidden from approaching the hill that leads to the settlement .
Bet El is surrounded by a huge , razor - wire topped fence , and the houses are situated well away from it .
Israeli soldiers are positioned in guard towers around the settlement .
" The interception of the ambulances in Nayif ’s case is just the latest in a long list of such incidents we have faced through the years from the Israelis in trying to provide Palestinians with the necessary medical assistance , " says Raed Yassin , director of the Ramallah PRCS ’s emergency department .
" The problems revolve around attacks on our personnel , on the ambulances , damage to our equipment , long delays at checkpoints , and the refusal of access for critically injured patients despite having the requisite security permits from the Israelis , " Yassin told IPS .
" We had a case recently of a 16 - year - old boy with cancer from Tulkarm in the northern West Bank .
He had a permit from the Israelis but was refused entrance through Qalandia checkpoint to East Jerusalem where the specialist hospitals are . "
Mutasim Awad , director of the PRCS ’s humanitarian law unit speaks of " lack of protection for medical personnel and their vehicles and the delay and denial of access to East Jerusalem on a daily basis .
" During military operations we are regularly targeted by the Israelis in shelling and shooting attacks .
During the Gaza war 16 Palestinian medical personnel were killed , more than 30 injured , while dozens of clinics , hospitals and medical centers were bombed . "
Since 2000 , 17 PRCS personnel have been killed , 250 injured , 80 arrested , 170 ambulances damaged , and 36 ambulances completely destroyed by the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
" Despite having a memorandum of understanding with the Israeli Magen David Adom , Israel ’s equivalent of the Red Cross , we also have difficulties moving ambulances from East Jerusalem to Israeli hospitals in West Jerusalem even when they have Israeli licence plates , " Awad told IPS .
" Security is the only reason given by the Israelis even if the patient is on his deathbed .
But often it depends on the mood of the soldiers , as our ambulances can be denied entry at one checkpoint and then given access at another . "
Ann Sophie Bonefeld from the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) in Jerusalem told IPS that her organization is looking into the issue of Palestinian ambulances , personnel and patients being held up at Israeli checkpoints .
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs stated in its August report that during July UN staff members reported a total of 77 access delays or denials at checkpoints , affecting 716 UN staff members .
As a result , the UN lost 527 staff hours , or the equivalent of 70 UN staff days .
( Inter Press Service )
When the iPhone first came out , Richard Kasperowski wanted one .
But there was a problem .
The keypad on the phone 's touch screen uses the traditional keyboard configuration , called " qwerty . "
" I thought it would hurt my brain using a qwerty , " says the 39 - year - old technology director in Cambridge , Mass .
He wanted something different .
He wanted a Dvorak .
The Dvorak keyboard layout , though around for decades , is as little - known among the general typing population as it is passionately embraced by its devotees .
It is to the keyboard what Esperanto is to language and Betamax to videotape .
Fans say it lets them type at blazing fast speeds , with less strain on their hands and wrists than typing on a conventional keyboard .
Nobody else cares .
From the start , Dvorak enthusiasts have had to fight for respect .
It took decades before the Dvorak layout was officially recognized by the American National Standards Institute as an alternative to qwerty .
Now Dvorak lovers find themselves in a familiar storyline : A new platform has emerged where typing is essential -- the smart phone -- and the Dvorak layout is once again ignored .
Alec Longstreth , a 30 - year - old comic artist from White River Junction , Vt. , wo n't buy a smart phone with a standard keyboard .
" I wanted to punch my fist through the computer monitor " every time an advertisement for such a phone popped up , he says .
Photo Credit :
Photo Credit : aldo
Early Detection Rapid Response
It is a typical Tuesday afternoon in suburbia California .
Jenny , a sixteen year old girl is taking a sick day from school .
With a runny nose , she sits idly on her bed surfing Facebook .
At the same time , 2,000 miles away in Seattle , a twenty - two year old ambitious college drop - out named Kevin is on Twitter complaining about his sore throat .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the world , a 40 year old single mother in London searches Google on her phone for the location of the nearest Boots drug store so she can buy cold medicine .
If a human from 200 years ago were to look at our planet today , it would appear completely alien .
Culture shifts and technology improvements have drastically changed our perceived landscape .
One tiny part of this is the use of social media and search engines .
More than ever , teenagers are complaining about their parents joining Facebook and parents are complaining about their children interfering with their online social lives .
Together they are sharing small events like sore throats , runny noses and big events like floods and hurricanes .
Communicating online has become intertwined with our lives and has now become deeply integrated with our work , education and entertainment .
But how did this happen ?
While I do n't know for sure , I do recognize the patterns .
For companies like Twitter , Google , Digg and Facebook , it started with a small group of entrepreneurs in California whose great ideas eventually went viral and spread around the globe .
This word ‘ viral ’ describes a pattern and has become a buzzword .
It is usually used to describe the virus like spread of ideas and technologies .
The amazing idea behind a virus like spread is it expands exponentially .
Once it starts , it multiples and multiples until nothing can stop it .
It is the great irony I see in this buzzward that prompted this post .
I believe the viral nature of social media and popular technology companies is what will paradoxically allow us to prevent the viral spread of real viruses and pandemics .
This is not a new idea .
Many vaccines are in essence inert viruses fighting would - be viruses .
In 2006 , a man by the name of Dr. Larry Brilliant won the TED prize for calling for a new global system that could identify pandemics before they spread .
Dr. Brilliant ( you ca n’t make this stuff up ) is world renowned for his efforts in successfully eradicating smallpox from the planet .
Before winning the TED prize , he had been inspired by the potential of a Canadian system called GPHIN .
GPHIN is a system of web crawlers and analyzers that scour web based content looking for trends in keywords like ‘ fever ’ , ‘ cough ’ , ‘ tired ’ , ‘ sick ’ and ‘ flu ’ .
Using this methodology , GPHIN was able to detect a would - be SARS outbreak six weeks before any other system ( including the systems used by the World Health Organization ) .
Quick responding officials were able to isolate the outbreak and prevent a global pandemic .
Dr. Brilliant later said that this possible for two reasons .
Shortly after his major call for action , Dr. Brilliant was hired as Executive Director of the then newly formed Google.org .
This new philanthropic arm of Google was funded by 1 % of all Google profits .
Dr. Brilliant eventually used these resources to build an early detection system that is used today to help predict flu trends .
He built the system he called for and the world has been better off because of it .
Unfortunately , this is not where the story ends .
Larry Brilliant has since left Google for other endeavors .
GPHIN and Google Flu Trends continue to save lives but they are only the tip of the iceberg .
Google is now falling behind new competitors that dominate the ever growing real - time web .
Status updates from Twitter and Facebook are being produced and becoming obsolete so quickly that Google ’s index can’t keep up .
We saw this with Michael Jackson ’s death and we will see it again in the future .
Social media has the potential to become the greatest early detection system that the world has ever seen .
It is faster , nimbler and has more access to user data than any traditional search engine .
Not only does Facebook have the data necessary to see who is suffering from an illness , it has the data necessary to .
Twitter has the data to make similar predictions ( although less accurately because people do n’t physically spend time with Twitter friends like they do with Facebook friends ) but enjoys the added benefit of .
( 90 % of Twitter requests are made to it's API , whereas only 12 % of Facebook users access Facebook through it 's mobile apps ) .
These two social media platforms by themselves have the ability to enable ordinary people to report their symptoms in real - time .
Specialists like epidemiologists and statisticians could then identify threats ( early detection ) and use these same communication channels to direct aid workers ( rapid response ) on how best to isolate viruses before they become pandemics .
If the features of other social media platforms and modern search engines were added to this theoretical system , specialists could for the first time ever educate the global community in real time .
( Think about how many people read stories on Digg or about the much larger amount of people who read Google Adsense ads every day . )
Theory and predictions are helpful but just like verbal contracts , they are only worth the paper they are written on .
Luckily for us , this theoretical system is already becoming reality today .
People are already reporting their symptoms on Twitter and on Facebook .
Likewise , disease experts and aid workers are already using social media to organize relief efforts .
Although a unified , non-government controlled system for monitoring these platforms does n't currently exist , all of the pieces are in place .
Dr. Brilliant said that there are two steps necessary for preventing pandemics .
Social media is completing the first step ( early detection ) to a degree that even he could n't imagine .
Better still , this is not costing the public a dime .
The world is changing in parallel with the internet .
Next time you hear someone complain about " pointless " status updates , take the time to explain it to them .
Social media is powered by all of us individually .
Because of this , you have the ability to make a positive difference .
UPDATE : There has been some very healthy discussion in the comments that I would like to address here .
Thank you 0lly and Bludge for bringing this up .
Clearly , social media will have a lot of noise mixed in with legitimate concerns .
Just like good ideas , bad ideas can spread virally as well .
Paranoia and misinformation run rampant in the media and online .
So how do medical professionals use a system that will likely have a lot of misinformation and noise ?
The key is acknowledging that limitation and designing the system to account for it .
The reason that GPHIN was so successful , was not that it sent an e-mail directly to health authorities every time someone mentioned " cough " , instead it was so powerful because it used aggregate information to identifytrends .
Real people , including doctors , look over the information and decide if it is worth pursuing or not .
It is natural to assume the front end of a system like this might look something Twitter search with has every relevant Tweet visible .
This is not how it works .
Instead I think a more accurate representation would be that of Google Flu Trends ( aggregate information ) with trends that can be broken down by location and with the help of social media , broken down into social groups .
I am not and do not claim to be a medical or disease expert .
If you are , I invite you to help me make this post better .
As always , feel free to leave your thoughts in the comments below .
If you would rather not do that , feel free to e-mail me .
All of my contact information is available on my profile : Danny
Thanks !
Other Similar Discussions :
User deleted
Aug. 22 ( Bloomberg ) --
Europe ’s biggest lottery jackpot finally has a winner .
The holder , yet to be identified , bought a 2 - euro ticket in the Bar Biffi in Bagnone in central Italy , and will be able to claim the tax - free , 147 million euro ( $ 210.6 million ) jackpot in the SuperEnalotto draw , Italy ’s biggest lottery .
Tonight ’s drawing , broadcast live on RAI state television , showed the winning numbers to be 10-11-27-45-79-88 .
It was the first time since Jan. 31 that someone guessed the right combination from the 90 possible numbers in play .
Lottery fever has been on the rise in Italy , with more than 400 million euros spent on tickets in July and 300 million euros so far in August , according to Sisal SpA , the lottery company .
The biggest winner may be the Italian government , which takes in about half the revenue from ticket sales , though not everyone is excited about the lottery frenzy .
Roman Catholic
Church officials have denounced the game , with Bishop Domenico Sigalini saying it was “ immoral ” for the government to encourage it .
SuperEnalotto debuted in 1997 .
Its previous biggest jackpot was 100 million euros , won last year by the unidentified holder of a ticket purchased in the Sicilian city of Catania .
The new jackpot will start at 38 million euros .
El Gordo
Lotteries elsewhere have paid larger jackpots than today ’s draw .
Powerball , a U.S. multi-state lottery , had a winning jackpot on Aug. 20 of $ 259.9 million .
The winning ticket was bought in Columbia , the state capital of South Carolina .
Powerball winners only receive the full amount if they accept annual payouts over 29 years and also have the prize money taxed .
It was n’t immediately clear who won this week ’s jackpot , said Rebecca Hargrove , president of the Tennessee Lottery and chair of the Powerball game group .
Mega Millions , a competing multi-state lottery in the U.S. , had its biggest jackpot in March 2007 , when two winners divided a pot that reached $ 390 million .
In February last year , a Georgia man was the sole winner of a $ 227 million jackpot .
A 25 - year - old Spanish woman in May appears to hold the previous European record .
She won a 126 million euro , tax - free prize in the Euro Millions nine - country lottery .
In March , the lottery capped its maximum jackpot at 185 million euros .
Spain ’s Christmas lottery known as El Gordo , or the Fat One , is considered the world ’s largest draw with a total prize pool of more than $ 2 billion .
In that game there are thousands of winning tickets , leading to smaller individual payouts .
bloomberg
If you ’re like many Silicon Forest types , today , you ’re sitting and staring out the window at a wet and rainy September Saturday .
Sad , I know .
But instead of sighing and twiddling your thumbs , why not put those thumbs to good use — by voting ?
There are all kinds of awesome SXSW interactive panels proposed by interesting Portland people just sitting there , waiting for your opinion .
What ’s that ?
You thought SXSW voting was closed ?
Oh no , my friend .
This is your reminder that you ’ve been granted an extension — through the weekend .
So who ’s vying for SXSW speaking slots this coming spring ?
A whole bevy of Portland types are hoping to be on the bill .
Take a few minutes to read through the pitch and the questions they ’re hoping to answer .
Like it ?
Give it a thumbs up .
Do n’t like it ?
Thumbs down .
Have some feedback ?
Make sure to leave a comment .
Before you know it , you ’ll have consumed an hour or two traipsing through proposals .
Who knows ?
It might even stop raining by then .
[ HTML1 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
Maptor is this wonderful combination of a map and projector that ( predictably ) projects the desired map onto any surface .
Palm of the hand , floor , and walls included .
What I really fancy about it , is its size .
Small enough to pass off as a lipstick ( or a chapstick for you guys ) , the device is discreet enough for you to quickly hop into a quiet corner , check for directions and make your way forth .
All this without anyone knowing that you are lost or need help !
Another good thing about the Maptor is that it has GPS included ; as a result there is this big red arrow on the map that points to your current location .
Therefore getting your bearings and charting your course is easy .
Although the images of the projected map look visible enough even in daylight , I wonder if it ’s really going to be that clear in its practical avatar .
Anyways , I think this project has the potential to make it to the market and be a hit , I would love to get one for my husband , who hates to ask for directions !
Designers : Jin-Sun Park and Seon- keun Park
[ youtube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH6jVJiXBok 468 344 ]
A Member of Congress proposes to use taxpayer money to fund the development of technology to track motorists as part of a new form of taxation .
US Representative Earl Blumenauer ( D - Oregon ) introduced H.R. 3311 earlier this year to appropriate $ 154,500,000 for research and study into the transition to a per-mile vehicle tax system .
The “ Road User Fee Pilot Project ” would be administered by the US Treasury Department .
This agency in turn would issue millions in taxpayer - backed grants to well - connected commercial manufacturers of tolling equipment to help develop the required technology .
Within eighteen months of the measure ’s passage , the department would file an initial report outlining the best methods for adopting the new federal transportation tax .
“ Oregon has successfully tested a Vehicle Miles Traveled ( VMT ) fee , and it is time to expand and test the VMT program across the country , ” Blumenauer said in a statement on the bill ’s introduction .
“ A VMT system can better assess fees based on use of our roads and bridges , as well as during times of peak congestion , than a fee based on fuel consumption .
It is time to get creative and find smart ways to rebuild and renew America ’s deteriorating infrastructure . ”
In 2006 , the Oregon Department of Transportation completed its own study of how to collect revenue from motorists with a new form of tax that , like the existing fuel excise tax , imposes a greater charge on drivers the more that they drive .
The pilot project ’s final report summed up the need for a VMT tax .
“ Unfortunately , there is a growing perception among members of the public and legislators that fuel taxes have little to do with road programs and therefore should be considered ‘ just another form of taxation , ' ” the March 2006 report stated .
“ By itself , this situation appears to be preventing any increases in fuel tax rates from being put into effect . ”
The money diverted from the fuel excise tax on non-road related projects must be made up for with a brand new VMT tax , the report argued .
Merely indexing the gas tax to inflation or improvements in fleet gas mileage was rejected as “ imprecise . ”
Instead , the report urged a mandate for all drivers to install GPS tracking devices that would report driving habits to roadside Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) scanning devices .
Blumenauer is a long - time advocate of bicycling and mass transit in Congress .
Many of his largest campaign donors stand to benefit from his newly introduced legislation .
Honeywell International , for example , is a major manufacturer RFID equipment .
The company also happens to be the second biggest contributor in the current cycle to Blumenauer ’s Political Action Committee ( PAC ) , the Committee for a Livable Future .
Another top - ten donor , Accenture , is a specialist in the video tolling field .
H.R. 3311 awaits a hearing in the House Ways and Means Committee .
A copy of the bill is available in a 170k PDF file at the source link below .
Source : HR 3311 ( Congress of the United States , 9/14/2009 )
von Mathias Becker
Mehrere Tausend Menschen haben am Samstag in Berlin gegen die Vorratsspeicherung von Daten ohne konkreten Verdacht demonstriert - und mittendrin : die Piratenpartei .
Sie liegt derzeit in den Umfragen bereits bei drei Prozent .
Besichtigung eines Phänomens .
Von Mathias Becker
Langsam und behäbig wie ein Frachter , gleitet die alte , analoge Welt dahin .
Das erleben die Mitglieder der Piratenpartei derzeit immer , wenn sie einen neuen Flyer entwerfen .
" Auf einen haben wir was von 5000 Mitgliedern geschrieben " , sagt Jana Wisniowska .
" Aber als der gedruckt und ausgeliefert war , waren wir schon fast 6000 . "
Drei Jahre nach ihrer Gründung beweisen die jungen Bürgerrechtler , dass man die sinkende Wahlbeteiligung nicht nur mit Politikverdrossenheit erklären kann .
Sondern eher mit einer weit verbreiteten Ablehnung der etablierten politischen Kräfte .
Die unetablierten Piraten gewinnen jedenfalls im Vorfeld der Wahlen täglich Dutzende neue Mitglieder hinzu .
8000 sollen es mittlerweile sein .
Neue " Crews " - so nennen sich die losen Zusammenschlüsse in den Bezirken - schießen wie Pilze aus dem Boden .
Am 27 .
September könnte die Partei drei Jahre nach ihrer Gründung fast drei Prozent der Stimmen bekommen .
Aus dem Stand - und mit nur einem
Thema : Bürgerrechte .
Ein wichtiges Anliegen für viele Bürger , wie die Unterstützerliste der für Samstag angekündigten Demonstration gegen Überwachungsgesetze zeigt .
Unter dem Titel " Freiheit statt Angst " rufen über 160 Organisationen zur Teilnahme auf , darunter FDP , Grüne , Linke , Jusos und Gewerkschaften .
Die Veranstalter sagen , sie erwarten 100.000 Teilnehmer .
Gefährlicher als der heimliche Besuch im Kinderzimmer
" Ich bin im kommunistischen Polen aufgewachsen .
Wenn ich sehe , dass Freiheitsrechte gefährdet sind , muss ich etwas tun " , sagt Jana Wisniowska .
Und fügt hinzu : " Ich kann nicht anders . "
Die 38 - Jährige steht an diesem Donnerstagabend auf der Admiralbrücke in Berlin - Kreuzberg .
Die orangefarbene Parteiflagge hat sie geschultert .
Ihre Crew , die " Seetiger " , starten zu ihrem wöchentlichen " Kiez - Spaziergang " .
Das heißt : Bürger ansprechen und Flyer verteilen .
Menschen fischen .
Vor zwei Monaten hat Jana Wisniowska zum ersten Mal ein Crew - Treffen besucht .
" Das war wie ein Blitzschlag " , sagt sie .
" Vorratsdatenspeicherung , Online - Durchsuchungen , BKA - Gesetz - das sind meine Themen . "
Eine Jugend in einer
Welt ohne Meinungsfreiheit - auf diese Erfahrung können nur wenige Piraten zurückblicken .
Die meisten von ihnen erleben Überwachungsgesetze aus einem anderen Grund als Bedrohung :
Als sogenannte " Digital Natives " gehören sie einer Generation an , für die das Internet von Kindesbeinen an fester Bestandteil des Alltags ist .
Eine Generation , die in der virtuellen
Welt mindestens genauso zu Hause ist , wie in der realen .
Die über das Netz Freundschaften pflegt , einkauft , Musik hört , und Jobs sucht .
Und die zugleich ahnt , wie viele Spuren sie dabei hinterlässt .
Entsprechend kann ihnen ein Staat , der ihre Daten speichert , gefährlicher werden als jeder heimliche Besuch der Mutter im Kinderzimmer .
Die " digitale Intimsphäre " ist der emotionale Kern des Phänomens " Piratenpartei " .
Wirtschaft , Arbeit , Soziales , Umwelt ? - " Keine Position . "
" Der Roman " 1984 " von George Orwell war als Horroszenario gemeint " , sagt Florian Bischoff .
" Heute hat man eher den Eindruck , die Politik nehme ihn als Handlungsanleitung .
" Schäuble , Zypries und von der Leyen sind unsere besten Wahlkampfhelfer . "
Der Informatiker ist ein " Gründungspirat " , einer der dabei war , als die Partei 2006 aus der Taufe gehoben wurde - inspiriert vom Schwedischen Vorbild " Piratpartiet " .
Im Juni diesen Jahres errang die einen Sitz im Europaparlament .
Bischoff kandidiert bei der Bundestagswahl auf der Berliner Landesliste seiner Partei - ein Mandat außer Reichweite .
" Trotzdem . " , sagt er , " wir können Themen setzen . "
Fragt man Florian Bischoff , zu Themen wie Wirtschaft , Arbeit , Sozialem und Umwelt , bekommt man stets die gleiche Antwort : " Dazu haben wir keine Position . "
Immerhin : Die Partei hat beschlossen , Standpunkte dazu zu entwickeln .
Nach der Wahl .
" Wir sehen Überschneidungen mit FDP , Grünen und Linken " , sagt Bischoff .
Im Übrigen seien auch die Jusos Piratenfans .
Als Ein-Themen - Partei aufzutreten sieht er nicht als Problem .
" Immerhin verstehen wir etwas von dem , worüber wir reden . "
Für die digitale Demokratie
In Kreuzberg , wo ziviler Ungehorsam eine lange Tradition hat , bewegen sich die " Seetiger " mit Rückenwind voran .
Ein Schulterklopfen hier , wohlmeinende Worte da .
" Ich wähl ' Euch ! " , ruft eine Studentin auf dem Rad .
Nur hier und da ernten die Jungwahlkämpfer ein Stirnrunzeln .
Was , wenn Jörg Tauss - Ex -SPDler und Neu - Pirat - doch schuldig sei , gibt einer zu bedenken .
" Bis zu seiner Verurteilung gilt die Unschuldsvermutung " , sagt Piratin Jana Wisniowska .
Wie sie sich eine
Welt ohne Urheberrechte vorstellten , will eine Musikerin wissen .
" Wir wollen die nicht abschaffen " , sagt Andreas Pittrich , der erst Mathematik und dann Philosophie studiert hat .
Vielmehr wolle man den Direktvertrieb zwischen Musikern und Musik - Hörern stärken .
Die Musikindustrie sei im Online - Zeitalter im Grunde überflüssig .
Mit Parteien verhält es sich in den Augen der digitalen Rebellen ähnlich .
" Wir brauchen neue Wege der Themensetzung und Mitbestimmung " , sagt Florian Bischoff .
" Die Bürger müssen in der Lage sein , online über das abzustimmen , was im Bundestag verhandelt werden soll . "
" Liquid Democracy " nennen sie das .
Eine Demokratie , die das enge Korsett innerparteilicher Entscheidungsprozesse gesprengt hat .
Eine , die in der schnellen , digitalen Welt angekommen ist .
Am Kottbusser
Tor geht der " Kiez - Spaziergang " der Piraten zu Ende .
Hier , an einem der Drogenumschlagsplätze von Kreuzberg , lungern drei Sicherheitsleute am U - Bahn - Eingang herum .
Als Andreas Pittrich ihnen den Piraten - Flyer unter die Nase hält , fragt einer : " Und was ist mit Mindestlohn ? "
Dazu habe man noch keine Position , muss Pittrich antworten .
Er hoffe dennoch , sie am Samstag auf der Demo zu sehen .
" 15 Uhr , Postdamer Platz " .
" Da sehen wir uns " , sagt der Securitas - Mann .
" Wir sind für die Sicherheit zuständig . "
June 25 , 2009 -- Former " Charlie 's Angel " Farrah Fawcett died today at age 62 after a long struggle with anal cancer , her spokesman told media organizations .
Fawcett 's movie and TV roles after Charlie 's Angels included The Cannonball Run , The Burning Bed , Small Sacrifices , Extremities , and The Apostle .
Fawcett 's swimsuit poster made her an icon in the 1970s .
She and Ryan O'Neal have a son , Redmond , born in 1985 .
Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 .
At the time , Fawcett got radiation and chemotherapy to treat her cancer , but in May 2007 , Fawcett learned that her cancer was back and that it had spread to her liver as stage IV cancer .
Fawcett had traveled to Germany six times seeking cancer treatment .
That treatment included chemotherapy , surgery to remove the original anal cancer , laser treatments of the tumors in her liver , and other surgeries and procedures that were mentioned but not specified in Farrah 's Story , a documentary shown on NBC in May 2009 .
That documentary shows Fawcett being told , in early 2008 , that her liver tumors were no longer active .
Her U.S. doctor , Lawrence Piro , MD , explains in the documentary that Fawcett was n't cancer free , but that " each of the known sites of tumor in the liver had all been treated and , on scans , were looking inactive . "
Piro is the president and CEO of The Angeles Clinic and Research Institute in Los Angeles .
But in the spring of 2008 , scans showed new tumors in Fawcett 's liver and regrowth of her original anal tumor .
In the summer of 2008 , Fawcett entered a clinical trial of an experimental drug in the U.S. , but those treatments did not prove successful and scans showed that her tumor was progressing .
Fawcett also switched to other chemotherapy drugs , which made her hair fall out -- something that Piro says Fawcett had wanted to avoid in her earlier cancer treatment .
After her sixth trip to Germany for more treatments -- described only as " surgical procedures " in her documentary -- Fawcett was hospitalized in April 2009 because of a blood clot .
Comments about Fawcett can be posted on WebMD 's news blog .
Earlier this year , WebMD spoke to the American Cancer Society 's Debbie Saslow , PhD , about anal cancer .
Here 's what Saslow shared :
He introduced himself to three men at the bar but got his words wrong and called one of them a " little boy " .
In previous post we ’ve told you about Water Building Resort – beautiful hotel inspired by the drop of the water .
This time we will represent you a few eco concepts of buildings inspired by the form of the Moon .
These building were developed by different design studios espesially for Muslims contries .
Korean architectural company Heerim Architects is trying to deviate from accepted standards in the construction of skyscrapers , and example of this is the project of two disc skyscrapers which are going to be built in Baku – capital of Azerbaijan .
You can not call them twins , because apparently they are different , but united by their similar form , location and function : they are located on two adjacent peninsulas in the same bay of the Caspian Sea , and both will be hotels .
Hotel " Crescent " will be like a " gateway " to those guests who arrive to the country by sea and symbolize rapidly growing economy of Azerbaijan .
Living area of the hotel is 128 140 m² .
The 32 - floors hotel will have 221 numbers and 128 utility rooms .
Instead of hotel " Crescent " , on the other side of the bay , should be located hotel " Full Moon " – in the form of standing on the edge disk ( more precisely – the ellipsoid ) with a hole in the upper part .
Hotel " Full Moon " will look very different depending on which side , and under what angle to look at it .
The hotel " Full Moon " will have 1590 meters and 35 floors where will be located 382 large " lux " numbers .
The total usable area – 104 182 m² .
United Arab Emirates already can be called a testing ground for architectural concepts and ideas .
Rem Koolhaas and Reinier de Graaf of Office for Metropolitan Architecture designed the giant RAK Convention and Exhibition Centre for the new city at Ras Al Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates .
This center looks like the Death Star and consists of a spherical glass and steel nest and a very long , low building raised off the ground .
Unlike the traditional high - rise building , the design for the Ras al Khaimah Convention and Exhibition Centre accommodates all primary functions , such as the convention centre , hotel rooms , apartments , offices and retail space in a giant sphere .
Recently has been completed a competition for the design of the emblem - structure of Dubai Park Zaabil .
American Company Transparent
House presented to the court of professionals “ space ” project called Crescent Moon Tower .
According to the architects of the Transparent House , their conceptual “ moon tower ” is not only combines the symbolic and traditional form of the Muslim world with modern technology and construction methods , but also in some way reflects the unity of the main characteristics of Dubai – the historical roots of the city and its level of development today .
Examples of WMIC a hidden secret
WMIC stands for windows management instrumentation command - line , a well kept secret which has been silently being featured in Windows based Operating system actively after windows 2000 .
The tool is not only robust , powerful and flexible , it can also be used over the network seamlessly .
To access this tool , you have to enter wmic in the command line of windows , which will end up in it ’s own shell .
Mostly , you should have wmic installed as it is the default in windows , you may also see a message saying wmic installing which happens for the first time only .
It basically works after the WMI service starts to run .
WMIC also has an easy API structure .
To use the api you will have to use the WQL or Windows Query Language which is quite similar to SQL or Structed Query Language .
The format of WMIC is :
WMIC [ Credentials ] [ area ] [ QueryString ]
Some Examples and usage of WMIC :
1 . To get the process list – wmic process list
2 . To get the group list – wmic group list
3 . To get the NIC Card Configuration – wmic nicconfig list
4 . To get user account list – wmic useraccount list
5 . To get the built in System account list – wmic sysaccount list
6 . To get the Environment list – wmic environment list
7 . To get the information of all shares ( including hidden ) – wmic share list
8 . To get the list of services – wmic services list
9 . To get the computer system details – wmic computersystem list
10 .
To get the volume information – wmic volume list
11 . To get full startup list – wmic startup list full
12 . To get Information of logical disks – wmic logicaldisk get description , filesystem , name , size
13 .
To get screensaver information – wmic desktop get screensaversecure , screensavertimeout
14 .
To get logon information – wmic logon get authenticationpackage
15 .
To get information about the OS – wmic os get name , servicepackmajorversion
16 .
To get information about QFE ( Quick Fix Engineering ) – wmic qfe get description , installedOn
17 .
To get information about the computer – wmic csproduct get name , vendor , identifyingNumber
18 .
To get the toal ram – wmic computersystem get TOTALPhysicalMemory , caption
19 .
To get the macaddress of nic card – wmic nic get macaddress , description
Note :
In all the above you can use “ brief ” command to get a brief list of information and “ full ” to get the full list of information , for example use wmic process list brief , wmic process list full .
Doing some niche tasks from wmic :
1. Updage static ip address
wmic nicconfig where index=9 call enablestatic ( “ 192.168.0.117 ” ) , ( “ 255.255.255.0 ” )
2. To Change the network gateway
wmic nicconfig where index=9 call setgateways ( “ 192.168.0.117 ″ , ” 192.168.0.118 ” ) , ( 1,2 )
3 . To start an application
wmic process call create “ paint.exe ”
4 . To enable dhcp
wmic nicconfig where index=9 call enabledhcp
5 . To kill an application
wmic process where name= ” paint.exe ” call terminate
6 . To change the process priority
wmic process where name= ” iexplorer.exe ” call setpriority 64
7 . To get name and process id of a process
wmic process where ( Name=’svchost.exe ’ ) get name , processid
Make control .
Take control .
Making it 's debut way back in 2008 , TouchOSC is the original touchscreen MIDI and OSC control app .
Today TouchOSC continues to provide utility in studios , live - shows , clubs , workshops and galleries around the globe .
Combined with our free tools TouchOSC Editor and TouchOSC Bridge , TouchOSC is relied upon by thousands of creators & makers on a daily basis .
A fully modular control surface that runs on all iOS and Android devices .
Send and receive Open Sound Control or MIDI messages over Wi-Fi to control all compatible software and hardware .
FSCJ provides high value , relevant life - long education that enhances the intellectual , social , cultural and economic development of students throughout Northeast Florida .
FSCJ is committed to upholding a participatory governance model designed to ensure open communication , collaboration and the continuous program and service enhancement .
FSCJ stands out among educational institutions for many reasons .
Click on the link below to learn why we are the largest , most dynamic and most influential higher education institution in the area .
Learn More
Unless Microsoft 's playing a nasty trick on its loyal fanbase , the latest Zune newsletter confirms a feature - laden software update , very likely what we 've been calling Zune 4.0 , is due out on Tuesday , September 15th , the same day as Zune HD takes its place among its fading peers .
" All - new Zune software packed with exciting new features , " you say ?
We 'll be looking forward to more HD video options and an apps marketplace , all the while bemoaning our cut in HDTV Media Center recording capabilities .
As for any other surprises , looks like we 'll just have to wait and see -- for now .
Full Zune newsletter reprinted after the break .
[ Thanks , Daren ]
by Shaun Knittel - SGN Staff Writer
On August 25 at approximately 1 a.m. , independent freelance artist Sean B. was attacked outside of the QFC on Broadway near E. Harrison St. According to Sean , who moved to Seattle from Los Angeles , California three years ago , the attack was completely unprovoked .
The 26 - year - old said he and a female friend exited the QFC and began walking towards E. Olive St. to go back to Sean 's house .
Within seconds , he said , a man around the same age as him , also walking with a female friend , walked towards them .
" He flashed a very intimidating look as he got closer , " Sean told SGN .
" As he walked past me , we brushed shoulders .
That 's when he attacked me . "
Sean said the man called him a " faggot " and hit him in the face , leaving Sean with a black eye .
The attack happened so quickly that he mistakenly thought the man had punched him , but the friend who witnessed the attack told him he'd been elbowed .
He said his attacker appeared to be high on crystal meth .
The two men began to scuffle in front of the store .
Sean said he flagged down an SPD car so they could arrest the man , who began to walk away as the police arrived .
That 's when , according to Sean , the situation became strange .
" I pointed out my attacker to the police officers , " Sean said .
" The man and his friend had crossed the street so the cop had to yell at him to come back over to the scene . "
Sean said what was disturbing is the police officer knew the man by name , saying , " Ramon , get over here ! "
Then the officer said , " The last time I arrested you , you were throwing people into the street .
What did you do this time ? "
Sean said the police treated the situation like " a fight between two people , when the truth is I was called a name and attacked . "
He admits that he was intoxicated , but not drunk enough to say that alcohol was to blame for the attack .
Sean maintains he said nothing to the man until after he was hit .
" The police kept talking down to me , like I was a child , " he told SGN .
" Then the man 's friend told the police that Ramon attacked me because I threw a bottle at him . "
The officer told Sean that since there were no witnesses , it was his word against that of the attacker and his friend .
At that point , he said , he realized his attacker was going to get away with it .
Sean did not file a police report .
He said he became overly emotional and just wanted an apology .
" The officers told me they could not force anyone to apologize and were very uncaring , " he said .
" I was obviously assaulted , and the fact that the word ' faggot ' had been used made it even more demeaning . "
He said the man the police called Ramon offered an insincere apology and simply walked away .
After they let the man go , Sean said , he and his friend went around the corner and he sat down and began to cry .
" A man who lives in an apartment building nearby heard me crying and came outside to sympathize with me , " he said .
" My eye had begun to swell so the man went inside and got some ice for me to put on it . "
He said the man told him that attacks are on the rise around Capitol Hill , and said someone who thought he was Gay had recently attacked him .
The man , according to Sean , is heterosexual .
" Nothing is happening to stop the rise in violence on Capitol Hill , " Sean said .
" The attacks are escalating and the police are doing nothing . "
He said he does n't understand why , especially during times when the bars are closing , there are n't more police patrols visible on the streets .
He said some of his friends who have grown up in Seattle have told him that they 've seen or heard about " more attacks during the last three years than that 's happened in 20 years . "
" I think that everyone needs to be aware , " he said .
" When something like this happens in our community , people need to come forward . "
He added that he recommends people walk home in groups whenever possible and that , unfortunately , he no longer views Seattle as being as safe a place for Gay people to live as he had previously .
Still , he says , he believes he was attacked because he is Gay , but is worried for everyone 's safety on Capitol Hill , not just the LGBT community .
" This is not a Gay issue ; it is a human issue , " Sean said .
" It 's become obvious that on Capitol Hill , anyone can be attacked at any time . "
Share on Facebook Share on MySpace !
Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon !
( The Frisky ) --
Guys can be fickle , or , as the French say , " huge jerks who do n't call women back . "
Sometimes , though , we 've got a pretty valid excuse for not picking up the phone .
Here are 10 reasons why men might not call you back for that second date .
Columnist advises staying off your phone and cooling it with texting if you want a second date .
1 . We 're shy / intimidated .
Some guys just get intimidated , or we 're too shy to ask for a second date .
Make sure you get his number , and call the dude up to scope things out .
You 'll know if he 's intimidated in the first 10 seconds of the call when he either claims the phone is on fire and hangs up or he nervously vomits into the receiver .
2 . You did n't offer to pay .
Most men have no problem paying for their dates .
We 're gentlemen at heart , or at least we like to think so .
Still , we like it when our dates at least offer to cover their share .
If our date seems to be taking advantage of a free dinner , that second date is n't going to happen .
The Frisky : When did you know it was over ?
3 . There 's no physical attraction .
This one is n't that likely , since he probably asked you out on the first date .
If it was a blind date or if you changed some key part of your appearance ( you dyed your hair pink and lost / gained 150 pounds ) before the date , it can certainly throw things off .
4 . Talking too much about yourself .
Do n't confuse confidence with vanity -- if you 're going on and on about yourself , we 're not coming back for seconds .
Be sure to keep the conversation two - sided , and keep some mystery alive by not jamming your biography into an hour - long dinner .
The Frisky : 10 things women do n't understand about men
5 . Talking about ex-boyfriends .
Do n't bring up your ex on a first date , especially to tell us how you 're still excellent friends .
We hear , " I 'm still into this dude , but yeah , you 're , uh , pretty OK . "
6 . Cell phone shenanigans .
If you 're on the phone constantly during a first date , we 're not going to be on the other end of the line later on .
This applies to texting , too ; in fact , texting seems even ruder .
7. Vulgarity .
Guys like a girl who can be as vulgar as their guy friends , but do n't trot out your award - winning burps or four - letter fiestas until at least the second or third date .
8. Blatant pre-date lies .
This one 's common with the internet dating crowd .
Do n't tell lies about yourself before the date kicks off .
Do n't say that you 're a rich hand model who enjoys Russian literature ( note : I have actually been told this ) .
Unless , of course , you actually are any of those things ( she was not ) .
9 . You missed his signals .
Some guys have trouble making a move , and if you shrugged off his arm on your shoulder because you were hot or leaned away from a kiss because you heard your neighbors going through your trash , he might be feeling rejected .
The Frisky :
Why you should pursue your crush
Call him to set things straight .
While you 're at it , call the cops on your creepy neighbors .
10 . He met someone else .
If it was just a first date , an old relationship might have flared up or the guy might have met someone that he'd rather date .
He does n't feel an obligation to call you and say anything since , well , it was a first date .
Do n't hold it against him , but do n't wait around either .
If you do n't get a call within about a week of the first date , forget about it and move on .
TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
GREENOCK , Scotland ( CNN ) --
The man convicted of murdering 270 people by blowing up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , two decades ago received a boisterous welcome when his plane landed in his native Libya on Thursday .
Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi covers his face as he boards a plane .
Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , suffering from terminal prostate cancer , was freed from prison in Scotland , with Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill citing compassionate grounds for the release and saying al Megrahi was " going home to die . "
A large crowd , waving flags and honking horns , greeted al Megrahi at the military airport in Tripoli .
The 57 - year - old has three months to live , according to Scottish authorities .
" Our justice system demands that judgment be imposed but compassion available , " MacAskill said .
" Our beliefs dictate that justice be served but mercy be shown . "
Al Megrahi issued a statement that his attorney Tony Kelly read to reporters .
In it , al Megrahi said the families of the Lockerbie victims " have my sincere sympathy for their unimaginable loss . "
" Many people ... I know are upset that my appeal has come to the end , but nothing more can be done about the circumstances of the Lockerbie bombing , " al Megrahi said in the statement .
" I share their frustration .
I had most to gain and nothing to lose about the whole truth coming out , until my diagnosis of cancer . "
Al Megrahi continued to maintain his innocence , complaining that he had to spend years in prison for something he did not do .
" The remaining days of my life will have to be spent under the shadow of the wrongness of my conviction , " he said .
Watch Lockerbie bomber maintain his innocence »
Al Megrahi said he never will return to Scotland , and he offered his gratitude and best wishes to the Scottish people .
" To those victims ' relatives who can bear to hear me say this , they continue to have my sincere sympathy for the unimaginable loss that they have suffered , " he said .
" To those who bear me ill will , the only thing I can say is that I do not return that to you . "
According to Kelly , his client " was in good spirits " this morning and was looking forward to seeing his mother , wife and children in Libya .
iReport.com :
My uncle never got to say goodbye
Kelly said , " His disease is not only terminal but is in its final stages . "
MacAskill said he agreed with the 2001 conviction of al Megrahi for the Lockerbie bombing -- the worst terrorist atrocity ever committed on U.K. soil .
He also said he supported a severe sentence .
But he said al Megrahi 's lack of compassion for his 270 victims should not be a reason for Scotland to deny compassion to him .
Watch MacAskill deliver his announcement »
Al Megrahi left prison Thursday , shortly after MacAskill 's announcement .
He later boarded a plane to make his trip home .
Watch al Megrahi board plane »
Pan
Am flight 103 exploded over the Scottish town of Lockerbie four days before Christmas in 1988 , killing all 259 of those aboard the plane and 11 Scots on the ground .
Of those on board , 189 were Americans .
The U.S. government responded immediately to word of al Megrahi 's release , saying it " deeply regrets " the decision .
" As we have expressed repeatedly to officials of the government of the United Kingdom and to Scottish authorities , we continue to believe that Megrahi should serve out his sentence in Scotland , " the White House said in a statement .
Watch President Obama say release is " mistake " »
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a similarly worded statement .
" Today , we remember those whose lives were lost on December 21 , 1988 , and we extend our deepest sympathies to the families who live each day with the loss of their loved ones due to this heinous crime , " Clinton said .
And the FBI said in a statement it was " deeply disappointed " over the decision to release al Megrahi .
" In a case of mass murder over Lockerbie , Mr. Megrahi served less than 14 days per victim , " FBI director Robert Mueller said in the statement .
The justice secretary said he decided not to transfer al Megrahi to a Libyan prison , even though a prisoner transfer agreement exists between the United Kingdom and Libya , but instead chose to set him free on compassionate grounds .
Families of the Lockerbie victims have been sharply divided over whether al Megrahi should ever be released .
Susan Cohen , who lost her 20 - year - old daughter , was adamant about her position , calling al Megrahi a " mass murderer " and his release " appalling . "
" Are we so devastatingly weak now , have we lost all our moral fiber that you can say that Megrahi can be released from prison for a compassionate release ?
Where was his compassion for my daughter ?
Where was his compassion for all those people , " Cohen told " American Morning . "
Watch Cohen condemn the release »
Bert Ammerman , whose brother died in the bombing , called al Megrahi 's release " ludicrous . "
" First of all , he got his compassionate release when he got life imprisonment and not capital punishment , which Scotland does n't have , " Ammerman told CNN .
He should have remained in prison , then after his death , his body could have been returned to Libya , he said .
" Two , he 's going to be going back , even if he has terminal cancer , as a hero , and he 's going to be received as a hero in Libya , " Ammerman said .
" Three , let 's cut through all this information .
He 's being released because big business in the United States , Great Britain want the oil in Libya , and that 's what 's driving this whole wagon , " he said .
Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 after the prosecution argued he had placed the bomb , hidden in a suitcase , on a flight from Malta to Frankfurt , Germany .
There , prosecutors said , the bomb was transferred onto the Pan Am plane that went first to London , England 's Heathrow Airport and then took off for New York .
Another man -- Al - Amin Khalifa Fahima -- was also tried in the bombing but was acquitted .
The prosecution maintained al Megrahi , who worked at Malta 's Luqa Airport , was an agent for the Libyan intelligence services and had been seen buying clothes that were in the suitcase that contained the bomb .
Libya has formally accepted responsibility for the bombing and has compensated the families , though Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi later denied any culpability .
Al Megrahi was diagnosed in September 2008 with terminal prostate cancer , and medical officials have said his condition is rapidly deteriorating , MacAskill said .
He said he declined an option to free al Megrahi and allow him to live in Scotland after senior police officers cited the severe security implications .
" Scotland will forever remember the crime that has been perpetrated against our people and those from many other lands , " MacAskill said .
" The pain and suffering will remain forever .
Some hurt can never heal .
Some scars can never fade .
" However , Mr. al Megrahi now faces a sentence imposed by a higher power .
It is one that no court , in any jurisdiction , in any land , could revoke or overrule .
It is terminal , final and irrevocable .
He is going to die . "
All About Pan American Airways • Lockerbie • Libya
Last night , the Hofstra University freshman who had accused five men of gang - raping her recanted her statement .
The 18 - year - old student , who had told police that the men had lured her into a dorm bathroom , tied her up , and raped her , admitted to the Nassau County District Attorney ’s office that the “ incident ” was , in fact , consensual .
After being released from jail , where they had been held for nearly 24 hours , the four men cleared of the rape charges posed in a series of celebratory photographs , smiling , raising their hands in the air , and offering thumbs - up signs to the press .
Overnight , the men turned from accused rapists to . . . four guys who had had consensual sex with a woman together .
It was an odd scene , if only because the implications of this situation are too thorny to be glossed over by a jubilant release story .
Since the men were cleared of all charges , the public will likely never know what actually happened during this “ incident , ” why the woman reported it as a rape , and why she later took it back .
For most bystanders , these details are unimportant .
Whenever a high - profile rape accusation becomes public knowledge , commentators tend to gravitate to one side of the story , regardless of the outcome of the case .
On one side are people who are concerned about the problem of rape .
On the other , people who are concerned about the problem of false rape accusations .
It should n’t have to be that way .
I ca n’t recall how many times I ’ve seen a discussion of a rape accusation devolve into the one side arguing why the accuser should be believed , and the other side arguing that the accuser should be discredited .
Another common point of argument I find frustrating — - what percentage of rape claims are genuine , and what percentage are false ?
Most of the time , we , armchair rape analysts , launch into these arguments before we have any actual idea whether a particular person has raped another person .
In most cases , we will never know .
What we do know , all the time , is that rape is a problem , and false rape accusations are a problem .
The meaningless squabbles between the two camps tend to overlook the fact that people concerned about rape and people concerned about fake rape accusations are both fighting against the same thing : rape culture .
Rape culture does not just encourage men to proceed after she says “ no . ”
Rape culture does not simply teach men that a lack of physical resistance is an invitation .
Rape culture does not only tell men to assert ownership over whichever female body they desire .
Rape culture also tells women not to claim ownership over their own bodies .
Rape culture also informs women that they should not desire sex .
Rape culture also tells women that saying yes makes them bad women .
Both rape and rape accusations are products of the roles assigned by rape culture .
In the traditional seduction scenario , a woman is expected to not desire to have sex , and to only submit after the man has successfully coerced her into submission .
When the preferred model for consensual sex looks a hell of a lot like rape , an array of fucked - up scenarios are inevitable : the woman never wanted to fuck the guy , refuses to submit , and is raped ; the woman submits to the man ’s coercion in order to avoid other negative consequences ( like being raped ) ; the woman had desired the sex all along , but must defend her femininity by saying that she had been coerced into sex .
Thankfully , a good deal of modern men and women reject these antiquated ideas , but they ’re far from being banished from the sexual landscape .
Especially when that landscape involves four men , one woman , and freshman year of college .
And yet , even the people who care most about false rape accusations seem to find ways to keep rape culture going strong .
In his coverage of the case , Men ’s News Daily editor Paul Elam writes :
In what has become a more or less common turn of events , the female Hofstra University student that accused five men , including one classmate , of gang raping her in a school dormitory bathroom has recanted the charges .
That ’s legal and media speak for admitting she cheapened herself by taking on five men willingly on a men ’s room floor and lied about it later out of what little capacity for shame she had .
Elan admits that even if the woman had n’t accused five men of raping her , she still would have “ cheapened herself ” by having sex with the men “ willingly . ”
Meanwhile , the four released men in the case carry no such group - sex stigma when they pose triumphantly outside the jailhouse doors .
In case you ’re interested , it gets worse .
RELATED : Why are people calling the accuser a whore instead of a liar ?
I am new to unschooling but know this is where God is leading us .
How do I start ?
You will want to start here : Begin at the Beginning .
From the Wikipedia page : “ While there is significant variation in what is meant by “ unschooling ” , generally speaking , unschoolers believe that the use of standard curriculaand conventional grading methods , as well as other features of traditional schooling , are counterproductive to the goal of maximizing the education of each child .
Instead , unschoolers typically allow children to learn through their natural life experiences , including game play , household responsibilities , and social interaction . ”
In general “ unschooling ” could be considered the process of learning by living , life schooling , or interest led schooling , where the child learns as adults learn–by pursuing their interests , and seeing where those lead them , side by side with parents who facilitate and guide and learn together rather than coerce .
You will find many more answers by veteran unschoolers to “ What is unschooling ? ” here : http://www.christianunschooling.com/faq/what-is-unschooling/
Radical unschooling most often is used to mean an intentional full life unschooling - instead of just education ; including character , emotional , social development .
Parents gently guide in the direction that they see God leading their child instead of dictating all aspects of a child ’s life .
Radical unschooling is NOT unparenting and Christian parents can and do do it– most of the writers here are radical unschoolers , though not all .
You will find more answers from veteran Christian unschoolers here : http://www.christianunschooling.com/faq/radical-unschooling/
What is Christian unschooling ?
As Christians , we are called to : “ Train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old he will not depart from it , ” Proverbs 22:6 .
Because of this we look to God to show us the way to train our children , and allow them the freedom in Christ to find the way that He has laid out for them .
In other words , we train ( gently guide – not train like a dog ) them about Him and His ways , help them develop Godly characters , and trust God to show us and them what they will need in order to do His will in this life .
In order to do this we look to what He is doing in their lives and the interest and passions
He has given them , and we gently guide them and follow their lead in the directions , knowing that HIS plan for them is better than anything we could come up with .
You could say that Christian unschooling is God-led instead of child - led , as we watch and help the children grow towards
His best for them , using what He has placed in them as a guide .
It is definitely trusting Him to show us the right way , whether it includes book work or not , whether it seems “ traditional ” or not .
The best part of being a Christian unschooler is not being bound by other ’s opinions of what home education should be but being free in Christ to grow together with our children into what God has called for us as individuals and as families .
We can adjust to where He has us , keep our eyes on Him , and go where He leads .
An excellent response to the question of whether Christians CAN unschool can be found here : Can Christians Unschool ?
What is relaxed home schooling ?
What is eclectic home schooling ?
Relaxed home schoolers range anywhere from nearly traditional home schoolers to nearly radical unschoolers .
Wherever on the spectrum they fall they tend to not fit in with scheduled , curriculum focused home educators , preferring to choose according to need what is taught and learned and when it is taught and learned .
Many Christian unschoolers find themselves at some point or another in this category , not sure what to call themselves .
What is interest led education ?
Whether relaxed , eclectic , or unschooled , most of us ( those who do not fall in the scheduled school at home category ) deal in interest led education .
We follow our own interests and our children ’s interests and see where they lead us , recognizing that God has provided those interests and passions that we may grow closer to Him .
Sometimes that looks like a traditional text book and sometimes that looks like a day playing out of doors or pretend .
As Christians we have the freedom to go in the way we should go without being forced into the standards of this world .
What is Strewing ?
It ’s sharing or making available things that you think might interest one or more of your kids .
~ Mariellen Menix
A full explanation of strewing and how it works can be found here : http://www.christianunschooling.com/faq/what-is-strewing/
Does this really work ?
Leaning on God completely for all things takes great faith .
If we expect Him , Jehovah Jireh , to provide then why not trust Him to provide the very best for our children .
Consider Matthew 7 : 9-10
9 “ Which of you , if his son asks for bread , will give him a stone ?
10
Or if he asks for a fish , will give him a snake ?
11 If you , then , though you are evil , know how to give good gifts to your children , how much more will your Father in heaven give good gifts to those who ask him !
In fact , if you are looking for the way to go in home educating your child then may I suggest that praying for wisdom , both for yourself AND for them is the very first step .
4 Perseverance must finish its work so that you may be mature and complete , not lacking anything .
5 If any of you lacks wisdom , he should ask God , who gives generously to all without finding fault , and it will be given to him .
6 But when he asks , he must believe and not doubt , because he who doubts is like a wave of the sea , blown and tossed by the wind .
James 1:4-6
Changing your way of thinking - the paradigm shift :
http://unschoolingme.blogspot.com/2012/02/unschooling-is-not-that-difficult-folks.html
One of the biggest challenges to understanding unschooling has to do with that pre-unschooling separation of EVERYTHING .
It puts things in opposition , that should be connected , cooperating , sharing .
Forget , or eliminate , the “ kids vs parents ” separation .
Be a family .
Forget , or eliminate , the separation between different subjects , like “ math ” or “ science . ”
Instead of trying to learn those things in isolation , DO THINGS .
The things that you do will involve all those “ subjects ” without any need to force them .
Live “ intentionally . ”
Pay attention .
Observe . Explore .
Touch .
Describe .
Discuss .
THAT is what unschooling is .
Not some set of rules , or “ philosophy ” or “ teaching method ” or even “ learning method ” ( for those who are trying to get rid of the word “ teach ” ) .
It is n’t what the kids do , or what the parents help the kids do , because life is something we all are living together , sharing space and time .
It is ongoing and all - encompassing .
Do that .
Share space and time with your family and friends .
Be together , physically at times , mentally at times , emotionally all the time .
Share your joys , your sorrows , your interests .
Give to each other freely and enthusiastically .
Accept from each other in the same spirit .
Move through the world with interest , with wonder , with fascination .
Fill yourselves up with life .
Expand your being .
It ’s that simple .
Really .
Some questions answered by a grown unschooler :
http://yes-i-can-write.blogspot.com.au/2012/06/occupy-education-conference-talk.html
Is it legal ?
Yes , it is legal in all 50 states and most countries .
You still have to follow state / country law but it can be done .
What about teens ?
http://www.christianunschooling.com/faq/unschooling-teens/
What if they do n’t seem to want to learn ?
http://www.christianunschooling.com/faq/what-if-your-child-doesnt-want-to-learn/
~ Heather
GDB : The GNU Project Debugger
GDB and Reverse Debugging
Overview
GDB version 7.0 ( due September 2009 ) will be the first public release of gdb to support reverse debugging ( the ability to make the program being debugged step and continue in reverse ) .
See the wiki page here .
Presently , only certain target debugging environments will support reverse debugging .
Those targets currently include :
All of those targets , plus any additional ones in the future , will support a common user interface for reverse debugging in gdb , including the new commands :
reverse - continue ( 'rc ' ) --
Continue program being debugged but run it in reverse
( 'rc ' ) --
Continue program being debugged but run it in reverse reverse - finish -- Execute backward until just before the selected stack frame is called
-- Execute backward until just before the selected stack frame is called reverse - next ( ' rn ' ) --
Step program backward , proceeding through subroutine calls .
( 'rn ' ) --
Step program backward , proceeding through subroutine calls .
reverse - nexti ( 'rni ' ) --
Step backward one instruction , but proceed through called subroutines .
( 'rni ' ) --
Step backward one instruction , but proceed through called subroutines .
reverse - step ( 'rs ' ) --
Step program backward until it reaches the beginning of a previous source line
( 'rs ' ) --
Step program backward until it reaches the beginning of a previous source line reverse - stepi --
Step backward exactly one instruction
-- Step backward exactly one instruction set exec - direction ( forward / reverse ) --
Set direction of execution .
All subsequent execution commands ( continue , step , until etc. ) will run the program being debugged in the selected direction .
Breakpoints and watchpoints will work in reverse -- allowing you for instance to proceed directly to the previous point at which a variable was modified .
Still to do
Now that the core GDB contains support for reverse debugging , it should be possible to add revese execution support to existing GNU simulators such as the ones built into GDB , as well as non-GNU targets such as valgrind , SID , and qemu .
For greater performance and fidelity in userspace and / or kernel reverse debugging , some work on GNU / Linux as well as other open source kernels might be done .
The built - in GDB target ' Process Record / Replay ' currently only supports native reverse debugging on three platforms ( i386 - linux , amd64 - linux , and moxie - elf ) .
Volunteers are needed to extend this functionality to other GNU / Linux platforms , and even to other operating systems .
The FSF and GDB maintainers are eagerly seeking new volunteers and contributions in this area .
If anyone reading this is interested in contributing to this leading edge area of research and development , we would welcome your help !
Acknowledgements
Tomas Holmberg contributed MI support for reverse debugging in Eclipse
Oza Pawandeep contributed floating point reverse support for i386
Anthony Green contributed a process record port for moxie-elf
Hui Zhu contributed a process record port for amd64 - linux
Hui Zhu contributed the process record framework , along with the original port for i386 - linux
Dave Brolley contributed a reversible SID simulator for xstormy16
( Note that sid is not a GNU project , but it is licensed under the GPL . )
( Note that sid is not a GNU project , but it is licensed under the GPL . )
Michael Snyder contributed the core gdb framework for reverse debugging
All of the gdb maintainers are to be thanked for invaluable discussion , suggestions , and code review .
Privacy protected with new surveillance technology .
( Image : 3VR )
MANY people are unhappy about being filmed by CCTV in case the footage is used against them in some way .
Now a surveillance technology company has come up with a method of scrambling the images of anyone in CCTV film who is not a suspect .
3VR , based in San Francisco , says it should reassure members of the public who do not wish to be identifiable to police or lawyers , or even TV crime - stopper shows .
The technology uses 3VR ’s recently patented face - recognition algorithms to home in on known faces in crowds .
An image - scrambling …
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Super Typhoon Choi-wan had just become a monstrous Category 4 super typhoon on the morning of September 15 , 2009 , when the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite captured this photo - like image .
Choi-wan is a perfect circle with bands of clouds pin-wheeling around the dense center .
The dark blue surface of the Pacific Ocean is visible through the clear eye , which is defined by a towering wall of clouds .
At the time the image was taken , Choi-wan had sustained winds estimated at 230 kilometers per hour ( 145 miles per hour or 125 knots ) , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center .
Choi-wan was strengthening .
Twenty - four hours later , the storm reached Category 5 status with sustained winds of 260 km / hr ( 160 mph or 140 knots ) .
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center expected the storm to intensify a little more .
While the storm raked across the Northern Mariana Islands and was targeting the small islands of Iwo To and Chinchi Jima , it was not forecast to hit any major land mass .
In this image , Super Typhoon Choi-wan is centered over the northern arc of the Mariana Islands in the western Pacific Ocean , with the larger islands of Guam , Saipan , and Tinian located on the southern edge of the storm .
The islands north of Saipan are volcanic and are either unoccupied or sparsely populated .
The large image provided above is at MODIS ’ maximum resolution of 250 meters per pixel .
The MODIS Rapid Response System provides the image in additional resolutions .
NASA image by Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team , Goddard Space Flight Center .
By Sanjoy Majumder
BBC News , Phaphunda , India
The village of Phaphunda is small and unremarkable
It was a story buried in the middle of the Indian newspapers .
Two star - crossed lovers committed suicide after the local village council , or panchayat , ordered them to annul their marriage or face death .
Amreen was Muslim and her husband , Lokesh , a Hindu .
Their match was simply unacceptable to their communities .
The couple poisoned themselves .
Now police have charged the entire panchayat with abetting suicide .
' Fatal mistake '
To find out more , we headed east from Delhi into the north Indian countryside .
A little more than two hours later , we found ourselves in the village of Phaphunda .
[ The pair ] should have stayed away and lived in the city
Achan Singh ,
village council head
Like most others in the area , it was small and unremarkable .
The villagers , mostly farmers , live in houses built close to each other , with narrow lanes running through them .
Horse - carts and cattle amble along - Delhi seems far away .
Attitudes here can be unforgiving .
I headed first to the house of the village chief , Achan Singh , who heads the village council .
A tall , well - built man in his 40s , he was very welcoming , pouring out steaming cups of tea as we sat on his carpet .
Yes , he had heard about the incident but no it was not his panchayat that had anything to do with it .
" It was a gathering of elders from the two families , " he told me .
" The boy and girl were told that their marriage would not be allowed .
They would have to leave each other or else they would be killed , " he said in a matter of fact way .
Pressed further , Mr Singh sympathised with the couple but said they had made a fatal mistake .
" You see , they fell in love and then ran away to get married .
They should have stayed away and lived in the city .
" In our village , Hindus marry Hindus and Muslims marry Muslims .
It 's very sad , what happened but what can you expect ?
The pressure on their families was enormous .
They were being disgraced and dishonoured . "
Very nervous
Our local contact had arranged for us to meet the family of Amreen , the dead girl .
As we left Achan Singh 's house , he said he would join us .
He revved up his motorcycle and rode off ahead , while we followed .
God knows what madness prompted her to run away with that boy
Amreen 's aunt , Syeda
When we reached Amreen 's home , the village headman was already there .
He had apparently arrived well ahead of us .
Her family lived across the highway in a predominantly Muslim part of the village .
A mosque was visible over the high walls of her father 's large farmhouse .
Inside , buffalo were tethered to posts - he sold milk for a living .
" The boy , Lokesh , would come here every morning to buy milk .
That 's how he met the girl and they fell in love , " one of the villagers told me .
The girl 's father , Salim , soon joined us for a conversation but it was soon apparent that he was very nervous .
" I really do n't know what happened , " he kept saying .
I asked him if he had come under pressure from the panchayat .
" No , no , there was no pressure , " he said hurriedly glancing over his shoulder at the chief .
' Dishonoured '
" Go on , tell them how you were dishonoured in the community , " Achan Singh prompted him gently but firmly .
The pair fell in love buying and selling milk " We were dishonoured in the community , " repeated Salim .
" Neither family wanted them to marry .
But no - one threatened them either , " he maintained .
The girl 's aunt , Syeda , who had been listening in while tending to her sick mother , decided to speak up .
" She was a lovely girl , very innocent and always used to read the Koran .
God knows what madness prompted her to run away with that boy .
We 're all very sad at what happened . "
It was obvious I was going to get little more out of the family so we left and headed to the office of the local policeman for a little more clarity .
" We got to hear about the incident and decided to act , " said police superintendent Sharad Sachan .
" The young couple were legally married and therefore entitled to live together .
Their parents and the villagers had no right to put pressure on them and force them to commit suicide .
They are guilty of a crime and we will do all we can to build a case against them . "
As we headed back to Delhi , it was clear that with a wall of secrecy descending around the whole incident , the police were going to have their work cut out .
They may have the law on their side but the villagers are defending ancient codes and traditions that remain untouched by modernity .
And they will fight to keep it that way .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It is obvious that life is filled with choices and we often go to great lengths to explore different possible outcomes or scenarios when attempting to make decisions .
However what is choice and how does it relate to free will
It would seem that choices may be divided up into several categories , but in particular we have those that are : 1 . Direct choices , or command decisions where we intentionally make a determination about a particular outcome , perhaps after weighing options .
2 . Indirect choices occur when we simply respond to a situation without necessarily thinking through all the consequences .
In particular this can occur when we are " caught up in the moment " .
3 . Indeterminate choices are those where we elect to do nothing and let circumstances dictate the possibilities after which we may respond with directed or indirect choices .
Equally obvious is that choices may be good or bad depending on how they effect us , so while good choices seem to be rational , bad choices may be the more consequential giving rise to many behaviors which may be considered irrational and difficult to change .
Within the context of free will , we have to consider how much latitude the act of making choices actually entails given that we will be subject to the physiology of our brain functions , which will be determined by our DNA as well as more subtle controls such as our belief system and the values that have been taught ( or neglected to be taught ) to us .
There is no doubt that all of these factors will be an influence on how we conduct choices and may well dominate the types of choices we make , but can we really be confident that they are uncontrollable and will always result in a predeterminated outcome .
After all , that is what the lack of free will would dictate ; that we cannot change the fundamental operation of our brains .
I think a compelling argument can be made that if there were no free will , then there would be no capability of people making significant changes in their lives .
There would be no point in therapies or rehabilitation , since their behavior is dictated by an independent agency that is n't subject to such controls .
If we consider the model of addiction , many people have a problem with the idea of addiction being considered a disease , although it is obvious that there may be physiological and psychological elements of addiction that render it beyond the ability to overcome by " willpower " alone .
Part of the problem is that the start of addictions usually involve making bad , or self - serving choices , which ultimately give rise to the addictive behavior so it becomes more difficult to draw the line between when choice becomes over - ruled by disease .
Even if we examine potential causes for bad choices in addiction , we may find physiological indicators that suggest that someone is prone to such behaviors and perhaps circumstances in their lives have even effectively " paved the way " towards such an addiction , however this does n't rule out free will .
As I 've already mentioned , it is the role of free will that allows these circumstances to be overturned , perhaps with great difficulty , but nevertheless suggesting that the brain is not the all - controlling agent in determining outcomes .
Another important element in the choices we make is that humans are not rational creatures , but rather they are rationalizing creatures .
This means that we attempt to justify our decisions and choices based on the circumstances that we want to indulge in or give in to .
Often this conveys a kind of contrived helplessness , simply because we do n't want to change our behavior despite the external consequences .
Often the free will argument is countered with the idea that all decisions / choices are simply a product of our responses to the pain / pleasure centers of our brain .
However , this presents a difficulty since such a binary response is rarely what is encountered in real decision - making .
In many circumstances it becomes difficult if not impossible to differentiate the pain / pleasure elements to a sufficient degree to conclude anything .
There is no question that pain / pleasure can be powerful motivators , but I do n't believe they are decision - makers .
I would speculate that many of the bad choices people make regarding addictions are because they become self - indulgent , especially when they want to rationalize their behavior as being victims themselves .
It becomes a way of absolving oneself from the responsibility of making the right choice by rationalizing our helplessness to avoid the bad one .
There is also an element of apathy where we do n't think that the consequences are real , or that they wo n't happen to us .
Similarly , self - destructive behaviors are all victim - type behaviors where we are attempting to " punish " whoever has offended us by making them see " what they did to us " .
All of these are rationalizations for the choices being made , but nevertheless those are actually choices that are not dictated by a " hard - wired " brain .
Just as every action is n't based on a completely blank slate of a mind whereby every possible choice can be reasonably entertained , and while we will be oriented towards making choices that comply with our teachings , values , and pain / pleasure responses .
There is also a means by which we can override our innate desires .
The most provocative aspect of this , is that if we lacked free will , it seems preposterous to have evolved a brain that ultimately provides no better control than hard - wired instincts .
Natural selection could not have anticipated every circumstance to which a brain may be required to respond , so there must be some element of freedom or flexibility that could be identified as true " free will " .
Medical treatment must balance the health of the mother with potential adverse effects to the developing baby Children born to women taking anti-depressants in early pregnancy have a small but important increased risk of heart defects , researchers say .
The study published in the British Medical Journal says depression affects up to 20 % of pregnant women .
Exposure to anti-depressants in the womb caused problems in less than 1 % of children .
The authors say the overall risk is very low and women should speak to doctors before stopping their drugs .
Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) are medicines commonly used for the treatment of depression .
In 2005 , the US Food and Drug Administration issued a warning about the SSRI paroxetine because of an increase in birth defects if it was taken during pregnancy .
Septal heart defects
This study looked at whether there was an association between SSRIs taken in the first trimester of pregnancy and malformations in over 400,000 children born in Denmark between 1996 and 2003 .
Maternal age and smoking were taken into account .
The defects found are known as septal heart defects where there is a problem with the wall that divides the left side of the heart from the right side .
The researchers from Aarhus University in Denmark said these defects were 0.4 % more prevalent in children of women who redeemed a prescription for an SSRI in the first trimester of pregnancy .
Two SSRIs , sertraline and citalopram , were associated with the problem .
Two others , paroxetine and fluoxetine , were not .
A four - fold increase in septal heart defects was found if women were taking more than one SSRI .
There were no other malformations associated with taking SSRIs .
The benefits to the mother of taking SSRIs during pregnancy needs to be weighed up against the small increase in risk to the foetus
Cathy Ross , of the British Heart Foundation
The researchers say the absolute differences in heart defects were low .
Septal heart defects occurred in 2,315 ( 0.5 % ) of unexposed children , 12 ( 0.9 % ) of SSRI exposed children and 4 ( 2.1 % ) of children exposed to more than one type of SSRI .
They estimate that one child for every 246 children exposed was likely to suffer a heart defect .
Lars Henning Pedersen , who led the research , said : " Treatment of depression during pregnancy balances the risk of the medicine with that of the depression , and we investigated only a part of the information needed to make evidence based decisions .
" Even if SSRI use is causally related to septal heart defects , these heart defects might not necessarily require treatment and some might resolve spontaneously . "
Professor Basky Thilaganathan , of the Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology , said it was important to remember that many women who suffered depression could be treated without resorting to drugs .
He said : " All hospitals now have a dedicated doctor or liaison officer for women suffering psychiatric symptoms in pregnancy .
" This study shows a less than one in a 100 chance of getting a baby with a defect in the heart . "
Cathy Ross , cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation ( BHF ) , said : " Depression can be a debilitating condition .
" The benefits to the mother of taking SSRIs during pregnancy needs to be weighed up against the small increase in risk to the foetus . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two Dublin gangs who made fortunes out of cocaine dealing during the boom years last week followed Ireland 's property developers into debt difficulties after major drugs seizures by gardai .
The Garda National Drug Unit seized two major hauls of cannabis with an estimated street value of up to €3 m for which both had paid cash up front .
International police investigations have shown that even well - established Irish drugs gangs are no longer able to depend on credit when buying drugs .
All the drugs seized last week were paid for with cash , it is believed , to eastern European mafia based in the southern regions of Spain .
One gang from Crumlin , allied to the gangster Freddie Thompson who is currently on self - imposed exile in Spain , is understood to have paid € 250,000 in advance for a shipment of cannabis resin which was eventually discovered by gardai at an industrial park near Dublin Airport .
A 28 - year - old man who leads the gang along with his father was arrested near the scene but did not have direct contact with the drugs and has been released pending further investigations .
He has been caught up in the gang feuding in south inner Dublin in recent years .
An attempt was made to kill him or members of his family with a bomb earlier this year .
Another west Dublin gang is believed to have lost even more when the drug squad raided a warehouse in the west of the city .
According to senior garda sources the market for cocaine has more or less collapsed .
Many of the gangsters who amassed fortunes from cocaine dealing are believed to have squandered much of their wealth on extravagant living , particularly in the south of Spain , and are no longer credit worthy on international markets .
The biggest drugs gang in Dublin , led by figures formerly associated with the republican terror group , the Irish National Liberation Army , lost a major fortune last year when gardai and the Naval Service intercepted a huge haul of cocaine in the Atlantic .
The shortages of cash have driven gangs previously awash with drugs money to revert to armed robbery and extortion from other gangs to raise cash to buy drugs in Spain and Holland .
The price of cannabis has rocketed in the past couple of years and with demand increasing the former cocaine gangs are moving back into the hash market .
An ounce of cannabis which , in the mid-1990s wholesaled at € 50 , now sells on the street for around €300 .
The cannabis seized by gardai last week was of good quality and much stronger than that available in Ireland in the 1990s and before .
Garda involved in drugs investigations say young Irish people seem to have switched off cocaine .
" The money 's not there any more .
We began seeing it from last year onwards .
The clubs are half empty .
They 're not buying coke they way they used to , " said one source .
The drug squad and the Organised Crime Unit , both based in Harcourt Square in Dublin , were behind the seizures last week along with gardai from Pearse Street Station who made follow - up arrests and seizures stemming from a major cocaine haul last year .
Gardai from stations in west Dublin also assisted in the raids .
The heroin market remains on the rise .
Gangs are now pedalling it throughout the country with the use of mobile gangs , one of the most active of which was led by Traveller , Thomas Joyce , 22 , who was shot dead in Coolock in June .
Fish swam over my head and a landscape of rocks , trees and debris appeared between my feet .
In the depths I saw the roots of a Jefferson pine some 2,000 years old .
" Welcome to my office , " Capt .
Scott Cassell said as he used a joystick to guide the helicopter - like Seamagine submersible ever deeper into Fallen Leaf Lake , not far from Lake Tahoe in northern California .
Seventy - one percent of the Earth 's surface is water , and the realms below it offer enormous possibilities for exploration , recreation and education .
Yet those depths remain inaccessible to most people .
A growing number of explorers and entrepreneurs hope to change that with personal submersibles , an emerging type of watercraft that carry two or three people and fly through our underwater world .
Three companies have shown their craft in California , promising a new era of underwater exploration .
Hawkes Ocean Technologies unveiled its latest winged sub and is offering " flights " in Monterey Bay this month .
Super Aviator Systems and Seamagine recently demonstrated their watercraft in Lake Tahoe .
These companies push submersibles in a new direction .
Most submersibles work like hot air balloons , diving and rising or moving forward and back .
Persubs move more like airplanes – or , in the case of the Seamagine , a helicopter .
They bring the dynamics of flight to the sea .
The technologies could open new avenues of discovery and change how we interact with our endangered seas and lakes .
" A new transport technology always gives new access , and with access comes understanding , ” said William Koehan , president of SeaMagine and chairman of the Manned Underwater Vehicle committee for the Marine Technology Society .
" Once you understand , you can care .
We need a human connection to the ocean . "
Persubs offer the portability of a ski boat , while diving deeper and staying submerged longer than scuba divers .
Passengers sit in a pressurized cabin , allowing them to focus on the wonders around them instead of things like decompression rates .
Persubs also are cheaper than conventional submarines and offer greater maneuverability .
They 're electric and relatively silent , allowing you to get unusually close to marine life .
Like airplanes , persubs require training , careful maintenance and , depending upon the country , different levels of registration and insurance .
The companies selling the craft offer varying levels of support navigating these issues .
Their vessels cost between $ 1.3 million and $ 2.19 million , but the companies believe costs will come down as production ramps up .
Are persubs the ultimate yachting accessory ?
A tool for filmmakers , surveyors and scientists ?
A vehicle for poets and politicians who will change our view of , and policies regarding , the ocean ?
Recent activities provide some clues .
The Super Aviator exploring Lake Tahoe in May .
Apollo 8 astronaut Bill Anders was among those who got a ride , and he said the craft is fun to fly and " opens all kinds of possibilities for underwater fun and observation . "
Photo : Stephen FrinkSub Aviator Systems Soars
The 22 - foot long , white - winged Super Aviator submersible from Sub Aviator Systems looked a bit like a jet as it cruised the depths of Lake Tahoe last spring .
Record - setting submariner Don Walsh and Apollo 8 astronaut Bill Anders were among the luminaries enjoying the " flights . "
Anders said the craft is " both fun to fly and opens all kinds of possibilities to underwater fun and observation . "
Scientists from the Monterey Research Institute and Scripps Oceanography also spent time in it .
Jim Delgado , president and CEO of the Institute of Underwater Archeology , was impressed enough to consider using it in the Bikini Atoll .
" Envision how spectacular it would be , as well as symbolic , to also land and take off with a Super Aviator from the sunken flight deck of the carrier USS Saratoga , which rests in 180 feet of water , " he said .
Super Aviator pilots John Jo Lewis and Capt .
Alfred McLaren met at the world ’s first underwater flight school , which inventor Graham Hawkes and his wife Karen launched in the Bahamas in 2003 .
I was there , too , for National Geographic Television , and after soaring undersea I wondered how long it might be before underwater flight caught on .
The Super Aviator from Sub Aviator Systems on shore before deployment in Lake Tahoe in May .
The two - person submersible is 22 feet long and was designed with help from renowned submersible designer and engineer Dr. Phil Nuytten .
Photo : Alfred McLarenSix years later , Lewis , who is also managing director of SAS , and McLaren believe its time has come .
They 've worked with Dr. Phil Nuytten , the renowned submersible designer and pilot known for his Deep Worker submersibles .
Together they changed the buoyancy of the aviator to make it neutral , something they say makes the safer and easier to control .
Without the tendency to ascend when moving at slow speeds , the pilot can creep along and even hover , which McLaren said is great for observing marine life .
That 's exactly what the craft will do in February , McLaren said , when researchers use it to study humpback whales off the coast of Maui .
McLaren hopes to use the craft to search the continental shelves for remnants of pre-Columbian explorers to the Americas .
SAS is eager to build its first Super OrcaSubs , which will incorporate the improvements developed with Nuytten to meet the safety requirements of insurer Lloyd's of London .
SAS says the craft will be able to cover 20 miles a day and dive to depths of 2,000 feet .
The pilot can control movement on five axes – pitch , roll , yaw , lateral and vertical – using fly - by - wire controls .
A loaded Super Orca will cost $ 2.19 million , a price that includes training for two pilots and a crewmember .
The Deep Flight Super Falcon from Hawkes Ocean Technologies explores the sea .
Photo : Graham WaltersThe Hawkes & The Falcons
Hawkes Ocean Technologies is known for innovating remote and manned underwater exploration vehicles .
In May , the company unveiled the newest version of its personal submersible in San Francisco .
Graham Hawkes said the Deep Flight Super Falcon represents his 20 - year pursuit to bring flight to the sea just as the Wright brothers brought it to the sky .
The goal , he said , was to create a vessel that moves like a dolphin or a shark , not a crab , and free it from the cumbersome infrastructure required to use the Mir and Alvin submersibles .
His first winged watercraft , Deep Flight One , carried one person .
It was a breakthrough when it was launched in 1996 .
His second , Deep Flight Aviator , carried two people and proved itself in the first underwater flying school in the Bahamas six years ago .
I had the opportunity to " fly " in it with Hawkes around shipwrecks .
But Hawkes aspired to greater depths and spent years working on Deep Flight Challenger , a solo vessel commissioned by adventurer Steve Fossett .
Fosset wanted to set records exploring the Marianas Trench , which at more than 36,000 feet is the deepest point in the sea .
Fossett died before that could happen , but the design work contributed to Super Falcon .
The first Super Falcon that Hawkes built went to Tom Perkins , who put it aboard his mega- yacht , the Maltese Falcon .
Chris Carter , the yacht 's captain , says the submersible has made more than 50 dives and moves through the water like a jet through the sky .
" We have been flying with giant manta rays , a pod of dolphin 30 strong , and all sorts of sharks , " he said , adding that it seems the craft attracts marine life .
" It ’s just incredible ! "
Technicians at Chase Boats work on the Deep Flight Super Falcon hull .
Photo : Hawkes Ocean Technologies
The second Super Falcon went to the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary after its unveiling in San Francisco .
It is being used in an invitation - only flight school and a " VIP of the Seas " project with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" We are hoping this program will raise awareness of the importance of marine sanctuaries when people can experience the underwater part of the ocean for the first time , " said William Douros , West Coast regional director of the agency 's National Marine Sanctuary Program .
" Any time we see innovation that might help the seas , we are curious and want to help . "
Todd Lueders , head of the Community Foundation for Monterey County , was among those who took a flight .
" It was the opposite of the images of Jacques Cousteau sinking heavy in a bathysphere , " he said .
" I see incredible eye - opening potential for opinion leaders and scientists . "
The Super Falcon uses fly - by - wire controls .
It cruises at 2 to 6 knots and can dive to 1,000 feet .
The Hawkes hope to begin producing it soon and say it will cost about $ 1.5 million , which includes the training to operate it .
Seamagine President Will Kohnen uses external controls to pilot the Seamobile submersible to a boat dock in Fallen Leaf Lake in Northern California before picking up passengers .
Photo : Lisa TE SonneSeamagine Hydrospace
When it comes to persubs , no one beats William Kohnen and Seamagine Hydrospace for time in the water .
The company claims to have made more than 10,000 dives around the world since 1995 and is currently building crafts No. 8 and 9 .
But Kohnen took a different approach to underwater flight .
" Back in 1991 - 92 , I had the idea of an underwater helicopter with a forward cockpit for clearer vision in all directions , " he said .
" To achieve balance for the submersible , we pushed the center of gravity back and used a tail for lift . "
Seamagine builds two models , the two - person Pearl and the three - person Triumph .
It also is ready to begin taking orders for the Seamobile , which dives to 500 feet and costs $ 1.3 million .
It can be designed to reach depths as great as 3,000 feet , but you 'll pay more for a vehicle that will go that deep .
The sticker price includes American Bureau of Shipping classification and flight training .
" It 's a perfect device to explore wrecks , " said archaeologist George Bass , who first used a Seamagine sub named Carolyn in 2000 in Turkey after considering several other submersibles .
The Seamobile looks more like a Volkswagen than a Ferrari , and with a top speed of just 2 knots it wo n't win any races .
But its adherents will tell you the helicopter design is superior to winged craft because it is roomier with better hovering capability and superior visibility since you sit in an acrylic sphere .
You can also get in and out of it faster because it is taller and more stable on the surface than winged submersibles , which must be hauled out of the water to change passengers .
Much like the world they are designed to explore , persubs are a new frontier .
They are not regulated like aircraft , nor are their operators licensed like pilots .
Regulations , registration and insurance vary by country .
Some worry that increased oversight would impede innovation and drive up costs .
But others worry builders may not effectively self - regulate to ensure safety , something that could damage the emerging field .
As the committee chairman for Manned Underwater Vehicles of Marine Technology Society , Kohnen hosts an annual discussion of such issues .
He wants to ensure the field advances safely and thoughtfully and plans to establish his own benchmarks in future dives off the California coast .
He also dispatched a Seamobile to the month - long Tahoe Expedition in May .
My pilot , Capt .
Cassell , was there to test the vehicle for possible use in his nonprofit Undersea Voyager project , which aims to circumnavigate the world underwater .
Several novices explored the lake , including a group of teens interested in science and exploration .
Many of the scientists and adventurers who took dives shared their experiences with a packed audience at the local community college .
We were well into my dive and about 110 feet beneath the surface when Cassell said , " I have a surprise for you now . "
He brought the Seamobile up like a helicopter to within inches of billowy algae growing on the trunks of ancient trees .
Soon we spotted small transparent spheres , which scientists on previous dives suggested might be protists , the fourth phylum of the living kingdom .
They are n't animals , or plants , or algae but have characteristics of each .
We are still learning about them .
Like protists , personal submersibles occupy their own category .
They are a tool , a toy , a business and a portal waiting to be better understood and used .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates acknowledges that closing the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , will likely take longer than planned .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates said it may take longer than expected to close Guantanamo prison .
" I think it has proven more complicated than anticipated , " Gates said in an interview broadcast Sunday on CNN 's " State of the Union . "
Noting he had pushed for a firm deadline of January 2010 for closing the controversial facility , Gates said : " If you have to extend that date , if at least you have a strong plan showing you 're making progress in that direction , then this -- it should n't be a problem to extend it and we 'll just see whether that has to happen or not . "
In a separate interview on the ABC program " This Week , " Gates said closing the military prison on schedule would be " tough . "
Also on ABC , Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona said he attended briefings in which he was told the Guantanamo facility was unlikely to close on schedule .
" Apparently they 're certainly not going to make that deadline , " McCain said .
" But we should continue to work towards the closure of Guantanamo Bay because of the image that it has in the world , of brutality , [ which ] harms our image very badly . "
Watch Gates discuss Guantanamo prison , Afghanistan on CNN »
Two senior administration officials told CNN on Friday that the Guantanamo facility was unlikely to close by the deadline set by President Obama .
They cited legal complications for the delay , but said they were still optimistic about shutting the facility soon .
The delay represents a blow to Obama , who signed an executive order during his first week in office in January to set the deadline for closing the facility .
Republican opponents are calling for Guantanamo prison to keep operating , rather than having terrorism detainees brought to U.S. soil .
Sen. Christopher Bond , R- Missouri , said on " FOX News Sunday " that if Guantanamo prisoners transferred to maximum - security prisons in the United States got seriously ill , they would be sent to a prison hospital facility in Missouri .
" My constituents and I think that would be a very bad idea , " Bond said .
On the same program , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California said the terrorism suspects would be held in maximum - security prisons .
" No one is going to put these people in anyone 's neighborhood , as some have tried to say , " Feinstein said .
She said she would accept Guantanamo prisoners moving to California .
" In a maximum - security prison , I do n't worry about it , provided the prison is set up to accommodate it , and I believe we have facilities that are , " she said .
Meanwhile , senior administration officials insisted the White House is making progress in finding third - party countries to accept detainees who remain at the prison .
On Saturday , the U.S. Justice Department announced that two detainees at the Guantanamo facility had been transferred to Ireland and a third to Yemen .
They were approved for transfer after an interagency organization called the Guantanamo Review Task Force performed " a comprehensive review " of the cases , according to the Justice Department .
More than 220 detainees remain at Guantanamo .
Since 2002 , more than 550 detainees have departed the facility for other countries .
The countries include Albania , Algeria , Afghanistan , Australia , Bangladesh , Bahrain , Belgium , Bermuda , Chad , Denmark , Egypt , France , Iran , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , the Maldives , Mauritania , Morocco , Pakistan , Portugal , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Spain , Sweden , Sudan , Tajikistan , Turkey , Uganda , the United Kingdom and Yemen .
All About Guantanamo Bay Detention Center • Robert Gates • Barack Obama
Students are borrowing dramatically more to pay for college , accelerating a trend that has wide - ranging implications for a generation of young people .
New numbers from the U.S. Education Department show that federal student - loan disbursements — the total amount borrowed by students and received by schools — in the 2008 - 09 academic year grew about 25 % over the previous year , to $ 75.1 billion .
The amount of money students borrow has long been on the rise .
But last year far surpassed past increases , which ranged from as low as 1.7 % in the 1998 - 99 school year to almost 17 % in 1994 - 95 , according to figures used in President Barack Obama 's proposed 2010 budget .
The sharp growth is " definitely above expectations , " says Robert Shireman , deputy undersecretary of the Education Department .
" But we 're also in an economic situation that nobody predicted . "
The eye - opening increase in borrowing is largely due to the dire economic environment , which is causing more people to seek federal loans , he says .
The new numbers highlight how debt has become commonplace in paying for higher education .
Today , two - thirds of college students borrow to pay for college , and their average debt load is $ 23,186 by the time they graduate , according to an analysis of the government 's National Postsecondary Student Aid Study , conducted by financial - aid expert Mark Kantrowitz .
Only a dozen years earlier , according to the study , 58 % of students borrowed to pay for college , and the average amount borrowed was $ 13,172 .
Lend a Hand Some options for graduates having trouble making payments on their federal student loans : Borrowers can request a deferral or forbearance , which suspends payments temporarily
The extended - payment option makes monthly payments smaller by increasing the loan term
Income - based repayment means the borrower pays up to 15 % of discretionary income each month
The ripple effects for today 's heavily indebted young people are becoming palpable .
A growing body of research suggests that tough loan payments are affecting major life decisions by recent graduates , forcing them to put off traditional milestones — from buying a first home to even marriage and having children .
Also , the rising levels of borrowing may ironically be contributing to the accelerating cost of college , say some college - finance experts .
Loans can give colleges an artificial sense of a family 's ability to pay tuition .
To some extent , that false sense of security gets built into the assumptions schools make when setting prices , say experts .
The idea is that as prices rise , families borrow more and more , spurring prices to rise further , which in turn requires more borrowing .
Barmak Nassirian , associate executive director of the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers , says this phenomenon is playing a role in why tuition grows at about twice the rate of inflation .
" Instead of imposing tougher choices " on college costs , he says , it 's " easier to raise prices ... because this additional loan amount is made available . "
Journal Community “ The government should get out of the student - loan business .
Its involvement causes tuition to rise , people to attend college when they would be better off in vocational training and wasted use of taxpayer funds .
” — -- David Shellenberger
These and other impacts are likely to continue to spiral for future generations of tuition payers , college finance experts say .
It is unclear whether we have seen the worst of it .
Mr. Kantrowitz predicts the rate of increase will slow to 12 % for the 2009 - 10 school year due mainly to what he expects to be a rebounding economy .
On the other hand , Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody 's Economy.com , says he thinks unemployment rates will be at least as high as they are now , and housing prices will fall further , making it difficult for families to borrow against home equity .
" Growth in student lending can remain very strong , at least through the next school year , " Mr. Zandi predicts .
The total borrowing limit for dependent undergraduates who take out federal Stafford loans — the most popular federal aid program — grew to $ 31,000 this past school year from $ 23,000 .
Raised limits in federal loans may have siphoned some borrowing away from riskier — and costlier — private loans , which are now harder to get due to the retrenchment of that business .
The move away from these risky loans may be one bright spot in an otherwise frenzied student credit environment , Mr. Kantrowitz says .
Still , students cringe when they think of what they will owe by the time they graduate .
Kordi Solo , a senior majoring in journalism at Central Michigan University , expects to owe about $ 60,000 in student loans by the time she graduates in the spring .
She had hoped to owe much less , but her father , a construction worker , has been out of work since last fall .
She worries about the ramifications that debt will have on her future — whether it is being able to afford health insurance or qualifying for future loans .
Zack Leshetz , a 30 - year - old lawyer in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , has $ 175,000 in student loans from his seven years in college and law school .
Lately he has had his eye on the real - estate market .
" Everyone says that it's a great time to buy a house , " he says .
But that is not an option right now , he says , thanks to $ 800 a month in payments — and another chunk of student loans in forbearance , which means payments are halted while interest accrues .
" I find myself living paycheck to paycheck , " he says .
He has also been engaged since March , but has held off on marriage .
" There 's no way I can pay for a dream wedding , or even just a regular wedding , " Mr. Leshetz says .
" I feel like I 'm putting my entire life on hold . "
" There are no guarantees about how easily you 'll be able to pay off your student loans , " says Lauren Asher , president of the Institute for College Access and Success .
These students ' experiences are mirrored in research by Mathew Greenwald & Associates Inc. for investment - management firm AllianceBernstein LP .
In a 2006 survey of 1,508 graduates under age 35 , 39 % of college graduates say it will take them more than 10 years to pay off their household 's education - related debt .
The survey says that this has caused a delay in certain key " rites of passage " associated with adulthood .
Forty - four percent of respondents said they delayed buying a house because of their student loans , while 28 % delayed having children .
" Loans have gone from being the exception to being the norm for most students , " says Mr. Nassirian .
He laments that , rather than fixing the problem of sticker price , policy makers typically tweak student - aid programs to make it easier for students and families to continue to borrow more .
Attacking the problem of cost is thorny because it is politically difficult to get all the interested parties -- which include federal and state governments , foundations and private institutions — to agree .
" There are so many stakeholders , different explanations at different schools as to what 's happening with cost , that it becomes politically dicey , " says Christine Lindstrom , higher - education program director for U.S. Public Interest Research Group , which advocates for consumers .
Also , colleges can be big employers in congressional districts , making it challenging for politicians who represent them to also take them on .
" You 're not going to win friends if you 're alienating them , " she says .
Some Republicans made attempts at controlling tuition increases when they held the majority in Congress .
Rep. Howard P. " Buck " McKeon of California championed legislation in 2003 that would have penalized colleges for raising tuition too much by taking away federal subsidies .
Though the bill died , he plans to continue pursuing the issue in the upcoming Congress , a spokeswoman says .
Some recent graduates say they wish they had known more about the consequences of debt before taking it on .
Lillian Russell graduated from law school at the University of Pittsburgh last year with $ 181,000 in debt from her seven years in school .
She has spent much of the past year looking for work .
In recent weeks , she found a job clerking at a small law office .
While she settles into her job , she has deferred payments on most of her federal loans , though interest continues to accrue .
" I wish I had considered the long - term impacts of what I was getting into , " Ms. Russell says .
When she entered school , " the idea was I 'd take out the loans , get a job , and pay it back , " she says .
It seemed straightforward .
But as the economy has soured , " I feel like it 's shifted a lot of my life goals , " says Ms. Russell , from buying a house to starting a family .
" I 'm really concerned about handling this obligation while taking on new ones . "
Write to Anne Marie Chaker at anne-marie.chaker@wsj.com
Google Inc.'s
YouTube is in discussions with major movie studios about streaming movies on a rental basis , a test of whether the online video giant can persuade its millions of users to pay for premium content .
For Hollywood , the move could represent a bold attempt to offset its dwindling DVD sales with online revenue .
YouTube is talking to ...
Most of Wall Street , and America , is still waiting for an economic recovery .
Then there is Goldman Sachs .
Up and down Wall Street , analysts and traders are buzzing that Goldman , which only recently paid back its government bailout money , will report blowout profits from trading on Tuesday .
Analysts predict the bank earned a profit of more than $ 2 billion in the March - June period , because of its trading prowess across world markets .
If they are right , the bank ’s rivals will once again be left to wonder exactly how Goldman , long the envy of Wall Street , could have rebounded so drastically only months after the nation ’s financial industry was shaken to its foundations .
The obsessive speculation has already begun , along with banter about how Goldman ’s rapid return to minting money will be perceived by lawmakers and taxpayers who aided Goldman with a multibillion - dollar cushion last fall .
Over the next year , three more soldiers from the 1451st  Sgt. Jeffrey Wilson , First Sgt. Roger Parker and Specialist Skip Brinkley  would take their own lives .
The four suicides , in a unit of roughly 175 soldiers , make the company an extreme example of what experts see as an alarming trend in the years since the invasion of Iraq .
The number of suicides reported by the Army has risen to the highest level since record - keeping began three decades ago .
Last year , there were 192 among active - duty soldiers and soldiers on inactive reserve status , twice as many as in 2003 , when the war began .
( Five more suspected suicides are still being investigated . )
This year ’s figure is likely to be even higher : from January to mid-July , 129 suicides were confirmed or suspected , more than the number of American soldiers who died in combat during the same period .
Those statistics , of course , do not offer a full picture .
Suicide counts tend to be undercounts , and the trend is less marked in other branches of the military .
Nor are there reliable figures for veterans who have left the service ; the Department of Veterans Affairs can only systematically track suicides among its hospitalized patients , and it does not issue regular suicide reports .
Even so , stung by criticism from veterans groups and mental health advocates , the Pentagon and the veterans agency have increased efforts to understand and address the problem .
They have bolstered suicide - prevention programs , hiring hundreds more mental health providers .
At Fort Campbell , in Kentucky , where at least 14 soldiers have killed themselves this year alone , normal activities were suspended for three days in May and replaced with suicide - prevention training .
Late last year , the Army commissioned a five - year , $ 50 million study of the causes of suicide among soldiers , turning to four outside experts to lead the research .
“ The ‘ business as usual ’ attitudes of the past are no longer appropriate , ” said George Wright , an Army spokesman .
“ It ’s clear we have not found full solutions yet , but we are trying every remedy . ”
Suicide is a complex act , a convergence of troubled strands .
Researchers who have examined military suicides find not a single precipitating event but many : multiple deployments , relationship problems , financial pressures , drug or alcohol abuse .
If decades of studies on civilian suicides are any indication , soldiers who kill themselves are also likely to have a history of emotional troubles like depression , post - traumatic stress disorder or another illness .
For Jacob Blaylock , the elements of disaster were in place long before he went to war .
Still , an examination of his life and death suggests the difficulty of the mission the military has set for itself in identifying and helping soldiers at risk .
Zenkai , the son of a samurai , journeyed to Edo and there became the retainer of a high official .
He fell in love with the official 's wife and was discovered .
In self - defense , he slew the official .
Then he ran away with the wife .
Both of them later became thieves .
But the woman was so greedy that Zenkai grew disgusted .
Finally , leaving her , he journeyed far away to the province of Buzen , where he became a wandering mendicant .
To atone for his past , Zenkai resolved to accomplish some good deed in his lifetime .
Knowing of a dangerous road over a cliff that had caused the death and injury of many persons , he resolved to cut a tunnel through the mountain there .
Begging food in the daytime , Zenkai worked at night digging his tunnel .
When thirty years had gone by , the tunnel was 2,280 feet long , 20 feet high , and 30 feet wide .
Two years before the work was completed , the son of the official he had slain , who was a skillful swordsman , found Zenkai out and came to kill him in revenge .
" I will give you my life willingly , " said Zenkai .
" Only let me finish this work .
On the day it is completed , then you may kill me . "
So the son awaited the day .
Several months passed and Zendai kept on digging .
The son grew tired of doing nothing and began to help with the digging .
After he had helped for more than a year , he came to admire Zenkai 's strong will and character .
At last the tunnel was completed and the people could use it and travel in safety .
" Now cut off my head , " said Zenkai .
" My work is done . "
" How can I cut off my own teacher 's head ? " asked the younger man with tears in his eyes .
In Part 1 , Fractional Reserve Banking in Pictures , we saw how the banking system creates fraudulent money by creating new money on top of old .
The reserve requirement limit used in the example , 10 % , is the figure usually given , which means that from a $ 10 deposit the banking system could generate $ 90 of new money .
Also , the FED uses Open Market Operations to create new money by writing a check upon itself .
This article will demonstrate that reserve requirements are effectively not in existence and easily avoided by accounting tricks in the U.S. banking system .
In my view , the evidence is unrefutable as the sources are from the FED and documentation from Citigroup .
Although I have tried my best to keep the following simple and source my data , please feel free to comment or question and I will do my best to reply .
The first chart is from the FED 's latest Purposes and Functions from 2005 on page 51 of 146 .
As can be seen , “ net transaction accounts ” have a 10 % reserve requirement when over $ 45 million at a depository institution .
Net transaction accounts are checking accounts , demand deposit accounts , NOW ( negotiable order of withdrawal ) accounts , or credit union share draft accounts ( p. 135/146 )
“ Nonpersonal time deposits ” are defined ( p 129/146 ) as a “ time deposit held by a depositor other than an individual ” such as certificates of deposits , or CDs .
These have no reserve requirement .
Now what about savings accounts and certificates of deposits ?
These are termed “ nontransaction accounts ” by the FED since they do not meet the requirements of a transaction account ( CFR 204.2 ) .
See our next chart , taken from page 21/21 in this 1993 article from the Federal Reserve Board 's Division of Monetary Affairs .
Personal savings accounts , CDs , or money market accounts are NOT reservable liabilities since December 1990 as stated directly by the FED in 1993 and indirectly by their non-inclusion here .
So , there are NO reserve requirements for personal savings accounts and CDs .
The above leave us only with checking / NOW ( or “ net transaction ” ) accounts .
Here 's the text for the “ two sub- accounts ” trick done for “ accounting purposes ” by Citibank .
“ For accounting purposes , all Citibank consumer checking accounts ( Regular Checking , Citigold Interest Checking , Interest Checking and Basic Banking Account ) consist of two sub-accounts ; a transaction sub- account to which all financial transactions are posted ; and a holding sub - account into which available balances above a pre-set level are transferred daily .
Funds will be transferred to your transaction sub-account to meet your transactional needs .
For Regular Checking and Basic Banking Account , both sub-accounts are non-interest bearing .
For Citigold Interest Checking and Interest Checking , both sub-accounts pay the same interest rate .
Transfers can occur on any business day .
Transfers to the holding sub- account will be made whenever available balances in the transaction sub- account exceed a preset level .
Transfers from the holding subaccount to the transaction sub- account will be made whenever transaction sub- account balances fall below a predetermined level .
Because banking regulations limit the number of transfers between these types of subaccounts , all balances in the holding sub- account will be transferred to the transaction sub-account in the sixth transfer in any calendar month .
Both sub-accounts are treated as a single account for purposes of the client ’s deposits and withdrawals , access and information , tax reporting , fees , etc. ” ( Citibank Client Manual p. 19-20/33 )
First , note that the account holders have no idea these sub-accounts exist unless they read this fine print .
I encourage you to check your checking account 's fine print – all of the major banks I have checked use “ two sub- accounts , ” and several nearby local banks in my area have it too .
Second , note that the holding sub-accounts may fluctuate daily , and there are no rules whatsoever limiting how much of the currency can be diverted to this holding sub-account .
Obviously , the reason for the “ two sub-accounts ” accounting trick , more politely termed “ Deposit Reclassification ” by the banking industry ( see page 9 - 10/31 of this agreement from Camden National Bank ) , is to have the holding sub- account deemed a nontransaction account and no longer subject to reserve requirements .
In Eric deCarbonnel 's article “ Deposit Reclassification Used To Eliminate All Reserve Requirements , ” he refers to additional sources including this easy - to - follow piece from Romney & Associates where the author outlines the benefits and profits from deposit reclassification – by changing reserve requirements at their whims , banks can loan out even more – which is naïve insanity of course in the event of a bank run .
Speaking of bank runs , let 's take a look at the FED monetary base , reserves , and vault cash .
Per the latest H3 report from the FED , we have the below data ( in millions of USD ) .
Note the massive swings in nonborrowed reserves and the monetary base which took place roughly a year ago .
In the next chart , I took the reported deposits of FDIC depository institutions – which is an approximation I have made of the U.S. banking system from June 30 , 2008 ( p. 16/21 ) and the latest March 31 , 2009 ( p. 18/27 ) report – and listed the July 2008 and July 2009 results from the H3 report .
Provided my calculation of dividing the Total Reserves by the FDIC - reported Domestic Deposits is reasonable ( I have n't been able to find suitable FED numbers , hence my usage of FDIC data ) , the “ Towne reserve ratio ” was just a shocking 0.6 % in July 2008 .
While the current “ Towne reserve ratio ” is 10.6 % now , this is likely due to the monetary base change below .
While I will be the first to note these percentages are just rough numbers , is n't it funny how the math is now close to 10 % ?
Note that in July 2008 , the banking system 's vault cash EXCEEDED both required and total reserves .
[ Vault cash is the physical banknotes that banks keep on hand to meet withdrawals ; the vast majority of dollars exists in the form of electrons , and only a tiny sliver is metal coinage . ]
Now , in July 2009 , the required reserves and vault cash have been relatively unchanged .
Over the same period , the monetary base has almost doubled from $ 847 billion to $ 1,681 billion while reserves grew by about the same amount , from a scant $ 45 billion to $ 803 billion .
Where did this money come from ?
It is likely just FED “ liquidity ” or newly created currency .
We would need to audit the FED to really be sure , but the timing and amount coincides with the Banker Bailout of October 2008 .
At any rate , the intention of this money is likely just to paper over the collapse of the banking system last year .
CONCLUSION
In plain english , the U.S. banking system is using a sneaky accounting trick listed the fine print of checking account agreements to escape the gravity pull of reserve requirements .
The system likely already crashed last year , but the FED pumped in liquidity last year at the same time as the Banker Bailout to avoid the collapse of this Ponzi scheme .
This brings me to an interesting conclusion – at this point in history , our monetary system is really no more than paper ticket printing and excited electrons .
[ Although technically speaking , dollars are linen with mercury , arsenic , cyanide , titanium dioxide , formaldehyde , lithium , valium , zinc imbedded as I wrote here “ The Federal Reserve – A Good Company to Work For ? “ . ]
Although our central bank , the FED , can technically NEVER go bankrupt since it has the power to create as many paper tickets as needed , risks over the long - term include psychological events like hyperinflation where the demand to store money goes to zero , and the purchasing power of the currency approaches zero as well .
However , the true responsibility lies with U.S. Congress , which “ delegated ” its control over the currency to the FED in 1913 .
As F.A. Hayek wrote in The Road to Serfdom , delegated autonomy from the legislative body of a socialist state is usually done to escape blame and responsibility for the inevitable mistakes of central planning .
Understand that the next time you see your Congressman or - woman , unless he happens to be Dr. Ron Paul , they ARE responsible for quite literally stealing purchasing power from your pocket as I related in further detail here “ Unlocking the Money Matrix – The Real Interest Rate ( PART 12/15 ) ” .
The solution ?
The money power must be returned to We the People .
The FED must be abolished , by populating the U.S. House with representatives who will end the FED .
I 've outlined the steps I recommend in slides 26 - 47 of this presentation , but this certainly requires a national debate .
One last bit of math .
$ 49 Billion in vault cash divided by 307 million Americans works out to a whopping $ 160 per person .
Maybe Bernanke over at the FED should fire up the printing presses !
Note :
Thanks to Eric deCarbonnel whose article “ US Banks Operating Without Reserve Requirements ” clued me in to the above facts .
Interested readers are also recommended to read my last update on the banking system from April “ Off a Cliff with No Airbags ” as the situation has only worsened , and the conclusion section is still quite relevant .
Please ask any questions below and I will do my best to answer them clearly .
_______________________________________________________________________
Jake Towne is running for U.S. Congress in Pennsylvania 's 15th District in the 2010 election as a citizen unaffiliated with any political parties .
Jake also writes at www.LibertyMaven.com and www.CampaignForLiberty.com.
A master campaign presentation for internet viewing is available .
A novel campaign website built by Raging Debate , TowneForCongress.com has recently opened .
[ Reach the Author Here ! ]
_______________________________________________________________________
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito .
Do not give in to evil but proceed ever more boldly against it .
Summary of Articles and Bibliography for Jake Towne , the Champion of the Constitution ( 8/7/2009 )
_______________________________________________________________________
Also by the Author
Health Care – An Open Letter to flag@whitehouse.gov
Jake Towne's Health Care Platform
Health Care : Another Open Letter to Congressman Dent from Jake Towne
Congress Responsible for Mini-Bailout of $ 6.2 Billion to Delphi and Next Week 's Quarter - Trillion of New Debt
Why Foreign Aid ?
An Open Letter to Congressman Dent from Jake Towne
Social Security 's $ 700,000 Resort Meeting and Our Future
Unlocking the Money Matrix – The Real Interest Rate ( PART 12/15 )
Unlocking the Money Matrix – The Summers Gold Price Suppression Scheme ( PART 13/15 )
_______________________________________________________________________
Also by the Author on this subject
Fractional Reserve Banking in Pictures ( PART 1/2 )
R.I.P. – The London Gold Pool , 1961 - 1968
Gold and the “ Average Man ”
Ron Paul 's rEVOLution Versus the “ One Ring ” of the Federal Reserve
Silver and Gold ARE Money ( PART 1/2 )
The Money Matrix – How the FED Works ( PART 6/15 )
The Money Matrix – Who Owns the FED ( UPDATED PART 7/15 )
The Federal Reserve – A Good Company to Work For ?
Bernanke Speak : Translated
Bernanke 's Great Lie – The “ Gold Standard ” and the Great Depression ( PART 2/2 )
( CNN ) --
Thirty - two planets have been discovered outside Earth 's solar system through the use of a high - precision instrument installed at a Chilean telescope , an international team announced Monday .
This artist 's rendering shows one of the so - called exoplanets , or planets outside our solar system .
The existence of the so - called exoplanets -- planets outside our solar system -- was announced at the European Southern Observatory / Center for Astrophysics , University of Porto conference in Porto , Portugal , according to a statement issued by the observatory .
The announcement was made by a consortium of international researchers , headed by the Geneva Observatory , who built the High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher , or HARPS .
The device can detect slight wobbles of stars as they respond to tugs from exoplanets ' gravity .
That tactic , known as the radial velocity method , " has been the most prolific method in the search for exoplanets , " according to the European Southern Observatory statement .
The instrument detects movements as small as 3.5 km /hr ( 2.1 mph ) , a slow walking pace , the observatory said .
With the discovery , the tally of new exoplanets found by HARPS is now at 75 , out of about 400 known exoplanets , the organization said , " cementing HARPS 's position as the world 's foremost exoplanet hunter . "
The 75 planets are in 30 planetary systems , the European Southern Observatory said .
" HARPS is a unique , extremely high precision instrument that [ is ] ideal for discovering alien worlds , " Stephane Udry of Geneva University , who made the announcement on behalf of the international consortium that built the instrument , said in the observatory statement .
" We have now completed our initial five - year program , which has succeeded well beyond our expectations . "
" We are on the road , " Udry told CNN in a phone call from Portugal .
" The end of the road is finding life and other planets like our own , but we have to go step by step . "
HARPS has also boosted the discovery of so - called super - Earths -- planets with a mass a few times that of Earth .
Of the 28 super - Earths known , HARPS facilitated the discovery of 24 , the European Southern Observatory statement said .
Most reside in multiplanet systems , with up to five planets per system .
Although only 32 were announced Monday , the team knows of many more exoplanets , although more observation is needed before they are formally announced and papers are written about them .
" We have tons of them , " Udry said .
In return for building HARPS , the consortium was provided 100 observing nights per year over five years to search for exoplanets , one of the most ambitious searches ever implemented on a global basis , the European Southern Observatory said .
" These observations have given astronomers a great insight into the diversity of planetary system and help us understand how they can form , " team member Nuno Santos said in the statement .
The HARPS findings confirm the predictions of those who study planetary formation , Udry said .
" Moreover , those models are also predicting even more ... Earth - type planets . "
An important find for the study of planet formation was that three exoplanets were around stars that are metal - deficient , Udry said .
Metal - deficient stars are thought to be less favorable for planet formation ; however , planets the size of several Jupiters were found orbiting such deficient stars , the European Southern Observatory said .
In addition , the discovery gives " a very strong push " to projects attempting to find and study such exoplanets , Udry said .
According to its
Web site , the European Southern Observatory is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organization in Europe and describes itself as the " world 's most productive astronomical observatory . "
It is supported by 14 European countries .
All About Planetary Science • European Southern Observatory • Astronomy
Chemists are preparing to play an important but often unheralded role in determining the success of one of the largest and most important scientific experiments in history — next year 's initial attempts at the National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) to produce the world 's first controlled nuclear fusion reaction .
If successful in taming the energy source of the sun , stars , and of the hydrogen bomb , scientists could develop a limitless new source of producing electricity for homes , factories , and businesses .
The experiment could also lead to new insights into the origins of the universe .
A special two - day symposium addressing this topic , " Nuclear Diagnostics in Fusion Energy Research , " will be presented Aug. 19 and 20 during the 238th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) .
Scientists have been trying to achieve controlled nuclear fusion for almost 50 years .
In 2010 , researchers at the NIF at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California will focus the energy of 192 giant laser beams onto a pea-sized target filled with hydrogen fuel .
These lasers represent the world 's highest - energy laser system .
The scientists hope that their effort will ignite , or fuse , the hydrogen atoms ' nuclei to trigger the high energy reaction .
" Chemists will definitely play a role in determining whether nuclear fusion reactions have occurred during this NIF experiment , which is key to determining whether the experiment is a success , " says Dawn Shaughnessy , Ph.D. , a scientist with Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
" The idea is that the lasers will fuse hydrogen particles together , producing neutrons , " says Shaughnessy , one of many scientists who plan to analyze materials produced by the reaction .
" We 'll collect and measure the materials produced from the ignition and hopefully be able to determine how many neutrons were made .
More neutrons mean that more fusion has occurred . "
The Client Experience | Maximum Discretion And Client Confidentiality
As a boutique firm , Brown , PC , has built a world - class reputation .
Because of our devotion to personalized attention , we limit the number of businesses and individuals that we work with .
Being involved in a large tax dispute or targeted in a white collar criminal investigation can be extremely stressful , and we do everything we can to minimize that stress .
We communicate .
Our professionals and paralegals take client calls whenever possible , and when they cannot , calls are returned and emails are responded to promptly .
When circumstances require it , attorney Lawrence Brown , is available to clients during evenings , weekends , and holidays .
When we need input from a client , we do not waste time .
Similarly , we are surgically precise and efficient with the use of our time and consequently our client funds .
We do not have multiple layers of billing , so common in larger firms .
This Week in HTML 5 – Episode 34
In last week 's episode , I mentioned that the HTML 5 specification now includes a media registration for text / html .
Ian Hickson explains why HTML 5 re-registers text / html : " The main thing that needs updating is the removal of the permission for sending syntactic profiles of XML as text / html .
In addition , the encoding considerations , fragment identifier definition , and the text about recognising HTML documents are somewhat out of date and can be significantly improved by referencing HTML5 now . "
This addition has not been without controversy .
For example , Julian Reschke believes that " RFC 2854 applies to all HTML vocabularies ( and references them ) , while HTML5 just describes the ' current ' language . " [ ensuing discussion ]
I personally disagree that HTML 5 needs to define all elements and attributes of previous HTML versions in order to " earn " the right the re-register text / html , but it is true that HTML 5 does not do so .
Or did n't , before r3683 added a definition of the < meta scheme > attribute and a definition for the < head profile > attribute .
So there 's that .
In other news :
Interesting discussion of the week : Web Storage : apparent contradiction in spec .
At issue is how much freedom browsers should have to manage their client - side state , including cookies , local databases , and local storage .
On one side is Linus Upson , project manager of Google Chrome : " It is important that all local state be treated as a cache .
User agents need to be free to garbage collect any local state .
If they can't then attackers ( or the merely lazy ) will be able to fill up the user 's disk . "
On the other side is Brady Eidson of Apple : " One key advantage of LocalStorage and Databases over cookies is that they * do * have a predictable , persistent lifetime , and the browser is * not* allowed to prune them at will .
... [ O ] nce the data is stored , it should be considered user data - as ' sacred ' as a user 's file on the file system . "
Linus responds : " If the spec requires UAs to maintain local storage as ' precious ' it will be the first such feature in HTML 5 .
Everything else in the spec is treated as volatile . "
It goes on like that for a while .
Schuyler Duveen presents some use cases .
Boris Zbarsky ( Mozilla ) thinks it 's a matter of trust .
The entire thread highlights the multiple trains of thought for what local storage is for , what it means , and how it should be treated .
George Osborne 's
Tory conference speech last week left me in a state of shredded despair .
Not because of anything he said , but because I 'd just discovered he 's younger than me .
Only by two months , but still : younger .
In a correctly functioning universe , my advanced age would make me his superior .
If I deliberately knocked a glass of milk on to the floor , he'd have to clean it up .
He'd be on all fours , scrubbing desperately at the floorboards while I sat back in my chair , resting my feet on his back , reading the Financial Times , occasionally glancing over the top to harrumph at his efforts , grinding my heel into his spine to underline each criticism .
You missed a bit , boy .
For pity 's sake , show some gumption .
Tongue , Osborne !
Use your bloody tongue !
Wild fantasy , of course : there 's no way Osborne would prostrate himself before me , lapping up my mess like a prison cell Betty .
He 's of grander stock than I .
He 's worth ten thousand hundred billion pounds , wipes his arse on back issues of Tatler , attended a public school so swish that even its coat of arms looks down its nose at you , and spends his weekends running around his estate , dressed like the Planters " Mr Peanut " mascot , wildly thrashing at the back of chimney sweeps ' legs with a cane .
I went to a comprehensive and have the social standing of a plughole .
But I 'm resigned to the class difference .
It 's the age difference that rankles .
In my head , senior politicians are supposed to be older than I am – for ever .
No matter how much I age , part of their job is to be older and drier than me .
At 38 , Osborne feels too young for the world of politics .
At 38 , I feel too old for the world in general .
Age has been a lingering obsession of mine since I left my teens .
However old I 've been is too old .
At 26 , I felt totally washed up .
At 32 , I regretted wasting time worrying about my age as a 26 - year - old , because now I was convinced I really was totally washed up .
At 38 , I look back at my 32 - year - old self and regret that he wasted time with those regrets about wasted time .
Then I regret wasting my current time regretting regrets about regrets .
This is pretty sophisticated regretting I 'm doing .
That 's the sole advantage of ageing : I can now effortlessly consolidate my regrets into one manageable block of misery .
Otherwise , by the age of 44 , I 'd need complex database software just to keep track of precisely how many things I 'm regretting at once .
Age is an odd thing .
At every point in my life I 've regarded those both above and below me on the age ladder with unwarranted contempt .
Anyone younger was a barking idiot ; anyone older , an outmoded embarrassment .
But rather than mellowing into acceptance as I ascend the ladder , my distaste for both groups sharpens into bitter focus .
The young ones are even more idiotic because they do n't appreciate how short - lived their youth will be , dammit – while the old ones are now a horrifying vision of a steadily approaching future .
I 'm not talking about OAPs , incidentally , but people just a few years older than I am now .
To my eyes , they 're walking victims of the Great Inescapable Time Disaster .
On a rational level , I know there 's nothing wrong with ageing .
If anything , it should be taken as a sign of continued success .
Congratulations !
You have n't dropped dead yet .
But that does n't stop me seeing each individual grey hair as a tiny shoot of failure .
Like millions of us , I 've been indoctrinated into believing the ageing process some how reeks of indignity .
I 've been conditioned to view everything from the POV of a conceited twenty - something .
My brain 's lodged near the bottom of the ladder while my body clambers creakingly toward the top .
Look at those silver flecks ; that foul , rotting carcass : you stink of shame , you disgusting loser .
When you 're young , anyone a decade older or more can seem like a gauche joke , tragically unaware of their own crashing irrelevance .
They 're either hopelessly out - of - touch ( LOL !
He 's never heard of Lady Gaga ! ) , embarrassingly immature ( Ugh !
He listens to Lady Gaga ! ) or hovering awkwardly in - between ( Pff !
He uses Lady Gaga as a catch - all reference for youth ! ) .
At the same time , you somehow believe that when – if – you ever grow to be so impossibly ancient yourself , you 'll be wiser and less embarrassing .
How could you not be ?
These people are just pathetic .
The good news is that when you get there , you are wiser – albeit only slightly .
Chances are you 're still flailing around , just as clueless about What Happens Next .
Slightly more terrified at what the world might have in store , but slightly more confident in your ability to pilot a way through .
And the only real wisdom you 've gained is a fresh understanding of just how ignorant and arrogant you were in the past : a realisation that the joke was ultimately on you .
Pointing and laughing at your own destiny is futile .
The harder you sneer at the old , the more uncomfortable you feel when you age .
And unless you die , you will age .
Age and age and age , to a previously unimaginable degree , to the farthest reaches of " age space " and beyond .
To the point where , one day , the shadow chancellor is younger than you .
At which point you experience a subtle , cathartic little death – and thus liberated , finally start to grow up and get on with it .
1000s Flash Websites , Create your own Website by Wix
Saturday , August 29 I had the good fortune to speak at a community rally for health care reform in a city park in downtown Portland , Oregon .
It was a broad - based and diverse group with many signs and placards supporting the ' public option ' being debated by Congress , and others calling for ' single payer ' reform like that working effectively in other countries such as Canada .
Here is what I said :
I would like to begin by apologizing to all of you for the role I played 15 years ago in cheating you out of a reformed health care system .
Had it not been for greedy insurance companies and other special interests , and their army of lobbyists and spin-doctors like I used to be , we would n't be here today .
I 'm ashamed that I let myself get caught up in deceitful and dishonest PR campaigns that worked so well , hundreds of thousands of our citizens have died , and millions of others have lost their homes and been forced into bankruptcy , so that a very few corporate executives and their Wall Street masters could become obscenely rich .
But it was only during the last few years of my career that I came to realize the full scope of the harm my colleagues and I had caused , and the lengths that insurance companies will go to increase their profits at the expense of working families .
As I told the Senate Commerce Committee two months ago , the higher up the corporate ladder I climbed , the more I could see how insurance companies confuse their customers and dump the sick – all so they can satisfy those Wall Street masters .
I described for the senators how insurers make promises they have no intention of keeping , how they flout regulations designed to protect consumers , and how they make it nearly impossible to understand -- or even to obtain -- information consumers need .
I also told the Committee how the industry has conducted duplicitous and well - financed PR and lobbying campaigns every time Congress has tried to reform our health care system -- and how its current behind - scenes - efforts may well shape reform in a way that benefits Wall Street far more than average Americans .
I noted that , just as the industry did 15 years ago when it led the effort to kill the Clinton reform plan , it is using shills and front groups to spread lies and disinformation to scare Americans away from the very reform that would benefit them most .
Make no mistake , the industry , despite its public assurances to be good - faith partners with the President and Congress , has been at work for years laying the groundwork for devious and often sinister campaigns to manipulate public opinion .
The industry goes to great lengths to keep its involvement in these campaigns hidden from public view .
But I know from having served on many trade group committees that industry leaders are always full partners in developing strategies to derail any reform that might interfere with their ability to increase their companies ' profits .
My involvement in those activities goes back to the early '90s when insurers joined with other special interests to finance the activities of an organization called the Healthcare Leadership Council , which led a coordinated effort to scare Americans and members of Congress away from the Clinton plan .
A few years after that victory , the insurers formed a front group called the Health Benefits Coalition to kill efforts to pass a Patients Bill of Rights .
While it was touted as a broad - based business group , the Health Benefits Coalition in reality got the lion 's share of its funding from Big Insurance .
Like most front groups , the Health Benefits Coalition was set up and run out of a big and well - connected PR firm .
One of the key strategies developed by the PR firm as the coalition was gearing up for battle in late 1998 was to stir up support among conservative talk radio hosts and other media .
The PR firm formed alliances with groups like the Christian Coalition and the Family Research Council and persuaded them to send letters to Congress and to appear at press conferences .
The firm also launched an advertising campaign in conservative media outlets .
The message was that President Clinton owed a debt to the liberal base of the Democratic Party and would try to pay back that debt by advancing the type of big government agenda on health care that he failed to get in 1993 .
Those tactics worked .
Industry allies in Congress made sure the Patients ' Bill of Rights would not become law .
The insurance industry has funded several other front groups since then whenever the industry has been under attack .
It formed the Coalition for Affordable Quality Healthcare to try to improve the image of managed care in response to a constant stream of negative stories that appeared in the media in the late '90s and the first years of this decade .
It funded another front group when lawyers began filing class action lawsuits on behalf of doctors and patients .
The PR firm the industry hired to create that front group , by the way , had planned and conducted a similar campaign for the tobacco industry a few years earlier .
The insurance industry hired that same PR firm again in 2007 to help blunt the impact of Michael Moore 's movie , " Sicko . "
It created and staffed a front group called " Health Care America " specifically to discredit Moore and to demonize the health care systems featured in the movie .
Among the tactics the PR firm used once again was to enlist the support of conservative talk show hosts , writers and editorial page editors to warn against a " government - takeover " of the U.S. health care system .
The term " government - takeover " is one the industry has used many times over the years to scare people away from reform .
Health Care America also placed ads in newspapers .
One of those ads carried this message , " In America , you wait in line to see a movie .
In government - run health care systems , you wait to see a doctor . "
With this history , you can rest assured that the insurance industry is up to the same dirty tricks , using the same devious PR practices it has used for many years , to kill reform this year , or even better , to shape reform so that it benefits insurance companies and their Wall Street investors far more than average Americans .
Americans need to be alert to how the industry and its allies are working to influence their opinions and lawmakers ' votes .
I know from years as an industry PR executive how effective insurers have been in using scare tactics to turn public opinion against any reform efforts that would threaten their profitability .
I warned earlier this year that Americans and the media should pay close attention to the efforts insurers and their ideological buddies would undertake to demonize health care systems around the world that do n't allow for - profit insurance companies to have the free reign they have here .
Americans must realize that the when they hear isolated stories of long waiting times to see doctors in Canada and allegations that care in other systems is rationed by government bureaucrats , the insurance industry has written the script .
And Americans must realize that every time they hear we will be heading down the " slippery slope toward socialism " if Congress creates a public insurance option to compete with private insurers , some insurance flack like I used to be wrote that , too .
Every time you hear about the shortcomings of what they call " government - run " health care , remember this : what we have now in this country , and what the insurers are determined to keep in place , is Wall Street - run health care .
And know that we already have one of the most insidious means of rationing care in the world -- not by people we can hold accountable on election day but by insurance company executives who answer only to a few wealthy investors and hedge fund managers who care far more about earnings per share than your health and well - being .
If Congress goes along with the " solutions " the insurance industry says it is bringing to the table and fails to create a public insurance option to compete with private insurers , the bill it sends to President Obama might as well be called the Insurance Industry Profit Protection and Enhancement Act .
Some in the media believe the health insurers have already won .
That 's not only because the debate over reform seems to have been hijacked recently by insurance company shills and people who believe the lies they have been spewing , but because of the billions of dollars the insurers have been spending to influence votes on Capitol Hill .
Folks , it is not too late to keep the insurers from winning , but time is running short .
We need to think of the coming weeks as some of the most important weeks in the history of this country .
We need to think that way because they will be , and we must redouble our efforts to make sure members of Congress put our interests above those of private health insurers and others who view reform as a way to make more money .
If we want to take back control or our health care system from the big for - profit companies that have wrecked it , we must take back control of this debate .
We must begin to talk in ways that reach our friends and neighbors who have been influenced by the lies .
We need to tell them that we can continue to have a system that allows 20,000 Americans to die every year because they do n't have insurance , or we can have a system that will make sure their sons and daughters are not one of them .
We should ask the skeptics of a public option , who are afraid that giving people a choice of a government - run plan will lead to socialism , if they would want to go back to the day when Americans had to buy private fire insurance .
Tell them if they lived in Ben Franklin 's day and they did n't have a shield on the outside of their house indicating they were insured , their town 's private fire insurance companies would let their house burn down .
The private insurance companies would keep your fire from spreading to your insured next - door neighbor 's house , but your house would soon be nothing more than a pile of ashes .
We must remind our family members and our friends and neighbors why we are having this debate in the first place .
If they tell you they do n't think their tax dollars should be used to pay for someone else 's coverage , point out to them that they already are paying for the care uninsured people receive when they go to the emergency room and can't afford to pay the exorbitant bills they get from the hospital .
Those of us who are insured pay an extra thousand dollars in premiums every year just to cover that uncompensated care .
If they say they do n't want to saddle their children and grandchildren with additional taxes , ask them if they have thought what might happen to their children and grandchildren if they found themselves among the millions of people without health insurance or , maybe more likely , among the underinsured .
Ask them how they would feel if their daughter came down with breast cancer soon after she and your son - in - law moved into their dream house and just as your grandchildren were beginning to think about college .
Ask them how they would feel if their daughter and son - in - law learned that the insurance they thought would be there when they needed it required them to pay so much out of their own pockets that they could n't afford to pay for their daughter 's cancer treatments and also make the house payments .
Ask them how they would feel if their children and grandchildren were forced out of their dream home and into bankruptcy , and ask them how they would feel if their grandchildren had to give up their dreams of going to college .
Ask them how they would feel if their granddaughter fell into the wrong crowd and died of a drug overdose just as her high school friends were graduating from the college she herself had once dreamed of graduating from .
Ask them how they would feel when they found out that this all happened because their daughter 's private insurance company forced her to pay more for her care than her family could afford just so it could continue to pay its CEO $ 30 million a year and meet Wall Street 's profit expectations .
Folks , I believe we Americans by and large are a compassionate people .
Yes , we believe in individual responsibility , but we also believe in the Golden Rule .
I do n't know a single American -- or at least I hope I do n't -- who would knowingly wish the future I just described on anyone 's family .
But the sad reality is that many of the people who have become unwitting spokespeople for the insurance industry -- the people who are objecting to a public insurance option because they have bought into the lies the insurance industry 's shills are telling them -- will ensure that that horrific future is a reality for millions of Americans , including their loved ones , if the insurance industry wins this debate again .
So over the coming weeks , we must tell our conservative friends who are worried needlessly about a government - takeover of our health care system that what we all should really be concerned about is the Wall - Street takeover that has occurred while we were not paying attention .
It is that takeover that has led to more and more working Americans being forced into the ranks of the uninsured .
It is that takeover that has forced millions more of us into the ranks of the underinsured because insurers are making us pay thousands of dollars out of our own pockets before they 'll pay a dime .
It is that takeover that has forced many of our neighbors out of their homes and into bankruptcy .
And it is that takeover that is causing more and more small businesses to stop offering coverage to their employees because of the exorbitant premiums that greedy , Wall - Street - driven insurers are charging them .
I want to close by thanking you for being here today and for the hard work you 've already been doing to try to persuade members of Congress to do the right thing .
But as I pointed out earlier , the coming weeks will be some of the most important weeks of our lives .
Let 's pledge to each other that we will work even harder to ensure that America joins the rest of the developed world in making sure that ALL of its citizens -- our brothers and sisters , our sons and our daughters , our neighbors and our co-workers -- have good coverage we can all have the peace of mind knowing will be there when and if we need it .
Thank you .
Wendell Potter is the Senior Fellow on Health Care for the Center for Media and Democracy in Madison , Wisconsin .
AT&T 's network is basically a huge failure .
And if you want to fix their incompetence in your area , you 'll need to pay an additional $ 150 for a 3G MicroCell .
I call bullshit .
Advertisement
Update , March 24th , 2010 : While AT&T wisely offered to cancel the monthly payments , we still think some of the principles below still stand .
The most important being , if I 'm paying for service , and that service is terrible , why do I have to pay more to get it to work as it should , and as well as it does on Sprint and Verizon ?
Danny touched on this earlier , but the logic here is blowing my mind .
How little regard for your customers do you have to have to offer a product that fixes your own product for an additional fee every month ?
Seriously , somebody explain to me how this is going to fly .
Advertisement
AT&T is currently testing the MicroCell in North Carolina , charging up to $ 20 a month to people who want to fix the dead spot in their apartment by running their phone through the internet .
And they 're charging subscribers $ 150 for the box itself .
It 's all a trial , so any of these prices could change , but as it stands it 's pretty ridiculous .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And AT&T is the last carrier to the femtocell party .
Sprint charges $ 20 a month for its AiRave femtocell and Verizon charges $ 250 for its Network Extender box .
T - Mobile charges $ 10 a month for its @ Home service , which uses Wi-Fi instead of a cellular connection , but does the same thing .
All of the carriers are ripping off their customers with these things , since all of the work is being put on your home internet connection , which you pay your broadband carrier for .
AT&T's new test of their MicroCell seems as egregious as any of the carriers , so let 's use them as an example .
Basically , AT&T did n't have a strong enough network to handle the iPhone .
It still does n't .
Yet they still charge about $ 100 per month on average to iPhone customers , who have to deal with dropped calls , delayed voicemails and unreliable 3G speeds .
If you are in a particularly bad spot , the 3G MicroCell will let you run your calls through your internet connection rather than over their shit network .
Advertisement
Where do they get off charging for this ?
Femtocells will actually reduce the load on their networks .
It shifts the traffic over to the internet provider you 're already paying for ( which I 'm sure ISPs will just love ) .
How does this earn AT&T $ 20 per month , no matter how much you talk ?
The way the iPhone performs on AT&T 's network — or really , any dead spot for any carrier — they should be giving these out to people for free .
In NYC and San Francisco , the service is near - unusable a good percentage of the time .
AT&T is always talking about how they 're increasing coverage , but it never seems to get better .
In fact , the week after they claimed to have completed upgrades in New York , my experiences with their coverage got noticeably worse .
Advertisement
Imagine this was the case with any of your other monthly bills .
Oh , sorry about the brownouts !
The power company has had some troubles at the plant .
I know it was inconvenient , but they 'll fix it for you with a solar panel for an additional fee per month .
As for your gym membership , sorry that it was closed four days a week last month !
For an extra fee every month you can get a Bowflex so you can still work out whenever that happens .
Advertisement
It 's ludicrous .
If their network was solid , these MicroCells would n't even need to exist .
AT&T is cutting off your arm and then trying to sell you some bandages .
Hey , AT&T : people are already paying you for cell service .
You can't charge them again for the same service .
Fix your fucking network .
Even though Apple suggests Mac users without Leopard buy the $ 169 Mac box set to get Snow Leopard , anyone can purchase the $ 29 Snow Leopard disc and install Snow Leopard in its entirety without having already installed Leopard .
Advertisement
This means the $ 29 Snow Leopard DVD is n't an " upgrade " at all ; it 's the full - on Mac OS X operating system for 30 bucks .
( Something we missed yesterday when we told you how to prep your mac for Snow Leopard and have since corrected . )
Advertisement
Prep Your Mac for Snow Leopard
An operating system update like this Friday 's release of Mac OS X Snow Leopard is a perfect time …
Read more
I suspected this was the case , since it is with the developer build I 'm running , but The Wall Street Journal 's Walt Mossberg confirms it 's true for the final release as well :
For owners of Intel - based Macs who are still using the older Tiger version of the Mac OS , Apple is officially making Snow Leopard available only in a " boxed set " that includes other software and costs $ 169 .
The reasoning is that these folks never paid the $ 129 back in 2007 to upgrade to Leopard .
But here 's a tip : Apple concedes that the $ 29 Snow Leopard upgrade will work properly on these Tiger - equipped Macs , so you can save the extra $ 140 .
So if you 're jumping from Tiger to Snow Leopard , you saved $ 129 bucks never purchasing Leopard and you can save $ 140 skipping the box set .
Guess being a late adopter does pay off .
Snow Leopard Reviews : Speed Boosts and Subtle Improvements ( for Cheap ) [ Smarterware ]
Advertisement
Smarterware is Lifehacker editor emeritus Gina Trapani's new home away from ' hacker .
To get all of the latest from Smarterware , be sure to subscribe to the Smarterware RSS feed .
For more , check out Gina 's weekly Smarterware feature here on Lifehacker .
Apple 's rejection of the Google Voice app for the iPhone went all the way to the top — the bad news was personally delivered to Google by none other than Apple 's Senior VP of Worldwide Product Marketing , Phil Schiller .
New details of the controversial decision came to light today when the FCC released an unredacted version of Google 's own confidential letter ( PDF ) to the agency .
Google replied to a set of FCC questions about the Google Voice app rejection on August 21 , but requested that the letter be kept private due to the " sensitive nature of commercial discussion . "
Interested parties immediately filed Freedom of Information
Act requests to get at the juicy tidbits that might be found in such a letter ; rather than fight the request , Google waived its confidentiality .
Most of the letter is routine , though the " confidential " section does describe Google 's interactions with Apple ( Google says it had no contact with AT&T throughout the process ) .
The Google Voice app was submitted to Apple on June 2 , 2009 .
Between July 5 and July 28 , Schiller had a set of meetings , phone calls , and e-mail exchanges with Google 's Senior VP of Engineering & Research , Alan Eustace , about the app .
Apple expressed one major concern : the " application duplicated the core dialer functionality of the iPhone , " with the company telling Google it did not want any apps " that could potentially replace such functionality . "
On July 7 , Schiller told Eustace by phone that the app was being denied for this reason .
This had been an issue earlier in the year , too , when Google tried to get its location - based social networking Google Latitude app approved for the iPhone .
Apple did n't like Latitude because it might compete with the built - in Maps application and cause " user confusion , " especially as the built - in app used Google Maps as its backend .
On April 10 , 2009 , Schiller told Eustace that Latitude would be rejected .
The nature of the contact between Google and Apple on these apps shows just how high - level the process was and how important it was to Google .
Apple 's decision to eventually put the kibosh on both apps sounds plausible , if not " open " ( never a real virtue of the iPhone and its App Store ecosystem ) , but it 's still rather strange .
We have reports from developers , for instance , that Schiller personally approved third - party Google Voice apps in April 2009 .
Apple 's own letter ( PDF ) to the FCC on this issue made clear that it had the same concerns about the third - party apps , which were pulled after initially being accepted .
The odd part about Apple 's response is that it insists that it never " rejected " the Google Voice app .
" Contrary to published reports , Apple has not rejected the Google Voice application , and continues to study it , " said that letter .
" The application has not been approved because , as submitted for review , it appears to alter the iPhone ’s distinctive user experience by replacing the iPhone ’s core mobile telephone functionality and Apple user interface with its own user interface for telephone calls , text messaging and voicemail . "
This spawned plenty of developer skepticism — how was it possible to " replace " Apple 's core functionality ?
Many people saw the sinister hand of AT&T behind the non-approval , especially since AT&T and Apple admitted that the wireless operator did indeed impose app restrictions ( no VoIP over the data network , for instance ) .
Google 's letter does n't clear up the motives behind Apple 's change of heart when it came to Google Voice apps , but it does remind us that this was n't some issue handled by a denizen of the App Store approval process ; this happened right at the top of both companies , and only after weeks of discussion .
Update : Apple has made one of its rare public comments , telling Ars that despite Google 's account of the app rejection ( a term Google uses repeatedly ) , " Apple has not rejected the Google Voice application and we continue to discuss it with Google . ”
It is completely acceptable to bury / embed both hard drawn and annealed copper water tube in concrete .
Decades of satisfactory service experience with the use of copper tube for in - floor radiant heating systems , water distribution systems and snow melting systems attest to the compatibility of copper tube embedded , encased or in contact with concrete
The copper tube must be completely embedded in the concrete and adequate provision for thermal expansion should be provided where the tube enters / exits the concrete .
It is also acceptable to run a copper water tube through a concrete floor or wall , provided that allowance is made for the lateral thermal expansion and movement of the tube and protection of the tube from abrasion .
This can be done by insulating the tube where it passes through the wall or by wrapping the tube with an approved tape ( to avoid abrasion ) and installing it through a sleeve .
Please refer to your local plumbing code for specific requirements regarding the protection of pipes and tubes passing through concrete and masonry floors and walls
Click to expand ...
When several preschool teachers in Los Angeles fell sick last April after eating brownies , public health investigators suspected it was n’t a typical case of food poisoning .
The symptoms included giddiness , dizziness , mood changes , dry mouth  and a bad case of the munchies .
One of the teachers had bought the homemade goodies a few days earlier from what she thought was a church bake sale ; she shared them with colleagues during a work break .
But within 90 minutes of eating just one brownie each , five teachers became ill ; the adult son of the buyer also reported symptoms .
It turned out there had been no church bake sale .
And a leftover piece of brownie tested positive for cannabinoids found in marijuana , according to a report of the incident published Sept. 4 in The Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Why are we asking this now ?
Because that 's one of the more controversial suggestions from a think tank which is looking into how Britain can alleviate its rather desperate allotment shortage .
According to the New Local Government Network , persuading councils to turn over vacant brownfield sites – and landowners to give up under -used parts of their private estates – would quickly free up huge tracts of land that could easily be turned over to growing food .
The think tank 's director , Chris Shipley , who is also a former MP , has even suggested that the Royal Family should hand over some of their land .
" I am sure that as a vocal advocate for farming and the countryside , that Prince Charles and the Duchy of Cornwall will be supportive of the idea , " he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
How bad are the shortages ?
Pretty bad .
The number of allotments available to the public has remained relatively constant over the past decade but what seems to have taken everyone by surprise is the amazing demand for patches of land to grow your own .
Jeff Stokes , the national secretary of the National Association of Allotments and Leisure Gardens , says : " Demand for allotments has mushroomed in the past five years .
People are now so much more concerned about how much food is imported vast distances to our supermarkets when they could be grown at home .
But the supply has n't increased with the demand . "
How many people are waiting for an allotment ?
About 86,000 people are confirmed as being on a waiting list but not all local authorities have provided full details of their shortages .
Campaigners believe the nationwide shortage is anywhere from 100,000 to 150,000 individual allotments .
In some areas where demand is particularly high – primarily inner-city London and the North - east – it can be decades before an allotment becomes available to someone on a waiting list .
To give you an indication of how much more back in vogue allotments now are , in 1996 the waiting list was just 13,000 .
Why are there so few allotments available ?
Because on our crowded little island , land has become an increasingly finite resource .
In the 1940s , when millions of Britons were encouraged to " Dig for Victory " during the Second World War , there were an estimated 1.4 million individual allotments across the nation .
But as supermarkets began taking over our high streets throughout the 1980s and 1990s ( flying in a scintillating array of vegetables and fruit from around the world , whatever the season ) the demand to grow your own food locally quickly plummeted .
Keen to free up land to alleviate housing shortages or generate spare income , local councils began selling off their disused allotments .
Now there are just 200,000 plots available , well below the overall demand .
How can we create new allotments in cities ?
By being a little innovative .
While Britain may be a heavily populated island with a growing population , allotment campaigners say even in heavily - built areas space can still be found .
London , for instance , has initiated a new campaign to create 2,012 new growing spaces for the 2012 Olympics by converting roof space , disused waterways and railway yards .
Local borough councils have also been asked to persuade hospitals and schools to turn their bits of unused land over to gardening .
What else does the report suggest ?
The New Local Government Network believes the easiest and quickest way to create new allotments would be to target brownfield sites and wasted private land .
Britain has an estimated 12,710 hectares of vacant brownfield land , at least 85 per cent of which is located within 500 metres of an urban area .
Even turning some of these sites into temporary allotments could help alleviate demand very quickly .
Private land could also be used to create a more sustainable food economy .
Currently 70 per cent of land in Britain is still owned by 1 per cent of the population .
Other than the Royal Family , which owns 677,000 acres , Britain 's largest landowners include the Duke of Buccleuch and Queensbury ( 207,000 acres ) , the Duke of Northumberland ( 130,200 acres ) and the Duke of Westminster ( 129,300 acres ) .
How can we persuade landowners to lend their land for allotments ?
Firstly by appealing to their altruistic side or by offering tax incentives .
The Landshare website , where people with spare plots of land can advertise to others looking to grow their own vegetables , has already shown how many people are more than willing to let others borrow their property in order to grow food .
The website was only launched in the spring and already more than 1,000 people have offered land for free .
But in areas where demand for allotments is acute , the report 's authors believe the Government should create a Large Private Estate Commission which would " be empowered through statutory legislation to temporarily transfer " land to the people if a landowner refuses to countenance the redevelopment of vacant land .
Is n't that quite controversial ?
Oh yes .
Confiscating land , even if it is unused and will only be leant to someone temporarily , is a hugely controversial issue .
For many it would represent an unacceptable level of interference by the state – akin to the kind of mass land - redistribution schemes favoured by numerous communist governments in the last century .
But others believe borrowing land that would otherwise be left vacant is morally acceptable .
In the past year Britain 's squatting movement has increasingly begun to argue that in these difficult economic times where many are priced out of the property market , an occupied home is still better than an empty one .
Gardeners are also getting in on the act .
Inspired by a similar movement in America , so - called " guerrilla gardeners " have begun growing produce on various bit of land , both private and public , regardless of whether they have permission or not .
Do we really need allotments ?
Some might argue that an allotment is a luxury acquisition .
But for those who are concerned about our future food sources , allotments make both economic and environmental sense .
Last year the UN announced that food production would have to increase by 50 per cent by 2030 in order to cope with rising demand , and it cannot all be air - freighted into the country .
Whatever happens to the global food supply , it is clear that we will have to start growing more food at home , and it makes economic sense .
According to Terry Walton , who runs Radio 2's " house allotment " in the Rhondda Valley , growing a kilogram of carrots on an allotment costs just 4 p compared to 78 p in a supermarket .
Potatoes , meanwhile , cost just 40p/ kg from an allotment and £ 1.08 on the high street .
You also save a huge amount of money in plastic packaging .
Each year an estimated 6.3 million tonnes of packaging comes into British homes , at a cost of £ 450 to the average family – the equivalent of a sixth of the average family 's annual food budget .
Is it time unused land was seized in order for us to be more self - sufficient ?
Yes ...
* There 's an enormous shortage of allotments and lots of under - used land held privately
* The land could be used temporarily and returned to the landowner if they want to develop it
* No one is saying landowners should be forced to hand over property , just a little more altruistic
No ...
* Seizing land , even temporarily , from landowners can never be acceptable in a free - market economy
* It should be the Government 's responsibility to find land for allotments
* Demand for allotments comes and goes .
Growing your own may go out of fashion once more
j.taylor@independent.co.uk
Mars may not be as dormant as scientists once thought .
The 2004 discovery of methane means that either there is life on Mars , or that volcanic activity continues to generate heat below the martian surface .
ESA plans to find out which it is .
Either outcome is big news for a planet once thought to be biologically and geologically inactive .
The methane mystery started soon after December 2003 , when ESA ’s Mars Express arrived in orbit around the red planet .
As the Planetary Fourier Spectrometer ( PFS ) began taking data , Vittorio Formisano , Istituto di Fisica dello Spazio Interplanetario CNR , Rome , and the rest of the instrument team saw a puzzling signal .
As well as the atmospheric gases they were anticipating , such as carbon monoxide and water vapour , they also saw methane .
“ Methane was a surprise , we were not expecting that , ” says Agustin Chicarro , ESA Mars Lead Scientist .
The reason is that on Earth much of the methane in our atmosphere is released by evolved life forms , such as cattle digesting food .
While there are ways to produce methane without life , such as by volcanic activity , it is the possible biological route that has focused attention on the discovery .
The Mars Express detection of methane is not an isolated case .
While the spacecraft was en route , two independent teams of astronomers using ground - based telescopes started to see traces of methane .
After five years of intensive study , the suite of observations all confirmed the discovery and presented planetary scientists with a big puzzle .
Methane is thought to be stable in the martian atmosphere for around 300 years .
So , whatever is generating the methane up there , it is a recent occurrence .
In January 2009 , a team led by Michael Mumma of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center published results that the methane they saw in 2003 was concentrated in three regions of the planet .
This showed that the methane was being released at the present time and was being observed before it had time to distribute itself around the planet .
Things then took a strange turn .
Instead of taking 300 years to disappear , the methane had almost entirely vanished by early 2006 .
Clearly something unusual is going on at Mars .
“ We thought we understood how methane behaved on Mars but if the measurements are correct then we must be missing something big , ” says Franck Lefèvre , Université Pierre et Marie Curie , CNRS , Paris and a member of Mars Express ’s SPICAM instrument team .
Together with his colleague François Forget , Mars Express Interdisciplinary Scientist in charge of atmospheric studies and also of Université Pierre et Marie Curie , CNRS , Paris , Lefèvre has investigated the disappearance using a computer model of Mars ’ climate .
“ We have tackled the problem as atmospheric physicists , without worrying about the nature of the source of the methane , ” he says .
In results published last week they found that , while their computer model can reproduce atmospheric species such as carbon monoxide and ozone , it is unable to reproduce the behaviour of the methane .
“ Something is removing the methane from the atmosphere 600 times faster than the models can account for , ” says Lefèvre .
“ Consequently , the source must be 600 times more intense than originally assumed , which is considerable even by Earth ’s geological standards . ”
To remove methane at such a rate , suspicion falls on the surface of the planet .
Either the methane is being trapped in the dust there or highly reactive chemicals such as hydrogen peroxide are destroying it , as was hinted by the Viking missions in the 1970s .
If the latter , then the surface is much more hostile to organic molecules ( those containing carbon ) than previously thought .
This will make searching for traces of past or present life much tougher and future rovers will have to drill below the martian surface to look for signs of life .
To help get to the bottom of the methane mystery , ESA and the Italian space agency ( ASI ) are to hold a three - day international workshop in November .
The assembled scientists will discuss the results and plan strategies for the future study of methane .
At the workshop , the Mars Express PFS team hopes to present a global map of martian methane .
“ We have made the PFS mapping a priority over the last few months , ” says Olivier Witasse , ESA Project Scientist for Mars Express .
In July , ESA agreed with NASA to launch joint missions to Mars .
The topic of methane is of such importance that it will be most likely addressed in these future missions .
“ Understanding the methane on Mars is one of our top priorities , ” says Witasse .
However the methane is eventually explained , it makes Mars a more fascinating place than even planetary scientists dreamed .
Just like other object oriented languages , Ruby gives an object ways to find out if it is equal to , greater or less than another object .
Object comparison is extremely important , not only do we tend to often explicitly compare objects to each other e.g. :
ruby string1 = " abc " if " abc " == string1 puts ' they are equal ' end
but objects are frequently compared and tested for equality ‘ behind the scenes ’ , by core and library classes ( i.e. ordering of objects in collections etc . ) .
So , lets not waste any time and jump straight in .
Testing Objects For Equality
Ruby has three main equality test methods , == , eql ? and equal ?.
These methods normally live in the Object class and since all other Ruby classes inherit from Object , they automatically gain access to these three methods .
Inside the Object class all there methods do exactly the same thing , they test if two objects are exactly the same object .
That is to say , both objects must have the same object id .
We can easily demonstrate this e.g. :
```ruby string1 = “ abc ” class MyObject end object1 = MyObject.new object2 = object1 object3 = MyObject.new
puts “ Object 1 is == to object 2 : # {object1 == object2} ” puts “ Object 1 is eql ? to object 2 : #{object1.eql? object2} ” puts “ Object 1 is equal ? to object 2 : #{object1.equal ? object2} ” puts “ Object 1 is == to object 3 : # {object1 == object3} ” puts “ Object 1 is eql ? to object 3 : #{object1.eql? object3} ” puts “ Object 1 is equal ? to object 3 : #{object1.equal ?
object3}” ```
The output is :
Object 1 is == to object 2 : true Object 1 is eql ? to object 2 : true Object 1 is equal ?
to object 2 : true Object 1 is == to object 3 : false Object 1 is eql ? to object 3 : false Object 1 is equal ?
to object 3 : false
As you can see , when two variables are referencing the same object , calling any of the three equality methods will tell us that the two object are equal .
As soon as two variables reference different objects ( even if everything about the objects is otherwise identical ) , all three methods will tell us that the objects are unequal .
Of course , it is not very useful to have 3 different methods that do the same thing .
Usually with Ruby we will tend to leave the equal ?
method alone to always give us the ability to find out if two objects are exactly the same .
The eql ?
and == methods however are open to be redefined in any way we like .
It might still seem a little strange to have two methods that can ostensibly do the same thing .
I will come back to this point a little later .
In the meantime lets look at the == method ( or operator if you prefer ) .
You can redefine the == method to give your objects custom behavior when it comes to equality testing .
Lets do this for a Sock class :
```ruby class
Sock attr_reader : size def initialize size @size = size end
def ==( another_sock ) self.size == another_sock.size end end```
You may now compare your Sock objects in an intuitive fashion based on the size .
More than that , by defining the == method on your object , you also get the != method for free which allows you to test your objects for inequality , very handy e.g. :
```ruby sock1 = Sock.new ( 10 ) sock2 = Sock.new ( 11 ) sock3 = Sock.new ( 10 )
puts “ Are sock1 and sock2 equal ? # {sock1 == sock2} ” puts “ Are sock1 and sock3 equal ? # {sock1 == sock3} ” puts “ Are sock1 and sock2 NOT equal ?
#{sock1 != sock2}” ```
Which produces :
Are sock1 and sock2 equal ?
false
Are sock1 and sock3 equal ?
true Are sock1 and sock2 NOT equal ?
true
But , what if you want to compare two objects to find out which one is greater ?
Comparing Ruby Objects
The == is not only an equality method , it is also part of a family of comparison methods that also include , > , < , >= , <= , and != .
Whenever you need to be able to compare your object and not just test for equality , redefining the == method is no longer enough and you must take a different approach .
In order to give your object the ability to be compared to other objects , you need to do two things :
Mix in the the Ruby Comparable module into your class
Define a method called < = > , this is known as the comparison method or ‘ spaceship method ’
Mixing in the module is pretty simple , but how do you define the < = > method ?
This is also fairly intuitive , if you ’re familiar with any other object oriented language .
If you ’ve ever used the Comparable interface in Java for example , you ’ll be right at home .
Essentially , the method must return – 1 when you think your current object is smaller than the one you ’re comparing against .
If you think it is larger you need to return +1 , otherwise you return zero ( the objects are equal ) .
Let ’s have a look at an example :
```ruby class Sock include Comparable attr_reader : size def initialize size @size = size end
def <= >( another_sock ) if self.size < another_sock.size - 1 elsif self.size > another_sock.size 1 else 0 end end end```
Defining the spaceship method allows your object to use the whole suite of comparison methods ( == , > , < , >= , <= , and != ) e.g. :
```ruby sock1 = Sock.new ( 10 ) sock2 = Sock.new ( 11 ) sock3 = Sock.new ( 10 )
puts “ Are sock1 and sock3 equal ? # {sock1 == sock3} ” puts “ Are sock1 and sock2 NOT equal ?
# {sock1 != sock2} ” puts “ Is sock1 > sock3 ? #{sock1 > sock3} ” puts “ Is sock1 < sock2 ? # {sock1 < sock2} ” puts “ Is sock1 >= sock3 ? #{sock1 >= sock3} ” puts “ Is sock1 <= sock2 ?
#{sock1 <= sock2}” ```
Which produces :
Are sock1 and sock3 equal ?
true Are sock1 and sock2 NOT equal ?
true Is sock1 > sock3 ?
false
Is sock1 < sock2 ?
true
Is sock1 >= sock3 ?
true Is sock1 <= sock2 ?
true
If you ask me , this is a pretty decent amount of functionality to get out of defining just one method .
It is interesting to note that you can easily define all those comparison methods separately , instead of defining the spaceship , if you were so inclined .
Also , notice that you automatically get the == method by defining the spaceship , so you do n’t need to provide separate equality behavior for your object any more .
Although the Ruby built - in String class does define the == method separately from that provided by the < = > method , so you ’re still able to customize the behavior of comparison methods even if you ’ve already defined the < = > method .
Eql ? vs ==
I did say I would come back to this one :) .
As I mentioned in core Ruby classes the equal ?
method is used to to find out if two objects have the same object id ( are the same object ) .
The == is normally used to find out if two objects have the same value ( as you would expect ) .
The third method , _eql ?
is normally used to test if two object have the same value as well as the same type_ .
For example :
ruby puts " Does integer == to float : #{25 == 25.0} " puts " Does integer eql ? to float : #{25.eql ? 25.0 } "
This gives :
Does integer == to float : true Does integer eql ?
to float : false
You are of course welcome to reproduce similar behavior in your classes when you define your equality methods .
However it does seem a little redundant to me .
If you need two object to be equal then you will probably want them to be the same type in the first place ( the above example with integers and floats is the only exception I can think of ) , in which case you would make sure they were the same type even in the == method .
If you do n’t really care about type and just care about the behavior of the objects ( which is entirely possible considering Ruby ’s dynamic nature , with duck typing and all ) , then you probably would n’t test for type equality in either the == method or the eql ?
method .
Basically the eql ?
becomes redundant .
There is only one scenario that I can see where the eql ?
method might come in handy .
If you have to defined the < = > method , therefore giving your object an implicit == method , it may no longer make sense to redefine == separately ( although as I mentioned above , nothing stops you from doing so ) .
But if for some reason you need to keep the < = > equality behavior but still need even more custom equality behavior , you can always use the eql ?
method for this purpose .
I ca n’t really envisage a situation where you might want to do this , but the capability is certainly there .
This leaves the eql ?
method as a rather useless one .
From what I can see , it is defined and used by many of the core Ruby classes as well as the library classes so you need to be aware of it and know when it is likely to come into play .
However I can’t really see you ever needing to define it for your own classes given that you have equal ?
and == already .
I would welcome some discussion on this one .
If someone known of a good reason to have the eql ?
method around then I would love to hear about it .
As it stands , this is all you really need to know about equality and object comparison in Ruby .
More Ruby discussion is coming up , so do n’t forget to subscribe to my feed if you do n’t want to miss it .
Images by The Artifex and rstrawser
Computerworld recently reported that two vulnerabilities in Android have been patched by Google .
The issues dealt with how Android handled SMS messages as well as the API in Android ’s Dalvik virtual machine .
Left unpatched , an Android device was susceptible to temporary loss of connectivity , dropped calls , lost configuration information and phone reboots .
Researchers at the Open Source Computer Emergency Response Team ( oCERT ) disclosed the flaws found in Android 1.5 .
Android 1.6 ( donut ) included patches that address both issue .
Nice to know there is an organization like oCERT that looks for these things and an organization like Goole that quickly addresses them !
Super project for everything related to the Chromium Project at http://www.chromium.org
This is the umbrella project for all parts related the Chromium web browser .
HOW IT WORKS
プログラムの使 用
The same area is used both for creating notes and searching .
I.e. , in the process of entering the title for a new note , related notes appear below , letting users file information there if they choose .
Likewise , if a search reveals nothing , one need simply press return to create a note with the appropriate title .
If a note 's title starts with the search term (s ) , that title will be " auto - completed " .
This selects the note and consequently displays it .
Correspondingly , selecting a note places its title in the search area ( De-selecting the note restores the search terms ) .
To create a new note , just type its title and press return .
Edit the note as needed in the bottom pane .
, type one or more words contained in its body or title .
Reveal a note 's content by using the up / down arrow keys to select it .
To make good use of NV , try to maintain one detail / fact / item per note .
Notational Velocity 's strength , note - filtering , is diminished when only a few notes contain most of the content in the database .
Example ( note the brevity and specificity of the body ) :
Title :
How to cook with cornsalt
Body : Buy box of Arm & Hammer raw cornsalt .
Sprinkle on poultry before broiling .
Notational Velocity can search thousands of notes at once and works best when information is distributed .
User deleted
The woman went to an airplane hangar in Belgrade , Mont. , the other day , prepared to actually listen to President Obama talk about health care reform in America .
She has watched , the way the rest of us have watched , as the debate about health care has turned into a sideshow and in some cases even more of a freak show than Glenn Beck's .
Now she wanted to see for herself , along with more than 1,000 others , if it would happen this way in Montana .
This is what she said about the event when it was over :
" Yes , there were a few protesters en route .
But the Montanans who were excited to hear the President far outnumbered the fringe groups . "
Then she said this about Obama : " He was smart , fair , funny . "
So this was n't an occasion when people with legitimate concerns and legitimate points to make were overwhelmed by the wing nuts and screamers who take their marching orders from right - wing radio and television and the Internet .
Those idiots come to these town hall meetings more to be seen than heard , and think creating chaos makes them great Americans .
Those people have been convinced by the current culture that we are dying to hear from them , and the louder the better .
People who think that all they need to star in their own reality series is a couple of TV crews .
But then this is Twitter America now , where no thought is supposed to go unspoken .
We hear that all of this is democracy in action .
It 's not .
It 's boom - box democracy , people thinking that if they somehow make enough noise on this subject , they can make Obama into a one - term President .
The most violent opposition is n't directed at his ideas about health care reform .
It is directed at him .
It is about him .
They could n't make enough of a majority to beat the Harvard - educated black guy out of the White House , so they will beat him on an issue where they see him as being most vulnerable .
In the process , they 'll come after him on health care the way Kenneth Starr went after Bill Clinton on oral sex in the Oval Office .
With that kind of zealotry , screaming about government programs as if Medicare is n't one .
It is why so many of them , all these wild - eyed red faces in the crowd , look completely certifiable , screaming about how Obama wants to kill Grandma , as if he 's suddenly turned into Jack Kevorkian .
And by the way , if Sarah Palin is involved - Palin as uninformed as ever about these so - called " death panels " - the debate just got dumber , if that 's possible .
No kidding .
If foreign policy was a brain - buster for Palin , something as truly complex as health care will make her feel as dizzy as if she just rolled down a hill .
nydailynews
Bill O'Reilly recently invited a couple of pert blond Republican strategists to frighten
Fox viewers about Amsterdam 's lax pot laws , which have made the city a " mess , " and " cesspool of corruption . "
The video above was made by a citizen of Amsterdam who used real statistics about drug use in his city compared with drug use in the US .
A Cesspool Of Corruption , Crime ( Andrew Sullivan )
There is often tremendous inertia when someone wants to start exercising .
Procrastination is often the main culprit .
Hundreds of reasons suddenly appear that will seem more important than exercising .
All one has to do is to exercise until one crosses the threshold .
This is the point where the pain of not exercising is more than the pain of exercising .
Once you have crossed this threshold , exercise would have been firmly ingrained as a habit .
( Read “ When The Pain of Not Exercising is More Than The Pain of Exercising ” for more information )
Here are 9 steps that may help in getting you committed to exercise until it becomes second nature .
1 – Define Your Goal for Starting Exercise – Nothing could be more important than this first step .
Possible reasons could include wanting weight loss , enhancing health , building muscles , increasing endurance , increasing fitness or other possible reasons .
Once you have identified your goal , find out more information about exercises that will help you achieve that goal .
For instance , someone wanting to reduce blood pressure will benefit tremendously from jogging but jogging alone will not help someone build muscles .
Similarly , weight training may help someone build muscles but may not help another wanting to improve on stamina or endurance .
2 – Make an Investment – Making a financial commitment often helps keep you committed to exercise until the habit becomes deeply ingrained .
An investment could be as simple as buying a set of dumbbells , a new pair of jogging shoes or even buying a treadmill or a new gym membership .
The excitement of buying something and using it is often tremendous help in the early days of starting exercise when the inertia to begin , is the greatest .
3. Fix Exercise Time – You should fix your exercise time in advance .
Decide on how many exercise sessions you would like to do in a week .
3 exercise sessions a week should be a minimum .
Decide on the day of the week that you want to exercise .
I would recommend Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Off course it ultimately depends on your schedule .
Decide the exact time of the day that is allocated for your exercise sessions .
Would you exercise early in the morning or in the evening when you get back from work .
Once you have decided this , write it on a piece of paper and paste it on your refrigerator .
This is now carved in stone and you should do all you can to keep to this schedule .
4. Get an Exercise Buddy – Pick an exercise buddy that has similar goals as you .
Having an exercise buddy will keep both of you honest to yourselves .
When one is slacking , the other would probably be available to bring the slacker back on track .
You may not need to exercise together although exercising together would keep both parties even more accountable .
5. Exercise With your Exercise Buddy – Exercise or go to the gym with your exercise buddy .
You can have more than one exercise buddy .
This keeps a lot of people on track in the gyms .
It also subtly adds competition as everyone is trying to outdo each other .
6 . Get on a Structured Program – Most of the time people fall back on their exercise because they do not have a structured program to follow .
Most people go to the gym and fool around on a few machines and are really aimless .
One should decide what is the goal of the exercise initiative and have a plan drawn out for 4 to 8 weeks .
With a little research , one could find a credible exercise program on the internet .
7. Record Exercises Done – Keep a log of the exercises done .
Even the most experienced athletes do this .
It instills a sense of competition in one ’s self .
There is that drive to lift more weight or run further or run faster in the next session .
8. Do NOT Miss Your Exercise Sessions – One has to overcome tremendous inertia when starting on an exercise program .
It requires a lot of effort to build on the momentum .
Every exercise session missed , works against you .
As a rule , you should finish all exercises for the week before midnight on Sunday .
If you have missed your exercise sessions , you should make up for it even if it means that you have to do 2 exercise sessions in a day .
While this may not be optimal for your body , it is a good lesson for your brain and to ingrain the right habits .
It will teach your brain that there is no point in coming up with excuses to miss exercise as you will have to finish it one way or another before Sunday midnight .
9. Keep Away From Demotivators –
Be prepared to face friends and even relatives who would be uncomfortable with your need to exercise .
People who do not exercise will discourage you .
Often these people will be able to find a million excuses for you not to exercise .
Keep yourself focused .
Be upfront with them and tell them that its important for you and you will want to see it through until you achieve your goals .
This may even be good as making such a declaration will keep you honest to yourself .
If this does not succeed , as a last resort , keep away from these demotivators until you have the exercise habit firmly ingrained .
All images are courtesy of stock.
xchng
Tags : exercise , procrastination , overcoming procrastination , exercise inertia , goals , gym buddy , Suresh ’s Threshold , weight loss
Brain imaging shows playing Tetris leads to a thicker cortex and may also increase brain efficiency , according to research published in the open access journal BMC Research Notes .
A research team based in New Mexico is one of the first to investigate the effects of practice in the brain using two image techniques .
Researchers from Mind Research Network in Albuquerque used brain imaging and Tetris to investigate whether practice makes the brain efficient because it increases gray matter .
For 30 minutes a day over a three - month period , 26 adolescent girls played Tetris , a computer game requiring a combination of cognitive skills .
The girls completed both structural and functional MRI scans before and after the three - month practice period , as did girls in the control group who did not play Tetris .
A structural MRI was used to assess cortical thickness , and a functional MRI was used to assess efficient activity .
The girls who practiced showed greater brain efficiency , consistent with earlier studies .
Compared to controls , the girls that practiced also had a thicker cortex , but not in the same brain areas where efficiency occurred ( see image : http://www. biomedcentral .
com / graphics / email / images / tetris_brain. jpg ) .
The areas of the brain that showed relatively thicker cortex were the Brodmann Area ( BA ) 6 in the left frontal lobe and BA 22 and BA 38 in the left temporal lobe .
Scientists believe BA 6 plays a role in the planning of complex , coordinated movements .
BA 22 and BA 38 are believed to be the part of the brain active in multisensory integration -- or our brain 's coordination of visual , tactile , auditory , and internal physiological information .
Functional MRI ( fMRI ) showed greater efficiency after practice mostly in the right frontal and parietal lobes including BAs 32 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 46 and BA 40 .
These areas are associated with critical thinking , reasoning , and language and processing .
" One of the most surprising findings of brain research in the last five years was that juggling practice increased gray matter in the motor areas of the brain , " said Dr. Rex Jung , a co-investigator on the Tetris study and a clinical neuropsychologist .
" We did our Tetris study to see if mental practice increased cortical thickness , a sign of more gray matter .
If it did , it could be an explanation for why previous studies have shown that mental practice increases brain efficiency .
More gray matter in an area could mean that the area would not need to work as hard during Tetris play . "
" We were excited to see cortical thickness differences between the girls that practiced Tetris and those that did not , " said Dr. Richard Haier , a co-investigator in the study and lead author of a 1992 study that found practicing Tetris led to greater brain efficiency .
" But , it was surprising that these changes were not where we saw more efficiency .
How a thicker cortex and increased brain efficiency are related remains a mystery . "
The researchers hope to continue this work with larger , more diverse samples to investigate whether the brain changes we measured revert back when subjects stop playing Tetris .
Similarly , they are interested if the skills learned in Tetris , and the associated brain changes , transfer to other cognitive areas such as working memory , processing speed , or spatial reasoning .
###
Notes to Editors :
1. MRI assessment of cortical thickness and functional activity changes in adolescent girls following three months of practice on a visual - spatial task
Richard J Haier , Sherif Karama , Leonard Leyba and Rex E Jung
BMC Research Notes 2009 , 2:174
http://www. biomedcentral .
com / 1756-0500 / 2/ 174 / abstract
Article available at the journal website : http://www. biomedcentral .
com/ bmcresnotes /
Please name the journal in any story you write .
If you are writing for the web , please link to the article .
All articles are available free of charge , according to BioMed Central 's open access policy .
2. According to the researchers , Tetris was a useful tool for brain research as it requires many cognitive processes like attention , hand / eye co-ordination , memory and visual spatial problem solving all working together very quickly .
3 . The researchers chose to use adolescents in this study because it is more likely to see changes in developing brains .
Girls were chosen because boys tend to have considerably more computer game experience and , therefore , may not show detectable brain change after game practice .
All 26 girls in the study had limited computer game experience .
4. BMC Research Notes is an open access journal publishing scientifically sound research across all fields of biology and medicine , enabling authors to publish updates to previous research , software tools and databases , data sets , small - scale clinical studies , and reports of confirmatory or ' negative ' results .
Additionally the journal welcomes descriptions of incremental improvements to methods as well as short correspondence items and hypotheses .
5. BioMed Central ( http://www. biomedcentral. com/ ) is an STM ( Science , Technology and Medicine ) publisher which has pioneered the open access publishing model .
All peer - reviewed research articles published by BioMed Central are made immediately and freely accessible online , and are licensed to allow redistribution and reuse .
BioMed Central is part of Springer Science + Business Media , a leading global publisher in the STM sector .
6 . The Mind Research Network ( MRN ) is an independent 501 ( c ) 3 non-profit organization dedicated to advancing the diagnosis and treatment of mental illness and brain injury .
Headquartered in Albuquerque , New Mexico , MRN consists of an interdisciplinary association of scientists located at universities , national laboratories and research centers around the world and is focused on imaging technology and its emergence as an integral element of neuroscience investigation .
7. The Montreal Neurological Institute and Hospital ( MNI ) is an academic medical centre dedicated to neuroscience .
It fosters multidisciplinary teams of basic and clinical scientists that generate fundamental information about the nervous system and apply that knowledge to understanding and treating neurological diseases .
It has 11 research units closely integrated with clinical activities and is engaged in the full spectrum of contemporary neuroscience research and patient care .
( NaturalNews )
A diet high in walnuts may significantly decrease a person 's risk of breast cancer , according to a study conducted by researchers from the Marshall University School of Medicine and presented at a conference of the American Association for Cancer Research .
Researchers fed mice that had been genetically engineered to develop breast tumors either a normal diet , or the same diet supplemented with a daily dose of walnuts .
Typically , 100 percent of these mice would have developed breast tumors by the age of five months .
In the mice who had been fed walnuts , however , tumors did not develop for an extra three weeks .
In addition , mice in the walnut group had fewer tumors , fewer cancerous glands and their tumors were smaller .
Researcher Elaine Hardman noted that three weeks is a significant chunk of a mouse 's average six - month lifespan .
" Since most cancers develop when you 're older , if you could increase the time until the cancer develops even 15 percent , then that 's a considerable delay , and you might die from something else before the cancer ever showed up ! " she said .
A chemical analysis showed that omega - 3 fatty acids , antioxidants and phytosterols contained in walnuts all contributed to the mice 's tumor resistance .
"
The omega - 3 fatty acid , the phytosterols and antioxidants individually have been shown to prevent or delay cancers , " Hardman said .
" So if you add them all together , it looks like it may be really good .
"
In another study , Hardman found that feeding mice a diet enriched with the same omega - 3 content as that contained in the walnut dose given in the current study was not as effective as eating the whole walnut .
" It did reduce cancer incidents , " she said , " but not as dramatically as the walnut - containing diet did .
So it 's something else other than the omega - 3 in the walnut that 's contributing to the suppression of cancers .
" Hardman noted that the effect of the whole food was probably greater than the sum of its parts .
" With dietary interventions , you see multiple mechanisms when working with the whole food , " she said .
Sources for this story include : health.usnews.com ; www.voanews.com
New patented Continuing Current Dataset is the first to distinguish the most destructive types of lightning that are the most likely to cause fires and property damage .
For the first time , decision - makers have the information required to target — and mitigate the impact of — the lightning events most likely to cause extreme heat damage .
As President Obama traveled to Wall Street on Monday and chided bankers for their recklessness , across town a federal judge issued a far sharper rebuke , not just for some of the financiers but for their regulators in Washington as well .
Giving voice to the anger and frustration of many ordinary Americans , Judge Jed S. Rakoff issued a scathing ruling on one of the watershed moments of the financial crisis : the star - crossed takeover of Merrill Lynch by the now - struggling Bank of America .
Judge Rakoff refused to approve a $ 33 million deal that would have settled a lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission against the Bank of America .
The lawsuit alleged that the bank failed to adequately disclose the bonuses that were paid by Merrill before the merger , which was completed in January at regulators ’ behest as Merrill foundered .
He accused the S.E.C. of failing in its role as Wall Street ’s top cop by going too easy on one of the biggest banks it regulates .
And he accused executives of the Bank of America of failing to take responsibility for actions that blindsided its shareholders and the taxpayers who bailed out the bank at the height of the crisis .
The Flying Spaghetti Monster car emblem is a nice addition to my car .
I 've placed it right above my bumper sticker that says , " Dear Jesus , please protect me from your followers " .
Lily Allen 's anti-piracy rant has made her notorious among copyfighters , who have subjected her site and her words to close scrutiny , discovering that Allen 's website is chock - a- block with infringing scans of newspaper articles , infringing mix -tapes ( even the rant she posted was lifted from Techdirt ) .
Her all - caps responses ( " I THINK ITS QUITE OVIOUS THAT I WASNT TRYING TO PASS OF THOSE WORDS AS MY OWN , HERE IS A LINK TO THE WEBSIITE I ACQUIRED THE PIECE FROM . " ) are the kind of nutty , defensive shouty words that chum the water online .
It 's tempting to count coup here and write Allen off as a hypocrite , but there 's a more important story here .
Allen just has n't thought this through .
Copyright is problematic for everyone : musicians , fans , bloggers .
The absence of clear affirmative rights to make personal copies , to share with your friends , to copy for the purposes of discussion and commentary ( as opposed to the fuzzy and difficult - to - interpret fair use guidelines , which have been further confused by the entertainment industry 's bold attempts to convince us all that they do n't matter and can't be relied upon ) means that we 're all in a state of constant infringement .
A law that no one understands and no one abides by is no law at all .
Parts of copyright — the right to regulate how commercial licenses with industrial entities work — are really important to me and to all working artists .
But if we continue to try to expand copyright to cover everything , every interaction that involves a copy ( which is every interaction these days ) , then the broad consensus that copyright is nonsense will continue to grow , and we 'll lose the good stuff as well as the ridiculous stuff .
For the record , I am a small - time Lily Allen fan , and I bought her latest CD after hearing it for free , when a friend emailed me some tracks .
If Ms Allen would prefer , I can stop buying and listening to her music , given that I discovered it through " piracy . "
Also , this is not the only infringement on her blog .
While she 's trying to point out how much damage ' pirates ' do to the music industry she blatantly infringed the copyrights of a number of newspapers by posting scanned articles .
To make things even more absurd Techdirt discovered that Lily is pirating music herself by offering some unauthorized mixtapes ( tape 1 and tape 2 ) on her website LilyAllenMusic.com .
The tracklist of one of the mixtapes reveals a list of no less than 19 unauthorized tracks .
This means the RIAA can easily sue her for millions .
Lily Allen Pirates Music , Is Clueless About Copyright
The number of Americans taking antidepressants doubled to 10.1 percent of the population in 2005 compared with 1996 , increasing across income and age groups , a study found .
An estimated 27 million Americans ages 6 and older were taking the drugs by 2005 , while their use of psychotherapy declined , according to Columbia University researchers .
The findings highlight the need for doctors who are not psychiatrists and prescribe the medicines to be trained to diagnose and manage depression so patients get the most effective treatment , said the study ’s lead author , Mark Olfson , a professor of clinical psychiatry at Columbia University and New York State Psychiatric Institute .
Error codes or Exceptions ?
Why is Reliable Software so Hard ?
Error codes or exceptions ?
Like static vs. dynamic programming languages or how great David Hasselhoff is ( most people say great , I say super - great ) , it tends to turn into a pointless argument ( " Hasselhoff is super - great ASSHOLE ! " ) .
Very little software really gets error handling right .
Even many critical , backend server systems tend to break under heavy loads .
And the vast majority of end - user applications handle errors gracefully only for the most well understood , commonly encountered conditions ( e.g. HTTP timeout ) , but very poorly for most other conditions ( failed allocations , bad data , I / O errors , missing files , etc ) .
When these sorts of errors occur , bad things happen .
Bad bad things .
Like when my web browser crashes , taking one half - composed email and 8 open web pages with it .
Why did a single flaw cause so much damage ?
I use Firefox and it's pretty reliable compared to most applications .
It 's engineered impressively , with logical program layers well separated and a great deal of the application logic is written in JavaScript , a high - level " safe " programming language .
But occasionally it still just crashes or locks up .
Why is this ?
Because it 's using error codes when it should be using exceptions , and exceptions when it should be using error codes ?
And why should a single flaw in the software cause the world to explode ?
Is the only way we can have reliable software is by having perfect software ?
I argue that it's not the " handling " part that 's hard , few errors are things we can even respond to .
How do we " handle " the inability to allocate memory ?
We can't fix those errors , we just hope they do n't make us crash or lock up .
And yet so often it does , a single error causes us to lose everything .
The problem is deeper than how we communicate errors in our languages , it 's really everything we 've done leading up to the error that 's the problem .
I 'll describe the three styles of error handling , and why one of those styles is usually wrong and the problem is more fundamental than error handling .
" Get the Hell Out of Dodge " Error Handling
This is the most simple case of error handling :
When a step in some action fails , all the subsequent steps in that action are simply NOT executed .
This is where exceptions shine because the application code need not worry about checking for errors after each step ; once the exception is thrown ( either directly or by a called routine ) , the routine exits automatically .
And its caller will have a chance to catch it or do nothing and let the exception bubble up to its caller , etc on up the call stack .
void DoIt ( ) { //
An exception in Foo means // Bar does n't get called Thing thing = Foo( ) ; Bar ( thing ) ; } Thing Foo( ) { if ( JupiterInLineWithPluto ) { throw new PlanetAlignmentException ( ) ; } return new Thing ( ) ; }
A second , slightly more advanced case of this error handling is when , like in the first error case you want to halt execution of the current code , but before you do you need to free any resources previously allocated .
This is different than the " just stop executing the action " case , because we actually need to do some additional work in the presence of the error .
In C , this most often this means freeing up allocated memory .
In garbage collected languages like Java , this it's more typically closing opened files or sockets ( although they will eventually get closed by the garbage collector regardless ) .
In this style of error handling , you are simply returning resources you 've acquired , be it memory , file handles , locks , etc .
Most programming languages offer simple ways to deal with this : Java has " finally " blocks , C# has " using " blocks , C++ has stack based variables and the RAII idiom .
Here 's an example of a " finally " block in Java :
void DoIt ( ) {
Thing thing = Foo( ) ; thing .
CreateTempFiles ( ) ; try { Bar ( thing ) ; Baz ( thing ) ; } finally { //
This gets called regardless // of exceptions in Bar and Baz. thing .
DeleteTempFiles ( ) ; } }
To generalize the description of this type of error handling , you are returning the software back to the default state .
Whatever intermediate state your code was in is now lost forever .
Stack frames are popped , memory freed , resources recovered , etc .
And that 's okay because you want those things to go away and start fresh .
This is easy and simple error handling , as easy as turning around and leaving town .
And you 'll leave town if you know what 's good for you .
Got that partner ?
" Plan B " Error Handling
This type of error handling is for error conditions that are known and understood and there is an action the code should take in the situation .
This differs from other error handling as these errors are n't " exceptional " , they are expected and we have alternate paths to take , we do n't just go home and pretend like it never happened .
One example might be attempting to deliver a SMTP mail message and the connection times out .
The error handling in that case may be to look in the MX record for a backup host , or put aside the mail message for later delivery .
( I 'm sure it 's way more complicated than that , humor me )
With this type of error handling , status codes are easier to deal with syntactically and logically : " if " and " switch " statements are more compact and natural than " try / catch " for most logic flow .
Error codes :
if ( DeliverMessage ( msg , primaryHost ) == FAILED ) { if ( DeliverMessage ( msg , secondaryHost ) == FAILED ) { PutInFailedDeliveryQueue( msg ) ; } }
Exceptions :
try { DeliverMessage ( msg , primaryHost ) ; } catch ( FailedDeliveryException e ) { try { DeliverMessage ( msg , secondaryHost ) ; } catch ( FailedDeliveryException e2 ) { PutInFailedDeliveryQueue( msg ) ; } }
But regardless if you use error codes or exceptions , Plan B error handling is n't particularly difficult .
The error conditions and scenarios are understood and your code has actions to deal with those scenarios .
If you use status codes here , this type of error handling is as natural as regular application code .
And that 's the way it should be , it should be just like adding any other branching logic .
Exceptions are n't as useful here , because in this case they are n't " exceptional " and the code to handle common conditions becomes much more convoluted .
" Reverse the Flow of Time " Error Handling
The third , and truly nastiest case of error handling , is when you must " undo " any state changes your program has made leading up to the error condition .
This is where things can get real complicated real quick , you are n't just freeing resources like before , you are backing up in time to a previous program state .
The analogy of putting the toothpaste back in the tube seems appropriate , but that 's a piece of cake comparatively .
In this case you 're actually trying to un - brush the crud back onto your teeth , and each piece of crud should go right back where it was originally .
And how do you do that ?
How do you put back state you 've changed ?
Do keep a copy of every variable and property change so you can put it back ?
Where do you keep it ?
What if the change is down in some deeply nested composite object ?
What if another thread or some other code already sees the state change and acted on it ?
What happens if another error happens while putting stuff back ?
This is the hard stuff .
This is the stuff where the error handling easily becomes as complex as the application logic , and sometimes to do it right it has to be even more complex .
So what can we do ?
What techniques or secrets can we use to make this error handling easier ?
If only we had something that reversed the actual flow of time , that could do the trick .
Or maybe we should n't be trying to figure out an easier way to do this type of error handling , but rather avoiding the need for it altogether .
Why is this style of error handling necessary ?
Is it our actions leading up to the error ?
And what could we have done differently ?
To understand a little better what 's going on here , I 'll use the analogy of building a deck .
Building a Deck
Let 's say you want to build a deck onto your house .
You foresee a grand deck on a beautiful summer day , you 're sipping lemonade and eating pie and playing Battleship !
with friends .
So you get the permits , you buy the materials , you dig , you saw , you hammer , you drill .
( Anyone tell you how much you look like Bob Vila ? )
Then a few days into it a building inspector shows up and asks to see your permits .
You dutifully retrieve them and give them to the inspector .
Uh - oh , there 's a problem , you did n't apply for a county building permit , you only got the permits from the city .
That 's too bad , the inspector says , because then you might have known the placement of the deck is out of line with Jupiter on the autumn sky , it 's clearly in a violation of the county building code regulation number 109.8723.b17 section 4 paragraph 2 .
So sorry , you can not continue building this deck .
How could you 've have known ?
You thought you planned for everything you could think of , but here , halfway into building your deck , there is a problem you did n't foresee .
You can't believe how bad it 's going to suck to not have that deck , you 're devastated , you already bought Electronic Battleship !
Deluxe and everything .
But that 's not the half of your problems .
Not even close .
The worst part by far is that your home is in a completely wrecked state , you 've dug up the yard , tore off a bunch of siding and trim and there 's a big door - shaped hole in the side of your house into your living room .
Putting all these things back the way they were is going to be just as hard , if not harder , than pushing forward .
In short , you 're fucked .
So you patch up the door - shaped hole , you nail back up the siding and you pick up your tools and building materials .
Later you start out digging up the concrete posts , and it 's hard heavy work .
After while you stop trying so hard ; other matters are more pressing .
And who cares if the new wall is unpainted or all the posts are n't dug up right away ?
Most of the building materials you bought are salvageable , and Home Depot is forgiving with their return policy , so you figure no big deal , you have plenty of resources to go around , you 'll recover those later .
But you forgot to nail back up a board near the sill , and now a family of chipmunks has taken residence in your walls .
You hear the scurrying noises sometimes , but you 're never quite sure what it is or how it got there , but clearly something is , uh , squirrelly .
This is the real world , where things get screwed up in a big way because of the unexpected , the unknown , and going back is just as hard as going forward .
We can't escape this in the real world , building a deck always has the possibility of being a huge disaster .
But what if the real world worked differently ?
What if it could all be completely undone when things go wrong ?
The Miracle Deck
What if Home Depot sold a do - it - yourself deck kit that had an installation " undo " feature ?
At any point during the decks installation , if something went wrong during installation , the whole thing could be undone and it's like no one ever touched your house .
You 'd just press a button , and the whole deck and everything zips itself up and drives back to the store and your charge card is refunded , all automatically .
Even if it's at the very end of the installation , if you did n't like the way it looked ( " it makes my house look fat " ) , just press the button and back to the store it goes .
And the cool thing is , even if you hit a power line while digging the footers , you could just press a button and all damage is undone .
This product , once installed , is no better than conventional decks .
The wood , nails and screws are the same color and quality , the foundation is dug just as deep and cement just as strong .
The only difference is during installation , the miracle deck can be undone at any time .
If such a deck product really existed , there could be no serious problems when trying to install a deck , because if anything goes wrong the house is kept in the exact condition as if nothing ever happened .
This product might not actually install any more successfully than the old product , but when things go wrong you wo n't end up with chipmunks in your wall and a garage filled with unreturned Home Depot supplies .
The real world can't work that way , but the programming world can .
Object Oriented Programming : Works Just Like the Real World .
Dammit !
One of the great things about Object Oriented Programming is it is a very natural , intuitive way to model software .
Things in the real world behave in many ways like the objects we use in programming .
The objects in the real world contain other objects , they have interchangeable interfaces , they hide their internal workings , they change over time and take on new state .
Of course , there are many ways the world is n't like OO programming too , but I wo n't go into that here .
So here we have programming constructs that act and work much like things in the real world act and work .
Great , OO makes it easier to write programs that work like the real world , but does OO make it easier to write programs that are useful and reliable ?
I remember a crummy movie with Michael Douglas and Demi Moore where Demi was the bad guy .
I do n't remember much about it except that for some reason the movie -- with no relevance to the plot other than they worked in a tech company -- included a virtual reality sequence that was suppose to showcase a brilliant advance in data retrieval UI .
The system worked by immersing you into a virtual reality representation of a library .
Then , you could walk around the library to find the information you need .
You 'd navigate by following categorized signs , and then further narrowed categories until you found the virtual bookshelf with the virtual book of information you 're looking for .
That 's supposed to be a huge advance in data retrieval , it made finding information as simple as going to the library .
Here 's the problem :
What 's the very first thing you do when you want to find a book in a real library ?
You walk over to a computer and use the digital card catalog system .
Sometimes you do n't want things that work like the real world , sometimes you want things that work like computers .
Similarly , our object oriented languages are modeling reality too closely .
I 'm sure it 's a slam dunk when actually modeling real world objects , but just how often are we as programmers doing that ?
OOP 's strength also ties us to many of the inherent problems we have with real objects .
Why are we limiting ourselves this way ?
OO is the problem ?
No , OO is NOT the problem , not at its core .
It 's just that all popular OO languages have the same problem .
The problem is more fundamental than what OO brings to the party , it 's a problem that exists in nearly every popular programming language , OO or not .
The problem is variable mutation , the problem of complex state change and how to manage what happens when we can no longer go forward .
It 's the same problem of building a deck .
Another term for variable mutation is " destructive update " , because when you change the state of a variable , you are destroying the previous state .
In every popular language , the updating of a variable means the previous state of that variable is destroyed , vanished , gone and you can't get it back .
And that 's kind of a problem , your code is doing the equivalent of tearing your house apart in order to achieve an action , but if it fails it wo n't have achieved its objective and your house is in ruins .
Ouch Ouch Ouch .
What we need in languages and tools is the ability to easily isolate our changes for when the shit hits the fan , so that incomplete changes are n't seen ( all or nothing ) .
And we can not be in denial that the shit can hit the fan at any time .
We need to make it easy to detect when things do wrong , and make it simple to do the right thing once that happens .
PHP to the Rescue !
PHP ?
Expecting someone else ?
Believe it or not we already have it , in rudimentary form , in PHP .
Yup , good old , stupid - simple PHP .
On a webserver , PHP scripts have no shared state , so each instance of a PHP script runs in its own logical memory space .
The scripts maintain no persisted state , so each script start off fresh as a daisy , blissfully unaware of what happened the previous times it was executed .
The only shared state in PHP exists at the database level ( or file level , but do n't go there ) , and if you commit all changes in a single transaction , you 've basically solved the deck building problem .
Your code might not be better about successfully completing its update , but failure is isolated , all the actions leading up to a failure are forgotten about and it can't cause further problems or inconsistencies in the application .
But PHP as a language has nothing special about it that gives it these properties , rather its how it 's being used .
Any language , Java/C++/VB/Ruby/Python , coupled with a transactional database also has the same ability if it's used in a manner like PHP is used : each invocation is started from scratch with no shared state and no memory of previous invocations .
However , all these languages begin to have issues once they start modifying persisted , in - memory program state .
Once again , it 's the deck building problem .
As some multi-step action is getting carried out , if one step fails , then any modifications in the previous steps must be undone , or like your deck project , the program may be left in a shambles .
Databases have transaction support , but our languages do not .
Pretty much any application that keeps state in memory has to worry about this : everything from highly concurrent application servers down to single user GUI applications .
So , how can we solve this problem more generally ?
Do n't Undo Your Actions , Just Forget
Them
There are strategies to avoid the intermediate destructive updates that cause problems , but unfortunately none of the popular languages provide direct support , so it feels hacky .
And it is .
But just say they 're design patterns and you wo n't feel so bad about it .
The key to these strategies is to minimize destructive updates , so that any actions we take need not be undone , but simply forgotten .
By doing this , we turn the super difficult " Reverse the Flow of Time " error handling into the super easy " Get the Hell out of Dodge " error handling .
Make a Copy of Everything Up Front
The first technique is low - tech and easy to understand , but expensive computationally and resource - wise .
Before the code does anything , make a deep copy all the objects you might modify , then have the action modify the copies .
Once all those modifications are completed , swap out the old objects with the new at the very end .
If an error happens during the action , the copied objects are simply forgotten about and garbaged collected later .
And you need not change the way the object methods work , the bulk of the application code remains unchanged .
Easy as pie ... a very expensive , memory intensive pie .
But simple and easy nonetheless .
Immutable Objects
The second way to avoid destructive updates is to make your objects immutable .
An immutable object is one that , once created , can not be changed .
Lord knows , it can't change .
Java strings work this way .
No methods of the String class ever modifies an existing string object , they instead create a brand new string object that 's the result of the operation , and the caller will at that point have two distinct strings , a pre-action string and a post-action string .
In practice this works very well and easily for strings object .
But strings are simple datatypes , they are n't composite like most of our application objects ( they only contain a char array ) .
Unfortunately , most popular languages do n't directly support this style of development .
C++ has the " const " modifier , which enables static enforcement of immutable objects , but that only tells us when we are doing it wrong ( attempting to modify const objects ) , it does n't make it any easier to actually achieve this style of programming , which is difficult when working with deeply composite objects .
None of the popular languages offer much support this style of programming , there is no syntactic sugar or other features to make it less awkward .
Consider this example of object composition .
We have a house .
That house contains a bathroom , that bathroom contains a toilet , and so on .
When we want to clean the house , we call down through objects , cleaning each sub object .
First take a look at a classic , mutable - object implementation :
void DoIt ( House house ) { ... house .
Clean ( ) ; ... } class House { Bathroom bathroom ; Bathroom bedroom ; ... void Clean ( ) { bathroom .
Clean ( ) ; bedroom .
Clean ( ) ; ... } } class Bathroom { Toilet toilet ; Mirror mirror ; ... void Clean ( ) { toilet .
Flush ( ) ; mirror .
Clean ( ) ; ... } } class Toilet { int poops ; ... void Flush ( ) { poops = 0 ; } }
Here is an " immutable " version of the above code :
void DoIt ( House house ) { ... house = house .
Clean ( ) ; ... } class House { Bathroom bathroom ; Bedroom bedroom ; ... House Clean ( ) { // make a new copy of the house // with the cleaned contents house = new House ; house .
bathroom = bathroom .
Clean ( ) ; house .
bedroom = bedroom .
Clean ( ) ; ... return house ; } } class Bathroom { Toilet toilet ; Mirror mirror ; .. Bathroom Clean ( ) { // make a new copy of the bathroom // with the cleaned contents bathroom = new Bathroom ; bathroom .
toilet = toilet .
Flush ( ) ; bathroom.mirror = mirror .
Clean ( ) ; ... return bathroom ; } } class Toilet { int poops ; Toilet Flush ( ) { // make a new copy of the toilet // with no poop Toilet toilet = new Toilet ; toilet.poops = 0 ; return toilet ; } }
Clearly the immutable version is longer and more complex , and it only gets worse if you also want to have a second return value .
However , the immutable version is a more robust version : if any cleaning operation fails then the house wo n't wind up in a half - cleaned state .
Being in a half - cleaned state might seem harmless enough , but it can cause surprisingly serious problems .
If , for example , part of cleaning the house meant moving all the furniture into the lawn so the floors could be polished , you would have big problems if the cleaners suddenly left .
And they 're calling for rain .
And migrating seagulls .
Keep Object Mutation to a Single Operation
Another strategy that is helpful in certain circumstances is to keep existing object mutation down to one operation .
This strategy is to do as much work in isolation as possible , then apply those changes in a single operation .
This is also known as an atomic update .
Not atomic like an atomic bomb , but atomic like a tiny atom , as in can't get any smaller .
( photo of actual atom )
An example might be if you have GUI application , and your code wants to add a dockable tool bar to the UI window .
One approach is to add an empty tool bar to the UI , then add each individual button to the bar .
This is bad because now you are mutating the UI program state for each button added , and if one tool bar button fails to be added , then the user gets a wacked - out , partially constructed bar .
You could put out an eye like that .
Not to mention each time you add a button , you may be kicking off all sorts of ripple mutations as layout managers do work , increasing the chances of something going haywire .
Instead , the better strategy is to build the tool bar in isolation .
Once the bar is completely constructed with all buttons , then add it to the UI in a single operation .
This way you minimize the mutation to the existing objects ( the top level window ) , instead we are only mutating our new object during its multi-step construction .
If we fail to construct it fully , we can just forget about it and let the garbage collection get it .
So you fully construct the bar and then add it to the window in one operation .
Unfortunately , adding the toolbar bar to the window may not truly be an atomic operation down deep , but from your perspective it is , since you can't make the mutation operation any smaller .
You may not have completely eliminated the chance of things going into a bad state , but you 've minimized it as far as you can .
Plus people will be totally impressed you 're using atomic powered code .
Use a Functional Language
Functional languages get immutability and state change right ( they 'd better , it 's a key attribute of functional programming ) .
Unfortunately , I do n't know of any functional language I 'd call popular .
I think it 's because they all have dumb names like LISP and Haskell .
Why pthat 's a lovely monad you 're wearing , Mrsh .
Cleather .
Erlang , which started me thinking about these issues , is a functional programming language that gets reliability right in a simple and elegant way that I think is fairly easy for an experienced OO programmer to pick up .
You do n't even have to learn about monads , but you damn sure need to understand recursion .
Erlang is dynamic and somewhat " scripty " , making the development process more incremental and approachable .
It also has a hideous syntax .
But Erlang is marvelously beautiful in the way it meshes the concepts of immutability , messaging , pattern matching , processes and process hierarchy to create a language and runtime where extreme concurrency and reliability means adhering to a few simple design principles .
The point
No , this article was n't really about error codes vs. exceptions .
Sorry but the truth is , there is no one best way to communicate error conditions .
" It depends " is the only honest answer .
Unfortunately the designers of APIs have to decide ahead of time how the callers will be signaled of errors , while the caller -- who knows best how the errors should be communicated and managed -- is n't given a choice .
The much bigger problem in software reliability is not how we communicate errors , it 's the state we are in when the error happens .
So often the errors are things we can't really do anything about , we can't force the network connection to work , or somehow create more disk space or memory if we run out .
But we can see to it that we do n't do the programmatic equivalent of half - destroying our house in the process of building a deck .
Attempts to " Reverse the Flow of Time " in code are bad .
Avoid mutations ( destructive updates ) and use " Get the Hell out of Dodge " error handling whenever possible .
Posted April 27 , 2006 2:20 PM
