MADRID , Spain ( AFP ) -- Spanish lawmakers
Thursday approved a bill to legalise abortion , overriding a wall of protest from the Roman Catholic Church and the conservative opposition .
Tabled by the Socialist government , the abortion reform won backing from 184 deputies in Spain 's 350 - seat lower chamber .
It will now go to the upper - house Senate before returning to parliament for final approval .
Under the new law , abortions would be allowed on demand up to the 14th week of pregnancy and up to 22 weeks if there is a risk to the mother 's health or if the foetus has serious problems , in line with most of Spain 's European Union partners .
Under current legislation , Spain permits abortion only in cases of rape , foetal malformation or when a pregnant woman 's mental or physical health is deemed to be at risk if the pregnancy goes to term .
The last argument is used for the great majority of abortions carried out in Spain .
Championed by the government of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , the reform has been fiercely opposed by the powerful Catholic Church as well as the right wing opposition Popular Party .
The head of Spain 's conference of bishops warned in the run-up to the vote that abortion was a crime and that lawmakers who backed the reform would be committing a sin .
The ruling Socialists agreed on Thursday to drop the most controversial of the reform measures , which would have allowed girls of 16 to end a pregnancy without parental consent .
Under the amended text , young girls would have to inform their families of a decision to abort , except if they face " a clear risk of family violence , threats , pressure or mistreatment . "
Socialist lawmakers were joined in backing the text by the centre - right Basque nationalist group in parliament as well as several Catalan and Galician nationalists .
Spin is the political language of Washington , but I have never encountered such conflicting currents of hype as those that have swirled around the globe since the gavel fell on the Copenhagen climate summit .
Depending on whether you live in Beijing , Berlin or Boston the assessment ranges from catastrophe to success to somewhere in between .
But what lies ahead ?
First let us take stock .
In important ways the Copenhagen accord signals significant and promising changes in the world 's approach to global warming under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , not just in what it says , but also in how it was negotiated .
The dramatic story of a last - minute agreement fashioned in a meeting among the leaders of the " Copenhagen 5 " , Brazil , China , India , South Africa , and the United States reveals a profound change in global politics .
One in which , for the first time , the rapidly developing giants of Asia , Africa , and Latin America emerged as key to the solution .
The ad hoc leadership by the so - called Copenhagen 5 ( C - 5 ) , representing 45 % of the world 's population and 44 % of global greenhouse gas emissions , constitutes a new and potentially historic alliance , a symbol , perhaps , of a new world order .
The Copenhagen accord signals other changes as well .
It sets a goal of limiting global warming to 2C , and was accompanied by a requirement for explicit , quantitative pollution reduction commitments across the world .
The key obstacle that was overcome in the C - 5 negotiations was the United States ' insistence that all parties agree to verification of fulfillment of their carbon - cutting commitments .
When the major developing economies agreed to a form of verification , they set in motion a process can be the basis for building the trust necessary ultimately to strengthen the accord .
Finally , the fact that the accord was negotiated by heads of state , and the way it became the Copenhagen accord , may be a significant step toward overcoming a dysfunctional negotiation process which requires that decisions be reached by consensus among all 190 + parties to the UNFCCC .
Despite opposition from a small minority of countries , heads of state found a way to move the accord ahead without unanimity .
By doing so they demonstrated their seriousness and exerted the capacity of the majority of nations to move forward when they agree .
However , unlike the Kyoto protocol , the accord is not legally binding , and provides neither rules to structure international carbon markets , nor means to enforce compliance .
This creates daunting uncertainties about how nations and markets will interact over greenhouse gas reductions .
Europe , which was not part of the C - 5 meeting from which the accord emerged , but endorsed it almost immediately , faces important decisions .
First , what is the future role of the KP ?
Will Europe pursue two paths , both a second commitment period under the KP , and participation in the accord ?
Second , will Europe which has led the world toward collective action on climate , put aside disappointment about how the Copenhagen process played out , and seize the lead in creating a process to implement the accord ?
The next few months will offer strong indicators of whether nations whose heads of state endorsed the accord will treat it as binding .
Various signposts will suggest which way the road is heading .
The first deadline to watch for is January 31 .
By then , developed countries must register national commitments — and developing countries national plans of action — to reduce greenhouse gases .
Major defections at this point would doom the accord , but early indications are that countries that offered commitments coming into Copenhagen will register them .
A second key indicator that the accord has legs will be how fast and effectively key countries seek to implement its terms .
It remains unclear who " owns " the Copenhagen accord , who staffs its implementation and even who has the authority to convene the next meeting to keep the process going .
Will negotiations around the accord 's implementation be included in the next UNFCCC meeting in late May , or does it require an entirely separate process ?
The accord includes promises of adaptation assistance , a green climate fund , and forest protection and technology " mechanisms " .
The question of who moves the process forward needs to be resolved in the next few months .
China has already invited the other emerging countries behind the accord , India , Brazil and South Africa , to meet this month to devise a united front on a way forward .
Will Europe take the initiative to define a workable process ?
There will be two more important signposts during 2010 , from the two largest emitters .
China will launch its 12th five - year plan , and much will ride on the strength of the measures they include to improve energy efficiency , and develop low - carbon sources of energy .
Already since Copenhagen they have adopted new measures requiring electric utilities to purchase wind and solar energy .
Similarly , the US Congress will decide whether to complete action on legislation to reduce US emissions , as a bi-partisan trio of Senators — John Kerry , Lindsey Graham and Joe Lieberman — strive to find an acceptable compromise bill that addresses both climate and energy security .
One last hope .
Because the accord may reflect a reordering of global political dynamics it may make possible a profoundly important shift in which action on climate change is no longer seen as a threat , but rather the key , to development and the future of poverty eradication is recognised as low carbon development .
That would be an historic achievement .
• Jonathan Lash is president of the World Resources Institute ( WRI )
By a 3 - 2 vote , the CPSC has confirmed that the absurd and inflexible Consumer Product Safety Improvement
Act bans the sale of children ’s products which contain components of conventional ( leaded ) brass .
The vote drew dissents from commissioners Anne Northup ( statement ) and Nancy Nord ( official comments , PDF ; further statement at her blog ) .
From the latter :
… The Commission has now very clearly determined that we do not have the flexibility under the law to make common sense decisions with respect to lead .
… I am especially concerned about what this decision means for our schools , where brass is found on desk hinges , coat hooks , locker pulls and many other items .
Are schools now going to be forced to remove all brass and if so , who will bear this financial burden ?
… brass is found throughout a home and removing it from toys does little in terms of removing it from a child ’s environment .
If brass were really harmful to children , we would be taking action to remove it from the home but no one is suggesting that there is a safety issue that needs to be addressed in this way .
So much for a post - SOTU bounce .
A new Marist poll of registered voters nationwide puts Barack Obama ’s approval at just 44 % , the same as the Rasmussen tracking poll this weekend .
The numbers among independents will really rattle the White House ( via Geoff A ) :
Fewer registered voters nationwide — 44 % — currently approve of President Barack Obama ’s job performance than disapprove — 47 % .
When Marist last asked about the president ’s approval rating in December , 46 % thought well of Obama ’s job performance while 44 % gave him low marks .
Perhaps , particularly concerning for Mr. Obama is the drop in support among Independents .
For the first time since taking office , a majority of Independents — 57 % — disapproves of how he is doing in the role .
29 % approve , and 14 % are unsure . …
“ If attracting Independents and bipartisanship are the aim , then the president clearly has a lot of ground to cover in year two , ” says Dr. Lee M. Miringoff , Director of The Marist Institute for Public Opinion .
The news gets worse from there .
The number of Democrats who believe that Obama is changing the country for the better remains relatively high , but dropped from 76 % just two months ago to 69 % now .
But among independents , that number has flipped .
Two months ago , they split at 36 % , but now almost a majority ( 45 % ) believe he ’s changing the country for the worse , while only 26 % believe the opposite .
Obama ca n’t rely on personal favorability for much longer , either .
Consistently across all pollsters , Obama generally has solid majorities of people that personally like him .
Not any longer ; among all Marist respondents , that number is down to 50 % , losing five points since December .
A majority of independents ( 52 % ) hold an unfavorable view of Obama personally , up nine points in two months .
The upcoming midterms will definitely be a problem for Obama and the Democrats .
Already , a majority of respondents see the elections as a referendum either on Obama himself or Democratic leadership in Congress ( 54 % combined ) , while only 18 % want to send a message to the GOP .
That impulse is as strong with independents ( 61 % ) as it is with Republicans ( 62 % ) , and almost as strong among Democrats ( 48 % ) .
This spells disaster in the midterms for Democrats .
Of late , their efforts have gone into casting Republicans as the villains that kept the Democratic agenda from being seen as properly benign , but that campaign has been ongoing for the last two months and has had no lifting effect .
They had better reconsider that agenda instead .
About
Hello world my name is Duck the Cat .
I created catroulette and now I tumbl photos of myself too .
duckthecat on twitter
by Claudio Testa
Socialismo o Barbarie
Although UN troops have been occupying the country for six years , the USA has decided to engage in a second invasion of its own , without even going through the farce of “ consulting ” previous occupiers .
In 2004 a joint US - Canadian - French military intervention , under the pretext of “ maintaining order ” , brought down president Jean - Bertrand Aristide , leader of the national - populist Fanmi Lavalas .
Then , as is customary , the blessed UN entered , to legitimise the imperialist assault .
The Security Council voted for the creation of MINUSTAH ( from the French , Mission des Nations Unies pour la Stabilisation en Haiti ) .
That time , both to avoid continent - wide and international protests , as well as to free up more US troops for Iraq and Afghanistan , the UN voted that the dirty work should be performed principally by Latin American troops .
The “ progressive ” Brazilian president Lula pushed to the front of the queue , followed by his friend in Argentina , the “ national and popular ” Néstor Kirchner .
Thus MINUSTAH , commanded by Brazil and with the participation of troops from Argentina and other “ progressive ” governments like those of Uruguay , Paraguay , Bolivia and Ecuador , defending the colonial occupation of Haiti .
MINUSTAH also had troops from France and a smaller number from the USA .
Since then , under its protection , have followed a series of puppet governments reporting direct to the US embassy in Port - au - Prince .
But now US imperialism appears to have decided to cast aside its MINUSTAH subalterns , without even bothering to tell them about it .
First , it sent troops which took control of the airport at gunpoint .
Then the marines invaded by air and sea .
As to ensure there was no doubt as to what they were doing in Haiti , the White House announced that its troops were not coming to carry out “ humanitarian tasks ” , but “ to guarantee security ” .
So brutal was it that France ( which continues to see Haiti like a colony ) , Brazil ( which commanded MINUSTAH ) and the European Union expressed their outrage .
The USA , after taking control of the airport , closed it to non-US planes .
From that point no plane , not even those of Brazil , France and other MINUSTAH countries , could operate without US military permission .
France worried that the Port - au - Prince airport had been converted into “ an annexe of the United States ” .
Brazil , whose 1700 troops lead the UN contingent , declared that it would not cede its mandate to any other country .
But it was not up to them .
Ultimately Lula and Sarkozy walked away with their tails between their legs .
Washington ’s reply , beneath some diplomatic pleasantries , was a sharp ‘ no ’ : it would continue doing as it saw fit .
After the coup d’état in Honduras and the establishment of seven military bases in Colombia , the direct military occupation of Haiti by the USA shows clearly the imperialist intervention in Latin America .
“ Security ” for who ?
The USA ’s direct military intervention to “ maintain order ” has several causes .
First is the geopolitical reason : that US imperialism considers the Caribbean as a kind of lake or interior sea of the USA , and it has rights over everything within .
This is , for example , one of the main reason why no US government has managed to reach a modus vivendi with Cuba , given its intolerable degree of independence .
Within the Caribbean , Haiti has always been considered and treated by the USA like a colonial protectorate under its ownership , even if France has shown slave - holder attitudes for longer than the White House .
Victim of a US military occupation from 1915 to 1934 , the majority of its governments since have been bloody dictatorships backed by Washington , such as those of “ Papa Doc ” Duvalier and his son “ Baby Doc ” , lasting from 1957 to 1986 .
So it is not strange that the White House ’s reflex has been to send in the marines .
This impulse reaction has also been particularly strengthened by the politico - social situation before and after the earthquake .
The truth is that the “ government ” of René Preval – a former collaborator of Aristide and ex-leader of Fanmi Lavalas , today totally sold out to US imperialism – practically disappeared with the quake .
Not only did it bring down the presidential palace , but the government itself .
One correspondent described this situation aptly : “ The government , which in the first few days met in the open air , has now practically disappeared and the power vacuum created in the country is more than obvious .
Indeed , may believe that with the massive influx of troops , it will be the USA who holds the reins . ”
But this “ power vacuum ” created by the quake and Preval ’s absolute inability to deal with the situation , comes dangerously soon after the significant rise in workers ’ , students ’ and peasants ’ protests against occupation and the puppet government in 2009 .
Indeed , one of the motives behind the invasion of Haiti is to “ guarantee security ” so that this “ power vacuum ” does not end up being filled by an alternative , independent of imperialism .
Oh Hiro .
Right from one wreck to another .
He ca n’t win !
I stopped watching Heroes last year , but a friend of mine described a recent Heroes episode where Hiro goes on trial for his crimes against time .
I know it was just a dream or something , it had to be , but it seriously sounded ridiculous .
So here we are !
Hiro joins the cast of LOST !
Yeah !
Comments by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
( NaturalNews )
A study appearing in the American Chemical Society 's Journal of Proteome Research has given further insight into the correlation between calorie restriction and weight loss .
While it is known that calorie - restricted diets are effective at helping people to lose weight , it has now been found that fat cell proteins play an important role in regulating bodily fat stores and extending life .
Dr. Edwin Mariman and his research team sought out to further understand the relationship between fat cell proteins and weight loss .
Prior animal studies have shown that low - calorie diets rich in valuable nutrients are effective at maintaining proper bodily weight and lengthening life span .
In order to understand how it works in humans , the team investigated the subcutaneous fat cells of a group of obese people that followed a five - week calorie - restricted diet .
Besides the fact that the average participant lost over 20 pounds , researchers discovered that six fat cell proteins in participants ' bodies had changed their composition throughout the course of the diet .
The significance of the discovery is that fat cell proteins instruct the body when and how to store fat .
The composition change indicated that the low - calorie diet had actually restructured the proteins , signaling them to store less fat and to use it differently than before .
Researchers believe the bodies of the study participants will now regulate themselves better , leading to better health and longer life .
According to researchers , being able to observe the marked changes in fat cell proteins will help verify the effectiveness of various methods of cutting calories to lose weight and gain better health .
Fat cells are n't stupid cells :
They 're actually quite intelligent .
In fact , the fat cells of your body may one day be called a whole new " organ . "
They exhibit remarkable adaptability and communication with other cells in the body .
The old model of thinking that fat cells are stupid like batteries -- just storing energy , then releasing energy -- is far too simplistic .
What we now know is that fat cellsand adapt to increase the survival of the whole organism ( you ) .
That 's why fat cells alter their composition in response to changes in calorie intake .
It 's as if the cells are morphing into new cells that are better adapted to a calorie - restricted diet .
This is also good news for dieters , because it indicates thatby changing your diet .
PRESTON , England , Dec. 7 ( UPI ) --
A former employee at a British grocery store apologized for videotaped shenanigans including licking raw chickens .
Adeel Ayub , 60 , apologized for his actions in the videos , which were taken before he left the company in 2006 , after supermarket chain Asda said it was investigating his actions at the Preston , England , store , the Lancaster Evening Post reported Monday .
Advertisement
The videos include footage of Ayub licking raw chickens that were returned to shelves , urinating into a trash bin , destroying awards earned by the store , slashing coworkers ' clothing and setting off fire extinguishers .
" I know there is no excuse for my atrocious behavior and I am truly sorry for what I did back then .
I express my profound apologies to Asda and to its staff and customers , " Ayub said .
Police said they are reviewing CCTV footage from the Asda store .
The much anticipated House of Commons report into the Evidence Check on Homeopathy has now been published and it may well be the report that changes the face of homeopathy in the UK .
But more than that , its implications will also be felt around the world .
In a thorough appraisal of the issues and evidence that will become required reading for any health official looking at the public funding and provision of homeopathy , the MPs conclude ,
By providing homeopathy on the NHS and allowing MHRA licensing of products which subsequently appear on pharmacy shelves , the Government runs the risk of endorsing homeopathy as an efficacious system of medicine .
To maintain patient trust , choice and safety , the Government should not endorse the use of placebo treatments , including homeopathy .
Homeopathy should not be funded on the NHS and the MHRA should stop licensing homeopathic products .
The Evidence Check was called to look at the evidence base that has influenced government policy regarding homeopathy .
The policy areas focussed on two main issues : the specific funding of homeopathy centres within the NHS and the regulation and labelling of homeopathic products .
MPs called for submissions from interested parties about the nature of evidence and how it was influencing policy .
Both areas have come under intense criticism from the MPs .
Of course , the central question of evidence into the policy concerning such areas must be the evidence of the effectiveness of homeopathic treatment .
The evidence submitted by homeopaths was a complete ragbag , ranging from the selective , the misleading , the irrelevant to the bizarre .
" It is unacceptable for the MHRA to license placebo products — in this case sugar pills — conferring upon them some of the status of medicines . "
As such , homeopathy will be under more pressure than it could have conceived possible .
It may not be that this government acts on this report – elections are looming – but that is not important .
Within PCTs , the NHS will start rethinking and no doubt start unwinding provision for it .
There will be a ratchet effect .
Bit by bit , funding will stop , never to return .
West Kent PCT has done so .
The likes of Liverpool , Glasgow , Bristol and London will surely follow .
The Medicines Regulator will be under strong pressure to review its stance as it is clearly complicit in misleading the public with how it allows homeopathic products to be labelled .
So , what does the report conclude ?
It appears to be a very well thought out document .
Firstly , it sets out what its expectations of government would be for making policy on homeopathy :
Our expectations of the evidence base relevant to government policies on the provision of homeopathy are straightforward .
We would expect the Government to have a view on the efficacy of homeopathy so as to inform its policy on the NHS funding and provision of homeopathy .
Such a view should be based on the best available evidence , that is , rigorous randomised controlled trials and meta- analyses and systematic reviews of RCTs .
If the effects of homeopathy can be primarily attributed to the placebo effect , we would expect the Government to have a view on the ethics of prescribing placebos .
The report then starts to look at the evidence , starting with the plausibility problem .
It damns homeopathy before dilutions are even mentioned :
We conclude that the principle of like - cures - like is theoretically weak .
It fails to provide a credible physiological mode of action for homeopathic products .
We note that this is the settled view of medical science .
Water memory and the dilution problem are rejected outright .
Furthermore , calls for more research into the hypothesis are questioned , " Research funding is limited and highly competitive .
The Government should continue its policy of funding the highest quality applications for important scientific research determined on the basis of peer review . "
They leave the decision to government funding to be settled by the chief scientists .
We recommend that the Government Chief Scientific Adviser and Professor Harper , Chief Scientist at the DH , get together to see if they can reach an agreed position on the question of whether there is any merit in research funding being directed towards the claimed modes of action of homeopathy .
On the question of clinical evidence , the MPs assess the overall conclusions of the best reviews and conclude simply : " In our view , the systematic reviews and meta - analyses conclusively demonstrate that homeopathic products perform no better than placebos . "
However , the Chief Scientist at the Department of Health came under particular criticism for being equivocal about the evidence and appearing to suggest that there was a “ lack of agreement between experts working in the field ” .
The MPs could find no evidence of such a lack of agreement .
And so , again , the MPs ask the Chief Scientists to get together and form an opinion as to whether there is any real controversy here .
On the evidence submitted by homeopaths , they are damning , We regret that advocates of homeopathy , including in their submissions to our inquiry , choose to rely on , and promulgate , selective approaches to the treatment of the evidence base as this risks confusing or misleading the public , the media and policy - makers .
On the question of funding more clinical research , the MPs again are clear , There has been enough testing of homeopathy and plenty of evidence showing that it is not efficacious .
Competition for research funding is fierce and we cannot see how further research on the efficacy of homeopathy is justified in the face of competing priorities .
Even more damningly , they question the ethics of homeopathy trials ,
It is also unethical to enter patients into trials to answer questions that have been settled already .
Given the different position on this important question between the Minister and his Chief Scientist , we recommend that the Government Chief Scientific Adviser , Professor John Beddington , investigate whether ministers are receiving effective advice and publish his own advice on this question .
The MPs anticipate the reaction of homeopaths that homeopathy works in ‘ real life ’ scenarios .
They look at the various ‘ satisfaction surveys ’ that come out of homeopathic hospitals and conclude , We do not doubt that homeopathy makes some patients feel better .
However , patient satisfaction can occur through a placebo effect alone and therefore does not prove the efficacy of homeopathic interventions .
( I suspect strongly we shall see some homeopaths quote mining this section ! )
It is therefore inevitable that the MPs should ask the NHS PCTs to consider whether spending money on homeopathy is cost effective , We recommend that the Department of Health circulate NHS West Kent ’s review of the commissioning of homeopathy to those PCTs with homeopathic hospitals within their areas .
It should recommend that they also conduct reviews as a matter of urgency , to determine whether spending money on homeopathy is cost effective in the context of competing priorities .
Given that it is almost certain that homeopathy is nothing but a placebo , should doctors still be allowed to prescribe it ?
There are feelings that a placebo may well help some patients .
However , the MPs again were very straightforward here in their conclusions about prescribing placebos : " When doctors prescribe placebos , they risk damaging the trust that exists between them and their patients . "
One of the central arguments from homeopaths is that the NHS should provide the choice to be treated with homeopathy .
‘ Choice ’ is the big buzz word in health at the moment .
The MPs again do not see homeopathy providing extra real choices for patients , For patient choice to be real choice , patients must be adequately informed to understand the implications of treatments .
For homeopathy this would certainly require an explanation that homeopathy is a placebo .
When this is not done , patient choice is meaningless .
When it is done , the effectiveness of the placebo — that is , homeopathy — may be diminished .
We argue that the provision of homeopathy on the NHS , in effect , diminishes , not increases , informed patient choice .
This thinking is extended to the new concept of ‘ personal health budgets ’ that are being trialed at the moment :
" We recommend that if personal health budgets proceed beyond the pilot stage the Government should not allow patients to buy non-evidence - based treatments such as homeopathy with public money . "
And quite critically , the MPs recognised that NHS funding of homeopathy could harm people by appearing to endorse nonsensical treatments .
They noted that most people do not understand what homeopathy is – thinking it is a ‘ herbal ’ treatment .
When the NHS funds homeopathy , it endorses it .
Since the NHS Constitution explicitly gives people the right to expect that decisions on the funding of drugs and treatments are made “ following a proper consideration of the evidence ” , patients may reasonably form the view that homeopathy is an evidence - based treatment .
The overall conclusion must be the bleakest conclusion for the supporters of homeopaths in the UK .
We conclude that placebos should not be routinely prescribed on the NHS .
The funding of homeopathic hospitals — hospitals that specialise in the administration of placebos — should not continue , and NHS doctors should not refer patients to homeopaths .
The Royal London Homeopathic Hospital is probably the most famous state funded homeopathy clinic in the world .
Its closure will be a bitter blow to all supporters of this quackery .
However , it will be a very good thing to all those subjected to quack medicine in India and Africa where homeopaths use the UK state funding of homeopathy as an endorsement for their own dangerous policies and practices .
This is a good day for the health of the poor and exploited .
The MPs move on the the licensing of homeopathic remedies and how the MHRA handle it .
This is an area I am particularly interested in as I submitted evidence of the failure of the MHRA to uphold their own rules .
The first blow to the homeopathic industry is the call for the ending of the Public License of Right which gave exemptions to homeopathic products when the Medicines Act was introduced ,
We are concerned that homeopathic products were , and continued to be , exempted from the requirement for evidence of efficacy and have been allowed to continue holding Product Licences of Right .
We recommend that no PLRs for homeopathic products are renewed beyond 2013 .
This will send shock waves through the manufacturers of sugar pills .
My guess is that this is a far more deeply reaching conclusion that they were expecting .
The MPs conclusions about the MHRAs position are quite amusing …
The absence of a requirement to show evidence of efficacy means that the MHRA ’s current arrangements would allow a person to seek , for example , a licence for a confectionary product as long as he or she persuaded a number of people that it was a homeopathic product with therapeutic effects .
Such a development would , rightly , bring the licensing arrangements into disrepute .
We are concerned that the lack of rigour in the MHRA ’s licensing processes by , for example , allowing the use of provings is allowing homeopathic products to build medical claims unsupported by any evidence .
We conclude that the MHRA should seek evidence of efficacy to the same standard for all the products examined for licensing which make medical claims and we recommend that the MHRA remove all references to homeopathic provings from its guidance other than to make it clear that they are not evidence of efficacy .
The testing of the publics ’ understanding of the labeling of homeopathic products was found to be ‘ flawed ’ " the MHRA ’s testing of the public ’s understanding of the labelling of homeopathic products is defective . "
As I suggested a few weeks ago , the MPs suggest that if there are to be new labels , they should make it clear that there is no active ingredient ,
If the MHRA is to continue to regulate the labelling of homeopathic products , which we do not support , we recommend that the tests are redesigned to ensure and demonstrate through user testing that participants clearly understand that the products contain no active ingredients and are unsupported by evidence of efficacy , and the labelling should not mention symptoms , unless the same standard of evidence of efficacy used to assess conventional medicines has been met .
The role of pharmacists in selling these products was questioned .
Pleasingly for me , the MPs directly address my concern about the lack of enforcement of the existing rules .
They quote me on how Ainsworths sell remedies for mumps , measles , typhoid and TB and appear to be getting away with it ,
" I was really scared .
At first , I did n't know it was a cougar .
I thought it was another dog , " Austin told the Canadian news website CTV News on Sunday .
" As soon as it went underneath the light , I saw that it was a cougar .
I knew at that moment , I had to go inside . "
Sigh .
Obama ’s claim that he never campaigned on the public option has received a lot of flack , and rightly so .
It was in his official campaign proposal , and he did invoke it many times this year .
What is true is that the Obama inner circle never , in fact , cared much about the public option .
But they allowed , you might say encouraged , progressive activists to believe otherwise .
It ’s probably worth pointing out something else : much of the furor on the left is over the individual mandate — and that ’s at least in part a legacy from the Democratic primary , when Obama campaigned against his rivals by attacking the fact that their plans contained such a mandate .
It was obvious even then , if you actually did the economics , that whatever plan finally emerged would have to include a mandate .
And so Obama was storing up trouble .
Here ’s what I wrote two years ago :
My main concern right now is with Mr. Obama ’s rhetoric : by echoing the talking points of those who oppose any form of universal health care , he ’s making the task of any future president who tries to deliver universal care considerably more difficult .
I ’d add , however , a further concern : the debate over mandates has reinforced the uncomfortable sense among some health reformers that Mr. Obama just is n’t that serious about achieving universal care — that he introduced a plan because he had to , but that every time there ’s a hard choice to be made he comes down on the side of doing less .
Sure enough , when it came to the reality of health care reform , a mandate turned out to be essential .
And the future president haunted by the legacy of that anti-mandate demagoguery , it turns out , is Mr. Obama himself .
But what reformers should remember is that right now , none of this matters .
So what if Obama is n’t who you thought he was ?
The fact is that the dream is coming true — not quite as you imagined or hoped it would be , but nonetheless the Senate is about to pass a bill that , for all its flaws , is the biggest piece of progressive legislation since Medicare .
Kremlin in the Crosshairs Environmentalists Seethe Over Russian Luxury Dachas
Is environmental protection being abandoned for the sake of a colony of luxury dachas near Russia 's Sochi resort , where the 2014 Winter Olympics are slated to take place ?
A resort has been planned for the middle of a nature reserve -- with obscure support from the Kremlin .
und Wladimir Pyljow Von Benjamin Bidder
The seller is California businessman Paul Kaufmann , who first became aware that his family possessed the item in 1990 .
While searching among his late mother 's possessions , he happened on an ancient , pear - shaped box labeled " Beethoven . "
Years of investigation by historians and scientists make a compelling case that the box was labeled accurately .
Exhibit A : Kaufmann 's great - great uncle was a physician closely involved in the 1863 exhumation of Beethoven ( and Franz Schubert ) largely for scientific study ; according to several accounts , the physician kept Beethoven 's skull .
Exhibit B : Tests of existing strands of the composer 's hair point to a DNA match .
For Exhibits C through Z , see Dickey 's book .
In reference to the bookby Colin Dickey , Keith Thomson writes atabout the hobby of skull collecting .
Among the most famous skulls held in collections might be that of the composer Ludwig Von Beethoven :
The owner hopes to earn at least $ 100,000 for the skull .
At the link , you can read about other famous collectible skulls .
Link via Digg | Photo : Ira F. Brilliant Center for Beethoven Studies
The simple answer is ‘ both ’ .
Finance whether for business or study has strong roots in the science of mathematics and statistics and a lot of modern financial theories resemble scientific language .
Yet the financial industry is affected by the decisions made from human emotions in many ways , giving it an element of being an art as well as a science .
For many people , finance = math where it is all about numbers and science and proven identities and historical performance .
For others , finance is about psychology , emotion , and the endless possibilities on offer from which to make a choice or plan .
Finance as science
In the financial world there are incontrovertible mathematical realities .
If your outgoings consistently surpass your income , you will end up in debt is a simple example .
Use of the laws of statistics and mathematics found in science are found in modern financial theories .
The Black Scholes model , a model of price variation over time , for stocks as an example , would not exist without these scientific laws .
Theoretical constructs such as the capital asset pricing model ( CAPM ) and the efficient market hypothesis ( EMH ) attempt to logically explain the behaviour of the stock market in an emotionless , completely rational manner , entirely ignoring elements such as market sentiment and investor emotions .
There ’s an argument to be made that financial turmoil emanates from an excessive and grossly misdirected use of mathematics for the purpose of generating profits for financial institutions .
While scientific and academic advancements have helped improve the operations of the financial markets , the stock market crashes such as the Oct 1987 crash ( Black Monday ) , which saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average fall more than 22 percent and the great 1929 ( Black Thursday ) crash that spurred the Great Depression , cannot be fully explained by scientific theories such as the Black Scholes model .
In personal finance it has statistically been shown that the best way to save for retirement is through a balanced portfolio of stocks and bonds held for at least 20 years and periodically rebalanced .
Yet there is conflict of studies and opinions about how often you should contribute , the percentage of stocks , bonds and cash to be held and when the portfolio should be rebalanced .
Calculations like interest rates , amortization schedules , regular dividend distributions and average market index returns are scientific since there ’s no debate about the numbers used .
Yet science dos not allow the market to be consistently timed for maximum effect , even if a particular approach has worked reasonably well over time .
Finance as art
Finance is also an art as it has become more analytical .
New financial theories give alternatives to raising and managing money , but these financial theories are not scientifically proven .
As an example , analyse of historical trends will not prove that interest rates will change in a definite pattern .
Financial guidelines and theories are useful in financial decision making , but they need additional input .
All investors know that markets are not entirely scientific .
Studies have shown that investor behaviour can be mildly influenced by weather , with the overall market generally becoming more bullish when the weather is predominately sunny .
Other phenomena include the January effect , which exposes the pattern of stock prices falling near the end of the calendar year and rising at the beginning of the next .
The ability of some investors , like Warren Buffett who has created the bulk of his wealth from long - term equity investments , to consistently outperform the broader market for long periods of time , discredits the EMH , leading some to believe that to be a successful equity investor , one needs to understand the science behind the numbers and the art behind the stock picking by such investors .
We can calculate statistics , but the many variables in finance , including the geopolitical landscape , the weather , income and stock market performance , preclude certainty .
With variables in finance , making a plan is an art .
Statistics can help with probabilities , but with no certainties , even the most rigorous analysis cannot protect from arbitrary market moves .
Perhaps finance is best described as a ‘ scientific art ’ where finance is the science of knowing how to predict financial consequences and the art of knowing when to act .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Gout is a painful swelling in joints that is caused when uric acid builds up in the body and is not eliminated .
Uric acid is caused by the breakdown of a chemical found in red meat , fish and poultry .
Natural remedies can relieve the symptoms of gout and help restore proper digestion , which prevents the reoccurrence of this painful condition .
High levels of uric acid in the body create a condition called hyperuricemia .
The uric acid forms crystals called urates , which are sharp and irritating to joints .
It is this irritation that causes swelling and pain in the joints , particularly in the ankles , heels , wrists , knees , elbows and hands .
Some vegetables contain these uric acid forming chemicals , which are called purines .
These vegetables include asparagus and mushrooms .
Mostly found in animal proteins , purines are especially prevalent in organ meats , such as liver and kidneys .
Purines are dissolved and carried away by the bloodstream and eliminated in the urine in a healthy person .
This process is blocked by certain factors , such as gender and genetics .
Children whose parents have gout have a 20 % higher chance of developing gout themselves , and men are statistically more inclined to develop gout than women .
Other risk factors include consuming alcohol and other purine - rich foods .
Natural Herbal Remedies for GoutAsh has been used in Europe for centuries to treat gout , though there is little clinical evidence .
Agrimony is a plant used to heal wounds and has been shown to be an anti-inflammatory .
Again , no research has shown results , but clinical usage has shown results .
Bilberry is a berry used since the 12th Century .
Related to the blueberry , bilberry is used in jams and jellies , as well as in alcoholic beverages .
Bilberry has long been used in folk medicine to treat gout Pineapple contains bromelain , which is a digestive enzyme that works to help digest proteins .
Because of this , pineapple , or the bromelain extracted from it taken by itself , can help reduce the swelling caused by gout .
Chamomile tea is a comforting tea that soothes stomach complaints , aids digestion and may help the stomach digest proteins better so that the uric acid is dissolved and not deposited in joints .
Digestive enzymes in general will help the assimilation of proteins .
After a heavy meal , particularly a large meat meal late at night , digestive enzymes will speed the digestion and help to eliminate the cause of gout .
With proper eating and the addition of natural foods and herbal medicine , the symptoms of gout can be ameliorated and reduced .
Melanie Grimes is a writer , award - winning screenwriter , medical journal editor , and adjunct faculty member at Bastyr University .
She also teaches homeopathy at the Seattle School of Homeopathy and the American Homeopathic Medical College .
A trained homeopath , she is the editor of the homeopathic journal , Simillimum , and has edited alternative and integrative medical journals for 15 years .
She has taught creative writing , founded the first Birkenstock store in the USA and authored medical textbooks .
Her ebook on Natural Remedies for the Flu is available at : Follow her blog at
SHELBY’S BLASE OBSTRUCTIONISM ….
In a Congress when Republicans ’ obstructionist tactics have become scandalous , and a discredited GOP minority has effectively shut down the American policymaking process , Sen. Richard Shelby ( R ) of Alabama still stands out for his brazenness .
Shelby , you ’ll recall , placed a blanket hold on several dozen administration nominees , holding them hostage until the senator was paid off in earmarked pork .
He eventually backed off , at least in part , though he continues to block Senate votes on three top positions in the Air Force .
CNN ’s Dana Bash asked the right - wing senator yesterday whether his actions are justified .
BASH : I spoke with Geoff Morrell over at the Pentagon and just asked him what the impact is of not having these three people in place — one of whom , as you know , is the number two at the Air Force .
He said , “ Without these people , we ’re not firing on all cylinders . ”
And he also said , “ It does adversely affect the organization . ”
Are you worried about that ?
This is a time of war — SHELBY : The Pentagon is a big place .
I do n’t think one or two will affect anything except on the margins .
BASH : Do you think that the nominees you have holds on are qualified ?
SHELBY : Oh , I do n’t have any idea .
In a sane political world , this would put Shelby in an impossible - to - defend position .
In the midst of two wars , the Pentagon wants to fill key Air Force vacancies , and the Commander in Chief has sent two qualified nominees to the Senate for confirmation .
If given a vote , the nominees would be easily approved and could get to work .
A Republican senator ( 1 ) does n’t care what the Pentagon wants in the midst of two wars ; ( 2 ) believes vacancies in the Air Force leadership are n’t important ; and ( 3 ) has no idea whether the nominees he ’s blocking deserve consideration .
I ’m trying to imagine the political world ’s reaction if a Democratic senator had done this in , say , 2002 .
If the Pentagon said a Democratic block is “ adversely affecting ” operations during a war , and the Dem said he did n’t care , would n’t that be considered pretty scandalous ?
The religious left
The religious left
UU World Magazine Winter 2009 , published by the Unitarian Universalist Association
Social Justice , UU Theology , UU Identity
For the past three decades , many political commentators have assumed that the United States was divided between the “ religious right ” and the “ secular left . ”
Churchgoers , in the prevailing media image , were anti-gay and anti-feminist ; they preferred private charity to public welfare ; they waved the flag whenever the United States sent troops overseas .
Liberals , by contrast , were depicted as big-city elites with disdain for heartland prayer , unwilling to utter even a friendly “ Merry Christmas ” or a patriotic “ God bless America . ”
Unitarian Univer­salists often felt left out of this picture — and so did Roman Catholics who cared about poverty and evangelicals who worried about global warming .
In many ways , the picture reflected the worldview of a newly assertive political movement , the religious right , which assumed that anyone who questioned biblical literalism was a hopeless secularist .
But even those of us who were left out of that picture rarely questioned its accuracy .
When it comes to “ God ’s politics , ” progressive evangelical Jim Wallis complained , “ the Right gets it wrong and the Left does n’t get it . ”
The 2008 U.S. presidential election shook up this tidy picture .
Barack Obama , a former faith - based community organizer with an inspirational story of conversion to Christianity , was elected with the enthusiastic support of agnostic college students , goddess - worshipping environmentalists , African American Protestants , and Latino Catholics , not to mention a slight majority of white Catholics and just under half of all white mainline Protestants .
The campaign introduced Americans to the fiery Black Power preaching of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , the evangelical environmentalism of Richard Cizik , and the Rev. Rick Warren ’s puzzling blend of support for AIDS research and opposition to gay marriage .
We also witnessed an outpouring of quasi-religious devotion directed at Obama himself .
Clearly , the relationship between religion and politics is not what it once seemed .
From a longer historical perspective , things are getting back to normal .
Despite its recent prominence , the religious right is only about thirty years old , while the religious left has a genealogy that stretches back more than two centuries .
In every generation people of faith have brought their bodies and spirits to the causes of human freedom , racial and gender equality , economic solidarity , and global peace .
Catholics and Calvinists , theological liberals and evangelicals , adherents of indigenous spiritualities and immigrants of every faith have worked to extend the radical vision of the American Revolution to all peoples .
Indeed , it is nearly impossible to separate the “ religious ” from the “ secular ” left in U.S. history .
Americans are among the most religiously observant people in the world , and we bring our diverse pieties to social change movements .
Deeply religious reformers have sometimes broken their ties to the churches not because they had lost faith in God but because they believed the churches had broken faith with the divine cause of justice .
Other reformers remained in the churches , but drew inspiration from nonreligious radicals .
Ostensibly secular organizations , such as the Industrial Workers of the World at the turn of the twentieth century and the hippie communes of the 1960s , claimed kinship with “ comrade Jesus ” and developed their own rituals to foster a radical faith .
Unitarian and Universalist participation in the religious left stretches from Judith Sargent Murray ’s feminist writings in the 1790s to our current campaign to “ stand on the side of love ” with immigrant families and gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender people .
But we often misunderstand our place in the movement .
Many of us experience liberal religion and radical politics as mutually reinforcing , but they are logically distinct .
Unitarian Universalists embrace liberal theology , but some take moderate or conservative positions on sociopolitical issues , just as many religious leftists , from John Brown to Dorothy Day , have been orthodox in their theology .
A broader awareness of the theological diversity of the religious left can help Unitarian Universalist activists build more effective alliances .
The cause of liberation
America ’s religious left was born not in the theologically liberal churches that would embrace Unitarianism or Universalism but on the shores of colonial Virginia and South Carolina , where enslaved Africans found the strength to keep living in the songs , dances , and rituals of their traditional faiths .
It took on a new flavor when the children and grandchildren of those Africans discovered a message of liberation in the sacred books of their captors .
“ Let my people go ! ” thundered the God of Exodus .
These words , coupled with the protective amulets of African folk religion and the international network of Freemasonry , inspired a series of insurrections that rattled the slave system .
And in the “ free ” but deeply segregated north , black preachers Richard Allen and Jarena Lee refused to accept secondhand status in the white churches , creating “ African ” congregations to honor the principle that there is “ neither slave nor free ” in Christ .
The religious left expanded as European Ameri­cans listened to the testimony of African Americans .
The Quakers were among the first :
By the late eighteenth century , the Philadelphia Friends excluded slaveholders from membership .
A generation later , Quaker editor Benjamin Lundy launched his Genius of Universal Emancipation .
After moving his paper to the heart of Baltimore ’s free black community , in 1829 Lundy welcomed a young New Englander , William Lloyd Garrison , as associate editor .
Radicalized by his encounters with African American teachers and activists , Garrison was soon jailed on charges of libel because of his vigorous attacks on a slave - trading sea captain from his hometown .
In 1831 , Garrison returned to Boston to launch the Liberator , a newspaper that challenged northern racism as well as southern slavery , focusing particularly on the American Colonization Society ’s scheme to send freed slaves back to Africa .
For the next thirty years , Garrison was the central figure not only in the abolitionist movement , but also in a radical coalition that championed women ’s rights , nonviolence , economic cooperation , and religious freedom .
Alternately venerated and despised in his own day , Garrison ’s fervent style and paradoxical personality made him an emblematic religious leftist .
It is worth dwelling on some of these paradoxes because — for better or worse — they have shaped social change movements ever since .
“ A few white victims must be sacrificed to open the eyes of this nation , ” Garrison declared after his release from jail .
By publicizing his own imprisonment , Garrison turned the ancient religious tradition of martyrdom — the veneration of those who suffer for the faith — to political ends , setting a standard that would be emulated in later years by leftist prisoners Eugene Debs , the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , and Mumia Abu - Jamal .
Millions of activists have been inspired by these martyrs , yet their legacy raises troubling questions .
Should people who suffer under oppressive systems seek out more suffering as they work for change ?
Does the practice of martyrdom drive a wedge between a self - suffering elite and the rest of the movement ?
Similarly , Garrison ’s choice to attack the Ameri­can Colonization Society as well as slavery itself was an effective tactic of agitation :
Many colonizationists were eventually convinced that people of African descent were fully a part of the American community .
But it also established a precedent for less fruitful schisms .
Within a decade , the American Anti-Slavery Society had split over women ’s rights , pacifism , and participation in politics .
Post–Civil
War feminists divided over the relative priority of voting rights for women and for African American men ; socialists , communists , and anarchists went their separate ways early in the twentieth century ; and integrationists clashed with Black Power advocates during the civil rights era .
Though many activists longed to draw people together rather than splitting them apart , they achieved fleeting unity on only a few occasions , most notably the Civil War , the years just before World War I , and the beginning of the civil rights movement .
Garrison also had a paradoxical relationship with religion .
Raised by a devoutly Baptist mother , he initially assumed that churches would be his allies in the cause of freedom .
When both evangelical and Unitarian churches refused to host his meetings or exclude slaveholders from membership , he turned bitterly against them , attacking first the Sabbath , then the clergy , and finally the Bible itself .
But just at the time when he was universally regarded as an “ infidel , ” he added a giant picture of Jesus to the masthead of the Liberator , along with a stirring biblical quote : “ I come to break the bonds of the oppressor . ”
The infidel was unwilling to cede Jesus to the more conventionally religious .
Garrison was by no means the only giant of the religious left in the abolitionist era .
His pacifist comrade the Rev. Adin Ballou — a minister who served both Universalist and Unitarian congregations , as well as launching the communal village of Hopedale — was the era ’s great theorist of nonviolence , carefully explaining that the “ nonresistance ” of Jesus really entailed fervent resistance to evil by means of noncoercive love .
This vision traveled around the world , influencing Leo Tolstoy in Russia and Mohandas Gandhi in India , before returning to the United States during the civil rights movement .
The pioneering feminist Elizabeth Cady Stanton credited Garrison with helping her “ saw off the chains of my spiritual bondage ” ; she would anticipate twentieth - century feminist theology in her Woman ’s Bible .
Frederick Douglass , the most famous fugitive from slavery , was also an early religious humanist , declaring in one speech that he could see “ glimpses of God ” only in his comrades in the antislavery movement .
Among those comrades was John Brown , a fervent Calvinist whose Harpers Ferry raid was largely funded by radical Unitarians .
American socialism was also born during the abolitionist era , partly at Hopedale and other utopian communities , and partly through the pioneering journalism of Universalist Sarah Bagley , who launched the Lowell Offering as a voice for female mill workers in Massachusetts ’s first factory town .
The rise of the ‘ social gospel ’
After the Civil War , the single most influential leader on the religious left was Frances Willard , a revivalist Methodist who served two decades as president of the Women ’s Christian Temperance Union .
It may seem strange to list an anti-alcohol activist as a leader of the religious left , but from the 1830s to the 1930s the temperance cause was as integral to the religious left as environmentalism is today .
Willard ’s motto was to “ do everything ” to liberate families from the scourge of alcoholism , and on this basis she endorsed both women ’s suffrage and socialism .
A much less divisive leader than Garrison , she built a national movement that included evangelicals and theological liberals , African Americans and Southern whites .
Her coalition politics had its own shadow side , however .
When anti-lynching activist Ida B. Wells - Barnett claimed that in some cases white women seduced black men and then accused them of rape , Willard attacked her for impugning the purity of Southern womanhood .
The result was a tragic division between two activists , despite the fact that both recognized that most cases of lynching did not even involve an accusation of rape .
Over the course of Willard ’s career , the religious left was transformed by urbanization .
As immigrants — most of them Catholic , Jewish , or Asian — streamed into the sweatshops and factories of Chicago , New York , and San Francisco , urban Protestant pastors were first alarmed by the threat of “ anarchy ” and then inspired by the struggles and faith of the workers .
Gradually , they glimpsed a social gospel that required Christians to ask “ What would Jesus do ? ” when confronted with the poverty of their neighbors .
By the early twentieth century , the mainline Protestant “ Social Creed ” demanded collective bargaining rights , old - age insurance , an end to child labor , and “ a living wage as a minimum in every industry . ”
Meanwhile , the immigrants brought their own religious traditions into the American left .
Reform Jews allied with Protestant social gospelers , while other ethnic Jews translated their faith ’s prophetic idealism into the new idiom of Marxist socialism .
Roman Catholics became mainstays of the more moderate trade unions .
When Pope Leo XIII initiated a tradition of “ Catholic social teaching ” that sought a middle path between socialism and capitalism , he built on work that was already being done by American bishops and unionists .
Together with the social gospelers , these Jewish and Catholic activists turned religious idealism into concrete legislation early in the new century .
World War I brought the era of Progressive legislation to a traumatic end , as Americans rallied uncritically to a “ war to end war . ”
But the war also brought together a cluster of pacifist ministers who lost their pulpits or denominational status as a result of their preaching against the war .
During the Roaring Twenties , these ministers — all members of the pacifist Fellowship of Reconciliation — would plant the seeds of future activism .
The Rev. Norman Thomas , a Presbyterian who had ministered to a working - class church in East Harlem , became the Socialist Party ’s perennial presidential candidate .
The Rev. John Haynes Holmes , a Unitarian , built the Community Church of New York into a hub of civil liberties and antiracist activism , and introduced the American public to Gandhian nonviolence .
The Rev. A. J. Muste became a labor educator , gravitating theologically from the Dutch Reformed Church to Quakerism and Trotskyism before experiencing a dramatic re-conversion to Christian pacifism .
By the 1940s , Muste was America ’s “ number one pacifist , ” according to Time , and the most important link between the social gospel and civil rights generations of American activists .
With African Amer­ican civil rights leaders Bayard Rustin and James Farmer , he began using Gandhian techniques to fight American racism ; with Catholic Worker Dorothy Day he resisted the logic of the Cold War by refusing to participate in New York City ’s civil defense drills .
New York ’s decision to discontinue the drills was one of the first victories in an ongoing fight against nuclear weapons .
A different tradition of religious activism was born in Chicago in the 1930s , under the leadership of a man who was never particularly religious .
Saul Alinsky was raised on the tough streets of Chicago , the child of Orthodox Jewish parents .
As a student of urban sociology at the University of Chicago , he was attracted to the union - organizing methods of Congress of Industrial Organizations leader John L. Lewis and began to wonder if these could be used to organize neighborhoods as well as workplaces .
They could , he concluded , if local congregations — the most powerful institutions in urban neighborhoods — were enlisted in the cause .
In Chicago ’s Back of the Yards and Woodlawn neighborhoods , Alinsky fine - tuned his approach , going on to train a national network of organizers and win the enthusiastic support of Catholic leaders , who would eventually channel hundreds of millions of dollars to Alinskyite projects .
By the 1990s , virtually every metropolitan area in the United States was home to a congregation - based community organizing project supported by one of several foundations committed to Alinsky ’s methods .
All the traditions of the religious left came together in the work of Martin Luther King Jr. A child of the black freedom tradition , King was the son and grandson of two of Atlanta ’s most influential Baptist pastors .
Educationally , he was an heir of the northern missionaries who partnered with freed slaves to found Morehouse College , as well as of the social gospel tradition he encountered at Crozer Theological Seminary and Boston University .
King readily embraced Gandhian nonviolence and made economic justice the centerpiece of the Poor People ’s Campaign , which he envisioned as the culminating work of his career .
As the United States ’ foremost social prophet , King echoed the witness of the Hebrew prophets , celebrated the democratic ideals of the United States , and insisted on a radical confrontation with the “ evil triplets ” of racism , materialism , and militarism .
With King ’s assassination , the religious left succumbed to the schismatic fragmentation that had bedeviled it since Garrison ’s day .
The rise of Black Power gave the African American community a new religious and political depth , but few white allies responded with sufficient creativity to maintain earlier practices of interracial cooperation .
( Indeed , one of the few groups to maintain its interracial radicalism into the 1970s , People ’s Temple of San Francisco , was itself victimized by the sociopathic personality of its leader , Jim Jones . )
The rising queer , feminist , and environmentalist movements so rattled some antiwar stalwarts , like the Rev. Richard John Neuhaus and theologian Michael Novak , that they began a strange pilgrimage to the far right wing .
Many more activists traded in their religious commitments for a free - form spirituality that others stigmatized as too individualistic to change society .
The religious left today
These divisions could not destroy the religious and spiritual left .
Arguably , it is as strong at the grassroots as ever , though it has had few public policy successes in the past generation .
Today , it can be understood as four overlapping clusters .
First are the grassroots activists who continue the work of the radical wings of the civil rights and antiwar movements .
Many of these activists live in Catholic Worker houses ( 185 of them , in both rural and urban areas ) or the “ new monastic ” communities proliferating today .
During the 1980s , many offered “ sanctuary ” to refugees escaping United States –sponsored wars in Central America or traveled personally to Central America to learn from liberationist - based communities there .
Typically , they espouse a deeply biblical theology , declaring ( with Dorothy Day ) that “ the Sermon on the Mount is our manifesto . ”
Yet many break with biblical literalism in supporting full equality for women and full inclusion of gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender , and queer persons , even though they may devote more of their activist energies to economic , racial , and peace issues .
A second cluster is centered around the denominational bureaucracies of the mainline Protestant and Roman Catholic churches — such as the Uni­tarian Universalist Association ’s Washington Office for Advocacy — which continue the social gospel tradition of working for “ progressive ” legislation , relying more on lobbying and letter - writing than on the direct action favored by the first cluster .
Social justice lobbying networks provide avenues for laypeople to shape their own political involvements according to their denominations ’ commitments , and Alinskyite organizations for congregation - based organizing provide rich opportunities for people of many faiths to find common ground in living wage , antiracism , or neighborhood renewal campaigns .
A third cluster includes all those who identify primarily with the theologies of liberation that reached a peak of influence in the seminaries in the 1980s .
These activists are more radical in their policy prescriptions than the denominational bureaucrats of the second cluster , and they sometimes prefer revolutionary violence to the active nonviolence favored by the first cluster .
Theologically , they often position themselves against what they take to be the excessively optimistic liberalism of the social gospel .
In principle , they insist that each oppressed community must form its own distinctive theology , though in practice advocates of black and womanist , Latino and mujerista , queer and feminist , Native American and Asian American theologies have fought side by side against interlocking oppressions .
The biggest but least organized cluster includes “ spiritual but not religious ” people and many others for whom social activism is inherently spiritual .
Some may have embraced religious traditions like Buddhism or Wicca , or they may draw eclectically from diverse spiritual traditions .
Some — notably feminist witch Starhawk and Zen teacher Roshi Bernie Glassman — are rooted in earlier religious left traditions , while others are still groping to find their own activist voices .
Unitarian Universalist congregations provide a welcoming home for many of these seekers .
As the era of the religious right comes to a close , these four clusters have a remarkable opportunity to forge real solutions to climate change , economic inequality , and the persistent injustices of racism , sexism , and homophobia .
Just as people of diverse faiths joined together in the antislavery , social gospel , and civil rights movements , so today we have the power to change the world .
But we will do it only if we blend an awareness of our history with a creative openness to the possibilities of the present .
Related Resources
The men are accused of sending funds from their money transfer agency
Italian police have arrested two Pakistanis suspected of providing logistical support for last year 's attacks in Mumbai .
The father and son were detained in an early morning raid in the northern city of Brescia , police said .
They are accused of supplying cash from their money transfer agency to pay for an internet phone account used by people in contact with the attackers .
More than 170 people , nine of them gunmen , died in the November attacks .
Mohammad Yaqub Janjua , 60 , and Aamer Yaqub Janjua , 31 , are accused of aiding and abetting international terrorism as well as illegal financial activity .
They were identified after leads from India and the FBI , police said .
In July , Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab - a 21 - year - old Pakistani man and the sole surviving attacker - pleaded guilty to 86 charges , including waging war on India , murder and possessing explosives .
He could face the death penalty if judges agree to impose the maximum sentence .
Week 4 fantasy football metrics notebook :
Is it time to consider Calvin Ridley ( and not Julio Jones ) as the Falcons alpha WR ?
The teeth of a 30,000 - year - old child are shedding new light on the evolution of modern humans , thanks to research from the University of Bristol published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The teeth are part of the remarkably complete remains of a child found in the Abrigo do Lagar Velho , Portugal and excavated in 1998 - 9 under the leadership of Professor João Zilhão of the University of Bristol .
Classified as a modern human with Neanderthal ancestry , the child raises controversial questions about how extensively Neanderthals and modern human groups of African descent interbred when they came into contact in Europe .
' Early modern humans ' , whose anatomy is basically similar to that of the human race today , emerged over 50,000 years ago and it has long been the common perception that little has changed in human biology since then .
When considering the biology of late archaic humans such as the Neanderthals , it is thus common to compare them with living humans and largely ignore the biology of the early modern humans who were close in time to the Neanderthals .
With this in mind , an international team , including Professor Zilhão , reanalysed the dentition of the Lagar Velho child ( all of its deciduous -- milk -- teeth and almost all of its permanent teeth ) to see how they compared to the teeth of Neanderthals , later Pleistocene ( 12,000 - year - old ) humans and modern humans .
Employing a technique called micro-tomography which uses x-rays to create cross-sections of 3D - objects , the researchers investigated the relative stages of formation of the developing teeth and the proportions of crown enamel , dentin and pulp in the teeth .
They found that , for a given stage of development of the cheek teeth , the front teeth were relatively delayed in their degree of formation .
Moreover , the front teeth had a greater volume of dentin and pulp but proportionally less enamel than the teeth of recent humans .
The teeth of the Lagar Velho child thus fit the pattern evident in the preceding Neanderthals , and contrast with the teeth of later Pleistocene ( 12,000 - year - old ) humans and living modern humans .
Professor Zilhão said : " This new analysis of the Lagar Velho child joins a growing body of information from other early modern human fossils found across Europe ( in Mladeč in the Czech Republic , Peştera cu Oase and Peştera Muierii in Romania , and Les Rois in France ) that shows these ' early modern humans ' were ' modern ' without being ' fully modern ' .
Human anatomical evolution continued after they lived 30,000 to 40,000 years ago . "
The team was led by Priscilla Bayle ( Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle , France ) and Roberto Macchiarelli ( Université de Poitiers , France ) and included Erik Trinkaus ( Professor of Anthropology at Washington University , St. - Louis , Cidália Duarte ( Câmara Municipal do Porto , Portugal ) , and Arnaud Mazurier ( CRI - Biopôle - Poitiers , France ) .
CARACAS , Venezuela —
Flying high over Venezuela ’s southeastern territories , a plane banks and fires into a mass of clouds .
Venezuela is not at war with the skies but with a severe drought that has caused an electricity crisis and forced the government to resort to unconventional methods to make it rain .
The government began “ bombing clouds , ” or cloud seeding , late last year after it emerged that the country was facing a dire water shortage .
Using technology borrowed from Cuba and Chile , the idea is to fire a mixture of silver iodide , dry ice and salt into vertically growing cumulonimbus clouds to encourage raindrops to join together .
“ Where we have sewn it has rained , ” said Jose Gregorio Sottolano , president of the National Institute of Meteorology and Hydrology .
“ What I ca n’t tell you , and it would be a lie , is how much water has fallen and if it has increased . "
Other countries have been using the technique for decades .
China is reported to have fired rockets into the clouds above Beijing before the 2008 Olympic Games to reduce pollution .
The U.S. has been cloud seeding since 1946 to make it rain in areas suffering from drought , to reduce the size of hailstones in storms and fog around airports , and occasionally to make it snow at large ski resorts .
Eleven western states have ongoing weather modification programs .
Sottolano said Venezuela is suffering from the effects of El Nino , a climatic phenomenon that can drastically reduce rainfall .
The Orinoco , one of South America ’s largest rivers , has seen its water levels reduced to record lows in recent months .
And that 's a problem for a country that developed a national grid based on generating power from dams .
Built in the 1960s , the grid aimed to take advantage of the country 's abundance of rivers and the efficiency of hydro- electricity .
But the Venezuelan government is plagued by inefficiency and several of its thermoelectric plants — which heat water until it turns to steam , then use the steam to power a turbine — are only partly operating or still under construction .
In mid-January , Planta Centro , the largest thermoelectric plant in the country , only had one of its five generators in operation .
Meanwhile , water levels in Venezuela ’s reservoirs continue to fall .
It is now the height of the dry season , when skies are typically cloudless .
That makes the technology hard to utilize .
“ The clouds need to be between four and seven kilometers high in order to be seeded , ” said Sottolano .
Not to mention that some meteorologists doubt whether cloud seeding works at all .
“ The main problem is finding the right type of cloud at the right temperature — naturally , with the technique being very expensive , one needs to have an expert team with good cloud physics measurement equipment on board the aircraft , for any chance of a cost effective result being achieved , ” said Roger Williams , former director of the Bermuda Weather Service .
" A seeding project in desert areas or during the ‘ dry season ’ is likely to be a waste of time and money , ” he said .
And even if it works , it will have to rain a lot in the wet season if Venezuela is to overcome this crisis .
The hydroelectric dam at El Guri reservoir supplies 44 percent of national demand .
But a report by Edelca , the state company that manages that reservior , revealed dangerously low levels .
As of Feb. 1 , the reservoir was at 258 meters , 14 meters below its ideal level :
If it falls below 240 meters , its turbines will cease working altogether .
The report concluded that if desperate measures are not taken , Venezuela could see its national grid collapse by June .
On Monday , Chavez declared an electrical emergency due to what he claimed was the worst drought in 100 years .
" We have done various studies and we 're ready to declare an electricity emergency , seeing as El Guri is falling by 13 centimeters every day , " he said .
Aside from bombing clouds , the government has also imposed water and electricity rationing , unpopular measures in a year when it faces a stern test in upcoming National Assembly elections in September .
In Caracas , rationing was suspended last month after the first day produced chaotic scenes in which a lack of functioning traffic lights caused bottlenecks and schools were not able to operate .
President Hugo Chavez sacked the minister he had placed in charge of the newly created Electricity Ministry and appointed his long - serving finance minister instead .
The electricity crisis has prompted a debate about its causes .
The government line : Blame the weather .
“ Has there been a delay in some projects ?
Yes , that ’s true .
Has there been inefficient management in some areas ?
That ’s true .
But the only cause of electricity rationing is the drought , ” Chavez said recently .
His critics say underinvestment during an oil boom that saw consumption increase by 28 percent in seven years is the primary cause .
“ Part of the problem is due to the drought — that ’s undeniable , ” said Daniel Varnagy , director of the Economic and Administrative Sciences department at Caracas ’ Simon Bolivar University .
“ But the drought is affecting us because the recommendations for planning for growth in the electricity sector were not followed . ”
For now , Chavez will rely on any solution he can find to fix what is a critical situation in an election year .
Oh no , I saw it on TV but it was very similar study with the same results .
I beleive it too .
A lot of my family is fat , and my dad is obease .
He used to be into drugs but he was able to quit them , and oddly enough has a really hard time sticking to a diet , if that speaks for anything .
You know they crack open graves and the humans barely decompose ?
They 've eaten so much preservatives .
Flies will not eat margerin ( sp ? ) .
Coca - Cola Co. , under fire from environmentalists for using plastic bottles , has introduced a new packaging material made partly from plants .
The container has " the same weight , the same feel , the same chemistry , and functions exactly the same way " as a regular plastic bottle , a Coke spokeswoman says .
Coke is n't the only beverage concern trying to reduce its carbon footprint .
Rival PepsiCo Inc. has introduced a compostable bag made from plants for its SunChips snacks .
But Coke is the world 's biggest drink maker , and Coke Chairman ...
Jay and Dave together ?
Could it be true ?
It is , and there they were , Jay Leno and David Letterman sitting on a couch – with Oprah Winfrey between them — upstairs at the Ed Sullivan Theater , where Mr. Letterman tapes his show .
The spot was shot last Tuesday afternoon , under the strictest of secrecy which involved both Mr. Leno and Ms. Winfrey flying in surreptitiously to New York , and arriving incognito at the theater , while Mr. Letterman was in the midst of taping his show for that night .
It also involved Jay wearing a disguise : hooded sweatshirt , glasses and faux mustache .
If you happened to be on Broadway between 53rd and 54th street last Tuesday about 4:15 , you might have seen a man fitting that description slip into the theater by a small entrance under the marquee .
According to staff members of the “ Late Show with David Letterman ” who were on the scene that day — including the executive producer , Rob Burnett – it all happened because Mr. Letterman had an idea he thought would be truly funny : a Super Bowl ad that featured the two longest - running adversaries in late night , sitting with Ms. Winfrey as though at a Super Bowl party .
What gave the idea extra spin , of course , was that the relationship between Mr. Letterman and Mr. Leno has been especially fractious of late in the wake of NBC ’s moves that led to the departure of Conan O’Brien from the “ Tonight ” show and Mr. Leno ’s impending return to the show , where he will once again go head to head with Mr. Letterman .
In the weeks since the decision was announced , Mr. Letterman had been notably acerbic in his on - air jokes about Mr. Leno , suggesting he was a schemer in some way in the moves that led to the changes in late night , and Mr. Leno had responded with jokes about Mr. Letterman ’s well - covered romantic entanglements .
That added to the surprise viewers encountered when the ad came up and there the two comics were , flanking Ms. Winfrey , in essence for a promotion for Mr. Letterman ’s show .
As Mr. Burnett described it , Mr. Letterman had the idea to invite Mr. Leno to participate , playing off a similar ad he put together with Ms. Winfrey the last time CBS had the Super Bowl , in 2007 .
“ Dave wrote the bit himself , ” Mr. Burnett said .
“ He just thought : it ’s the Super Bowl , you ’re supposed to entertain people . ”
Steps were taken to contact Ms. Winfrey , who agreed immediately , Mr. Burnett said , and then Mr. Leno .
Mr. Burnett said he spoke with Mr. Leno ’s executive producer , Debbie Vickers .
“ She asked if this was for real and then she laughed for about 10 minutes , ” Mr. Burnett said .
Mr. Leno quickly agreed , but the idea had to be passed by the top NBC executives , including the chief executive , Jeff Zucker .
Permission was granted .
Mr. Leno was able to get Tuesday free – NBC had rearranged its schedule to pre-empt his 10 p.m. show that night — and took the NBC corporate jet , Mr. Burnett said .
There seemed little chance though that Mr. Leno could sneak into Mr. Letterman ’s theater unseen , so the idea was hatched to try to sneak him in during a live taping , in disguise .
Both guests turned up while Mr. Letterman was on stage doing his show .
They were kept in a secret green room until the show was over and the theater was cleared .
Then Mr. Leno and Ms. Winfrey went up to the theater balcony where a living room set was fashioned with a faux TV and a couch .
Mr. Letterman arrived a short time later .
The two late - night rivals greeted each other warmly , Mr. Burnett said .
“ It was very friendly , very professional , totally cordial , ” he said .
“ You could tell these were two guys who have known each other for a long time . ”
The idea Mr. Letterman came up with was for him to be first seen alone , complaining about being at the worst Super Bowl party ever — then to be seen in a two - shot with Ms. Winfrey as he had been in 2007 , with her telling him to be nice .
And then Mr. Leno would be revealed at the other end of the couch saying that Mr. Letterman was only complaining because he was there .
Mr. Letterman followed doing a mock - Jay voice .
The 15 - second spot was shot quickly and efficiently , Mr. Burnett said .
“ I ’d say it took no more that 20 or 30 minutes , ” he said .
“ I think everybody wanted to do it just because they all knew it would get attention and they all just wanted to do something funny . ”
After the taping was completed , Mr. Letterman thanked his guests and they said a cordial goodbye , Mr. Burnett said .
The two stars slipped back out into the Manhattan night , Mr. Leno back in his faux mustache .
“ This was n’t done to help Dave or to help Jay , ” Mr. Burnett said , “ though I think it does help both of them .
It was just done because Dave thought it would be funny and would entertain people .
Nothing went beyond that . ”
Anonymity and the Internet
Universal identification is portrayed by some as the holy grail of Internet security .
Anonymity is bad , the argument goes ; and if we abolish it , we can ensure only the proper people have access to their own information .
We ’ll know who is sending us spam and who is trying to hack into corporate networks .
And when there are massive denial - of - service attacks , such as those against Estonia or Georgia or South Korea , we ’ll know who was responsible and take action accordingly .
The problem is that it wo n’t work .
Any design of the Internet must allow for anonymity .
Universal identification is impossible .
Even attribution — knowing who is responsible for particular Internet packets — is impossible .
Attempting to build such a system is futile , and will only give criminals and hackers new ways to hide .
Imagine a magic world in which every Internet packet could be traced to its origin .
Even in this world , our Internet security problems would n’t be solved .
There ’s a huge gap between proving that a packet came from a particular computer and that a packet was directed by a particular person .
This is the exact problem we have with botnets , or pedophiles storing child porn on innocents ’ computers .
In these cases , we know the origins of the DDoS packets and the spam ; they ’re from legitimate machines that have been hacked .
Attribution is n’t as valuable as you might think .
Implementing an Internet without anonymity is very difficult , and causes its own problems .
In order to have perfect attribution , we ’d need agencies — real - world organizations — to provide Internet identity credentials based on other identification systems : passports , national identity cards , driver ’s licenses , whatever .
Sloppier identification systems , based on things such as credit cards , are simply too easy to subvert .
We have nothing that comes close to this global identification infrastructure .
Moreover , centralizing information like this actually hurts security because it makes identity theft that much more profitable a crime .
And realistically , any theoretical ideal Internet would need to allow people access even without their magic credentials .
People would still use the Internet at public kiosks and at friends ’ houses .
People would lose their magic Internet tokens just like they lose their driver ’s licenses and passports today .
The legitimate bypass mechanisms would allow even more ways for criminals and hackers to subvert the system .
On top of all this , the magic attribution technology does n’t exist .
Bits are bits ; they do n’t come with identity information attached to them .
Every software system we ’ve ever invented has been successfully hacked , repeatedly .
We simply do n’t have anywhere near the expertise to build an airtight attribution system .
Not that it really matters .
Even if everyone could trace all packets perfectly , to the person or origin and not just the computer , anonymity would still be possible .
It would just take one person to set up an anonymity server .
If I wanted to send a packet anonymously to someone else , I ’d just route it through that server .
For even greater anonymity , I could route it through multiple servers .
This is called onion routing and , with appropriate cryptography and enough users , it adds anonymity back to any communications system that prohibits it .
Attempts to banish anonymity from the Internet wo n’t affect those savvy enough to bypass it , would cost billions , and would have only a negligible effect on security .
What such attempts would do is affect the average user ’s access to free speech , including those who use the Internet ’s anonymity to survive : dissidents in Iran , China , and elsewhere .
Mandating universal identity and attribution is the wrong goal .
Accept that there will always be anonymous speech on the Internet .
Accept that you ’ll never truly know where a packet came from .
Work on the problems you can solve : software that ’s secure in the face of whatever packet it receives , identification systems that are secure enough in the face of the risks .
We can do far better at these things than we ’re doing , and they ’ll do more to improve security than trying to fix insoluble problems .
The whole attribution problem is very similar to the copy - protection / digital - rights - management problem .
Just as it ’s impossible to make specific bits not copyable , it ’s impossible to know where specific bits came from .
Bits are bits .
They do n’t naturally come with restrictions on their use attached to them , and they do n’t naturally come with author information attached to them .
Any attempts to circumvent this limitation will fail , and will increasingly need to be backed up by the sort of real - world police - state measures that the entertainment industry is demanding in order to make copy - protection work .
That ’s how China does it : police , informants , and fear .
Just as the music industry needs to learn that the world of bits requires a different business model , law enforcement and others need to understand that the old ideas of identification do n’t work on the Internet .
For good or for bad , whether you like it or not , there ’s always going to be anonymity on the Internet .
This essay originally appeared in Information Security , as part of a point / counterpoint with Marcus Ranum .
You can read Marcus ’s response below my essay .
EDITED TO ADD ( 2/5 ) : Microsoft ’s Craig Mundie wants to abolish anonymity as well .
What Mundie is proposing is to impose authentication .
He draws an analogy to automobile use .
If you want to drive a car , you have to have a license ( not to mention an inspection , insurance , etc ) .
If you do something bad with that car , like break a law , there is the chance that you will lose your license and be prevented from driving in the future .
In other words , there is a legal and social process for imposing discipline .
Mundie imagines three tiers of Internet ID : one for people , one for machines and one for programs ( which often act as proxies for the other two ) .
Posted on February 3 , 2010 at 6:16 AM • 62 Comments
IT IS made from dough and it is definitely a bread , says the expert from Italy .
The Australian Taxation Office , however , reckons it 's a cracker , biscuit , wafer , crispbread or pretzel .
The Tax Office has millions riding on its ruling that the Perfetto Mini Ciabatte , an oven - baked '' flat bread ' ' imported from Italy and sold in supermarkets around Australia , is not really a bread .
Does this look like a biscuit ?... Alfred Abbatangelo is taking the Tax Office to court over a ruling on his ciabette 's GST status .
Credit : Jason South
Crackers , biscuits , wafers and pretzels are liable to the goods and services tax .
So are crispbreads , the taxman argues .
But bread is not .
In a landmark case in the Federal Court in Melbourne , expert witnesses from Italy and Australia have lined up to say the Tax Office is wrong .
During three days of evidence , they broke the Mini Ciabatte - to consider the cracking sound it made - and discussed the subtle differences in cell structure between crackers and flat breads , the flakiness versus the crunch when put to the bite test , and the amount of yeast , oil and protein found in breads and crackers .
Regardless of the driver or team you support , we are all eagerly anticipating to see how well current World Champion Jenson Button fares against the previous World Champion Lewis Hamilton at McLaren , a team he has made his own .
However , McLaren is somewhat unique amongst F1 teams in wanting to have 2 top drivers in their cars and have a philosophy of providing equal equipment and not favouring any driver .
Although they are probably the team best able to do this , there is much debate as to whether they have been able to achieve this in practice , especially when Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna raced together for them in 1988 - 89 , two drivers who share very comparable driving styles to Button and Hamilton .
Alain Prost and Jenson Button drive their cars in a very similar way .
They both have a very smooth driving style with seemingly gentle inputs to steering , acceleration and braking .
The result is that they are quick , but they do n’t look quick .
In contrast , Lewis Hamilton has a similar approach to his idol , Aryton Senna , in that they are more comfortable in a tail happy / oversteering car and in being this way , they look quick and aggressive .
Prost and Button are both good when the car is working well and when it is set up to their liking they can be unbeatable .
The difference between Prost and Button , although it could be proved in the future otherwise , is that Prost , ‘ The Professor ’ , was a master at setting up a F1 car .
Button is not quite so adept in this area and it is known that he copied set ups from the more experienced Barrichello .
Senna was also known to copy set ups from the more experienced Prost , but I wonder whether we will see Hamilton copying Button in 2010 ?
Like Senna , Hamilton is able to make the best of whatever car he has and at the beginning of 2009 when the McLaren was just plain awful , the difference between his pace and his teammate Heikki Kovalainen was quite staggering .
On the days when the McLaren is not set up well , Hamilton will do better than Button as Senna did with Prost .
With the banning of refuelling for 2010 and a greater emphasis on tyre management , the similarity of Prost and Button will become more apparent .
Prost was highly skilled at looking after and maximising his tyres during a race and would often seem slow and a little off the pace at the beginning of a Grand Prix only to speed up later on and carve his way through the field .
Button , I am sure , will follow a similar approach .
This is not to say that Senna or Hamilton cannot manage their tyres well , it is just that Prost and Button are better , respectively .
In terms of consistency , the drivers also have strong similarities with their counterparts from 20 years ago .
Alain Prost was a very consistent driver who thought in terms of championships rather than risking everything to win every race .
In 1988 Senna was World Champion , but Prost actually scored more points that year but the rules were at that time that only the best 11 results counted .
As we have seen in 2009 , Button is very consistent .
Apart from in Belgium when another driver , Grosjean , crashed into him , he finished in the points in every single race .
Lewis Hamilton , like his beloved Ayrton Senna , is not always the most consistent driver in terms of results .
They are both consistently quick , but both have been prone to make mistakes through being too aggressive or emotional .
Both could qualify very well and produce electrifying pace on a single qualifying lap , but not always able to transfer high grid positions into corresponding points .
Whereas both Prost and Button can take a relatively poor grid position and gain good points from it .
Like Prost , Button has always seemed less aggressive in the car , but they both have great track records of overtaking in Formula One .
Neither is flamboyant , but both are far more able in this regard then they are given credit for .
Just like Prost , Button won this year ’s championship by being consistently quick and being able to make passing manoeuvres when he needed to .
His pass on Hamilton in Bahrain was impressive and decisive as was his many passes in Brazil .
In terms of their characters , Button and Hamilton are so not the same as Prost and Senna .
The rivalry that began in 1988 at McLaren became to be one of the most intense and acrimonious rivalries ever to take place in Formula 1 .
The rivalry between Hamilton and Button will get intense , if both are able to perform at a similar level , but it wo n’t be anything as hostile and bitter as it got with Senna and Prost .
Ayrton Senna was simply unique in his personality and approach and was one of the most driven sports people that ever was born and had a self - belief and conviction in his actions that was unparalleled .
It was Senna ’s intensity and desire to beat Prost , at any cost , that drove their rivalry into dangerous territories .
Lewis Hamilton is a very focused , determined and driven racer , but not at the same level as Senna was .
His desire to beat Button will , of course , be very very strong , but it wo n’t be extreme , which is good , and he will be professional , cordial and he wo n’t try to deliberately take out Button at 180 m ph .
Hamilton is not high maintenance like Senna was .
Button is also not really that much like Prost , but both are reasonably quiet individuals .
Prost was much more outspoken in the media and certainly had a reputation of being more political within a team .
However , this reputation only really emerged or grew after Prost ’s experiences of McLaren with Senna .
Ayrton Senna arrived at essentially Prost ’s McLaren team and was able to turn the team , and particularly Honda ( their engine supplier ) , on to his side .
Honda and McLaren engineers admired and respected his way of driving and his commitment and dedication to the sport .
In a reverse of the comparisons , Button is the one joining Lewis ’s team and it is he who has to garner support as the new boy .
McLaren are going out of their way to show neutrality and will support the driver who is the quickest .
Button is already liked by Mercedes and so I do n’t think he will struggle to get up to speed at ‘ Hamilton ’s McLaren ’ .
Whether he will be quicker than Hamilton ?
Well , that is what we are all waiting to see .
I think it will be a fascinating rivalry to watch as I think Button will clearly accept that there are days that Hamilton will be quicker than him and I do not think that Hamilton will go into a flap and lose it if Button beats him .
I really hope it is a close battle and is just one component of what I think is going to be an amazing 2010 F1 World Championship .
— — — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
Jake McMillan
Sacked St Kilda footballer Andrew Lovett has appeared in the Melbourne Magistrates Court to face rape charges .
The former Saints recruit made his first appearance in court flanked by a female friend and his manager .
The 27 - year - old is alleged to have raped a woman in Port Melbourne on Christmas Eve .
The allegations resulted in the forward being immediately suspended from the club .
The Saints then sacked him the day after he was charged .
Lovett is now considering legal action against the club .
As the former Essendon player left the court a fan handed him a picture with a message of support , before he was swamped by media .
He remained silent as questions were fired at him .
He will return to court in May .
Federal drug- enforcement agents earlier this week seized medical - marijuana samples from a Denver lab that does potency testing for dispensaries , in what cannabis advocates say is an instance of continued official harassment of the medical - marijuana industry .
The raid at Full Spectrum Laboratories , just north of downtown Denver , occurred Wednesday , said Betty Aldworth , the lab ’s outreach director .
She said agents took dozens of medical - marijuana samples — either small pieces of plants or test tubes of “ extraction fluid ” — but left the lab ’s equipment and did not arrest anyone .
Neither a Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman nor a U.S. attorney ’s office spokesman would confirm or deny that the raid took place .
Documents that would reveal why federal authorities targeted the lab were not available Thursday .
“ We cannot comment on ongoing federal investigations , ” DEA spokesman Mike Turner said .
Rob Corry , an attorney for the lab , also declined to comment .
Aldworth said lab employees are baffled as to why DEA agents would raid the lab .
She said the lab is designated as a caregiver for several medical - marijuana patients in the state .
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder announced last year that federal authorities would not bother people operating in compliance with their state ’s medical - marijuana laws , but would continue to pursue anyone authorities believed were using the laws as cover for more nefarious activities .
“ The advice that we received suggested we were doing everything we needed and more to be legal , ” Aldworth said .
The lab , which opened in November , conducts tests on different marijuana strains to determine their potency and help dispensaries provide dosing guidelines for patients .
“ It seemed , based on their questioning , they thought we were doing other things here , ” Aldworth said .
Meanwhile on Thursday , lawyers for the city of Centennial and a dispensary the city ordered shuttered prepared for round two of their legal fight in an Arapahoe County courtroom .
In December , Judge Christopher Cross ruled that Centennial improperly cited federal law in shutting down the dispensary , CannaMart .
Since the ruling , though , Centennial has prevented CannaMart from reopening , arguing that its current location is n’t zoned for a dispensary and that the city ’s moratorium on new dispensaries prevents it from moving elsewhere .
Centennial attorney Andrew Nathan said the city was acting in good faith .
But CannaMart attorney Bob Hoban argued that those conditions effectively continued the ban , and he asked Cross to intervene .
Cross declined , saying the zoning and moratorium issues were n’t brought up in CannaMart ’s original lawsuit .
“ If they choose a different reason for banning it . . . that ’s a different issue , and that ’s not before the court , ” Cross said .
CannaMart ’s attorneys then vowed to amend their lawsuit to include the new issues , setting up another clash in the ongoing battle .
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 or jingold@denverpost.com
John McCain Didn't Understand The TARP Legislation At All In Any Way
Nevertheless , at a tumultuous mass meeting in the center of Rome , Pompey ’s opponents were cowed into submission , the Lex Gabinia passed ( illegally ) , and he was given his power .
In the end , once he put to sea , it took less than three months to sweep the pirates from the entire Mediterranean .
Even allowing for Pompey ’s genius as a military strategist , the suspicion arises that if the pirates could be defeated so swiftly , they could hardly have been such a grievous threat in the first place .
But it was too late to raise such questions .
By the oldest trick in the political book — the whipping up of a panic , in which any dissenting voice could be dismissed as “ soft ” or even “ traitorous ” — powers had been ceded by the people that would never be returned .
Pompey stayed in the Middle East for six years , establishing puppet regimes throughout the region , and turning himself into the richest man in the empire .
Those of us who are not Americans can only look on in wonder at the similar ease with which the ancient rights and liberties of the individual are being surrendered in the United States in the wake of 9/11 .
The vote by the Senate on Thursday to suspend the right of habeas corpus for terrorism detainees , denying them their right to challenge their detention in court ; the careful wording about torture , which forbids only the inducement of “ serious ” physical and mental suffering to obtain information ; the admissibility of evidence obtained in the United States without a search warrant ; the licensing of the president to declare a legal resident of the United States an enemy combatant — all this represents an historic shift in the balance of power between the citizen and the executive .
An intelligent , skeptical American would no doubt scoff at the thought that what has happened since 9/11 could presage the destruction of a centuries - old constitution ; but then , I suppose , an intelligent , skeptical Roman in 68 B.C. might well have done the same .
In truth , however , the Lex Gabinia was the beginning of the end of the Roman republic .
It set a precedent .
Less than a decade later , Julius Caesar — the only man , according to Plutarch , who spoke out in favor of Pompey ’s special command during the Senate debate — was awarded similar , extended military sovereignty in Gaul .
Previously , the state , through the Senate , largely had direction of its armed forces ; now the armed forces began to assume direction of the state .
It also brought a flood of money into an electoral system that had been designed for a simpler , non-imperial era .
Caesar , like Pompey , with all the resources of Gaul at his disposal , became immensely wealthy , and used his treasure to fund his own political faction .
Henceforth , the result of elections was determined largely by which candidate had the most money to bribe the electorate .
In 49 B.C. , the system collapsed completely , Caesar crossed the Rubicon — and the rest , as they say , is ancient history .
It may be that the Roman republic was doomed in any case .
But the disproportionate reaction to the raid on Ostia unquestionably hastened the process , weakening the restraints on military adventurism and corrupting the political process .
It was to be more than 1,800 years before anything remotely comparable to Rome ’s democracy — imperfect though it was — rose again .
The Lex Gabinia was a classic illustration of the law of unintended consequences : it fatally subverted the institution it was supposed to protect .
Let us hope that vote in the United States Senate does not have the same result .
Written by Judy Waxman , Vice President for Health and Reproductive Rights ,
National Women ’s Law Center
The health care battle is n’t over yet .
And anti-choice Members of Congress are hard at work as we speak .
As Congressional leaders work to iron out differences between the House and Senate health care reform bills , anti-choice Members of Congress — led by Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) — are working to ensure that final health reform legislation , in effect , bans abortion coverage .
Video not Found
This video is deleted .
Please use the searchform to find what you are looking for .
White Label Google Analytics Reports
I 'm considering building a service that lets you resell white label Google Analytics reports to your clients .
These reports would not hide that the data comes from Google but would present them in a simplified form for non-technical users .
Please let me know what you think .
Things you 've done when you 've had no money .
Apart from the usual survival rations of beans , white bread and Doll Noodles™ , we 've all done things to compensate for having no money .
Personally I spent 6 months barefoot to save on the cost of shoes .
What pathetic things have you done when the cash ran out ?
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 9:34 ) Apart from the usual survival rations of beans , white bread and Doll Noodles™ , we 've all done things to compensate for having no money .
Personally I spent 6 months barefoot to save on the cost of shoes .
What pathetic things have you done when the cash ran out ? ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 9:34 )
Pages : Popular , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1
It 's a good thing none of you know who I am
No money ?
A girl ?
( Or not so finicky boy ? )
Simple !
Blow jobs .
They 're fast , easy , no mess if you dodge at the last minute and flavoured condoms are a plus .
And you can plan out the rough draft of your next anthro paper while you 're doing it , killing two birds with one stone .
I can't believe I admitted this .
( , Sun 10 Oct 2004 , 22:10 , No money ?
A girl ?
( Or not so finicky boy ? )
Simple !
Blow jobs .
They 're fast , easy , no mess if you dodge at the last minute and flavoured condoms are a plus .
And you can plan out the rough draft of your next anthro paper while you 're doing it , killing two birds with one stone .
I can't believe I admitted this .
( , Sun 10 Oct 2004 , 22:10 , Reply
Not me ,
but I guy I know who could n't afford new underpants when his old ones fell to pieces .
So he just mended his old ones .
With a stapler .
( , Fri 8
Oct 2004 , 10:24 , but I guy I know who could n't afford new underpants when his old ones fell to pieces .
So he just mended his old ones .
With a stapler . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 10:24 , Reply
Oats
A guy at work went to Edinburgh University .
One of his flatmates decided food was too expensive so he bought about 25 bushels of rolled oats at the start of the year and ate nothing but porridge until February .
Then he went to the doctor and was diagnosed with Scotland 's first case of scurvy in the 20th century .
( , Fri 8
Oct 2004 , 18:20 , A guy at work went to Edinburgh University .
One of his flatmates decided food was too expensive so he bought about 25 bushels of rolled oats at the start of the year and ate nothing but porridge until February .
Then he went to the doctor and was diagnosed with Scotland 's first case of scurvy in the 20th century . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 18:20 , Reply
Baby rabbits
When I was a very little kid and lived on a farm , my mum and dad were way poor .
As a result my dad had to go hunting for rabbits !
This all was going well ( after mum got used to skinning their still warm bodies ) until spring time when one day she discovered the unborn baby rabbits inside their mum .
They slithered out into the kitchen sink and were still ( barely ) alive and moving .
Mum had had enough at this and ran out of the kitchen screaming leaving me to cry in my own shit filled napppy til dad came to sort the mess out .
They also regularly dined on boiled pigs head !
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:32 , When I was a very little kid and lived on a farm , my mum and dad were way poor .
As a result my dad had to go hunting for rabbits !
This all was going well ( after mum got used to skinning their still warm bodies ) until spring time when one day she discovered the unborn baby rabbits inside their mum .
They slithered out into the kitchen sink and were still ( barely ) alive and moving .
Mum had had enough at this and ran out of the kitchen screaming leaving me to cry in my own shit filled napppy til dad came to sort the mess out .
They also regularly dined on boiled pigs head ! ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:32 , Reply
In my chaotic and directionless life ,
I have been unemployed and / or homeless on a number of occasions - manageable in good weather , when young and in decent mental health .
In London , while living in a shed in the garden of a derelict house in Hackney in the late 80's , I used to keep a decent outfit clean in several layers of bin-bags and would wear it to visit every art gallery opening I could get to for free wine and food .
In Los Angeles , where I stranded myself for three months between the end of a contract and my pre-paid , unchangeable return flight , I ate my fill of fruit ( avocados , endless citrus , figs , prickly pear - all grown for display , so not really stealing ) from the gardens of the moderately wealthy , and did even more galleries - generally slept on or near the beach , and a few nights in the drunk tank when pulled by the polis ( not allowed to sleep on the beach , you see - not quite sure why ) .
Mostly , an adjustment of expectations allows an adequate diet on very little money - no meat , limited alcohol / narcotics , lots of pulses and cheap carbs .
Scavenging in markets is a good way to pick up discarded fruit and veg that is perfectly edible when washed and trimmed .
I used to get the newsagent to put a card in his window ( will do any odd job for cash ) , and take messages for me - painted a lot of walls and did shopping for housebound old people for 25 p a time .
Eventually , someone was kind enought to let me use their postal address , so I could get a normal job and rejoin the mainstream .
I am not sure that I feel any happier , but I do have more things .
Reading back , this is n't funny and does n't fit with the " poor student , ketchup sarnie " nature of the responses , but sod it , I do n't have access to image manipulation software this week , so this my only reasonable means of self - expression .
( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 17:50 , I have been unemployed and / or homeless on a number of occasions - manageable in good weather , when young and in decent mental health .
In London , while living in a shed in the garden of a derelict house in Hackney in the late 80's , I used to keep a decent outfit clean in several layers of bin-bags and would wear it to visit every art gallery opening I could get to for free wine and food .
In Los Angeles , where I stranded myself for three months between the end of a contract and my pre-paid , unchangeable return flight , I ate my fill of fruit ( avocados , endless citrus , figs , prickly pear - all grown for display , so not really stealing ) from the gardens of the moderately wealthy , and did even more galleries - generally slept on or near the beach , and a few nights in the drunk tank when pulled by the polis ( not allowed to sleep on the beach , you see - not quite sure why ) .
Mostly , an adjustment of expectations allows an adequate diet on very little money - no meat , limited alcohol / narcotics , lots of pulses and cheap carbs .
Scavenging in markets is a good way to pick up discarded fruit and veg that is perfectly edible when washed and trimmed .
I used to get the newsagent to put a card in his window ( will do any odd job for cash ) , and take messages for me - painted a lot of walls and did shopping for housebound old people for 25 p a time .
Eventually , someone was kind enought to let me use their postal address , so I could get a normal job and rejoin the mainstream .
I am not sure that I feel any happier , but I do have more things .
Reading back , this is n't funny and does n't fit with the " poor student , ketchup sarnie " nature of the responses , but sod it , I do n't have access to image manipulation software this week , so this my only reasonable means of self - expression . ( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 17:50 , Reply
wasnt actually skint at the time but was poor
i got mugged ...
Laughed
Walked off £ 80 richer with a rather blunt kitchen knife and proceeded to go get rather drunk .
What can i say ?
I was about a foot taller than him and probably about a foot broader aswell , what a dumbarse .
( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 16:27 , i got mugged ... Laughed Walked off £ 80 richer with a rather blunt kitchen knife and proceeded to go get rather drunk .
What can i say ?
I was about a foot taller than him and probably about a foot broader aswell , what a dumbarse . ( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 16:27 , Reply
Asked a tramp for any spare change
And its not as if he could say he had none .. it was siting in a hat infront of him .
Needed money for fags and was only 20 p short .
The tramp kindly obliged and was reembursed with not one , but two of mayfair 's finest ciggies .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 19:52 , And its not as if he could say he had none .. it was siting in a hat infront of him .
Needed money for fags and was only 20 p short .
The tramp kindly obliged and was reembursed with not one , but two of mayfair 's finest ciggies . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 19:52 , Reply
I ...
... masturbated instead of getting a whore .
( , Tue 12 Oct 2004 , 15:04 , ... masturbated instead of getting a whore . ( , Tue 12 Oct 2004 , 15:04 , Reply
Pizza - go - go
I offered my housemate a blowjob in return for a slice of pizza .
B*stard declined saying he really was THAT hungry ...
( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 9:55 , I offered my housemate a blowjob in return for a slice of pizza .
B* stard declined saying he really was THAT hungry ... ( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 9:55 , Reply
In such an event :
I once stuffed some wet tissue paper up a vending machine change shoot .
Went back at the end of the day ; over £ 5 in change .
Hurrah !
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 15:34 , I once stuffed some wet tissue paper up a vending machine change shoot .
Went back at the end of the day ; over £ 5 in change .
Hurrah !( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 15:34 , Reply
To people who stick random foods together because they are " poor "
In future , do n't stick them together .
Eat them seperately .
You cockflaps .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 11:25 , In future , do n't stick them together .
Eat them seperately .
You cockflaps . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 11:25 , Reply
My first flat .
It was the main social area for " the group " , there were about 50 of us , all into our various drugs and dealing .
My flat had one HOOGE room that everyone chilled in , the door was always on the catch an everyone just came in , made a spliff an passed it round .
As we used to get rancidly off our titties in there frequently ( and it was impossible to hoover with so many people in all the time ) there were normally little finds of a pill or piece of weed daily .
I decided to clean , kicked everyone out , and gutted the place .
On my travels around the giant room I found 14 grams of cocaine , still bagged , 2 and about 3/4 9 - bars of marijuana , more than a hundred pills and various brands of acid tabs as well as the usual decks of 20 ciggies and rolled up notes .
I put all the drugs in paper bags in a hat and charged anyone who dared a tenner for a " lucky dip " .
Made many pennies that month .
Ah the joys of being poor .
Apologies for length .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 18:50 , It was the main social area for " the group " , there were about 50 of us , all into our various drugs and dealing .
My flat had one HOOGE room that everyone chilled in , the door was always on the catch an everyone just came in , made a spliff an passed it round .
As we used to get rancidly off our titties in there frequently ( and it was impossible to hoover with so many people in all the time ) there were normally little finds of a pill or piece of weed daily .
I decided to clean , kicked everyone out , and gutted the place .
On my travels around the giant room I found 14 grams of cocaine , still bagged , 2 and about 3/4 9 - bars of marijuana , more than a hundred pills and various brands of acid tabs as well as the usual decks of 20 ciggies and rolled up notes .
I put all the drugs in paper bags in a hat and charged anyone who dared a tenner for a " lucky dip " .
Made many pennies that month .
Ah the joys of being poor .
Apologies for length . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 18:50 , Reply
Hopeful ....
A student friend of mine had 20 quid to last him 3 weeks till the end of term so he bought 20 scratch cards .
He won a quid .
Chump
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 18:02 , A student friend of mine had 20 quid to last him 3 weeks till the end of term so he bought 20 scratch cards .
He won a quid .
Chump ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 18:02 , Reply
they were
dire times .
I was out of tobacco and weed .. so I shook my keyboard , and smoked what fell out .
it was harsh .
it did get me stoned though , so all was well in the end .
( , Fri 8
Oct 2004 , 11:06 , dire times .
I was out of tobacco and weed .. so I shook my keyboard , and smoked what fell out .
it was harsh .
it did get me stoned though , so all was well in the end . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 11:06 , Reply
I once had to take a bus because the Aston was in the
garage , Eurgh !
Never again .
( , Fri 8
Oct 2004 , 11:00 , garage , Eurgh !
Never again . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 11:00 , Reply
I do recall one time when thanks to an accountancy mishap ,
Daddy could n't buy me a new pony one year , AND I was forced to keep the Porsche for two years running !
He made it up to me the next year by refurbishing my holiday home in France and bought me my very own fag to bugger at school .
What -ho !
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 10:30 , Daddy could n't buy me a new pony one year , AND I was forced to keep the Porsche for two years running !
He made it up to me the next year by refurbishing my holiday home in France and bought me my very own fag to bugger at school .
What - ho !( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 10:30 , Reply
End
of term at uni .
Nobody has any money at all .
" Hey , " says my mate .
" I 've just found out how to get all the money out of a leccy meter !
Do you want me to do yours ? "
" Woo " says my other mate .
" Go for it ! "
" All right ! " says the first mate , and vanishes downstairs to the hall .
There is an absolutely fucking unholy racket which suddenly makes other mate wonder precisely what method is involved in this ' getting all the money out of a leccy meter ' lark .
So downstairs he goes to find first mate standing there with a coal hammer in his hand , about five quid in 50 p coins at his feet and a million fragments of what had once been the leccy meter scattered around the hallway .
( And yes , he did subsequently get arrested for it and only avoided jail by paying to have the meter replaced . )
Oh and there was always the old favourite of blagging into gigs ( I was mates with the ents secretary ) then , when the lights went up and everyone was leaving , checking the floor just in front of the bar for dropped change - and I used to be able to pick up fifteen or twenty quid on a good night ...
( , Fri 8
Oct 2004 , 19:20 , of term at uni .
Nobody has any money at all .
" Hey , " says my mate .
" I 've just found out how to get all the money out of a leccy meter !
Do you want me to do yours ? " " Woo " says my other mate .
" Go for it !
" " All right ! " says the first mate , and vanishes downstairs to the hall .
There is an absolutely fucking unholy racket which suddenly makes other mate wonder precisely what method is involved in this ' getting all the money out of a leccy meter ' lark .
So downstairs he goes to find first mate standing there with a coal hammer in his hand , about five quid in 50 p coins at his feet and a million fragments of what had once been the leccy meter scattered around the hallway .
( And yes , he did subsequently get arrested for it and only avoided jail by paying to have the meter replaced . )
Oh and there was always the old favourite of blagging into gigs ( I was mates with the ents secretary ) then , when the lights went up and everyone was leaving , checking the floor just in front of the bar for dropped change - and I used to be able to pick up fifteen or twenty quid on a good night ... ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 19:20 , Reply
When my wife ran off with all the money ...
I waited until 9 p.m. or so ( when the local shops closed for the night ) , and then went door - to - door borrowing cat food from the neighbours .
I claimed my cat was hungry , and had forgotten to buy cat food .
I then split the " good stuff " with my kitty .
See , I was too proud to admit my wife had cleaned out the bank account , and I had no food in the house .
It took three days of hunger , but I did sink that low .
After that , I resorted to stealing from co-worker 's lunch boxes until I got paid from my job ( about a week and a half later ) .
I think they suspected , but no one said anything .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 17:54 , I waited until 9 p.m. or so ( when the local shops closed for the night ) , and then went door - to - door borrowing cat food from the neighbours .
I claimed my cat was hungry , and had forgotten to buy cat food .
I then split the " good stuff " with my kitty .
See , I was too proud to admit my wife had cleaned out the bank account , and I had no food in the house .
It took three days of hunger , but I did sink that low .
After that , I resorted to stealing from co-worker 's lunch boxes until I got paid from my job ( about a week and a half later ) .
I think they suspected , but no one said anything . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 17:54 , Reply
Money
Four years ago , I wanted to do a degree but had very little money .
Luckily , the government and a friendly high street bank lent me some and now I am unemployed and £ 16,000 in debt .
Fucking magic .
( , Sun 10 Oct 2004 , 22:10 , Four years ago , I wanted to do a degree but had very little money .
Luckily , the government and a friendly high street bank lent me some and now I am unemployed and £ 16,000 in debt .
Fucking magic . ( , Sun 10 Oct 2004 , 22:10 , Reply
I and two others
would regulary stow onto this Golf Course which was near a bike path .
We had a little hole cut in the wire to get in .
Finding balls was quite difficult as this Golf Course was in Australia and the long grasses hid snakes as well as balls .
Once my mate ended up face to face with a Silver Roo as the quest for golf balls took over .
So then we found an easier method , just sit at this specific short green where the tee was around the corner from the hole , then run out and grab the ball as it landed neatly on the green or just off it .
By the time they walked up the ball was safely in our bucket .
When the novelty of watching the old coots looking for their balls wore off and we had enough golf balls , we would proceed to the Surf Shop in town where the proprietor would give 50 cents a ball
Watching the roller coaster of emotions of the old guys suddenly stepping out quickly to the hole to see if it was a hole in one , and then discovering it was not , and then wondering where the ball was without giving away your position with laughter was an art in itself
( , Sat 9
Oct 2004 , 23:22 , would regulary stow onto this Golf Course which was near a bike path .
We had a little hole cut in the wire to get in .
Finding balls was quite difficult as this Golf Course was in Australia and the long grasses hid snakes as well as balls .
Once my mate ended up face to face with a Silver Roo as the quest for golf balls took over .
So then we found an easier method , just sit at this specific short green where the tee was around the corner from the hole , then run out and grab the ball as it landed neatly on the green or just off it .
By the time they walked up the ball was safely in our bucket .
When the novelty of watching the old coots looking for their balls wore off and we had enough golf balls , we would proceed to the Surf Shop in town where the proprietor would give 50 cents a ballWatching the roller coaster of emotions of the old guys suddenly stepping out quickly to the hole to see if it was a hole in one , and then discovering it was not , and then wondering where the ball was without giving away your position with laughter was an art in itself ( , Sat 9 Oct 2004 , 23:22 , Reply
My friend is as poor as me .
At my school instead of cash they have swipe cards - essentially , credit cards that have money on them that you use in vending machines and in the lunchroom .
You can put coins onto your balance at a " revaluator " - a small metal box in the wall with a coin slot , a wee screen and a swipe thingy .
What my friend realised was the whole thing was computer - controlled .
So he found a PC that a helpful IT Support staff member had forgotten to log off of , opened the " SkoolMoney ( TM ) " program [ not it 's real name ] and added about £ 150 to his bank account .
Needless to say , he was caught .
He tried again two months later - he discovered if you swiped your card , proceeded to cut a red wire in the side of the revaluator and then reconnect it , your credit balance would fly upwards , roughly £ 15 a second .
[ course , if you cut the blue wire the bomb would blow ] .
He got about £ 225 before a teacher found him at a revaluator , screwdriver and swiss army knife in hand , and asked him what the hell he was playing at .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 23:15 , My friend is as poor as me .
At my school instead of cash they have swipe cards - essentially , credit cards that have money on them that you use in vending machines and in the lunchroom .
You can put coins onto your balance at a " revaluator " - a small metal box in the wall with a coin slot , a wee screen and a swipe thingy .
What my friend realised was the whole thing was computer - controlled .
So he found a PC that a helpful IT Support staff member had forgotten to log off of , opened the " SkoolMoney ( TM ) " program [ not it 's real name ] and added about £ 150 to his bank account .
Needless to say , he was caught .
He tried again two months later - he discovered if you swiped your card , proceeded to cut a red wire in the side of the revaluator and then reconnect it , your credit balance would fly upwards , roughly £ 15 a second .
[ course , if you cut the blue wire the bomb would blow ] .
He got about £ 225 before a teacher found him at a revaluator , screwdriver and swiss army knife in hand , and asked him what the hell he was playing at . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 23:15 , Reply
i hate mcdonalds
But one day I was really , really hungry .
My mate had come up from Wellington and he had purchased some vile meal with 2 % meat ( I believe it is more commonly known as a " cheeseburger " ) .
I had no money .
Zip. Nada .
None .
Not wanting to scavenge off a friend I had n't seen in ages , I survived by asking him to save me a bit of his burger .
He saved like TWO BITES for me .
Oh well .
I got a hair from my head ( I have real long hair ) and wrapped it around the remaining burger .
I 'm serious .
I WRAPPED it around .
It seemed clever at the time .
I did a pretty bow too .
Then I went down to the nice people at the counter and demanded a refund .
The gangy teen just looked at me and went " Shit !! ! " and yelled about some worker not tying their hair up .
BUT I GOT A FREE BURGER NO QUESTIONS ASKED .
It fed me for like a day .
I hate having no money .
edit : I just remembered I hate that knob from Wellington , he really is so very annoying and knob - like .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:33 , But one day I was really , really hungry .
My mate had come up from Wellington and he had purchased some vile meal with 2 % meat ( I believe it is more commonly known as a " cheeseburger " ) .
I had no money .
Zip. Nada .
None .
Not wanting to scavenge off a friend I had n't seen in ages , I survived by asking him to save me a bit of his burger .
He saved like TWO BITES for me .
Oh well .
I got a hair from my head ( I have real long hair ) and wrapped it around the remaining burger .
I 'm serious .
I WRAPPED it around .
It seemed clever at the time .
I did a pretty bow too .
Then I went down to the nice people at the counter and demanded a refund .
The gangy teen just looked at me and went " Shit !! ! " and yelled about some worker not tying their hair up .
BUT I GOT A FREE BURGER NO QUESTIONS ASKED .
It fed me for like a day .
I hate having no money .
edit : I just remembered I hate that knob from Wellington , he really is so very annoying and knob - like . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:33 , Reply
Hello sailor .
The one thing i was n't willing to sacrifice at university due to tight finances was beer , so all I could afford to eat was bread .
This fairly limited diet led to me getting scurvy 3 times .
Bleeding gums and wobbly teeth alerted me and my doctor to the problem .
I then expanded my diet to encompass bread and orange juice .
And beer
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 10:05 ,
The one thing i was n't willing to sacrifice at university due to tight finances was beer , so all I could afford to eat was bread .
This fairly limited diet led to me getting scurvy 3 times .
Bleeding gums and wobbly teeth alerted me and my doctor to the problem .
I then expanded my diet to encompass bread and orange juice .
And beer ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 10:05 , Reply
I was so poor once ...
... that I had to shop in Marks and Spencer instead of Harrods .
( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 20:07 , ... that I had to shop in Marks and Spencer instead of Harrods . ( , Mon 11 Oct 2004 , 20:07 , Reply
I sucked a man 's penis .
ok , maybe not .
but I thought someone should say they had .
( , Sun 10 Oct 2004 , 14:18 , ok , maybe not .
but I thought someone should say they had . ( , Sun 10 Oct 2004 , 14:18 , Reply
Sounds bad , but
Last year when I was especially poor and could n't afford food , I went out on dates for free dinner regularly .
It 's good to be a girl ...
( , Sat 9 Oct 2004 , 6:58 , Last year when I was especially poor and could n't afford food , I went out on dates for free dinner regularly .
It 's good to be a girl ... ( , Sat 9 Oct 2004 , 6:58 , Reply
Strip Scrabble ...
Because Strip Buckaroo takes too long , and the missus was too good at Connect 4 ...
( hey , if you 're in on Friday nights and everyone else can afford to go dancing what else are you gonna do ? )
Basically ...
Person 1 places a word .
Person 2 has to beat the score of that word , or else they lose a sock ( or whatever ) .
Person 1 has to beat Person 2's word .
Etc .
When someone loses they get to place a new word , which begins the process again .
It passed many a long evening this game .
Extra rules being that if you spell a word that is a body part ( i.e. Minge , or Elbow ) that overrules the current score ( and obviously the opponent needs to get that part out on show . )
Add as much Gin as you wish .
Gin rules .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 15:38 , Because Strip Buckaroo takes too long , and the missus was too good at Connect 4 ...( hey , if you 're in on Friday nights and everyone else can afford to go dancing what else are you gonna do ? )
Basically ... Person 1 places a word .
Person 2 has to beat the score of that word , or else they lose a sock ( or whatever ) .
Person 1 has to beat Person 2's word .
Etc.
When someone loses they get to place a new word , which begins the process again .
It passed many a long evening this game .
Extra rules being that if you spell a word that is a body part ( i.e. Minge , or Elbow ) that overrules the current score ( and obviously the opponent needs to get that part out on show . )
Add as much Gin as you wish .
Gin rules . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 15:38 , Reply
Getting drunk on the cheap
When I was sharing a house with a fellow pisshead , we 'd run out of money and there wss nothing at all to drink in the house .
Except my aftershave .
My mate and I proceeded to gulp and gag in equal measure till we 'd polished off a bottle of Issey Myaki .
At 89 % it did the trick and although it was free on the night , it 'd cost someone £ 20 as a present for my birthday , so it was also a very expensive drink .
It had the desired effect and we got drunk and had nice - smelling breath to boot (:
xxxx
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 13:10 , When I was sharing a house with a fellow pisshead , we 'd run out of money and there wss nothing at all to drink in the house .
Except my aftershave .
My mate and I proceeded to gulp and gag in equal measure till we 'd polished off a bottle of Issey Myaki .
At 89 % it did the trick and although it was free on the night , it 'd cost someone £ 20 as a present for my birthday , so it was also a very expensive drink .
It had the desired effect and we got drunk and had nice - smelling breath to boot ( : xxxx ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 13:10 , Reply
A Pint of Pennies
When I was at university in Derby ( they do have one I 'm sure ) it had got to the end of term , which is the poorest time of all .
I was left in the flat with the one other housemate who was stupid enough to get the cheapest flight back to Belfast with me .
We knew the electricity was running out so everything was off .
We had one of those card meters where you had to go to the local 24 hr garage and buy a card ( in valuee no less than £ 5 ) which you then slotted into the meter .
We had already pushed the " emergency " button which gives you about a day 's leccy but that had been 4 days ago ...
ANYWAY , we gambled on a cup of tea at 4 pm one night and the twatting leccy cut off .
All we had between us were the coppers ( 2 p 's and 1 p's ) that were lying around the house .
We collected all these up and had £ 5.15 - in a pint glass , which we duely took to the garage and poured onto the counter in return for a card ...
and 15 penny sweets .
Nice cup of tea though .
Apologies for length .
( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:30 , When I was at university in Derby ( they do have one I 'm sure ) it had got to the end of term , which is the poorest time of all .
I was left in the flat with the one other housemate who was stupid enough to get the cheapest flight back to Belfast with me .
We knew the electricity was running out so everything was off .
We had one of those card meters where you had to go to the local 24 hr garage and buy a card ( in valuee no less than £ 5 ) which you then slotted into the meter .
We had already pushed the " emergency " button which gives you about a day 's leccy but that had been 4 days ago ... ANYWAY , we gambled on a cup of tea at 4 pm one night and the twatting leccy cut off .
All we had between us were the coppers ( 2 p 's and 1 p's ) that were lying around the house .
We collected all these up and had £ 5.15 - in a pint glass , which we duely took to the garage and poured onto the counter in return for a card ... and 15 penny sweets .
Nice cup of tea though .
Apologies for length . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:30 , Reply
Sensible
I was once so poor that I could n't afford to feed anyone in my family , and both my parents died .
I got together with the other students in my village and we came up with a wacky scheme .
We sold my mate 's youngest sister to a man from the city and used the money to pay someone to smuggle us to England .
Now our financial problems are over !
It 's a pity the mental scars will never go away .
( , Fri 8
Oct 2004 , 12:26 , I was once so poor that I could n't afford to feed anyone in my family , and both my parents died .
I got together with the other students in my village and we came up with a wacky scheme .
We sold my mate 's youngest sister to a man from the city and used the money to pay someone to smuggle us to England .
Now our financial problems are over !
It 's a pity the mental scars will never go away . ( , Fri 8 Oct 2004 , 12:26 , Reply
Pages : Popular , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1
He said the launch is a " very big event .
This is the first presence of animals in space launched by Iran .
It 's the start of bigger achievements " to come .
Es ist wie ein schlimmer Tinnitus .
Ein nerviges Klingeln , das nie wieder aufhört .
Seit Monaten läuten Verleger und Privatsender ununterbrochen irgendwelche Alarmglocken .
Jeden
Tag beschwert sich irgendein Lobbyist wieder lautstark über irgendeine Ungerechtigkeit , beklagt irgendeine Ungeheuerlichkeit , kündigt Eingaben , Klagen , Proteste an .
Und jedesmal steht damit alles auf dem Spiel : Die Existenz von tausenden Arbeitsplätzen .
Die Zukunft des Journalismus .
Die Grundlage unserer Medienordnung .
Das Funktionieren der Demokratie .
Wenn morgen die Meldung käme , dass die Verlegerverbände jetzt mit Selbstmordanschlägen drohen , wenn nicht sofort alle tun , was sie sagen — ich wäre nicht überrascht .
Sprachlich sind die Eskalationsmöglichkeiten längst erschöpft .
WAZ - Geschäftsführer Christian Nienhaus hat eine Beschlussvorlage des NDR - Rundfunkrates , die dem Angebot tagesschau.de großen Bestands - und Entwicklungsschutz gewähren will , den „ größtmöglichen Super - GAU in der deutschen Medienpolitik der vergangenen 20 Jahre “ genannt ( und niemand verrät ihm , wofür das „ G “ in „ GAU “ steht ) .
Die Logik hat bereits vor einer Weile einen Ausreiseantrag aus der Diskussion gestellt , der offenbar jetzt genehmigt wurde .
Der Verlag Gruner + Jahr fordert , den Rundfunkstaatsvertrag zu ändern , weil der NDR die darin nach Ansicht des Verlages enthaltene Beschränkungen nicht versteht .
Das ist der eingesprungene Rittberger der Lobbyarbeit : Man behauptet einerseits , dass die gesetzlichen Vorgaben jetzt schon eindeutig sind und der NDR dagegen zweifelsohne verstoßen habe , und andererseits , dass die gesetzlichen Vorgaben verschärft werden müssen , weil sie nicht eindeutig sind , und tut so , als sei das gar kein Widerspruch .
Wenn man aus Verlogenheit Energie machen könnte , ließe sich dank dieser Debatte ein Atomkraftwerk abschalten .
Die Verlegerverbände fordern , dass endlich die Politik etwas tun muss .
Der oberste Zeitschriftenlobbyist Wolfgang Fürstner hat den niedersächsischen Ministerpräsidenten Christian Wulff gebeten , gegen die „ Pläne des NDR “ einzuschreiten .
Als aber Wulffs Hamburger Kollege Ole von Beust vorübergehend im Verdacht stand , das Vorgehen des Rundfunkrates gutzuheißen , maßregelte das „ Hamburger Abendblatt “ sofort den Politiker , er dürfe sich nicht in ein „ laufendes Verfahren “ einmischen .
Nun bin ich kein Experte dafür , was die richtige Strategie ist , um auf Politiker Eindruck zu machen .
Immerhin hatten die Verleger mit ihrer Kampagne für ein Leistungsschutzrecht bei der schwarz - gelben Koalition Erfolg , obwohl auch die fast ausschließlich auf die Strategie setzte , möglichst laut und langanhaltend zu brüllen , und bis heute niemand erklären kann , wie genau ein entsprechendes Gesetz aussehen soll und auf welche wundersame Weise es die Verlage retten würde .
Ich frage mich aber , welche Wirkung das ununterbrochene Geheule auf die interessierte Öffentlichkeit hat .
Die Verleger schlagen wild um sich wie ein Ertrinkender .
Die Botschaft , die sie damit aussenden , lautet :
Wir sind nur dann noch in der Lage , genügend Geld zu verdienen , um die Menschen vernünftig zu informieren , wenn alle Rahmenbedingungen zu unseren Gunsten verändert und jeder störende Konkurrent ausgeschaltet wird .
Die Geschäftsgrundlage ist offenbar so fragil , dass es schon tödlich sein kann , wenn es einem öffentlich - rechtlichen Anbieter erlaubt wäre , seine Inhalte auf einem beliebten Smartphone in etwas attraktiverer Form als bisher anzubieten .
Der Vorstandsvorsitzende der Axel Springer AG , Mathias Döpfner , hat ( mutmaßlich ) allen Ernstes die geplante „ Tagesschau “ - App für das iPhone mit dem Verlust von „ Tausenden Arbeitsplätzen in der Verlagsbranche “ in Verbindung gebracht und ist trotzdem nicht aus dem Land gelacht worden .
WAZ - Co-Geschäftsführer Bodo Hombach will in diesem Zusammenhang nun sogar anderen Verlagen das Geschäftsmodell vorschreiben und geißelt eine App der „ Financial Times Deutschland “ als Sünde , weil sie nichts kostet .
( Vielleicht hat ihm niemand gesagt , dass es sich beim konkreten Angebot nur um die Aufbereitung auch sonst frei verfügbarer Inhalte handelt und nicht etwa um eine Art E - Paper wie bei den kostenpflichtigen Apps von „ Bild “ , „ Welt “ und „ Spiegel “ . )
Es spricht nicht für den Glauben an die Einzigartigkeit und Hochwertigkeit der eigenen Produkte , wenn Verlagsleute den Eindruck erwecken , die Leser würden im Internet oder auf ihrem Telefon die erstbeste Gelegenheit nutzen , die kostenpflichtige Zeitung nicht mehr zu lesen , weil sie die „ Tagesschau “ umsonst kriegen .
( Was ja bisher auch schon so war , sich aber in zwei verschiedenen Medien abspielte . )
Rührend ist auch , wenn im Kampf gegen den Konzern Google , dem die Verleger die Einnahmen neiden , anklagend Studien zitiert werden , wonach sich ein größerer Teil der „ Google News “ - Leser damit zufrieden gibt , dort die Schlagzeilen zu lesen , und gar nicht mehr die eigentlichen Artikel der verlinkten Online - Medien anklickt .
Mit derart anspruchslosen Lesern werden Qualitätsmedien ohnehin kein Geld verdienen können — im Zweifel sind die auch jetzt schon zufrieden damit , einen flüchtigen Blick auf die Titelseite der Zeitung am Kiosk zu werfen .
Wenn ich das Getöse richtig verstehe , verhält es sich also ungefähr so : Die Verlage müssen von der ( ohnehin schon reduzierten ) Mehrwertsteuer befreit werden , Google muss verboten oder zur Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren verpflichtet werden , ARD und ZDF müssen das Internet verlassen , das Zitatrecht muss drastisch eingeschränkt , das kostenlose Anbieten von Informationen untersagt und die Gratis - Kultur im Internet insgesamt vernichtet werden — dann , ja dann könnten die Verlage vielleicht , möglicherweise , wenn das Wetter stimmt , in der Lage sein , auch in Zukunft Qualitätsjournalismus anzubieten , und womöglich sogar im Netz .
Sonst können sie für nichts garantieren .
Vielleicht merken Print - und Privatfernsehlobbyisten gar nicht , dass sie damit den öffentlich - rechtlichen Sendern eine neue Legitimationsgrundlage schaffen .
Denn wenn das Geschäft mit der Information für private Medien wirklich so schwierig ist , gibt es für den Staat zwei Möglichkeiten , um dafür zu sorgen , dass seine Bürger gut informiert werden .
Die eine ist die , alles dafür zu tun , um den Verlagen und Privatsendern das Leben zu erleichtern , in der Hoffnung , aber ohne Gewähr , dass es reicht .
Die andere ist die , die öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender zu stärken und ihnen ein Leben in der digitalen
Welt zu erlauben .
Man kann nicht oft genug referieren , wie das Bundesverfassungsgericht , das die deutsche Medienlandschaft mit seinen Rundfunkurteilen maßgeblich geprägt hat , den Begriff der „ Grundversorgung “ verstand , die ARD und ZDF zu leisten hätten .
Er geht davon aus , dass man sich u.a.
aufgrund ihrer Werbefinanzierung nicht darauf verlassen könne , dass die Programme der privaten Sender immer hohen Ansprüchen zum Beispiel an Meinungsvielfalt genügen .
Man dürfe die öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender deshalb nicht darauf beschränken , die jeweiligen Lücken zu füllen , die private Anbieter aus wirtschaftlichen Gründen hinterlassen , sondern ARD und ZDF müssten all das bieten , was eine Gesellschaft an Information , Bildung , Unterhaltung brauche — und wenn Private es schaffen , das zu ergänzen , ist es schön und wenn nicht , ist es nicht schlimm .
( Gegner von ARD und ZDF missverstehen den Begriff gerne als Minimalversorgung , das Schwarzbrot : Dokumentationen , Nachrichten , hochwertige Filme , die keiner guckt .
So ist er nicht gemeint . )
Ähnlicher Schindluder wird mit dem Begriff des „ Dualen Systems “ getrieben , insbesondere wenn angesichts wegbrechender Werbeerlöse der Privaten und konstanter oder gar steigender Einnahmen der Öffentlich - Rechtlichen beklagt wird , es sei aus dem „ Gleichgewicht “ geraten .
Aber die Idee dieses Dualen Systems war nicht , dass Öffentlich - Rechtliche und Private gleich stark sein sollen .
Die Idee war , die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen so auszustatten , dass sie uns auch dann gutes Fernsehen liefern , wenn die Bedingungen bei den Privaten einmal dafür nicht ausreichen .
Zu argumentieren , dass wenn die Privaten leiden , auch ARD und ZDF weniger kriegen sollen , ist bizarr — zeigt aber , wie sehr die Debatte nicht die Interessen der Zuschauer , sondern die der Privatsender im Blick hat .
Nun sind all diese Grundlagen maßgeschneidert für das Medium Fernsehen , dem ein außerordentlicher Einfluss auf die Zuschauer zugeschrieben wurde und dessen Verbreitung exorbitant teuer war , so dass große Macht zwangsläufig in den Händen weniger liegen würde .
Man kann mit gutem Grund fragen , ob dieses System angesichts der digitalen Revolution noch zeitgemäß ist .
Man könnte zum Beispiel fragen , ob ARD und ZDF im Internet noch benötigt werden , wenn Verlage , Privatsender und andere dort doch täglich beweisen , dass sie hochwertigen , vielfältigen Qualitätsjournalismus anbieten , der trotz seiner Abhängigkeit von Werbung keine Wünsche offen lässt .
Bis zur aktuellen Wirtschafts - und Werbekrise haben Verlage und Privatsender genau diesen Eindruck erweckt , um den Spielraum von ARD und ZDF im Internet gesetzlich so weit wie möglich einzuschränken .
Doch nun zeigt sich plötzlich , dass keineswegs klar ist , ob und wie sich guter Journalismus im Internet finanzieren lässt .
Damit bekommen die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen eine neue mögliche Legitimation auch für dieses Medium , genau genommen die alte : durch verlässlich und von allen gemeinsam finanzierte Medien eine umfassende Grundversorgung sicherzustellen , die eine rundum gut informierte Gesellschaft ermöglicht , selbst wenn die privaten Anbieter in schlechten Zeiten oder aus grundsätzlichen Problemen das nicht in befriedigendem Maße tun können .
Wohlgemerkt : Es sind die Verlags - und Privatsenderleute selbst , die diesen Eindruck gerade erwecken , dass sie unter den herrschenden Bedingungen nicht für Qualität im Internet bürgen können .
Springer - Chef Döpfner erregt sich darüber , dass die ARD ihre Nachrichten kostenlos iPhone - gerecht anbieten will und damit die Versuche seines Hauses erschwert , Inhalte auf verschiedenen Plattformen nur noch gegen Geld anzubieten .
Das ist aus seiner Sicht konsequent .
Natürlich wäre es für alle Verlage besser , wenn es niemanden gäbe , der journalistische Inhalte umsonst anböte , und alle Leser also gezwungen wären , dafür zu bezahlen .
Ich glaube nur nicht , dass das auch im Interesse der Gesellschaft wäre .
Wolf - Dieter Ring , der Präsident der Bayerischen Landesmedienanstalt , ist natürlich niemand , der im Verdacht steht , das Interesse der Gesellschaft im Blick zu haben .
Er spielt schon lange eine lustige Doppelrolle als Aufseher über die Privatsender und ihr Lobbyist .
Im vergangenen Herbst rief er die Verlage dazu auf , geschlossen auf Paid - Content - Konzepte zu setzen , und forderte von der Politik , die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen in Zaum zu halten : Kostenlose Angebote wie tagesschau.de unterliefen die möglichen neuen Erlösmodelle der Verlage im Netz .
Warum soll es gesellschaftlich erstrebenswert sein , journalistische Inhalte nur denen zugänglich zu machen , die dafür zahlen können ?
Inwiefern ist es gut , wenn Menschen ohne Geld schlecht informiert werden ?
Wäre es nicht gerade dann , wenn die Verlage ihre Online - Angebote kostenpflichtig machen ( müssen ) , erstrebenswert , ein kostenloses , aber dennoch zuverlässiges Angebot zu haben ?
„ Kostenlos “ ist natürlich der falsche Ausdruck , denn ARD und ZDF werden ja von uns bezahlt , aber Leute ohne Einkommen sind von der Gebühr befreit — eine solidarische , soziale Konstruktion , diese Rundfunkgebühr , die zudem dafür sorgt , dass nicht nur das produziert und finanziert wird , was eine Mehrheit sehen will .
Die Konkurrenten der öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender haben durchgesetzt , dass ARD und ZDF viele Inhalte aus dem Netz löschen müssen — und keineswegs nur zweifelhafte Angebote wie Kochrezepte oder Kontaktbörsen .
Seitdem sind diverse Leute in den Anstalten mit etwas beschäftigt , das den schönen Namen „ Depublizieren “ trägt .
Inwiefern dient es dem Gemeinwohl , wenn ARD und ZDF teuer produzierte Inhalte nur für eine begrenzte Zeit ( in der Regel sieben Tage ) zugänglich machen dürfen ?
Inwiefern ist es in meinem Interesse , dass Inhalte , die ich mit meinen Gebühren bezahlt habe , mir nur vorübergehend und nicht auf allen Plattformen angeboten werden ?
Eine der lächerlichsten Äußerungen im Zusammenhang mit der geplanten iPhone - Anwendung der „ Tagesschau “ war die der Springer - Pressesprecherin Edda Fels , die im vergangenen Advent pikiert formulierte : „ Wir gingen davon aus , dass die vorhandenen Gebühren schon nicht mehr zur Finanzierung des bestehenden Angebots ausreichen .
Deshalb wundern wir uns , dass im Vorfeld der geplanten Gebührenumstellung das Angebot sogar erweitert werden soll . “
Was wäre es für ein Quark , wenn die ARD erst teure Inhalte produzierte und dann an den im Vergleich lächerlich winzigen Kosten sparen würde , um diese Inhalte möglichst vielen Leuten möglichst bequem zugänglich zu machen ?
Wie sehr muss man die
Welt durch eine eigene PR - Brille sehen , um nicht zu merken , dass ein zickiges „ Ach dafür ist also noch Geld da ? “ völlig an der Realität vorbeigeht ?
Neben der iPhone - Anwendung ist ein Interview von tagesschau.de mit Kathrin Passig zum unwahrscheinlichen Symbol für den ungehemmten Expansionsdrang der Öffentlich - Rechtlichen geworden , der uns alle unter sich begraben wird .
Das nette Gespräch ( als bekennender Passig - Fan bin ich natürlich nicht objektiv ) lief nämlich nicht im Fernsehen und bezog sich auch auf kein bestimmtes Programm , sondern war einfach nur informativ , verstieß damit also gegen die nur in bestimmten Fälllen aufgehobene Pflicht von ARD und ZDF , im Internet ausschließlich sendungsbezogene Inhalte zu veröffentlichen .
Bei anderen Web - Formaten wie „ Deppendorfs Woche “ ( auf das ich persönlich gut verzichten könnte , aber das ist ja nicht die Frage ) umgeht die ARD diese Vorgabe dadurch , dass sie sie auch in einem ihrer Digital - Kanäle ausstrahlt .
Aber , Verzeihung , was ist das alles für ein Irrsinn ?
Was den Tinnitus , der über der Diskussion liegt , noch unerträglicher macht , ist die Parteilichkeit der Medien .
In vielen Redaktionen scheinen als Journalisten getarnte PR - Leute in eigener Sache zu arbeiten .
Bei „ Bild “ als Kampagnenorgan blieben natürlich als erstes die Fakten auf der Strecke .
Zur Zeit findet sie fast jeden Tag Platz auf ihrer Seite 2 für einen kleinen Bericht , in dem irgendein üblicher Verdächtiger ( im Zweifel auch nur der automatische Anrufbeantworter von Jürgen Doetz ) sagt , wie schlimm die iPhone - Anwendung ist .
Am vergangenen Montag reichte schon die Tatsache , dass , Zitat : „ eine FDP - Kommission für Internet und Medien sich am Wochenende einstimmig gegen die Einführung eines Apps ausgesprochen hat “ für eine größere Meldung .
Eine FDP - Kommission , holla !
„ Spiegel Online “ kämpft ebenfalls an vorderster Front .
Dort werden die öffentlich - rechtlichen Internetangebote schon seit Jahren bösartig als „ GEZ - Web “ oder „ GEZ - Netz “ bezeichnet .
Seit Monaten ergänzt „ Spiegel Online “ seine Artikel zum Thema mit einer Tabelle über die meistgenutzten deutschen Medienangebote , in denen ARD .
de mit 34,5 Mio Visits auf Platz 3 liegt und tagesschau.de mit 20,2 Mio Visits auf Platz 6 — was höchst irreführend ist , weil die tagesschau .
de - Visits in den ARD .
de - Visits schon enthalten sind .
ARD - aktuell - Chefredakteur Kai Gniffke hat das schon vor über sechs Wochen öffentlich moniert .
Irgendwann vergangene Woche muss „ Spiegel Online “ die Tabelle endlich korrigiert haben .
Klammheimlich , natürlich .
Nachtrag / Korrektur : Stimmt gar nicht .
Steht immer noch so da .
Leider hat auch die ARD noch nicht verstanden , dass es nicht nur ihre Pflicht ist , in eigener Sache ganz besonders korrekt zu berichten , sondern auch eine Chance darin läge , sich unangreifbar zu machen und von der Pro-Domo - Berichterstattung anderer Medien abzusetzen , wenn sie ihren Kritikern breiten Raum geben würde .
Die BBC demonstriert regelmäßig , wie das geht .
Über Kritik an der BBC kann man sich zuverlässig im Online - Nachrichtenangebot der BBC informieren .
Nicht so in Deutschland .
Dass die „ Tagesschau “ kürzlich aus Anlass des KEF - Berichtes anstelle eines journalistischen Beitrages einen PR - Bericht in eigener Sache sendete , war ein Skandal und nicht nur frech , sondern dumm .
Denn das muss man von den Öffentlich - Rechtlichen verlangen , wenn sie von uns viele Milliarden Euro jährlich bekommen :
Dass sich dieser Vorteil gegenüber der privaten Konkurrenz auch in entsprechender Qualität zeigt — und dazu gehört zu allererst vorbildlicher Journalismus .
Das einzig Gute an der hysterischen Debatte ist , dass sie sich langsam dem Kern der Auseinandersetzung nähert .
Früher haben sich die Konkurrenten von ARD und ZDF an irgendwelchen Kochrezept - Seiten und Kontaktbörsen der Öffentlich - Rechtlichen abgearbeitet .
Nun lenkt nur noch die scheinheilige Fixierung auf die iPhone - Application davon ab , dass die Verleger auch grundsolide Angebote wie tagesschau .de nicht hinnehmen wollen .
„ Tagesschau “ - Chef Gniffke hat Recht , wenn er schreibt :
Seit 15 Jahren gibt es tagesschau.de , seit vielen Jahren auch mobil .
Soll das jetzt zurückgedreht werden ?
Das wäre der Tod der Tagesschau auf Raten , da muss man kein Medienexperte sein .
Dann soll man aber offen sagen : Die Tagesschau soll weg , weil wir sie 60 Jahre nach Gründung der Bundesrepublik nicht mehr brauchen .
Diese Diskussion kann man ehrlich führen .
Aber sie hinter einer Diskussion um eine Tagesschau - App zu verstecken , damit habe ich ein Problem .
Kai Biermann hat es bei „ Zeit Online “ auf die schlichte , treffende Formel gebracht : Matthias Döpfner will die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen abschaffen .
Ich wünsche mir starke , freie Öffentlich - Rechtliche im Netz .
Ich glaube , dass sie der Qualität und der Vielfalt des Online - Journalismus gut tun können .
Und ich glaube , anders als offenbar die Verleger selbst , dass gute private journalistische Angebote trotz dieser Konkurrenz bestehen können .
Vor allem aber wünsche ich mir , dass dieser Tinnitus wieder weggeht .
Stupidest and most intellectually dishonest thanktanks and magazines alive ...
Brian Reidl :
Obama ’s Faith - Based Economics :
The idea that government spending creates jobs makes sense only if you never ask where the government got the money .
It did n’t fall from the sky .
The only way Congress can inject spending into the economy is by first taxing or borrowing it out of the economy .
[ 1]
No new demand is created ; it ’s a zero- sum transfer of existing demand ...
What Brian Riedl does n't seem to realize is that the only way he can get extra money to spend is by borrowing it or selling his assets .
In either case , the person he borrowed it from or sold his assets to no longer has the money to spend -- and so by Reidl 's " logic " any private - sector decision to spend more ( or less ! ) money does n't create ( or destroy ! ) demand : " it 's [ just ] a zero- sum transfer of existing demand . "
According to Reidl 's logic , no private decision to spend more or less can ever change the flow of existing demand : spending in the economy must always be a constant .
You have only to look at employment in America to understand that the claim that spending in the American economy is always a constant is simply and completely false :
According to Reidl 's logic , none of these fluctuations in the employment - to - population ratio ever happened .
He and his ignorant cohorts just close their eyes , plug their ears , and the more literate and well - read of them say : " Say ! Bastiat !
Say !
Bastiat ! Say ! Bastiat ! "
If we move from the fantasy - land of ignorant partisan hacks into the real world in which we live , the fact that economic actors get the cash they spend by selling their assets to others , borrowing from others , or taxing others does not mean that every decision to spend creates " no new demand ... [ is ] a zero-sum transfer of existing demand ... "
Reidl 's claim would be true if we lived in a pure cash - in - advance economy with a rigid technological velocity constraint -- if the only way you could buy things was by paying cash on the barrelhead immediately , if you could only spend your cash once every " market day , " and if you were forced on pain of confiscation to spend your cash every " market day . "
But we do n't live in such an economy .
We never lived in such an economy .
Even Gyges King of Lydia , inventor of coinage , did not live in such an economy .
And since we do n't live in a pure cash - in - advance economy with a rigid technological velocity constraint , everyone 's decisions to spend more or less contribute to or subtract from the flow of demand -- and the government 's decisions to spend more or less are just as good as anyone else 's , for it is just another economic actor ( albeit a rather large one ) .
This is a first - day - of - econ - 1 mistake ...
[ 1 ]
It can also get it by printing money -- but that 's not the issue here .
How past presidents have welcomed the Dalai Lama
How past presidents have welcomed the Dalai Lama , exiled spiritual leader of Tibet 's Buddhists , to Washington :
_ George H.W. Bush became the first president to meet with the Dalai Lama in 1991 , two years after the Tiananmen Square crackdown in Beijing .
The White House allowed no photos of the meeting .
_ Bill Clinton , seeking to reduce Chinese anger , avoided formal visits and instead dropped by the Dalai Lama 's meetings with other officials .
Republicans criticized him for not formally receiving the Dalai Lama .
First lady Hillary Rodham Clinton , now the secretary of state , also met with the Dalai Lama in the White House .
_ George W. Bush met several times with the Dalai Lama in private at the White House residence .
In 2007 , in a hugely symbolic moment , Bush broke with tradition and appeared in public with the Dalai Lama , personally presenting the monk with the Congressional Gold Medal in an elaborate ceremony .
In front of TV cameras and Washington 's most powerful lawmakers , the two men laughed and warmly greeted each other .
Bush urged China to invite the Dalai Lama for talks ; China was enraged .
Love a classic serving tray , whether for delivering drinks or the occasional breakfast in bed ?
Home design blog Apartment Therapy details how to make your own attractive serving tray by salvaging an old cupboard door .
Advertisement
The inspiration for the project :
While visiting a friend who was in the process of gutting her kitchen , we noticed a pile of cabinet doors stacked in the corner .
Before leaving , we grabbed a couple for a potential DIY project .
After researching some ideas , we thought a serving tray would be the perfect transformation for the old door .
Advertisement
Really all you need to tackle this project yourself is the hardware ( the repurposed cupboard door and some drawer handles ) , sandpaper , paint , and a little bit of time on your hands .
Beyond that , you 're imagination 's the limit in terms of how you want it to look .
How To Make a Serving Tray from a Salvaged Cupboard Door Home Hacks [ Apartment Therapy ]
Welcome to the UCI Knowledge Discovery in Databases Archive
This is an online repository of large data sets which encompasses a wide variety of data types , analysis tasks , and application areas .
The primary role of this repository is to enable researchers in knowledge discovery and data mining to scale existing and future data analysis algorithms to very large and complex data sets .
Creation of this archive was supported by a grant from the Information and Data Management Program at the National Science Foundation .
The archive is intended to serve as a permanent repository of publicly - accessible data sets for research in KDD and data mining .
It complements the original UCI Machine Learning Archive , which typically focuses on smaller classification - oriented data sets .
In addition to storing data and description files , we also archive task files that describe a specific analysis , such as clustering or regression , for the data sets stored .
The call for data sets lists typical data types and tasks of interest .
Contents
Citation Information
If you publish material based on databases obtained from this repository , then , in your acknowledgments , please note the assistance you received by using this repository .
This will help others to obtain the same data sets and replicate your experiments .
We suggest the following pseudo - APA reference format for referring to this repository :
Hettich , S. and Bay , S. D. ( 1999 ) .
The UCI KDD Archive [ http://kdd.ics.uci.edu].
Irvine , CA : University of California , Department of Information and Computer Science .
We also request that you send the citation information for your article to kdd ' @ ' ics.uci.edu .
If your article is available online and you provide us with a url , we will link the data set 's documentation to your file .
How to Donate Data and Task Files
We are always looking for additional data sets and task files .
Note that you may submit : ( 1 ) data and a description file , ( 2 ) a task file describing a particular analysis for a data set , or ( 3 ) both .
There may be multiple task files for the same data set and the author of a task file may be different from the data donor .
If you are in doubt as to whether a data set or task file would be of interest , please contact the librarian .
Donations may be made with anonymous ftp as follows :
ftp kdd.ics.uci.edu user name : anonymous password : your complete email address cd incoming put filename ( note : you will not be able to list the placed files ) bye send e-mail to kdd ' @ ' ics.uci.edu specifying the donated file (s ) .
Alternatively , you may provide us a web url and we will download the data .
If neither of these methods is suitable , please contact the librarian and we will arrange the transfer of data in the most convienent manner for you .
As many researchers use this archive , please carefully fill out a data documentation form when you submit data .
If you are submitting an analysis of data , please fill out a task documentation form :
data documentation guidelines ( a description of the data )
task documentation guidelines ( a description of the analysis task )
There are several sample files , which may help you fill out the documentation :
We prefer that the data have a standard format .
For multivariate data sets that can be represented by a table , please format the data to have one instance / example per line , no spaces , commas separated attributes values , and missing values denoted by " ? " .
For other types of data , use your best judgment .
Thank you for your donations .
David Newman ( librarian )
Since at least the days of Socrates , humans have been advised to " know thyself . "
And through all the years , many , including many personality and social psychologists , have believed the individual is the best judge of his or her own personality .
Now a psychologist at Washington University in St. Louis has shown that we are not the know - it - alls that we think we are .
Simine Vazire , Ph.D. , Washington University assistant professor of psychology in Arts & Sciences , has found that the individual is more accurate in assessing one 's own internal , or neurotic traits , such as anxiety , while friends are better barometers of intellect - related traits , such as intelligence and creativity , and even strangers are equally adept as our friends and ourselves at spotting the extrovert in us all , a psychology domain known as " extroversion . "
" I think that it 's important to really question this knee - jerk reaction that we are our own best experts , " says Vazire .
" Personality is not who you think you are , it 's who you are .
Some people think by definition that we are the experts on our personality because we get to write the story , but personality is not the story -- it 's the reality .
So , you do get to write your own story about how you think you are , and what you tell people about yourself , but there still is reality out there , and , guess what ?
Other people are going to see the reality , regardless of what story you believe . "
Personality , Vazire says , is pervasive in many things that we do -- clothing choice , bedroom arrangement , Web site and Facebook profiles , for example .
" Everything you touch you leave a mark of your personality , " she says .
" You leave traces unintentionally .
You give off hints of your personality that you do n't even see yourself . "
Vazire 's study is published in the February 2010 issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
Personality is comprised of the underlying traits that drive behavior , Vazire says .
The model she developed is called the self - other knowledge asymmetry ( SOKA ) model .
To test it she called upon 165 volunteers who were given a number of different tasks .
To obtain an objective measure of behavior , they took an IQ test ; they all participated in a group discussion called a leaderless group discussion to see who emerged as the take - charge individual ; and they took a Trier social stress test , in which trained experimenters with faux stern demeanors filmed participants in a narrow , cramped room , as they gave a two - minute public speaking exhibition on the topic of what I like and do n't like about my body .
A sweat - inducer for many .
Each participant also graded group members and him or herself on a 40 - trait personality rating form .
advertisement
Her model correctly predicted that self ratings would be more accurate for internal things , such as thoughts and feelings , sadness and anxiety , for example , than the ratings of friends and strangers .
" You probably know pretty well your anxiety level , whereas others might not be in the position to judge that because , after all , you can mask your inner feelings , " Vazire says .
" Others , though , are often better than the self in things that deal with overt behavior . "
The self has difficulty in accurately judging itself in areas that are desirable or undesirable , what she calls evaluative traits .
Intelligence , attractiveness , creativity are hard for the self to judge objectively because " there is so much at stake , meaning your life is going to be so much different if you are intelligent or not intelligent , attractive or not .
Everybody wants to be seen as intelligent and attractive , but these desirable traits we 're not going to judge accurately in ourselves . "
The self is better at judging friends ' intelligence than its own " because it 's not that threatening to us to admit that our friends are n't brilliant , but it 's more threatening to admit to ourselves that we 're not brilliant . "
Take attractiveness and your mirror .
" We look in the mirror all the time , yet that 's not the same as looking at a photo of someone else , " Vazire says .
" If we spent as much time looking at photos of others as we do ourselves we'd form a much more confident and clear impression of the other 's attractiveness than we would have of our own .
Yet after looking in the mirror for five minutes we 're still left wondering , ' Am I attractive or not ? '
And still have no clue .
And it 's not the case that we all assume that we 're beautiful , right ? "
For some personality traits , she says we miss the point if we look at thoughts and feelings and ignore the behavior .
Bullies , for instance , fit the SOKA model , because their thoughts and feelings tell them they 're insecure and want to be liked and admired , which is not a horrible , nasty notion .
They can not see their behavior as nasty and horrible , though , because their thoughts obscure their actions .
Similarly , if you think that you are warm and friendly , and your friends and family say even if you think along those lines , you do n't come across that way , you might pay more attention to your behaviors .
" I believe I 've presented evidence that should make people think twice , " Vazire says .
" On average , the people who know you best know you as well as you know yourself , no better , no worse than you .
More importantly , there are things that both you know that they do n't know , and things that they know that you do n't know , and those lead to very interesting experiences and disagreements . "
Blog about Food , Cooking , Technology , and the Recipe Puppy Search Engine
Ellipses are red ,
Spirals are blue *
But a heart - shaped ring galaxy ?
Have n’t a clue !
My name is Georgia Barrie and I ’m a Masters student at Oxford University .
I ’m currently working on a research project with Chris Lintott , attempting to explain the formation of the elusive ring galaxies .
Thanks to the work of Galaxy Zoo users , I am now in possession of the biggest catalogue of ring galaxies in the World .
Having looked through each of the three and a half thousand galaxies classified as rings by Galaxy Zoo users , I am lucky enough to have seen some of the weirdest and most wonderful galaxies in the Zoo .
Rings come in all shapes and sizes and over the next few weeks I will share with you some of the most beautiful , unusual and mystifying rings in our Universe .
As today is Valentine ’s Day I will start with this astounding heart shaped merger .
This beautiful object was first discovered by teckborg on July 26 2007 and was posted on the forums shortly afterwards by ALKA on August 14 .
It looks as though this galaxy is made up of two intertwined ring galaxies with one ring appearing to be red and the other appearing to be quite blue .
We ’ve calculated that this galaxy is about 600 million light years away but the formation of an object like this is , quite literally , a mystery .
For something as baffling as this we really need your help .
Today the Heart Galaxy is our featured merger and we need you to help us simulate how this incredible galaxy could be created .
To get involved go to the Galaxy Zoo Mergers site and , who knows , you may be the very person to solve this cosmic mystery !
If you want to hear more about the Heart Galaxy then I will be talking about this amazing discovery live on Monday ’s Breakfast Show , BBC Radio Oxford .
* The Galaxy Zoo team has just recently discovered a population of red spiral galaxies .
Click here to find out more !
UPROOTED : The Massive Destruction of The Salt Lake City Hurricane
Holding Our Breath : Can we stay safe with kids in school ?
Local Restaurant Owners Chime in on How COVID Has Impacted Their Businesses
UPDATES Oscar Spoilers , Part 1
The death of John Hughes last year touched Hollywood in a way that only a very small number of talent can .
In addition , Academy Of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences Tom Sherak and Oscarcast producer Bill Mechanic both worked with Hughes .
As did this year ’s hosts Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin .
So there was no way because of these personal connections they ’d relegate him to just a brief clip within the usual montage of people who ’ve passed .
( Not that the other dead people did n’t deserve their own tributes , too . )
Instead , the Oscars are planning a separate and special tribute to the writer - director - producer , complete with film and cast members .
Steve Martin , of course , did the classic Planes Trains & Automobiles with Hughes , while Baldwin made the less well received She ’s Having A Baby .
But I ’m surprised that Alec has such fond memories .
Years ago I did an interview with Baldwin , and he railed against Hughes for cutting most of his storyline from that pic .
But time heals all wounds , I guess .
Arrrggg : Open Source Users Are Pirates
US lobby group is trying to get the US government to consider open source as the equivalent to piracy i.e. if you use open source software you are a pirate and that makes you an enemy of the state .
However , US goverment does use FOSS based solutions .
The SELinux can be traced to several earlier projects by the U.S. National Security Agency , The drupal powers many US government sites including Obama administration Drupal based website .
Hollywood use Linux to create eye catching 3D movies .
American companies such as Sun , Redhat , Oracle , IBM , Google , and many others profits handsomely using FOSS .
From the guardian blog ( via slashdot ) :
ADVERTISEMENTS
US government to basically consider open source as the equivalent of piracy – or even worse .
What ?
It turns out that the International Intellectual Property Alliance , an umbrella group for organisations including the MPAA and RIAA , has requested with the US Trade Representative to consider countries like Indonesia , Brazil and India for its “ Special 301 watchlist ” because they use open source software .
What ’s Special 301 ?
It ’s a report that examines the “ adequacy and effectiveness of intellectual property rights ” around the planet – effectively the list of countries that the US government considers enemies of capitalism .
Well , this is shocking !
What do you think ?
AP Photo / Hannah Foslien
The Vikings lost four Super Bowls in the 1970s ... and have n't been back since .
The Vikings lost four Super Bowls in the 1970s ... and have n't been back since .
The Saints have never played in the Super Bowl .
The Vikings have never won a Super Bowl , but have lost four of them .
The Jets won Super Bowl III and have n't been back since .
And the Colts ?
They 're only trying to become the first team to finish 19 - 0 .
Throw in a New York market , the post - Katrina Saints , and two of the three biggest stars in football ( Peyton Manning and Brett Favre ) , and if your deciding categories were " suffering , " " tortured fan bases , " " mainstream interest " and " historical significance , " you could n't pick a more fascinating final four .
( I know , I know ... the Colts gave away their chance for 19 - 0 .
The opening paragraph just looked better the other way .
Sorry . )
So maybe it 's 94 percent as fascinating as it could have been .
I 'm still hooked .
For the first time I can remember , any conceivable Super Bowl matchup would be immensely fun for fans with no rooting interest in any of the four teams .
To wit ...
COLTS -SAINTS
Vegas odds : Even .
Enjoyable / poignant / fascinating subplots in play : New Orleans rebounds from Katrina . ... Manning versus Brees ( the best Super Bowl QB matchup since Favre - Elway ) .
... Archie Manning 's torn allegiances between Peyton and N'Awlins .
...
The success of Rita Benson and Jim Irsay ( two legacy kids who actually turned into good owners ) .
... Jim Caldwell 's attempt to become the third black coach of a Super Bowl champ , as well as the first dead one .
...
And obviously , can New Orleans win its first Super Bowl ever ?
Secretly coolest subplot :
For the first time since Super Bowl XVI ( San Fran giving 1 to Cincy ) , we 'd probably have a Super Bowl line that was less than 3 .
My guess would be Colts by 2½ , but if the Saints thrash Minnesota this Sunday , it might be close to a pick 'em .
A pick 'em !
Can you imagine ???
( Sign No. 357 that I have a gambling problem : I 'm waaaaaaaaaay too excited about the first - ever pick 'em Super Bowl . )
Potentially horrifying media day subplots :
Will anyone cross the Marvin Harrison line with a Colts player ?
Will anyone cross the Kim Kardashian / sex - tape line with Reggie Bush ?
Annoying subplot in play : Indy eschewing 19 - 0 ( and whether it was worth it ) .
This topic should have died three weeks ago .
I blame Skip Bayless .
Maybe it 's not his fault but I have n't blamed him for anything in a while .
Funniest subplot : South Beach being morbidly depressed that , instead of New York fans flooding in last minute to see the Jets , blue - collar Colts fans arrive for the second time in four years .
Would anyone like to book a half - price suite at the Delano ?
Anyone ?
Please ?
For the love of God , anyone ????
U.S. rooting breakdown : A national landslide for New Orleans , the likes of which we 've never seen for a Super Bowl .
Aside from Indiana residents , Volunteer fans , fans of Manning 's commercials and people wagering on the Colts , what normally impartial person would root against the Saints in this particular game ?
Really , you 're going to root against a city that was annihilated by a hurricane , then attached itself to a football team as part of the healing process ... only to see that same football team make a Super Bowl four - plus years later ?
Possibility of a memorable game : Exceedingly high .
COLTS -VIKINGS
Vegas odds : 5 - 2 .
Enjoyable / poignant / fascinating subplots in play : Brett Favre finds redemption .
...
Manning versus Favre ( the most marquee Super Bowl QB matchup since Bradshaw - Staubach ) .
... A week of Jared Allen ( he delights me for some reason ) .
...
Indy eschewing 19 - 0 ( and whether it was worth it ) .
... Jim Caldwell ( see above ) .
...
Has any coach ever looked more like the focus of a " Hoarders " episode than Brad Childress ? ...
And , obviously , can Minnesota win its first Super Bowl ever ?
Potentially horrifying media day subplot :
Will anyone cross the Marvin Harrison line or the " Brett , you 're 40 years old and improbably playing better than ever , how do we know you 're not using PEDs ? " line ?
Annoying subplots in play : Indy eschewing 19 - 0 ( and whether it was worth it ) .
... Brett Favre backlash ( look , the media is gonna make a big deal out of him , you know this , it 's a foregone conclusion , so just do n't read it or watch it ) .
...
If the Vikes keep this " Pants on the Ground " song going and inspires the " Pants on the Ground " Guy to show up for Super Bowl week ( I think he 's available ) .
Funniest subplot : I have four words for you : Minnesotans , Hoosiers , South Beach .
Saddest subplot : A Favre Super Bowl appearance with an original NFC Central team not named " Green Bay " would be the football equivalent of dropping an atom bomb on Wisconsin .
Polarizing , depressing , anger - inducing , bitter .
...
It 's going to elicit every crummy emotion a sports fan could have .
And if Favre hoists the Lombardi trophy , Packers fans are going to react like someone just bought them a treadmill : abject fear , horror and confusion .
U.S. rooting breakdown : A decade of media - gushing over Favre led to an unprecedented backlash in which fans root against him .
Not because they do n't like him , but because they can't stand listening / reading / seeing people gush about him .
Has that ever happened before ?
Nobody has ever had their game muted more times than Brett Favre .
He also turned others off with his retirement flip - flopping .
Tough one .
I say 60/40 Vikes .
Possibility of a memorable game :
Not so high .
I think Indy would roll in this one .
Favre outdoors against a fast defense ?
No thanks .
JETS -SAINTS
Vegas odds : 9 - 2 .
Enjoyable / poignant / fascinating subplots in play : New Orleans rebounds from Katrina . ... J-E- T- S Jets Jets JETS !!!!!!!! ... Without Brady / Favre / Manning overshadowing him , can Brees finally become a mainstream superstar ? ... Mark Sanchez trying to win the Super Bowl on the 30th anniversary of fellow Mexican - American QB Joe Kapp leading the Vikings to Super Bowl IV .
... A superb Sean Payton / Rex Ryan coaching matchup .
...
The possibility of a Larry David appearance ( he 's a huge Jets fan ) .
...
The chance to hear Rex Ryan say outlandish things for a week .
... Mike and the Mad Dog being unable to resist a one - hour reunion on Radio Row every weekday .
...
Two tortured fan bases that would have absolutely no idea how to react if they ever won a Super Bowl .
... Can Rex Ryan break " The Curse of the Fat Football Coach " and win a Super Bowl ? ...
And obviously , can New Orleans win its first Super Bowl ?
Annoying subplots in play :
Anyone who plays the " Jets started Spygate , brought down a Patriots dynasty and now they 're on top " card ( sorry , the two events are not related ) .
... George Lopez jumping on the Sanchize Bandwagon ( inevitable ) .
... Spike Lee .
Funniest subplot : Jets fans descending on Miami and turning South Beach into every outdoor boardwalk scene from " Jersey Shore . "
You lookin ' at me , bro ?
You better keep walkin ' , bro !
Keep walkin' !
Saddest subplot :
If the Jets won the Super Bowl , my playoff preview -- in which ( A ) I argued that the NFL was now a passing league and all the old rules were dead , ( B ) took numerous shots at the Jets and their Round 1 chances in Cincinnati , and ( C ) proceeded to go 0 - 4 -- would immediately become the single most embarrassing column in the " Sports Guy " archives .
And that 's saying something .
U.S. rooting breakdown : Saints , but not as much of a landslide because the Jets would be fairly big underdogs ( at least 6 - 8 points ) and people love pulling for upsets .
Possibility of a memorable game : High .
Good matchup for the Jets -- they could run on New Orleans , blitz the hell out of Brees and basically try to re-enact Super Bowl XXXVI ( only if it had a lower point spread ) .
JETS -VIKINGS
Vegas odds : 9 - 1 .
Enjoyable / poignant / fascinating subplots in play : Favre , Allen , Childress / " Hoarders , " Ryan / Fat Curse , Sanchez / Plunkett , J - E - T - S Jets Jets JETS !!!!!!!! ... Former Jets teammates being unable to resist taking shots at Favre . ... Darrelle Revis versus Sidney Rice . ...
The greatest matchup of uniform colors in Super Bowl history .
...
Seeing blast - from - the - past throwback jerseys all week in South Beach ( good ones like Al Toon , Sammy White , Joe Klecko , Tommy Kramer and the like ) ...
And , obviously , can Minnesota win its first Super Bowl ?
Potentially horrifying media day subplot that has n't been mentioned yet : Someone making a " Have you ever walked into a kitchen holding a 12 - pack and been ambushed by Chris Hansen ? " - type joke to Brad Childress , followed by Childress vaulting his podium and pummeling him .
Annoying subplots in play : Brett Favre backlash , " Pants on the Ground , " Spygate , Lopez ( see above ) .
Funniest subplot : Let 's say someone out there likes the Jets and Vikings .
I know , random .
But this person might exist .
Let 's say he bought a Favre / Jets jersey last season .
And let 's say he plans on attending Super Bowl XLIV while wearing that jersey .
Would n't that be the greatest moment in sports bigamy history ?
Saddest subplot :
That same sports bigamist getting pummeled to death by Jets fans after a gut - wrenching 24 - 20 loss .
U.S. rooting breakdown : Dead even .
With passion both ways .
Gotta love the anti-Favre demo on one side and the anti-New York demo on the other .
Possibility of a memorable game :
Off the charts .
Ca n't be calibrated .
Only a Bills - Vikings or Browns - Vikings Super Bowl would have more significant " Whatever happens , one of these two effed - up fan bases is coming away as a Super Bowl champion and there 's nothing we can do to stop it " potential .
The Jets , Bills , Vikings and Browns are the Mount Rushmore of effed - up NFL fan bases : 50 - plus years of history , lots of losing and misery , generations of fans and some particularly soul - crushing heartbreaks ( in my Levels of Losing 2.0 column , those three franchises probably nailed every level combined ) .
You can't root for any of these teams without having them infect your DNA in some way .
Being a Saints fan has n't exactly been a barrel of laughs , but there 's a spiritual optimism about them -- something tied to the festiveness of Bourbon Street , Mardi Gras and the city in general -- that was beaten out of the Jets / Bills / Vikes / Browns fans a long time ago .
Saints fans roll with the punches .
Jets / Bills / Vikes / Browns fans expect to get punched , contort their faces into a giant wince , wait for a punch that never comes , say to themselves , " Cool , I 'm not gonna get punched , it 's gonna be OK ! " ... and then they get clocked .
So having two of the Effed - Up Mount Rushmore teams as our Super Bowl matchup could potentially end the world as we know it .
CBS should promote it , " Super Bowl XLIV : We Know It 's Improbable , But Trust Us , Somebody Has To Win . "
Of course , if you flip to Page 281 of your Sports Can Never Be Quite As Fun As We Want It To Be Manual , you 'll notice Rule IV : " Any time there 's an incredible matchup looming , forces will usually conspire to make it NOT happen . "
Just in the past six years , we were robbed of a Red Sox - Cubs World Series in 2003 , a LeBron - Kobe finals in 2009 , the Nadal - Federer rematch at Wimbledon 2009 , Pacquiao - Mayweather I and Pats - Colts for the 2007 AFC title ( when the Pats were 17 - 0 ) .
Throw in the 9 - 1 odds and a Jets - Vikes Super Bowl does n't look so hot .
Whatever .
For once , the NFL final four does n't have a potential lemon .
Savor this weekend .
* * * * *
Programming note : I 'm skipping complete Round 2 Awards after a lackluster weekend of games .
You know those cool YouTube videos people make like " The Wire In Four Minutes " or " The Lost Plane Crash In Real Time " ?
Here are my Round 2 Awards in two paragraphs , using a format I 'm borrowing from my friend Wildes ( who likes to send winners / losers e-mails after any night out ) .
Winners : Heavy head coaches ; home - field advantage ; already working around the clock ; talented gamebreaker Reggie Bush randomly appearing out of nowhere like nothing ever happened ( shades of Buddy reappearing in " Hoosiers " ) ; the Shonn Greene trade ; the Sports Gal seeing Luke Wilson 's AT&T ad and asking in all seriousness , " Is that one of the Baldwins ? " ; Darrelle Revis ; Brad
Pitt being a few rubber bands and a ponytail away from looking like Capt .
Lou Albano ; the " every time America is backing the same team , pick the other one " theory ( two - for - two in the playoffs now ) ; TV Land for running " Cliffhanger " on what seemed to be a 24/ 7 loop ; my Twitter follower who said Shannon Sharpe 's suit was made out of a coffin lining ; Sidney Rice ; Brett Favre ; a fantastic " ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh - OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! " sound when Favre just missed connecting with Rice for their fourth TD ; Charlie Sheen jokes ; Kim Kardashian / luxury box jokes ; conspiracy theories ( like both Sunday winners from Round 1 being scheduled for Saturday Round 2 games so Indy and New Orleans would advance ) ; making my annual sentences you 'll never hear : " Did I ever tell you my wife was a former Punt Pass & Kick Champion ? " joke ; Tony Siragusa describing the clinching Saints TD with consecutive cliches ( " icing on the cake " and " wind out of their sails " ) ; the Nate Kaeding face ; Prince .
Losers : Nate Kaeding ; Nate Kaeding again ; field goal kicking as a whole ; any Cowboys or Chargers fan hoping for a new coach ; Moose Johnston 's tanning salon ; anyone looking like a fool with their pants on the ground ; the LaDainian Tomlinson era ; any announcer who thinks we have n't heard the " Romo grew up idolizing Favre " story ; Namath throwback jerseys ; TV Land for overediting the " season 's over , a******! " scene ( Michael Rucker 's greatest moment , other than every scene in " Henry : Portrait of a Serial Killer " ) ;
YouTube for pulling the " G******** Donald ! " clip ( of Manning chewing out Donald Brown mid-play while scrambling for his life ) ; my Year of Dallas theory ; onside kicks when you 're down three with a timeout and 2:20 left and you should kick away ; Larry Fitzgerald Sr. reaction shots ; Boston fans ; anyone who said the words , " You know , I 'm just not afraid to bet on Wade Phillips and Norv Turner anymore " ; the " Inside the NFL " commercial that made a reader wonder , " Why are they walking in slow motion like they 're about to prosecute war criminals ? " ;
Kurt Warner ; puppies ; God .
Great .
That was easy .
Almost as easy as giving a few bucks to hopeforhaitinow.org .
Time for the picks ( home teams in caps ) .
COLTS ( - 8 ) over Jets
Key Player : Peyton Manning .
I know , I know .
Boring pick .
But the Jets will blitz him from every angle , fake - blitz him , stunt , overstunt , overload and do everything else possible to coax " Happy Feet / Frustrated / Snapping At Receivers / Hurrying His Throws "
Manning out of hibernation .
They know the Manning Face is lurking in there somewhere .
It never officially retired .
I would have remembered that .
Possible Playoff Doppelganger : Steelers 23 , Ravens 14 ( Jan. 18 , 2009 ) .
Hard - hitting battle , closer than we thought , anyone 's game in the final five minutes .
And then the rookie QB playing on the road ( in this case , Joe Flacco ) threw a game - ending interception TD .
Yes , the Steelers covered .
Possible Tragic Figure : Braylon Edwards .
If this Jets team follows the prototypical Jets / Stomach Punch formula on Sunday -- raise the hopes , raise the hopes , raise the hopes , get the fans to believe , rope them in , PUNCH TO THE GUT !!!! -- then we need a defining play for that sequence .
You know , like Braylon beating someone deep and then muffing a long TD catch like he always does .
( That reminds me : Have you ever thought about the irony of Braylon being a wide receiver who can't catch ?
That has to be the only position in sports in which someone can lack the only crucial quality for the position but still make a good living .
He can run , he can block , he can knock guys over .
...
If he could only learn how to catch !
Um , what ?
Is n't it a yes - or - no thing ?
It would be like me having a column if I could n't type .
Thtt wlud eb ridcucclus . )
Possibly Relevant E-mail ( from John D. in Evansville , Ind. ) : " As I write this , the Jets are leading 14 - 7 late in the third quarter and are ' matriculating the ball down the field ' into Bengals territory .
The fact that you picked against them honestly amazes me , because you forgot about karma .
The Jets are destined to surprise everyone ( except a few of us who remembered karma ) by beating the two teams that laid down to allow them into the playoffs .
They will beat the Bengals , and they will beat the Colts .
Not because they are the better team , but simply because karma is a bitch . "
Hero You Might Not Have Expected : Jim Nantz !
Thought he nailed Colts - Chargers last Sunday and matched the excitement of the game .
This could be the year of Nantz -- three straight classic playoff games ( including the Super Bowl , hopefully ) , followed by John Wall 's Kentucky team dominating March Madness , and then a 2010 Masters with post - sex - addiction - clinic Tiger Woods that might get the first - ever 100 rating .
( By the way , how has there not been an HBO show about a sex addiction clinic yet ?
Why do we only get the Dr. Drew / VH1 / reality version ?
If I told you , " Sunday night , 10 p.m. , HBO , new series , sex addiction clinic , " that 's all you 'd need to know for DVR purposes , right ?
You would n't watch " Addicted To Love " ?
I do n't believe you . )
This Game as a " Jersey Shore " Plot : The Snooki-Situation hot - tub makeout session from the season finale .
In other words , " I can't believe we 're here , this can't really be happening , right ?
MY GOD ! WHAT IS GOING ON ??? ? "
And yes , the Jets are Snooki .
Possible Theories in Play : " Nobody believes in us ! " and " Beware of the Ganz Memorial ' I ... got shot ! "
Game ( for the Jets ) ; " Always check the QB matchups " and " If you pick the underdog , you better think they can win " ( for the Colts ) .
Probably a wash , unless you 're feeling like creating a " Year of Jersey " theory based on the resurgent Jets , the " Jersey Shore " phenomenon , the new football stadium opening up in September and the outside chance of LeBron and Bosh possibly signing with Mutant Russian Mark Cuban 's Nets .
( Hmmmmm .
Does Bruce have an album coming out this year ?
I 'm intrigued . )
Mitigating Factor : Remember last Saturday when Ed Reed picked off Manning and took off down the sideline , and it seemed like a giant momentum shifter , until Pierre Garcon came flying down the field after Reed and somehow poked the ball loose for a Colts recovery ?
That was the kind of play that happened during New England 's 2003 - 04 run : luck mixed with heart mixed with football savvy .
I loved those teams .
We had two of those plays every game .
Now the Colts are doing it .
Just like the 2003 - 04 Pats , they always find a way in the end .
Just like the 2003 - 04 Pats , people always seem to find reasons to pick against them .
Not me .
The Pick : Colts 24 , Jets 13 .
SAINTS ( - 3.5 ) over Vikings
Key Player : Favre .
I still do n't trust him and Childress under duress , on the road , against a quality team .
We have n't seen it once .
I just plowed through " Game Change " ( the new book about the 2008 presidential election ) ; there 's a story about the hours before a crucial debate when Obama noticed a nervous staffer , put his hand on her shoulder and said simply , " Do n't worry , I got this . "
Then he went out and nailed it .
But that 's what you want from your coach / QB combo on the road -- at least one " Do n't worry , I got this " guy .
Childress has never been that guy .
Favre ?
At home , yes .
On the road ?
Not for years .
We will see .
Possible Playoff Doppelganger ( if New Orleans wins ) : Arizona 32 , Philly 25 ( Jan. 18 , 2009 ) .
Weird that both 2010 title games could end up resembling the '09 title games .
But could n't you see a relatively wild game with lead changes , big plays , a few untimely brainfarts and the QB - coach combo ultimately falling short in the end ?
Possible Playoff Doppelganger ( if Minny wins ) : Atlanta 30 , Minnesota 27 ( Jan. 17 , 1999 ) .
Can I interest you in the Reverse Gary Anderson Game ?
Possible Tragic Figure : Jasper Brinkley .
Saints coach Sean Payton is a master of things like , " How can I make that rookie middle linebacker stand out like a sore thumb ? "
Relevant E-mail ( from Chris in Duluth , Minn . ) : " I 've been wondering why , as a diehard Vikings fan , I 'm still scared every single week that we are going to lose .
And I finally have an answer .
The Vikings are my brother 's ' 93 Mitsubishi 3000GT .
The regular season is like the test drive -- it ran smoothly , with only a few small kinks , and it looked damn pretty .
The owner mentions a few things that might be a problem , but my brother did n't care -- this car seemed perfect .
But every year , the playoffs are like the drive home , when the deal is done .
We end up on the side of the road , the front right wheel rolling across the highway median into oncoming traffic , leaving us to realize one thing -- we 've been duped .
Duped by lots of flash , flash that blinds us from the gaping problems that really existed .
Please tell me that this is n't going to happen this year .
Please ! "
Relevant E-mail ( from Veprek in Brooklyn , N.Y. ) : " In your podcast , you said you 're looking forward to a Jets - Vikes Super Bowl because they 're two long - suffering fan bases .
Saying that Vikes fans are suffering while ignoring Saints fans ' misery is like complimenting Keira Knightley 's chest while Christina Hendricks is in the room .
In our 42 - year history , we 've had 28 losing seasons , made the playoffs just seven times , and won a paltry three playoff games .
In just the years of misery I 've lived through , one Saints head coach said in a press conference that ' we suck , ' while another traded away an entire draft to sign a franchise RB who was an asocial pothead with hands too small to hold on to an NFL football .
Fans used to go to home games with their heads covered by paper bags with the word " Ain'ts " written on them .
And just for good measure , during the biblical flood that washed away a decent chunk of the city , our stadium became infamous for resembling a lower level of hell .
Please do n't ignore us Saints fans and the fact that we 're due .
You would n't ignore Christina , would you ? "
Hero You Might Not Have Expected : If Jabari Greer pulls a Darrelle Revis on Sidney Rice , say goodbye to the Vikings .
( By the way , I had a piece in my book about the greatest Sidneys of all time : Sidney Crosby , Sidney Moncrief , Sydney the Whore from " Melrose Place " and Sidney the Lawyer from " Midnight Run . "
Has n't Sidney Rice easily moved into the No. 5 spot this year ?
And what needs to happen for him to leapfrog Sidney the Lawyer and Sydney the Whore ?
A Super Bowl title ?
The Super Bowl MVP ?
Not bad for someone who went in the 59th round of my fantasy draft five months ago . )
This Game as a " Jersey Shore " Plot : The Ronnie - Sammi meltdown in the reunion .
Dramatic , memorable , eye - opening , stunning , uncomfortable , uber - tense .
... I 'm prepared for anything .
Just writing about this game makes me nervous .
Theories in Play : " Beware of ( a real ) home - field advantage " and " Always check the coaching matchups " for the Saints .
For the Vikings ?
They almost qualified for a new one , which I had tentatively called the " This Is Bigger Than All of Us " Corollary .
And then the rug got pulled out from under them .
I will explain .
Remember when I picked the Cardinals to make last year 's Super Bowl simply because Kurt Warner 's wife promised his kids a new puppy if they made it ?
When a Pakistani reader e-mailed me in all caps , " YOU CAN'T BET AGAINST GOD AND PUPPIES , " that 's all I needed to see .
It was bigger than all of us .
When Warner reneged on that promise during Super Bowl week , I still believe that 's why Arizona lost .
Fast - forward to this week :
When Brett Favre was singing the ridiculously enjoyable " Pants on the Ground " song from " American Idol " in a happy Vikings locker room last week , I had an epiphany :
They 'd sing it again in New Orleans , and then the " Pants on the Ground " guy would show up for the Super Bowl .
I tried to shake it off .
A few days later , Prince announced that he had written a Vikings fight song called " Purple and Gold , " telling a TV station that it happened on Monday night because " I saw the future . "
At this point , I was super - intrigued .
The " Pants on the Ground " guy teaming up with Prince ?
The Vikings were suddenly unstoppable !
This was bigger than all of us !
I was ready to pick them for the upset ... and then ... well ... I heard the song .
Are you kidding me ?
He could have changed the lyrics of " Darling Nikki " to " Darling Sidney " and it would have gotten the Vikes more fired up than " Purple and Gold . "
Quite simply , it 's the worst sports song ever made by someone who actually has talent .
Even worse , now he 's stolen the " Pants on the Ground " guy 's thunder and sent the Vikes back to square one , karmically .
Not since " Under the Cherry Moon " has Prince been responsible for something this indefensible .
I can't believe it .
A feel - good Vikings season may have been derailed by a guy who 's 5 - foot - 1 and probably can't throw a football 8 yards .
You could n't make this stuff up .
The Pick : Saints 34 , Vikings 27 .
Last Week : 3 -
1
Playoffs : 3 - 5
Regular Season : 133-116-5
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com .
For every Simmons column , as well as podcasts , videos and more , check out Sports Guy 's World .
His new book , " The Book of Basketball , " is now available .
This depends on what a person eats & on the indvidual .
the average person pass 's from 1 to 3 pints of methane daily .
I am still researching over all pruduction in kilo wats & will post apon completion .
Wild Bill Johnson w.b.johnson@hotmail.com
You may use the socket .
makefile method to use this file i/o approach for sockets .
Here ’s an example of defining , instantiating , writing , and reading a struct using file i/o :
protlib builds on the struct and SocketServer modules in the standard library to make it easy to implement binary network protocols .
It provides support for default and constant struct fields , nested structs , arrays of structs , better handling for strings and arrays , struct inheritance , and convenient syntax for instantiating and using your custom structs .
You may download older versions of protlib and view older versions of the protlib documentation here .
You may also check out the development version of protlib with this command :
You may click here to download protlib .
You may also run easy_install protlib if you have EasyInstall on your system .
The project page for protlib in the Cheese Shop ( aka the Python Package Index or PyPI ) may be found here .
protlib is free under the BSD license .
It requires Python 2.6 or later and has no other dependencies .
Because protlib supports Python 3 , the code snippets in this documentation are copied from a Python 3 interpreter .
then the order of the x and y fields is undefined since they share the same CInt instance .
In this second case , a CWarning will be triggered , but the first case is not automatically detected by the protlib library .
then when you serialize your struct , the y field will come before the x field because its CInt value was instantiated first .
Similarly , if you say
The order of struct fields is defined by the order in which the CType subclasses for those fields were instantiated .
In other words , if you say
Returns a list of the CType objects which define the fields of this struct in the order in which they were declared .
Returns an objects which may be used to declare a CStruct as a field in another CStruct .
This accepts the same default and always parameters as the CType constructor .
For example :
When you assign a value to one of a struct ’s fields , protlib converts the value to the proper data type , according to the data type .
For example :
Returns the packed binary data representing this CStruct .
This is what should be written to files and sockets .
Accepts a string or file - like object and returns an instance of this CStruct drawn from that data source .
Returns the size of the packed binary data needed to hold this CStruct .
This method takes no arguments on a fixed - size struct , but if any of this struct ’s fields has a variable length , this method will throw an exception if called with no arguments .
You can pass an instance of this CStruct to get the size of that particular instance , for example :
This should never be instantiated directly .
Instead , you should subclass this when defining a custom struct .
Your subclass will be given a constructor which takes the fields of your struct as positional and / or keyword arguments .
However , you do n’t have to provide values for your fields at this time .
For example :
Arrays may either be given default / always values themselves or use the default / always values of the CType they are given .
For example :
You can make an array of any CType .
Arrays pack and unpack to and from Python lists .
For example :
This code works in both Python 2 and Python 3 and demonstrates the three methods you can override to define your custom parsing and serialization :
Some projects might require you to write custom parsing and serializing code ; protlib makes this easy by allowing you to subclass CType classes .
Here ’s an example , which you can find in examples / ctype_subclassing / testing.py :
Because protlib is built on top of struct module , each basic data type in protlib uses a struct format string .
The list of struct format strings is here and the protlib types which use them are listed below .
These sizes are constant on all processor architectures by default , but this will change if you change the value of protlib .
BYTE_ORDER
Serializes the value according to the specific CType class .
Note that this takes no argument when called on a CStruct instance .
Note that this is a classmethod on subclasses of CStruct .
Accepts either a string or a file - like object ( anything with a read method ) and returns a Python object with the appropriate value .
The format string used by the underying struct module to represent the packed binary data format .
Note that this is a classmethod for subclasses of CStruct .
The size of the packed binary data representing this CType .
Note that this is a classmethod for subclasses of CStruct .
During handling of the above exception , another exception occurred :
Some unicode character encodings commonly contain null bytes , which makes it inadvisable to use those encodings with an AUTOSIZED string .
For example :
warn ( " CUnicode value has length {0} and was told to serialize an encoded string of length { 1} { 2!r}" .format(self.real_length(cstruct ) , len( encoded ) , encoded ) , CWarning )
/home/eli/protlib/env3/lib/python3.1/site-packages/protlib-1.4-py3.1.egg/protlib.py:384 : CWarning : CUnicode value has length 5 and was told to serialize an encoded string of length 6 b' andr\xc3\xa9 '
The length parameter of the CUnicode class indicates the max length of the raw serialized bytes of the CUnicode field .
It does not indicate the number of unicode characters .
For example , a 5 - character unicode string might serialize to more than 5 bytes :
During handling of the above exception , another exception occurred :
enc_errors :
This optional parameter is only valid for CUnicode objects .
It defined how errors are handled , e.g. by being passed as the errors argument to the errors argument to the unicode builtin .
If omitted , it defaults to “ strict ” .
For example :
encoding :
This is required for CUnicode objects but invalid for all other types .
It specifies the encoding to use when translating to and from unicode and raw bytes .
For example :
full_string :
Unlike the struct module , protlib right - strips strings when they ’re parsed , starting with the first null byte .
This default behavior can be overridden by setting this parameter to True .
For example :
default :
Like the always parameter , except that no warnings are raised when a different value is parsed or serialized .
Also , a default parameter may be either a value or a callable object .
For example :
warn ( " {0} .{1} should always be { 2 !r} but was given a value of { 3!r}" .format(self.__class__.__name__ , name , field .
always , value ) , CWarning )
/home/eli/protlib/env3/lib/python3.1/site-packages/protlib-1.4-py3.1.egg/protlib.py:733 : CWarning : OriginPoint.x should always be 0 but was given a value of 5
warn ( " {0} .{1} should always be { 2 !r} but was given a value of { 3!r}" .format(self.__class__.__name__ , name , field .
always , value ) , CWarning )
/home/eli/protlib/env3/lib/python3.1/site-packages/protlib-1.4-py3.1.egg/protlib.py:733 : CWarning : OriginPoint.x should always be 0 but was given a value of 5
always :
Use this to set a constant value for a field .
You wo n’t need to specify this value , and a CWarning will be triggered if this field is ever assigned a different value .
For example :
length :
Only valid for the CString , CUnicode , and CArray data types , for which it is required .
This may be one of three things : an integer which represents the length of the string ; the special value protlib .
AUTOSIZED , which indicates that the string is null - terminated and can be any size ; or a string denoting the field where the actual length value may be found .
For example :
This is the root class of all classes representing C data types in the protlib library .
It may not be directly instantiated ; you must always use one of its subtypes instead .
There are five optional keyword arguments which you may pass to a CType :
Protocol Handlers ¶
protlib also provides a convenient framework for implementing servers which receive and send CStruct objects .
This makes it easy to implement custom binary protocols in which structs are passed back and forth over socket connections .
This is based on the SocketServer module in the Python standard library .
In order to use these examples , you must do only two things .
First , make sure that each struct which represents a message begins with a constant value which uniquely identifies that struct .
Second , define a subclass of the appropriate handler class , either TCPHandler or UDPHandler , and define a handler method for each message type you wish to respond to .
An example client / server ¶
Let ’s walk through a simple example .
We ’ll define several structs to represent geometric concepts : a Point , a Vector , and a Rectangle .
Each of these structs is a message which can be sent between the client and server .
We ’ll also define a variable - length message called PointGroup , which demonstrates using variable - length arrays .
Note that first field in each of these messages is a constant value that uniquely identifies the message .
This entire example can be found in the examples / geocalc directory .
Here ’s the common.py file , which is imported by both the server.py and client .
py programs : import logging logging .
basicConfig ( level = logging .
INFO ) from protlib import * SERVER_ADDR = ( " 127.0.0.1 " , 32123 ) class Point ( CStruct ) : code = CShort ( always = 1 ) x = CFloat ( ) y = CFloat ( ) class Vector ( CStruct ) : code = CShort ( always = 2 ) p1 = Point . get_type ( ) p2 = Point . get_type ( ) class Rectangle ( CStruct ) : code = CShort ( always = 4 ) points = CArray ( 4 , Point ) class PointGroup ( CStruct ) : code = CShort ( always = 3 ) count = CInt ( ) points = CArray ( " count " , Point )
For our server , we define a handler class with a handler method for each message we wish to accept .
The name of each handler method should be the name of the message class in lower case with the words separated by underscores .
For example , the Vector class is handled by the vector method , and the PointGroup class is handled by the point_group method .
Each of these handler methods takes a single parameter other than self which is the actual message read and parsed from the socket .
Here ’s the server .py file which uses our subclasses of the SocketServer module classes to accept and handle incoming messages : from math import sqrt from common import * class Handler ( TCPHandler ) : LOG_TO_SCREEN
=
True def vector ( self , v ) : " " " returns the mid-point of the line segment " " " return Point ( x = ( v . p1 . x + v . p2 . x ) / 2 , y = ( v . p1 . y + v . p2 . y ) / 2 ) def rectangle ( self , r ) : " " " returns the endpoint closest to the origin " " " dists = [ ( sqrt ( p . x ** 2 + p . y ** 2 ) , p ) for p in r . points ] return min ( dists ) [ 1 ] def point_group ( self , pg ) : " " " returns a rectangle which encompasses all points in the group " " " xmin = min ( p .
x for p in pg .
points ) xmax = max ( p .
x for p in pg .
points ) ymin = min ( p .
y for p in pg .
points ) ymax = max ( p .
y for p in pg .
points ) return Rectangle ( points = [ Point ( x = xmin , y = ymin ) , Point ( x = xmin , y = ymax ) , Point ( x = xmax , y = ymin ) , Point ( x = xmax , y = ymax ) ] ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : LoggingTCPServer ( SERVER_ADDR , Handler ) .
serve_forever ()
To test this server , we have a simple client which sends a series of messages to the server and then reads back the responses , logging everything with our protlib .
Logger class .
Here ’s our client .
py script : import socket from random import randrange from common import * def rand_point ( ) : return Point ( x = randrange ( 100 ) , y = randrange ( 100 ) ) logger = Logger ( also_print = True ) parser = Parser ( logger ) sock = socket .
create_connection ( SERVER_ADDR ) f = sock .
makefile ( " rwb " , 0 ) vec = Vector ( p1 = rand_point ( ) , p2 = rand_point ( ) ) logger .
log_and_write ( f , vec ) pt = parser .
parse ( f ) assert vec .
p1 . x < pt . x < vec .
p2 . x or vec .
p1 . x > pt . x > vec .
p2 . x assert vec .
p1 . y < pt . y < vec .
p2 . y or vec .
p1 . y > pt . y > vec .
p2 . y rect = Rectangle ( points = [ Point ( x = 1 , y = 1 ) , Point ( x = 1 , y = 5 ) , Point ( x = 5 , y = 1 ) , Point ( x = 5 , y = 5 ) ] ) logger .
log_and_write ( f , rect ) pt = parser .
parse ( f ) assert pt .
x == pt .
y == 1 points = [ rand_point ( ) for i in range ( 10 ) ] logger .
log_and_write ( f , PointGroup ( count = 10 , points = points ) ) rect = parser .
parse ( f ) assert rect .
code == Rectangle .
code .
always sock .
close ()
Our server does all of our logging automatically , but we need to manually invoke the logger on the client .
The logs created and their format are explained below .
Logging¶ protlib uses the logging module to provide 5 different logs , each with their own suffix : hex , raw , struct , error , and stack .
By default , the prefix of these logs will be the name of the current script .
A RotatingFileHandler is created for each of these logs if no handlers already exist when the logs are first accessed by protlib .
For example , if you ’re running the script server .py then these will be the log names , log file names , logging level used for the log messages , and type of messages written to each log : log name default filename level messages server .
hex server .
hex_log DEBUG nicely formatted hex dumps of the binary data sent and received server.raw server.
raw_log INFO
Python string literals of the binary data sent and received server .
struct server .
struct_log
WARNING literal representations of each struct sent and received server.error server.error_log ERROR error messages server .
stack server.stack_log CRITICAL stack traces of uncaught exceptions thrown by handler methods Each log message generated by one of our protocol handlers contains a unique identifier which indicates the binary protocol message received .
This makes it easy to match the log messages in the different files to one another , since this unique message identifier will be present in each of the 5 logs .
Log examples ¶
Here ’s a description of each log : struct
This contains the literal representation of each request and response , for example : 2010-03-15 18:54:07,664 : ( 1268693647_0 ) received Vector ( code=2 , p1=Point ( code=1 , x=39.0 , y=41.0 ) , p2=Point( code=1 , x=93.0 , y=13.0 ) ) 2010-03-15 18:54:07,664 : ( 1268693647_0 ) sending Point ( code=1 , x=66.0 , y=27.0 )
This is convenient because the structs are logged with the Python code which represents them .
Therefore we can paste them directly into a Python command prompt to inspect and play around with them : >>> from common import * >>> p = Point ( code = 1 , x = 66.0 , y = 27.0 ) >>> p Point ( code=1 , x=66.0 , y= 27.0 ) raw ¶
This contains the raw data in the form of a Python string of each request and response , for example : 2010-03-15 18:54:07,664 : ( 1268693647_0 ) sending b'\x00\x01B\x84\x00\x00A\xd8\x00\x00 ' 2010-03-15 18:54:07,667 : ( 1268693647_1 ) received b'\x00\x04\x00\x01?\x80\x00\x00?\x80\x00\x00\x00\x01?\x80\x00\x00@\xa0\x00\x00\x00\x01@\xa0\x00\x00?\x80\x00\x00\x00\x01@\xa0\x00\x00@\xa0\x00\x00 '
This is convenient because we can paste these strings into a Python command prompt and play around with them .
If they are valid then we can parse them into structs , and if they are n’t then we can examine exactly why ; this log will always contain what we receive even in the case of unparsable binary data : >>> from common import * >>> s = b ' \x00\x01 B \x84\x00\x00 A \xd8\x00\x00 ' >>> p = Point . parse ( s ) >>> p Point ( code=1 , x=66.0 , y=27.0 ) >>> >>> s = b " bad " >>> p = Point . parse ( s ) >>>
Point .
parse ( s ) Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
File " protlib.py " , line 230 , in parse return cls .
get_type ( cached = True ) . parse ( f ) File " protlib.py " , line 141 , in parse raise CError ( " {0} requires { 1} bytes and was only given { 2 } ( { 3!r} ) " .
format ( self .
subclass .
__name__ , self .
sizeof , len ( buf ) , buf ) ) protlib .
CError : Point requires 10 bytes and was only given 3 ( ' bad ' ) >>> >>> s = b " invalid but with enough data " >>> p = Point . parse ( s ) ../../ protlib.py :526 : CWarning : Point.code should always be 1 but was given a value of 26990 warn ( " {0} .
{1} should always be { 2 !r} but was given a value of { 3!r}" .format(self.__class__.__name__ , name , field .
always , value ) , CWarning ) >>> p Point( code=26990 , x=1.1430328245747994e+33 , y=1.1834294514326081e+22 ) hex ¶
This contains nicely - formatted tables of the binary data sent and received in hexadecimal notation .
For example : 2010-03-15 18:38:50,978 : ( 1268692730_0 ) received 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 0 00 02 00 01 42 30 00 00 8 42 74 00 00 00 01 42 aa 16 00 00 42 18 00 00 error ¶
This contains messages for common errors , such as when a message is too short , or when we have no handler to match a message we ’ve received , etc .
These messages contain as much information as possible to help reconstruct the problem , which usually includes the raw data involved ( also present in the raw log ) .
stack ¶
This contains stack traces from exceptions thrown in your handler methods .
Logger objects ¶
Although logging is performed automatically when using SocketServer classes , you may find it useful to instantiate your own logger objects , then manually make use of the 5 logs listed above .
Use this object to do that ; note that this class uses but does not inherit from the logging .
Logger class .
class Logger ( [ prefix [ , also_print =False ] ] ) ¶
A logging object which uses the 5 logs listed above .
Parameters : prefix – Pass a string as this parameter to replace the default prefix ( which is the name of the script being executed ) .
For example , if you pass the string " foo " as this parameter , then your logs will be named foo.hex , foo.raw , etc .
– Pass a string as this parameter to replace the default prefix ( which is the name of the script being executed ) .
For example , if you pass the string as this parameter , then your logs will be named , , etc. also_print – whether to also print log messages to the screen log_struct ( inst [ , trans_type= " received " ] ) ¶
Logs the repr of an instance of a CStruct subclass to the struct log .
Parameters : inst – the instance of the struct to be logged
– the instance of the struct to be logged trans_type – a prefix to the log message , generally this should be either " sending " or " received " log_binary ( data [ , trans_type= " received " ] ) ¶
Logs the repr of the packed binary data to the raw log , then logs a nicely formatted table of thje data to the hex log .
Parameters : data – the packed binary data , such as what ’s produced by calling s.serialize ( ) on an instance of a CStruct subclass
– the packed binary data , such as what ’s produced by calling on an instance of a subclass trans_type – a prefix to the log message , generally this should be either " sending " or " received " log_error ( message , *args , ** kwargs ) ¶
Logs the message to the error log .
The message parameter should be a string , and the *args and ** kwargs to this method are used as the parameters to str.format log_stacktrace ( ) ¶ Logs the value of traceback.format_exc ( ) to the stack log .
log_and_write ( f , data ) ¶
Logs a string or CStruct instance to the appropriate logs , then writes it to a file .
Parameters : f – a file object to which data will be written
– a file object to which data will be written message – a string or CStruct instance Advanced logging ¶
As mentioned above , protlib automatically sets up a RotatingFileHandler when you instantiate protlib .
Logger on each of the 5 logs for which no other logging handlers are defined .
Because protlib uses the logging module from the standard library , you can use your own configuration , handlers , formatters , etc .
This is demonstated by the following example , which is included as the file examples / custom_logging / testing .py , although you ’ll need to replace the string " smtp.example.com " with a valid outgoing mail server for the code to run properly .
import sys import time import logging from logging .
handlers import SMTPHandler , TimedRotatingFileHandler from protlib import * class Point ( CStruct ) : code = CShort ( always = 0x1234 ) x = CInt ( ) y = CInt ( ) logging .
basicConfig ( level = logging .
DEBUG ) trfh = TimedRotatingFileHandler ( " testing.rotating_log " , " s " , 1 ) logging .
getLogger ( " testing.hex " ) .
addHandler ( trfh ) logger = Logger ( ) parser = Parser ( logger ) smtp = SMTPHandler ( " smtp.example.com " , " bugs@example.com " , [ " eli@example.com " ] , " Stack Trace " ) logging .
getLogger ( " testing.stack " ) .
addHandler ( smtp ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : with open ( " point.dat " , " w " ) as f : p1 = Point ( x = 5 , y = 6 ) logger .
log_and_write ( f , p1 ) time .
sleep ( 2 ) with open ( " point.dat " ) as f : p2 = parser .
parse ( f ) try : Point ( x = " not an integer " ) except CError : logger .
log_stacktrace ()
Here ’s an explanation of the customizations made to our logging :
The logging level is set to logging .
DEBUG , which differs from the default value of logging .
WARNING .
, which differs from the default value of .
We use a TimedRotating FileHandler for our hex log .
Because we add this handler before instantiating protlib .
Logger , this handler is used instead of the default RotatingFileHandler .
log .
Because we add this handler instantiating , this handler is used the default .
We use a SMTPHandler for our stack log .
Because we add this handler after instantiating protlib .
Logger , this is used in addition to the default RotatingFileHandler .
Protocol Handler Classes ¶
As mentioned above , you should always have your protocol classes extend either the TCPHandler or UDPHandler class , depending on what type of SocketServer you ’re using .
Each of these classes inherits from ProtHandler , and you may use these methods and fields to affect the behavior of your custom protocol handlers : class ProtHandler ¶
The user does not instantiate this class or any of its subclasses directly .
Instead , you declare your own handler class which subclasses either TCPHandler or UDPHandler , which are themselves subclasses of ProtHandler .
They also extend the StreamRequestHandler and DatagramRequestHandler classes of the SocketServer module , respectively .
This class also inherits from the protlib .
Logger class , so you can call the log functions listed above from your handler methods by simply calling self.log_stack ( ) , self.log_error ( " Boo ! " ) , etc. STRUCT_MOD ¶
By default , your handler will detect all messages present in the same module where the handler class itself is defined .
So you can either define your handler in the same module where your structs are defined , or you can import those structs into the handler ’s module .
This is the recommended way to integrate your handlers with your struct definitions .
However , you may instead set the STRUCT_MOD field to the module where the structs are declared .
( Technically this can be anything with __dict__ and __name__ fields . )
You may also set this to a string which is the name of the module where they are declared .
For example : import module_with_structs class SomeHandler ( TCPHandler ) : STRUCT_MOD = module_with_structs
# handler methods would go here class AnotherHandler ( UDPHandler ) : STRUCT_MOD = " module_with_structs " # handler methods would go here LOG_TO_SCREEN ¶
This is False by default , but if set to True , every log message will be printed to the screen in addition to being written to the appropriate log .
LOG_PREFIX ¶ Changes the prefix of each log from the name of the current script to whatever is specified .
For example , if you set the LOG_PREFIX to " foo " , then your logs will be foo.hex , foo.raw , etc .
These attributes are best set where your custom handler class is defined , for example : class Handler ( TCPHandler ) : LOG_TO_SCREEN
= True LOG_PREFIX = " unified " # handler methods would go here raw_data ( data ) ¶
This is the default handler for any message for which no struct has been defined .
By default this logs an error message and sends no reply .
Override this if you wish to have your own handler for unclassified binary messages ; the data parameter is a string containing the binary data of the message .
reply ( data ) ¶
Anything you return a handler method is sent back to the client , whether it ’s a struct or just binary data in a string .
However , sometimes you may need to send multiple messages back to the client .
You can manually concatenate the binary data strings , or you can use the reply method , for example : class RepeatRequest ( CStruct ) : code = CShort ( always = 1 ) name = CString ( length = 25 ) repititions = CInt ( ) class Handler ( TCPHandler ) : def repeat_request ( self , rr ) : for i in range ( rr . repititions ) : self .
reply ( b " Hello " + sm . name + b " !
" ) class LoggingTCPServer ( addr , handler_class ) ¶ class LoggingUDPServer ( addr , handler_class ) ¶
These classes extend the TCPServer and the UDPServer classes from the SocketServer module , respectively .
There are only two differences between these and their parent classes :
The allow_reuse_address field is set to True for these classes .
When your protocol handler is used with one of these classes , the logging level of the default RotatingFileHandler objects is set to INFO .
When it ’s used with other classes , it ’s set to CRITICAL + 1 .
Note that this is the level of the handlers , which is independent of the level of the loggers themselves , as explained here .
So basically , using these classes simply provides sensible default settings for your logs and sockets .
class Parser ( [ logger [ , module ] ] ) ¶
If you know what struct you want , then you can use the CStruct .
parse classmethod to read an instance of that struct from a file , e.g. p = Point.parse ( f ) .
However , in some cases you want to read some data from a file or socket but are n’t sure what message is coming across .
This class ’s parse method figures out which message is being read and returns an instance of the correct struct .
Parameters : module – This is exactly the same as the ProtHandler .
STRUCT_MOD field ; if present then it indicates which module contains the struct classes you want to use .
If omitted , then the module where this class is instantiated is used .
– This is exactly the same as the field ; if present then it indicates which module contains the struct classes you want to use .
If omitted , then the module where this class is instantiated is used .
logger – The instance of the Logger class to use to perform logging .
If omitted , the logging level of each default RotatingFileHandler will be CRITICAL + 1 . parse ( f ) ¶
This method accepts a string or file and returns an instance of the struct it reads from that string / file .
If the data it finds cannot be parsed into a struct , then it just returns all of the data it is able to read .
This may be an empty string if no data is available .
Any data returned will be written to the appropriate logs .
None will be returned in the case of an incomplete message .
In this case a message will be written to the error log .
Wild chimpanzees have been observed carrying out a “ fire dance ” in front of grassland wildfires as part of a suite of unusual behaviours that could indicate an ability of man ’s closet living relative to understand and even control fire .
Instead of fleeing the wildfires in panic , the chimps were seen to monitor them carefully , showing no signs of the fear that other animals normally exhibit .
Their leader – the alpha male – was even observed performing a ritualistic display while facing the flames .
The observations could shed light on when our human ancestors first controlled fire – a key stage in human evolution .
Scientists said that if chimps are able to understand the nature of fire then the same could have been true for the small - brained , ape - like ancestors of humans that lived millions of years ago .
Jill Pruetz , an anthropologist at Iowa State University in Ames , said that she observed the fire - dancing behaviour a couple of times in a group of chimps living in a savannah region at Fongoli in Senegal where wildfires often occur towards the end of the dry season .
“ I saw it a couple of times in 2006 and I was really surprised at how good the chimps were at predicting the behaviour of fire .
These were basically fires that occur at the end of the dry season and they can burn very hot and can move very fast , ” Dr Pruetz said .
“ They were much better than I was in predicting how the fire would move .
In one case the fire was around us on three sides yet they were very calm and they minimised the distance and the amount of time they had to move . ”
The “ fire dance ” of the alpha male was similar to the rain - dancing behaviour observed by primatologist Jane Goodall , when the dominant chimp would begin to sway in slow motion at the signs of an approaching storm , Dr Pruetz said .
“ Chimps everywhere have what is called a rain dance and it ’s just a big male display to show dominance , ” she said .
“ Males display all the time for a number of different reasons , but when there ’s a big thunderstorm approaching they do this exaggerated display , it ’s almost like slow motion .
“ When I was with this one party of chimps at Fongoli , the dominant male did the same sort of thing , but it was towards the fire , so I called it the fire dance .
“ It was n’t directed at other members of the group but at the fire itself .
As the fire approached them , and the sound of cracking and popping was really deafening , the male started this exaggerated display . ”
At one point , the leader of the group appeared to emit a barking noise unlike any other warning sound that the chimps use to communicate danger to one another .
“ This happened before the fire dance .
I could hear it for literally hundreds of metres , ” Dr Pruetz said .
“ The chimps became more timid as the fire came closer , and the alpha male went out of sight and I heard him give this variation of a warning bark .
I had never heard this particular vocalisation before .
It seemed to me to be specific to the fire , but I do n’t know what he was communicating , ” she said .
Equally surprising was the general calmness of the group to an approaching fire , even when the smoke and flames were clearly visible .
Dr Pruetz said that she was astonished at how calm the chimps were and this could be a key stage in the control of fire : “ It ’s important to conceptualise fire in order to overcome the fear of it .
Some people think that for humans there is an innate fear of fire and to overcome it is the first step in ultimately controlling it and being able to make fire .
“ I think that chimps are perfectly capable of controlling fire .
We watch their behaviour in the face of fire and we think they can conceptualise fire , and we see that captive apes can control fire .
But they we have to ask why would they do it [ in the wild ] , what is the impetus ? ”
The study , to be published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology , lends support to the idea that the control of fire occurred relatively early in human evolution .
Although there is archaeological evidence from burnt remnants that human ancestors controlled fire more than a million years ago , some scientists believe this is contentious .
The earliest hearths , which are indisputable evidence for the control of fire , date to less than 1 million years old .
Dr Pruetz said : “ Our data contributes to the argument in that , if we have this animal that is small - brained but cognitively sophisticated , then maybe we should rethink those data from Australopithecines [ early human ancestors ] in how they may have reacted to fire and reconsider the data at some sites that indicate there was some kind of control of fire . ”
QR Code Link to This Post
So anyway , Larry - Snake Eyes pistol whips Michael - Big Boa and bends his limp figure over a wine cork and ties his hands and feet together with dental floss .
Then EastSideSanchez06 - Grand
Slam fills a plastic bottle cap with water and positions it on the counter in front of Michael - Big Boa 's head .
Larry - Snake Eyes grabs Michael - Big Boa 's feet and rocks him forward , submerging his head underwater .
Michael - Big Boa jerks his head around , desperate for air .
Larry - Snake
Eyes lets his feet fall back to the ground , lurching Michael - Big Boa 's head out of the water .
Grabbing his captives hair and jerking his head back , EastSideSanchez06 - Grand Slam moves his lips a mere centimeter from Michael - Big Boa ’s ear and shouts , “ what were you doing in the restricted area ?
Are you a spy ?
Do you know what we do to spies ? ” Michael - Big Boa knows what Craigslist Joe does to spies .
But he does n’t answer .
Instead he jerks his head away from his captor and plunges it back into the water in hopes of drowning himself .
Larry - Snake
Eyes kicks the bottle cap out from under his head and sends it spilling across the counter .
EastSideSanchez06 - Grand
Slam walks over to his parked jeep and returns with a big orange plastic missile that ’s about the size of a GI Joe baseball bat .
“ Hey Larry - Snake Eyes .
Bring that butter dish over here .
This thing is n’t going anywhere without a little lubrication .
” Anyway , I ’ll spare you the rest of the scenario .
Things got a little out of hand after the Joes called for backup and Doug - Gung Ho and FabAbs998 - Sgt.
Bazooka showed up in the FANG ( Fully Armed Negator Gyrocopter ) .
But now you know what pic collectors do with your pics .
And knowing is half the battle .
Infowars.com
January 3 , 2009
Prior to the underwear bomber incident on Christmas , the House of Representatives tabled legislation to “ reform ” the Constitution nullifying Patriot Act .
On December 16 , nine days before the patsy Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was delivered to the airport in Amsterdam by his handler , Congress decided to shuffle the law off into the New Year .
Wayne Madsen tells Russia
Today the false flag non-attack will be used to push “ Patriot Act 3.0 . ”
Many of the Patriot Act provisions were set to expire on January 1st .
David Kravets wrote for Wired at the time :
Under Wednesday ’s action , the NSL - reform [ National Security Letters ] vote is also delayed until the New Year .
And the three expiring provisions will remain in force at least through February .
The extension came as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - California ) balked at a Senate plan to include Patriot Act amendments into a $ 636 billion Pentagon funding measure , saying doing so would create “ revolt on the left . ”
In fact , the so - called “ left ” in Congress is as dedicated to implementing the government ’s control grid as the “ right . ”
The only difference is that Democrats engage in more hand - wringing over the legislation .
So - called liberal Democrats have pushed for renewal of the police state law , including the former Saturday Night Live comedian Al Franken , now a Democrat from Minnesota .
Judge Napolitano comments on the unconstitutionality of the Patriot Act .
“ Heightened terrorist activity in recent days and months — from the attempted bombing of a U.S. airliner on Christmas Day to the shootings at Fort Hood , to the murder of a Saudi Arabian border guard by Yemeni insurgents , reveal that our need for robust intelligence gathering tools has not diminished since 9/11 , ” declared Republican Congressman Dan Lungren on December 31 .
The false flag terror operation above Detroit will be used to squelch any opposition to renewing the Patriot Act in February .
Funny how things work .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
IF IT ’S SUNDAY ….
CBS News ’s “ Face the Nation ” is touting its line - up for tomorrow ’s show .
Coming Up : Jan. 24 , 2010 : Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz . ; Sen. Richard Durbin , D - Ill .
And a roundtable discussion on the Supreme Court campaign ad ruling with CBS News ’ Nancy Cordes and Jan Crawford .
Yes , we ’ve reached the first anniversary of President Obama ’s inauguration , so it ’s time once again to have John McCain appear on yet another Sunday morning talk show .
For those keeping score , this will be McCain ’s 19th appearance on a Sunday morning talk show since Obama took office 12 months ago .
That ’s an average of one appearance every 2.9 weeks for a year — more than any other public official in the country .
Since the president ’s inauguration , McCain has been on “ Meet the Press ” three times ( December 6 , July 12 , and March 29 ) , “ This Week ” three times ( September 27 , August 23 , and May 10 ) , “ Fox News Sunday ” four times ( December 20 , July 2 , March 8 , and January 25 ) , and CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” four times ( January 10 , October 11 , August 2 , and February 15 ) .
His appearance on “ Face the Nation ” will be his fifth in the last year ( January 24 , October 25 , August 30 , April 26 , and February 8 ) .
Congratulations , “ Face the Nation , ” you ’re now in the lead .
And who , exactly , is John McCain ?
He ’s the one who lost the 2008 presidential race badly , and is now just another reactionary conservative senator in the minority .
He ’s not in the party leadership ; he has no role in any important negotiations on any issue ; and he ’s offered no significant pieces of legislation .
By all appearances , McCain is n’t even especially influential among his own GOP colleagues .
There ’s just no reason for the media ’s obsession with McCain .
None .
Nineteen Sunday - show appearances in 12 months ?
It ’s farcical .
Of course , if “ Face the Nation ” is going to go to the trouble of having McCain on once again , Bob Schieffer could , in theory , ask the senator to explain why he humiliated himself during a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing this week .
For those who missed it , McCain insisted that Christmas / underwear bomber Umar Abdulmutallab bought a one - way ticket from Nigeria to Detroit .
That ’s completely wrong .
When National Counterterrorism Center Director Michael Leiter tried to explain reality , McCain became visibly annoyed , forcing Leiter to apologize for being correct .
If our media culture made sense , television producers would n’t reward this .
Return to PayGo Rule Kills Dirty Energy Bill !
February 26th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
The fossil industry and its media mouthpieces have been pushing the idea that only the energy - only bill in the Senate can pass .
Reuters , the NYT , the WSJ regularly come out with doctored quotes like this to push the idea that the climate and clean energy bill is dead , and that only the energy - only bill is passable .
They quote Republican Senators as saying that the climate bill is dead .
They do n’t mention that Republicans have never supported climate legislation , so this is not new news , and does not in fact represent the chances of legitimate climate and clean energy legislation passing with more Democrats than ever and the two Republicans ( Collins and Snowe ) who ’ve always voted right on clean energy .
Regardless of the fossil industry stranglehold on the corporate media , however , a little - covered action by the Obama administration last week quietly stuck the nail in the coffin of the energy - only bill .
Under PayGo – fiscal responsibility was just signed back into law again last week .
As a result , with “ pay as you go ” rules back in effect , the congress now cannot pass any legislation that does not pay for itself – such as the energy - only bill .
The much touted energy - only bill is exactly such a piece of fiscally poor legislation , because it adds $ 13 billion a year to the deficit .
The CBO score is lousy .
( PDF )
Its spends $ 36 billion a year to supply a paltry $ 3 billion a year for renewable energy .
( The remainder is mostly spent on a vast new bureaucracy to disburse this princely sum , and $ 10 billion a year for nukes and fossil energy )
With PayGo in effect , there is zero chance that President Obama can sign the dirty energy only bill .
By law .
By contrast – CEJAPA , the cap and trade climate and energy bill developed over years by the Democrats , which started as the Waxman , Jeffords , Sanders , Boxer , Kerry , Lieberman , and now ( R ) Graham bill – on the other hand …. described as the Gold Standard of Climate Bills as long ago as 2006 by the Union of Concerned Scientists ?
That bill would easily meet PayGo rules , with a fiscally sound CBO score ( PDF ) .
The Clean Energy Jobs & American Power
Act generates over $ 800 billion to really ramp up renewable energy , and it spins off a $ 21 billion surplus to reduce the deficit .
Stay tuned …
Image : Blackwaterdog
Source : Ecoseed
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Is China going to beat the US back to the Moon ?
Not necessarily .
History does n’t echo , it reverbs
One of the odd characteristics of modern media — not just the Internet , but everything it touches — is that certain stories reverberate at a slow throb .
Certainly the Internet is known for its ability to transmit and endlessly repeat a story at lightning speed .
But some stories flare up , flash through their interested communities , and fade , only to flare up again a year or more later , even when they are untrue .
Take for example the “ China is sending humans to the Moon ” story , which persists despite any evidence at all to support it .
Claims of a Chinese human lunar program are all built on a solid foundation of marshmallows and Cool Whip , but that has not prevented them from appearing periodically in articles over the past five or six years .
This usually happens when initiated by some other event in the space field , such as discussion of American lunar plans .
When it reappears , various people commenting on bulletin boards and blogs all acquire the story for their own purposes , using it to air their perennial grievances .
The Chinese manned lunar program story is rarely about China , it is about whoever is writing about it , and therein may lie the key to the story ’s persistence .
Claims of a Chinese human lunar program are all built on a solid foundation of marshmallows and Cool Whip , but that has not prevented them from appearing periodically in articles over the past five or six years .
We saw this again recently with the publication of an opinion piece in the conservative newspaper The Washington Times .
The Times has long had an overt anti-China bent , and has been willing to publish articles critical of China regardless of their veracity .
The article , “ China space program shoots for the moon ” , was written by John J. Tkacik Jr. , a retired Foreign Service Officer who was chief of China analysis in the State Department 's Bureau of Intelligence and Research during the Clinton administration .
Tkacik ’s article essentially claims that China is going to send humans to the Moon , probably by 2022 .
Tkacik finds this alarming because the United States has canceled its own lunar plan .
He states , “ The atrophying U.S. space program suggests that America will be forced to cooperate with China in space , or else cede the high frontier of space to China altogether . ”
Tkacik never bothers to explain what the Moon has to do with the “ high frontier . ”
But more to the point , his assertion of Chinese plans to land humans on the Moon are baseless .
In the past , some of these articles claimed that China was going to land a man on the Moon by 2010 — in which case we should all immediately turn on CNN .
Others have claimed that it would happen by 2017 .
Others by 2022 , and others have said it could happen sometime after 2025 .
But whenever a new story appears , a careful reader will note that it never contains any actual evidence to support such a claim .
In the past , many of the articles have resulted from bad translation from Chinese to English .
For instance , the Chinese have talked about plans to perform a robotic sample return from the Moon by 2017 .
Western writers have then confused “ Moon lander in 2017 ” with a manned landing by 2017 .
In addition , some Chinese space officials have stated in press conferences that they could send humans to the Moon , eventually , once they finish what they are actually planning to do , but they have never stated that the country is actively engaged in such an effort .
And all too often writers have turned Western speculation about Chinese lunar plans into false evidence that the plans really exist .
Tkacik ’s piece is no different .
Many people seem to have missed the fact that his was an opinion piece , not a news article , and that many of its assertions lacked substantiating evidence .
In particular , take a look at the following paragraph : Senior Chinese space officials have told their state media that China could be on the moon by 2022 at the outside .
Other authoritative Chinese space engineers see a moon landing as a next step in the Tiangong program that will launch three Chinese space stations into Earth orbit between 2011 and 2015 .
In 2008 , NASA scientists told the Bush White House that , with the technology currently available to the Chinese space program , Chinese cosmonauts could be on the moon by 2017 .
Three questions that an astute reader should ask about that paragraph : who are the “ senior Chinese space officials ” mentioned in the first sentence , the “ authoritative Chinese space engineers ” mentioned in the second sentence , and the “ NASA scientists ” mentioned in the third sentence ?
And somebody who did a little more research would discover that Tkacik needed a final sentence : “ However , senior Chinese space officials have made it abundantly clear that their goals for at least the next decade center upon developing a space station in low Earth orbit . ”
But most of the commentary that followed Tkacik ’s article did not bother to ask those questions or dig any deeper .
Instead , they let the article press their buttons , appropriated it and assumed that it was true , without questioning if there was any underlying data , then they charged off to make partisan , or pedantic points .
Chinese human spaceflight training has been focused on operating labs in low Earth orbit , not landing on the Moon .
China ’s space ambitions
The Chinese have in fact talked quite a bit about their future human spaceflight plans , and they do not include the Moon .
Although Chinese space officials have stated that they could eventually send humans to the Moon , they never speak about this as if it is an actual , real plan .
Over the past several years , Chinese space officials have given presentations on their human spaceflight program and they have made it abundantly clear that their plans for the next decade involve several man-tended mini-space stations — what the Chinese call “ space laboratories ” — to be followed by a multi- segment space station .
They have also made it abundantly clear that their lunar plans for now are entirely robotic .
When Chinese officials do talk about their space goals , they never say that they are planning on sending humans to the Moon , only that they may study it someday .
Presentations given by Chinese officials and publicly available for several years now that make this clear .
Take , for example , this presentation given by three Chinese space officials at the October 2009 International Astronautical Federation meeting in South Korea .
The officials , Wang Zhonggui , Dong Nengli , and Zhai Zhigang , provided significant information on China ’s human space program , including their plans for future rendezvous and docking tests with a Tiangong spacecraft , leading up to a large space station by around 2020 .
What their presentation also indicated was that only in the “ third step ” of China ’s human spaceflight program will they begin to study the possibility of a human lunar mission .
This will occur after they have mastered rendezvous and docking technologies , launched and operated a space laboratory , and built and operated a space station .
Because the space station is not scheduled to occur before 2020 , the Chinese do not plan on even studying a lunar mission until then .
Statements by other Chinese space officials have added other details about their more near - term plans , such as their plans to launch up to three Tiangong “ space laboratories ” over a period of about five years , and to conduct several rendezvous and docking missions with each of them .
The October 2009 presentation is similar to one presented by a Chinese space official a year earlier at an IAF meeting in Glasgow , Scotland .
Another presentation in 2007 on the Chinese lunar program focuses entirely on the country ’s robotic mission plans .
These plans are also logical and measured : orbit the Moon , then conduct a soft landing and roving , then eventually conduct a sample return mission .
The Chinese are not completely transparent about their civil space plans , but they have actually provided a substantial amount of information about their civilian space goals .
They are more open than the Soviet Union was during the Cold War .
And when they do talk about their space goals , they never say that they are planning on sending humans to the Moon , only that they may study it someday .
Anybody making the assertion that the Chinese do have plans for sending humans to the Moon should at least provide the equivalent data to support it , rather than basing their argument on mistranslated news conferences , or the paranoid view that you know when a Communist is lying because his lips are moving .
The image in the mirror
The public reaction to Tkacik ’s op - ed piece fell into several categories .
Some people noted that there was really no evidence to support his assertions .
Others , usually conservatives , viewed the situation in more alarmist terms , and used it to criticize the Obama administration .
In their view , the United States is going to allow Communist China to “ beat ” America to the Moon .
For them , this is at least a matter of national pride , if not strategic importance .
But there were others who jumped on another aspect of Tkacik ’s article because it allowed them to revive one of their standard critiques of NASA ’s human exploration planning .
They seized upon Tkacik ’s claim that NASA officials had determined that China would send humans to the Moon using several EELV - class launch vehicles .
One of the perpetual arguments among space activists has been whether or not a heavy - lift launch vehicle is required for human missions beyond low Earth orbit .
Every major review of the American space program over the past several decades has concluded that heavy - lift ( however defined ) is at least highly desirable for going beyond low Earth orbit .
Some space activists vehemently dispute this and they immediately focused on this part of Tkacik ’s article .
The consistent theme of the “ China is going to the Moon ” story is that facts do n’t matter .
Some commentators claimed that Tkacik ’s comment about NASA ’s evaluation of China ’s lunar plans demonstrated NASA ’s hypocrisy — while NASA insisted that heavy - lift was necessary for the Moon , the agency was apparently claiming that China did not require it .
But this claim is disingenuous .
NASA ’s lunar plans requiring very heavy - lift vehicles were never billed as the “ only ” way to reach the Moon , simply the “ best ” way given NASA ’s initial starting criteria .
If the agency ’s goals had been different ( such as doing the mission faster , with less mass sent to the lunar surface ) , they could have chosen a path to the Moon that did not require heavy - lift .
What this example really shows is the Pavlovian response among some members of the space activist community to any mention of heavy - lift rockets — it does n’t matter the context , or the accuracy of the discussion , all someone has to do is mention the subject and heads pop up like prairie dogs who hear a noise .
Some other commentators seem to have been more confused , thinking that this was actually the method that the Chinese have already chosen for their lunar program , even though there ’s no evidence of a Chinese lunar program .
What nobody seems to have asked is what “ NASA experts ” and what NASA study Tkacik was actually referring to .
A NASA illustration of a notional Chinese manned Moon mission , not China ’s actual plans .
( View larger version Several years ago , NASA administrator Michael Griffin was playing up the threat of China sending humans to the Moon before the United States .
NASA was actually charged by Congress with presenting an analysis of the Chinese lunar program .
But when the deadline came , reportedly all that NASA presented to Congress was a collection of press clippings , not technical analysis .
However , in late 2008 , former NASA official Scott Pace presented a chart at a public forum on China ’s space ambitions .
It showed how China might send humans to the Moon .
According to Pace , NASA drew this up at Griffin ’s direction to demonstrate what China could do if they wanted to , but it was not part of an extensive NASA study .
Some Chinese space experts have also written about a potential lunar exploration plan utilizing medium - size boosters , but there remain no indications that they plan to do it this way , or that such paper studies are even valid .
The consistent theme of the “ China is going to the Moon ” story is that facts do n’t matter .
The people who get excited about this story do not care that there is no evidence to support it .
What matters are the chips on their shoulders .
They can use the story to criticize Obama , to criticize NASA , to defend Constellation , to attack Constellation , or to once again revive the argument about the non-necessity of heavy - lift rockets .
But the facts are irrelevant , because it is personal agendas , not events , that are driving the story .
The story will fade soon , but only for awhile .
Give it another year and we ’ll hear it reverberate , as various people start beating their drums again , to their own tune .
Home
Happy with your web designer and developer ?
Award - winning web design , development , and Digital marketing Agency began operation at 2010 and counting business volume 3 + million .
The latest web technologies help us to build websites that generate more revenue for you and generate online inquiries , which is the growth engine of your business .
As a leading certified website development Agency in the industry , We employ the brightest designer to utilize cutting - edge technologies and deliver highly creative content that attracts users and search engines .
We build SEO Magnet websites for the customers that attract Google too .
Discover a new variety of beer !
The official tumblr of Beeriety .
Tell us what you 're drinking by adding the " #mybeer " tag to your tumblr and twitter posts .
Follow us on twitter .
Got a question about beer or maybe an idea for an article ?
Let us know .
archive / feed / random
As promised , I watched the Inside Edition segment last night following up on the Desiree Jennings case .
If you remember , she is the 25 year old woman who claimed to have a neurological disorder called dystonia following a seasonal flu vaccine .
Her story never added up , and the video of her disorder that was made public ( and disseminated , of course , on YouTube ) did not show dystonia .
Every neurologist who viewed the video and commented publicly , including me , were of the opinion that her symptoms were psychogenic .
The question at hand is whether or not she has a neurological disorder and whether it can plausibly be connected to the flu vaccine .
I have made a strong case that her symptoms are not neurological but psychological ( and to be clear , neither I nor any physician commenting on her case has accused her of lying or hoaxing her symptoms ) .
Despite this , the anti-vaccine movement was quick to jump on the case and exploit Ms. Jennings for their own propaganda purposes .
They were also quick to criticize me and others for commenting on her case , and in fact they grossly distorted the opinions we expressed .
Ms. Jennings eventually found her way to Dr. Buttar , who has been criticized by the North Carolina Medical Board for charging patients exorbitant fees for unproven and ineffective treatments .
These complaints are still under investigation .
Buttar diagnosed Ms. Jennings with both a viral encephalitis and mercury toxicity – when it would be impossible for her to have been exposed to both mercury and a live virus from the same vaccine .
He treated her with chelation therapy and a few stints in the hyperbaric chamber , and then claimed a dramatic cure .
In fact , I predicted this would happen and further predicted that an improvement in her symptoms that was too quick for any biological cause would confirm the diagnosis of a psychogenic disorder .
The story then faded , and my colleagues and I noticed that the anti-vaccine websites were strangely quiet about the case .
Maybe they just had bigger fish to fry , but it always seemed that they were conflicted about this case , maybe sensing that this was not a good case for them .
Although that did not stop them from proclaiming this case as a genuine vaccine injury ( without any evidence ) and from attacking me and others for discussing the case .
Another angle to this case was the mainstream media coverage .
The story was made national primarily by an Inside Edition segment in which they took her claims of being horribly injured by the flu vaccine at face value .
They did throw in a caveat that doctors say the story should not dissuade the public from the vaccine ( the “ not ” was incredibly and deceptively edited out in the YouTube version of the story ) .
But generally it was among the worst science reporting of 2009 .
So I was a bit surprised when I was contacted by a producer from Inside Edition about a possible follow up segment on the story .
He had read my blog posts on Ms. Jennings and realized they got the story entirely wrong .
To his credit he wanted to do follow up ( unfortunately rare in mainstream journalism ) and tell the real story .
This resulted in the segment that aired last night .
I have to say , at this point , that primarily I feel sorry for Ms. Jennings .
She is mostly a victim in this case .
In my opinion , she has a psychogenic disorder , and while this is a real disorder , it is psychological and therefore difficult for the public to understand .
In a perfect world the media that first encountered the story would have done a bit of due diligence , contacted a doctor ( preferably a neurologist or movement disorder specialist ) , found out that the story was fishy and then just not air it .
Instead they got the story horribly wrong .
This led to Jennings being exploited in my opinion by the anti-vaccine movement and Dr. Buttar .
And now her story is being exploited again .
She is being shown to the world as having a socially embarrassing disorder .
( I do not think it should be embarrassing , but mental disorders have an undeserved and unfortunate stigma – a topic for another time . )
Unfortunately , I do think the follow up is necessary .
Ms. Jennings inserted herself and her medical story into the public debate about the safety of vaccines .
If she wanted privacy , she should never have made her story public .
Now that it is public , it is necessary to set the record straight so that people will not be wrongly scared away from a safe and effective vaccine .
So what is the follow up revealed by Inside Edition ?
Well , first of all Ms. Jennings appears to be walking , talking , and even driving without any difficulty .
So the hysterical claims of her being “ permanently neurologically injured ” were of course untrue .
However , when confronted , she says that she still has intermittent symptoms .
Her current symptoms seem to be speaking in a British sounding accent .
It should be noted that her speech symptoms have changed and evolved considerably since her symptoms began .
They were initially stuttering , then garbled , then spastic , and now accented .
There really is no way to explain these various manifestations as neurological injury .
I was asked about “ foreign accent syndrome ” – it is described in the literature as a rare reaction to brain injury .
However , patients with this syndrome do n’t really speak with a foreign accent – it only may sound that way to the untrained ear .
What happens is that damage to the language center causes changes to the pronunciation of speech .
In rare cases these changes may sound reminiscent of an accent different than the patient ’s native accent .
However , when carefully examined it is clear they are not speaking in a foreign accent but merely have neurologically impaired speech .
Another interesting revelation of the Inside Edition story relates to the VAERS report of Ms. Jennings ’ alleged vaccine reaction .
A report matching her story was found , and in the official report it says that her neurologist at Johns Hopkins felt that her condition was strongly psychogenic .
This contradicts Ms. Jennings ’ report ( repeated uncritically by anti-vaccinationists ) that her doctors diagnosed her with dystonia .
Jennings has now confirmed to Inside Edition that the VAERS report is in fact hers .
This highlights one criticism that I have for Ms. Jennings – she cannot both make her medical story public , but then expect privacy for the actual relevant information .
She should either put her records in the public domain , or she should have never made her story public in the first place .
This is the specific issue at hand – what was her diagnosis .
She claims it was dystonia , which was hard to believe .
But now , because of the VAERS report and her admission , we know that her diagnosis was a psychogenic disorder .
Not that it really matters – the video evidence ( which is now abundant ) is sufficient to conclude she does not have dystonia and as more video is made public it only further supports the psychogenic diagnosis .
I will add that Jennings gave Inside Edition a report from a new neurologist , who did conclude that she has a vaccine injury .
I , of course , disagree with that opinion , and will point out that the opinion is based on the history being told , not elements of the exam to which I was not previously privy .
I would further point out that being a treating physician often puts doctors in a difficult position , and the therapeutic relationship may require not being confrontational with patients .
We further learn from Inside Edition that Ms. Jennings is no longer seeing Dr. Buttar , and is somewhat upset at the large bill he gave her for his dubious services .
Conclusion
This is a sad case that should never , in my opinion , have become a national story .
I think responsible journalism demands not showcasing a person who may be deluded .
And further , the story raised scares about a public health measure , the flu vaccine , without vetting the story to see if it was even legitimate .
Everything that followed was damage control , and was unfortunately necessary .
The story also showcases , in my opinion , the callous disregard for truth of the anti-vaccine movement and some of its prominent players , such as Dr. Buttar .
I do think they have egg on their face from this one .
And finally ( if you will forgive the self - serving observation ) the story highlights the new power of the science - blogging community .
The Inside Edition follow up segment was entirely due to the science bloggers who covered the story – and told the real story behind the media sensationalism .
We are influencing the media cycle in a good way .
At the very least we are making ourselves a valuable resource to the mainstream media , and hopefully raising the quality of science journalism in general .
Business as usual in Big Pharma
Drug companies support fraudulent research
What is " Evidence - Based Medicine ? "
Keep up the great work , Dr Reuben
( Natural News )
It 's being called the largest research fraud in medical history .
Dr. Scott Reuben , a former member of Pfizer 's speakers ' bureau , has agreed to plead guilty to faking dozens of research studies that were published in medical journals .
Now being reported across the mainstream media is the fact that Dr. Reuben accepted a $ 75,000 grant from Pfizer to study Celebrex in 2005 .
His research , which was published in a medical journal , has since been quoted by hundreds of other doctors and researchers as " proof " that Celebrex helped reduce pain during post - surgical recovery .
There 's only one problem with all this :
Dr. Scott Reuben , it turns out , and got it published anyway .
It was n't the first study faked by Dr. Reuben :
He also faked study data on Bextra and Vioxx drugs , reports the Wall Street Journal .
As a result of Dr. Reuben 's faked studies , the peer - reviewed medical journalwas forced to retract 10 " scientific " papers authored by Reuben .of London reports that 21 articles written by Dr. Reuben that appear in medical journals have apparently been fabricated , too , and must be retracted .
After being caught fabricating research for Big Pharma , Dr. Reuben has reportedly signed a plea agreement that will require him to return $ 420,000 that he received from drug companies .
He also faces up to a 10 - year prison sentence and a $ 250,000 fine .
He was also fired from his job at the Baystate Medical Center in Springfield , Mass .
after an internal audit there found that Dr. Reuben .
( http://www.theday.com/article/20100115/NWS01...
What 's notable about this story is not the fact that a medical researcher faked clinical trials for the pharmaceutical industry .
It 's not the fact that so - called " scientific " medical journals published his fabricated studies .
It 's not even the fact that the drug companies paid this quack close to half a million dollars while he kept on pumping out fabricated research
The real story here is that Dr. Reuben 's actions really are n't that extraordinary .
Drug companies bribe researchers and doctors as a routine matter .
Medical journals routinely publish false , fraudulent studies .
in making their drug approval decisions , and the mainstream media regularly quotes falsified research in reporting the news ..
The pharmaceutical industry could n't operate without it , actually .
It is falsified research that gives the industry its best marketing claims and strongest FDA approvals .
Quacks like Dr Scott Reuben are an important part of the pharmaceutical profit machine because without falsified research , bribery and corruption , the industry would have very little research at all .
Pay special attention to the fact that the medical journal gladly published Dr. Reuben 's faked studies even though this journal claims to be a " scientific " medical journal based on peer review .
Funny , is n't it , how such a scientific medical journal gladly publishes fraudulent research with data that was simply invented by the study author .
Perhaps these medical journals should be moved out of the non-fiction section of university libraries and placed underRemember , too , that all the proponents of pharmaceuticals , vaccines and mammograms ignorantly claim that their conventional medicine is all based on " good science . "
It 's all scientific and trustworthy , they claim , while accusing alternative medicine of being " woo woo " wishful thinking and non-scientific hype .
Perhaps they should have a quick look in the mirror and realize it is their own system of quack medicine that 's based largely on fraudulent research , bribery and corruption .
You just have to laugh , actually , when you hear pushers of vaccines and pharmaceuticals claim their medicine is " scientific " while natural medicine is " unproven . "
Sure it 's scientific -- about as scientific as the storyline in a Scooby Doo cartoon , or as credible as the medical license of a six - year - old kid who just received a " let 's play doctor " gift set for Christmas .
Many pharmaceutical researchers would have better careers as writers of fiction novels rather than scientific papers .
For all those people who ignorantly claim that modern pharmaceutical science is based on " scientific evidence , " just give them these three words :
Do n't forget that the drug companies openly supported Dr. Scott Reuben 's research .
They paid him , in fact , to keep on fabricating studies .
The drug companies claim to be innocent in all this , but behind the scenes they had to have known what was going on .
Dr. Reuben 's research was just too consistently favorable to drug company interests to be scientifically legitimate .
If a drug company wanted to " prove " that their drug was good for some new application , all they had to do was ask Dr. Reuben to come up with the research ( wink wink ) .
" Here 's another fifty thousand dollars to study whether our drug is good for post - surgical pain ( wink ) .
" And before long , Dr. Reuben would magically materialize a brand new study that just happened to " prove " exactly what the sponsoring drug company wanted to prove .
Advocates of western medicine claim they do n't believe in , but when it comes to clinical trials , they actually do :
All the results they wish to see justas long as the right researcher gets paid to materialize the results out of thin air , much like waving a magician 's wand and chanting , " Abra cadabra ... let there be RESEARCH DATA !
" Shazam !
The research data materializes just like that .
It all gets written up into a " scientific " paper that also magically gets published in medical journals that fail to ask a single question that might exposed the research fraud I guess these people believe in magic after all , huh ?
Where science is lacking , a little " research magic " conveniently fills the void .
The whole system makes a mockery of real science .
It is a system operated by criminals who fabricate whatever " scientific evidence " they need in order to get published in medical journals and win FDA approval for drugs that they fully realize are killing people .
The fact that a researcher like Dr. Reuben could so successfully fabricate fraudulent study data , then get it published in peer - reviewed science journals , and get away with itsheds all kinds of new light on what 's really behind " evidence - based medicine .
"
The recipe for evidence - based medicine is quite simple :
Get it published in any mainstream medical journal .
Then you can quote the fabricated evidence as " fact !
" When pushers of pharmaceuticals and vaccines resort to quoting " evidence - based medicine " as their defense , keep in mind that .
When they claim their branch of toxic chemical medicine is based on " real science , " what they really mean is that it 's based on fraudulent science but they 've all secretly agreed to call it " real science . "
When they claim to have " scientific facts " supporting their position , what they really mean is that those " facts " were fabricated by criminal researchers being paid bribes by the drug companies .
" Evidence - based medicine , " it turns out , hardly exists anymore .
And even if it does , If a trusted , well - paid researcher can get his falsified papers publishedin top - notch science journals -- without getting caught by his peers -- then what does that say about the credibility of the entire peer - review science paper publishing process ?
Here 's what is says : " Scientific medicine " is a total fraud .
And this fraud is n't limited to Dr Scott Reuben , either .
Remember : he engaged in routine research fraudbefore being caught .
There are probably thousands of other scientists engaged in similar research fraud right now who have n't yet been caught in the act .
Their fraudulent research papers have no doubt already been published in " scientific " medical journals .
They 've been quoted in the popular press .
They 've been relied on by FDA decision makers to approve drugs as " safe and effective " for widespread use .
And yet underneath all this , there 's nothing more than fraud and quackery .
Sure , there may be some legitimate studies mixed in with all the fraud , but Thank you , Dr Scott Reuben , for showing us the truth about the pharmaceutical industry , the research quackery , the laughable " scientific " journals and the bribery and corruption that characterizes the pharmaceutical industry today .
You have done more to shed light on the true nature of the drug industry than a thousand articles on NaturalNews.com ever could .
Keep up the good work .
After paying your fine and serving a little jail time , I 'm sure your services will be in high demand at all the top drug companies that need yet more " scientific " studies to be fabricated and submitted to the medical journals .
You may be a dishonest , disgusting human being to most of the world , but you 're a huge asset to the pharmaceutical industry and There are more studies that need to be fabricated soon ; more false papers that need to be published and more dangerous drugs that need to receive FDA approval .
Hurry !
Because if there 's one place that extreme dishonesty is richly rewarded , it's in the pharmaceutical industry , where poisons are approved as medicines and fiction is published as the truth .
Chimpanzees in Senegal are regularly making and using spears to hunt other primates -- without human assistance -- according to research led by an Iowa State University anthropologist .
That study , funded by the National Geographic Society , is the first to report habitual tool use by non-humans while hunting other vertebrates .
ISU Assistant Professor of Anthropology Jill Pruetz and Paco Bertolani -- a graduate student with the Leverhulme Centre for Human Evolutionary Studies , Department of Biological Anthropology at the University of Cambridge in England -- documented 22 cases of the chimps fashioning tools to use in hunting smaller primates in cavities of hollow branches or tree trunks .
They made the discovery at their research site in Fongoli , Senegal between March 2005 and July 2006 .
A paper on the study , authored by Pruetz and Bertolani and titled " Savanna chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes verus ) hunt with tools , " will be published in the March 6 edition of " Current Biology . "
The article will be available online in the professional journal on Thursday , Feb. 22 .
" We came upon the discovery quite unexpectedly , " said Pruetz .
" There were hints that this behavior might occur , but it was one time at a different site .
Then I talked to my project manager ( Bertolani ) and he told me that he saw a female hunt with tools .
When he looked through original data that was collected , we realized he had other evidence and observations of them probably doing the same thing .
While in Senegal for the spring semester , I saw about 13 different hunting bouts .
So it really is habitual . "
Chimpanzees forcibly jabbed tools into hollow trunks or branches multiple times and smelled and / or licked them upon extraction .
Only two of the 22 reported cases were seen as playful -- in the case of an infant male -- or exploratory in nature .
In all other cases , chimps were judged by the researchers to use such force in inserting the tool that prey within the tree could have been injured .
They witnessed just one case in which a chimpanzee extracted a bushbaby -- a smaller primate -- through use of the spear .
Females lead tool - assisted hunting
Despite the fact that hunting is predominantly an adult male chimpanzee activity , only one adult male ( of 11 males in the community ) was observed in the tool - assisted hunting .
The reported incidents included one adult female , one adult male , three adolescent females , two adolescent males , one juvenile female , one juvenile male , and one infant male .
advertisement
" In the chimp literature , there is a lot of discussion about hunting by adult males , because basically , they 're the only ones that do it -- and they do n't use tools , " said Pruetz .
" Females are rarely involved .
And so this was just kind of astounding on a number of different levels .
It 's not only chimps hunting with tools , but females -- and the ones who hunted the most with them were adolescent females .
" It 's classic in primates that when there is a new innovation , particularly in terms of tool use , the younger generations pick it up very quickly .
The last ones to pick up are adults , mainly the males , " she said .
" This is because immatures learn from the ones they are most affiliated with , their mothers . "
They authors conclude that these findings support a theory that females might have played a role in the evolution of tool technology among the earliest humans .
Those technologies included hunting - related behavior , in addition to gathering - related activities .
" The combination of hunting and tool use at Fongoli , behaviors long considered hallmarks of our own species , makes the population especially intriguing , " they wrote .
" The observation that individuals hunting with tools include females and immature chimpanzees suggests that we should rethink traditional explanations for the evolution of such behavior in our own lineage .
Learning more about the unique behaviors of chimpanzees in such an environment , before they disappear , can provide important clues about the challenges facing our earliest ancestors . "
Four years spent habituating chimps
In order to make their observations , Pruetz and her team spent four years " habituating " the chimpanzees -- familiarizing them with humans -- over their 63 - square - kilometer Fongoli study site .
That process has changed over the years .
advertisement
" You have to spend hours and hours attempting to follow them and keeping up with them and basically getting them used to you so they think you 're just a benign presence , " Pruetz said .
" What researchers used to do once upon a time was to feed the chimps bananas , which got them used to humans very quickly .
But this method causes problems .
We know nowadays that there are a lot of diseases that can be passed from chimps to people and visa - versa .
There are also ethical problems because the chimps at some sites got over - habituated to where they were n't fearful of humans and could cause harm to people . "
Pruetz and her Iowa State graduate students are continuing their chimpanzee research in Senegal through additional National Geographic Society and Iowa State grants .
Stephanie Bogart , an ISU doctoral student in ecology and evolutionary biology from West Palm Beach , Fla. , is the project 's current site manager .
The research during the study period was supported by grants from the National Geographic Society , Center for the Study of Violence at Iowa State University , ISU Foreign Travel Grant , ISU Faculty Professional Development Grant , and the American Society of Primatologists Conservation Grant .
Allowed characters : a -z , " " ( space ) , and " . " ( period ) up to 46 characters long ( 47 - char messages also fit if they start with a letter lower than " t " )
ChatRoulette , for the unaware , is the insane new site that randomly connects two videochatters together .
It 's mostly used by gross dudes masturbating and stoned college kids .
But here are some examples of how it could be so much more .
Advertisement
First Place — Neal Rosenblat
Advertisement
Second Place — Thrillcox
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Third Place — Balazs Denes Kovacs
Wet snow may be great for snowballs , but it certainly makes shoveling the driveway all the more difficult — the snow just sticks to the shovel .
A few sprays of non -stick cooking spray , though , should fix that in a pinch .
Advertisement
Photo by Sharon Mollerus .
Reader mccartcz writes in to share that spraying some Pam onto your snow shovel will make the snow slide right off when you shovel .
And he is n't alone , either — it looks like this tip comes recommended in more than one place around the internet .
I have n't tried this myself , since the snow has been unusually pathetic here in Michigan thus far this year — but perhaps those in the East that are still buried can let us know how this works in the comments .
While Anthem Blue Cross has been taking the heat for proposing rate increases of up to 39 percent on individual consumers , other health insurers have stunned some small businesses with hikes that in some cases exceed 75 percent .
Tom Simmons , president of an Oakland design and consulting firm with four employees , said he had just read about the Anthem increases when he opened a letter from his insurer , Blue Shield of California , informing him his monthly family premium would go up to $ 1,596 a month from $ 908 , a nearly 76 percent increase .
" This industry is getting out of control .
It makes me fearful of future years and what could become of things if something does n't change , " said Simmons , whose business health insurance policy also covers his family of three .
He ultimately was able to reduce the increase to about 16 percent , but only after switching to a plan with a higher deductible and other higher out - of - pocket expenses .
California health premium increases have taken center stage on both state and national levels since earlier this month , when Anthem Blue Cross informed many of its 800,000 customers who buy policies independently that their rates would go up by as much as 39 percent .
Anthem 's increases prompted a state Assembly committee hearing as well as congressional testimony by top executives this week , and they were mentioned during President Obama 's health summit Thursday .
Brown investigates
Also Thursday , state Attorney General Jerry Brown subpoenaed financial records and other documents from California 's seven largest health insurance companies .
In addition to Anthem , they include Aetna Health , Cigna , Health Net , Blue Shield , Kaiser Permanente and PacifiCare .
Brown 's office said the investigation will look into whether Anthem 's rate increases are legal under California law and whether the other health plans are planning similar rate hikes .
Meanwhile , businesses in the small - group market - those with fewer than 50 employees - are reeling from the latest spikes in their health rates .
Those who reported the highest rate increases appeared to have a high deductible Blue Shield policy paired with a savings account .
These policies , known as health savings accounts , or HSAs , were created by the Bush administration in 2003 as way to trim health costs .
The policies are supported as a market solution to rising health costs because they require members to pay more of their medical expenses out of pocket to use fewer services .
Blue Shield officials said the company 's lack of experience with these types of plans combined with the poor economy compelled them to raise rates , primarily affecting three HSAs .
' Paying out more '
" We were paying out more in claims than we were collecting in premiums , " said Aron Ezra , spokesman for Blue Shield , which is a nonprofit insurer based in San Francisco .
Ezra said he did n't know how large the increases were or how many customers were affected .
Ezra said Blue Shield regrets having to raise rates .
" We lose membership because fewer people can afford to get it , " he said .
" It does not help us .
We only do it to be able to collect enough money to pay out . "
California insurance experts say other health insurers have had to raise their small - group rates , particularly for HSAs .
" Every carrier has been mispricing the product because we do n't have the data , " said Steven Lindsay , a lobbyist for the California Association of Health Underwriters and an insurance broker .
Several brokers suggested that some insurers , like Blue Shield , priced the plans low in an effort to be competitive with other insurers .
Jay Laude , an independent insurance broker with McDermott Costa Insurance Brokers in San Leandro , described the plans as " awesome " for consumers , but too low to cover costs .
Matt Charney Affiliate
Profile : Join Date : Aug 2008 Location : Yorba Linda CA Posts : 255
DIY Kettlebells
This was my first attempt at handles using 1/ 2 " sch40 pvc .
http://i111.photobucket.com/albums/n...y/DSC06104.jpg
This was my first set using one 80 # bag of quikcrete .
The grey handles are some liquidtite flexible conduit that I had laying around and the pvc was left over from a sprinkler install .
I think there was a total of $ 12 for the balls .
The black one is the liner from the soccer ball , 2 for one .
Plus $ 3 for the concrete .
The basket ball is 30 # the blue ball is # 22 , soccer ball & black one are 18 # and the little soccer ball is # 13 after drying for a week .
http://i111.photobucket.com/albums/n...y/DSC06113.jpg
Then I made this mold .
I can put handles in the oven 2 at a time and every 13 minutes make another pair .
I made 4 of the 3/4 " & 4 of the 1/2 " for my 2nd batch .
The liquidtite handles worked but not my favorite .
http://i111.photobucket.com/albums/n...y/DSC06129.jpg
http://i111.photobucket.com/albums/n...y/DSC06130.jpg
I added 6 cups of lead shot while I was making a basketball and added another cup to the inside of a large handle .
These came in at 42 # .
I made a pair of them in the $ 4 target orange basketballs .
Then I made 2 with straight concrete in the blue basketballs that only a few targets carry in my area .
Next I am going to make 2 out of the black basketballs that I will add 6 cups of plastic pellets to make it less than the 30 # balls .
These match my slam balls orange @ 22 # , blue @ 17 # 1/2 sand , 1/2 recycled plastic blast media , and the black ones are 12 # and are filled with 100 % recycled plastic blast media .
I will share some more of my homemade items later .
To make the handles I measured diagonally across my oven and came up with a maximum length of 27 # taped one end with duct tape packed with sand taped the open end then heated fro 13 minutes @ 350 .
wrapped them around the 2x6 to get the handle shape .
I think they work perfectly .
Thanks to whomever inspired me if it was n't Freddie .
I know it was from CFR for sure though .
Matt I got the idea from one of the CF Radio episodes .
I think it was Freddie but I may be wrong .
He mentioned using rubber hose for the handle .
This was my first attempt at handles using 1/ 2 " sch40 pvc .
This was my first set using one 80 # bag of quikcrete .
The grey handles are some liquidtite flexible conduit that I had laying around and the pvc was left over from a sprinkler install .
I think there was a total of $ 12 for the balls .
The black one is the liner from the soccer ball , 2 for one .
Plus $ 3 for the concrete .
The basket ball is 30 # the blue ball is # 22 , soccer ball & black one are 18 # and the little soccer ball is # 13 after drying for a week .
Then I made this mold .
I can put handles in the oven 2 at a time and every 13 minutes make another pair .
I made 4 of the 3/4 " & 4 of the 1/2 " for my 2nd batch .
The liquidtite handles worked but not my favorite .
I added 6 cups of lead shot while I was making a basketball and added another cup to the inside of a large handle .
These came in at 42 # .
I made a pair of them in the $ 4 target orange basketballs .
Then I made 2 with straight concrete in the blue basketballs that only a few targets carry in my area .
Next I am going to make 2 out of the black basketballs that I will add 6 cups of plastic pellets to make it less than the 30 # balls .
These match my slam balls orange @ 22 # , blue @ 17 # 1/2 sand , 1/2 recycled plastic blast media , and the black ones are 12 # and are filled with 100 % recycled plastic blast media .
I will share some more of my homemade items later .
To make the handles I measured diagonally across my oven and came up with a maximum length of 27 # taped one end with duct tape packed with sand taped the open end then heated fro 13 minutes @ 350 .
wrapped them around the 2x6 to get the handle shape .
I think they work perfectly .
Thanks to whomever inspired me if it was n't Freddie .
I know it was from CFR for sure though .
Matt
Rat Brain Modelers Denounce IBM's Cat Brain Simulation as " Shameful and Unethical " Hoax
The Blue Brain project leader says that IBM 's simulated brain does not even reach an ant 's brain level
Few aspects of the Bible seem less relevant to daily life than genealogies .
Yet for Gospel writers Matthew and Luke , they were absolutely essential for understanding Jesus .
Genealogies fulfilled multiple purposes in the ancient world .
Society was organized around kinship patterns , so every family needed lists that described their ancestral pedigree .
Such family trees determined a person 's social relationships .
For instance , two families planning the marriage of their children would compare family lines to check kinship ties to ensure the two were " compatible . "
And rulers used genealogies to justify their power , rank , and status .
So why are the genealogical trees in Matthew and Luke so different ?
Matthew begins his Gospel with Jesus ' genealogy , while Luke places it , strangely , between Jesus ' baptism and temptation .
Matthew has an ascending list , moving from Abraham up to Jesus , while Luke has a descending list , moving from Jesus down to Adam .
Matthew 's list is partial ; Luke 's is complete .
And most significantly , while the two lists are virtually identical from Abraham to David , they diverge greatly from David to Jesus .
Several solutions have been proposed to explain the differences .
Martin Luther said that Matthew gives Joseph 's line and Luke Mary 's line .
Others , such as Tertullian , reversed this .
Yet the explanation fails in both directions , because the Gospels clearly state that they are listing Joseph 's line ( Matt. 1:16 ; Luke 3:23 ) .
Julius Africanus proposed that Matthew follows Jesus ' natural descent and Luke his legal descent .
Neither Gospel indicates such an approach , though , and it is best to allow the authors to speak for themselves .
A Closer Look
Examining each genealogy closely ...
1
Command & Conquer 4 Public Beta Kicks Off
The five - versus - five Command & Conquer 4 multiplayer beta is " PUBLIC and open to anyone and everyone around the world , " going by the game 's official site .
Keys can be obtained by registering at GameSpot , with EA LA writing that there will be " thousands of keys in the first wave " and reassuring potential players that " in the event you are placed on the waitlist , do not fear , we will be activating users daily and quickly . "
A bill that prohibits microchips from being involuntarily implanted in humans overwhelmingly passed the State Senate today .
The bill would outlaw placing sensors , transmitters or other micro devices under a persons skin without their consent .
It is sponsored by Republican State Senator Chip Pearson .
" This is simply to try to get ahead and protect under our state constitution our rights as people first , " Pearson said .
" We implant cattle and dogs , and that 's fine .
I just do n't think implanting someone against their will is something that should be allowed . "
Pearson said he is not aware of any microchips being involuntary implanted in people right now , so Democratic Senator Ronald Ramsey questioned the need for the bill .
" This body is being asked to pass a law on a subject that has no real or received threat at this time , " said Ramsey .
In the end , the bill passed the Senate 47 - 2 and now goes to the house .
Tags : lawmakers , Georgia state senate , gold dome , microchip
Pumzi , Kenya 's first science fiction film , imagines a dystopian future 35 years after water wars have torn the world apart .
East African survivors of the ecological devastation remain locked away in contained communities , but a young woman in possession of a germinating seed struggles against the governing council to bring the plant to Earth 's ruined surface .
The short film , which will compete in screen at this year 's Sundance Film Festival , " started off as a small script about what kind of world we would have to be if we had to buy fresh air , " writer / director Wanuri Kahiu told Wired.com in a Skype interview .
Like recent standouts District 9 and Sleep Dealer , the short film taps into Third World realities and spins them forward for dramatic effect .
But to produce Pumzi , Kahiu looked to the past , as well as the future .
She researched classic 1950s films to create her movie 's futuristic sets , comparing the processes of matte painting and rear - screen projection with indigenous African artwork .
" We already have a tradition of tapestries and functional art and things like that , that loan a backdrop for films , " Kahiu said .
Made with grant money from Focus Features ' Africa
First short film program , the Goethe Institut and the Changamoto arts fund , Pumzi will share the screen with two other films as part of Sundance 's New African Cinema program .
Mentors from Focus Features introduced Kahiu to South African producers , including Simon Hansen , who worked with Neill Blomkamp on Alive in Joburg , the predecessor to last year 's sci - fi smash District 9 .
Kahiu said she hopes Blomkamp 's blockbuster will attract attention to other African films .
Kenya , frequently used for location shooting , boasts experienced crews but little funding .
" You just hustle , " Kahiu said .
" There is no set funding option .
You borrow against banks , you do anything that you can to make your film . "
Distribution is another difficulty .
While Kahiu hopes to offer Pumzi online , the Kenyan infrastructure is too underdeveloped to effectively distribute the film in her country .
Meanwhile , directors in the country have been watching the prolific film community in neighboring Nigeria for inspiration .
" Nollywood has its own distribution network and Kenya is slowly copying and picking up that very grass - roots distribution route , " Kahiu said .
Focus Features granted Kahiu complete control of her film .
After producing commissions for African networks and retaining no rights , she helped create Dada Productions .
Her first feature - length movie , From a Whisper , a dramatization built around the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Nairobi and Dar Es Salaam , garnered five African Academy Movie Awards .
Kahiu 's future plans include expanding Pumzi to feature length as well as nurturing her local film community .
" I would like to work and build an industry , so that everyone walks away well - paid , with great hours , " Kahiu said .
" Just a humane society , of sorts . "
Pumzi will play five times at Sundance between Friday and Jan. 30 .
For those unable to make the Utah film festival , the trailer and stills below offer a glimpse at Kahiu 's sci - fi short .
Photos courtesy Inspired Minority Pictures and One Pictures
See Also :
January 26th , 2010 marked the 60th anniversary of India 's adoption of the Constitution of India , and the 80th anniversary of its original 1930 Declaration of Independence from British rule .
The annual holiday is celebrated as Republic Day , with a grand parade held in the capital , New Delhi , and many other celebrations across the diverse nation .
Collected here are a number of photographs from the Republic Day celebrations and many more colorful glimpses of daily life from all around India .
( 40 photos total
One wonders why the story of a new paper covered on WUWT : NCAR : Number of record highs beat record lows – if you believe the quality of data from the weather stations did not include the 1930 ’s and 1940 ’s and earlier , conspicuously missing from the NCAR graphic below :
From :
“ The relative increase of record high maximum temperatures compared to record low minimum temperatures in the U.S. ” Authors : Gerald A. Meehl , Claudia Tebaldi , Guy Walton , David Easterling , and Larry McDaniel Publication : Geophysical Research Letters ( in press )
The answer : those decades are inconvenient to the conclusion Meehl makes from a cherrypicked portion of the US data .
There were many many temperature records during this period .
For example , Richard Alan Keen writes in email :
My book , Skywatch West , covers the weather and climate of the 11 western states , plus Alaska , plus 6 western Canadian provincs and territories .
The chapter on temperature extremes includes a chart of the occurrences ( by decade ) of the all - time extreme temperatures for each of the 18 states , provinces , and territories ( a total of 36 records in all ) .
Some fun statistics from this are :
Of the all - time record maximum temperatures , 10 occurred before 1940 ( the first six decades ) , and 8 after ( the second six decades ) .
For record minimum temperatures , the reverse is true : 8 records before 1940 , 10 afterwards .
Half of the records – 8 maximum and 10 minimum , a total of 18 – occurred during the middle three decades of the 1930 ’s , 40’s , and 50’s , and of these nearly a third of the total ( 10 ) were during the 1930 ’s alone .
No records occurred in the 2000 ’s up to the publication date of the book ( 2004 ) .
Since then Arizona ’s record maximum was tied , but not broken , in 2007 .
cheers , Rich
Here is his graphic :
Granted this is not the entire USA dataset , only western states , and one could say that I ’m engaging in the same sort of cherrypicking that Meehl et al engages in by illustrating it here .
But there ’s more .
Let ’s look at all the US data then .
Last year in this thread on Climate audit David Smith writes :
The graph in # 127 may be overly influenced by single extreme heat waves or cold snaps .
So , here ’s a look at broader populations .
The first is a look at the decades in which summer high temperature records were set .
This covers the contiguous US for the three typically hottest months ( June / July / August ) .
A single nationwide event would affect the records for one month but not for all three , so this plot should be less - influenced by single extreme events .
The appearance is similar to the record high plot of # 127 .
Here is a similar plot except that it is for record lows in December , January and February :
There appears to be a modest downward trend in extreme cold events .
( Note : The final bar in each chart covers 2000 - 2003 ( records posted as of May 2004 ) and is prorated so as to make an apples - to - apples visual display . )
Here ’s the combination of the two : Conclusion – the 1930s in the US were rough .
Note :
The trendlines for all three graphs are essentially flat ( no trend ) if the prorated early 2000s are excluded from the trend calculations .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Leno 's back -- but sidekick Kevin Eubanks wo n't be .
The long - time bandleader and Jay Leno sidekick will leave " The Tonight Show , " Extra ! reported Tuesday afternoon .
Eubanks , who joined the show in 1992 , " wanted a change " and decided to leave the show to go after other opportunities , according to an Extra ! source .
Eubanks first signed on to Leno 's program as part of the band , eventually ascending to the position of bandleader in 1994 .
He followed Leno to his failed prime - time effort , " The Jay Leno Show , " an NBC experiment that flopped in the ratings .
Leno will return to his " Tonight Show " late - night slot March 1 , replacing his successor , Conan O'Brien , whose version of " Tonight " also flunked .
Eubanks will be part of the March 1 debut , according to the source , but it was unclear when his final air date would be .
It seems as if Half - Life and Left 4 Dead developer Valve is looking for a few good men to engineer things for Linux and Macintosh .
Several sleuth sites , as well as more than a share of Mac - focused sites , have been reporting on a rogue sentence not - so - tucked - away in Valve 's Chris Green 's Linked
In profile , indicating that the studio is indeed doing as much .
" I work at Valve , " it reads .
" You should work at Valve . "
A hard enter .
" REALLY looking for senior Linux ( plus ) Mac engineers . "
Left 4 Dead 2 on the Macintosh ?
It could happen -- in a world where unicorns exist and cement tastes like Red Bull , that is .
A boy can dream , right ?
Valve Looking For Mac And Linux Engineers [ Inside Mac Gaming ] [ image cred ]
MIXX awards
Looks like we ’re going to have to redecorate our bookshelf , cause we ’ve only gone and won FOUR MIXX Awards !
Every year , the “ IAB MIXX Marketing and Interactive Excellence Awards ” select the best digital cases in Belgium .
We ’re very proud to have been awarded four awards this year , two for our work with visit .
brussels and two for our collaboration with Kom op tegen Kanker .
Read more
Truck Accident Attorney in Denver
In collisions involving large commercial trucks and cars , most of the people who suffer serious injuries and fatal injuries are occupants of automobiles .
As reported by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , 3,852 people were killed in collisions involving large trucks in 2015 .
In two - vehicle collisions that involve a large truck and a car , 97 percent of those who died were occupants of the passenger vehicles .
Occupants of smaller vehicles are vulnerable in any crash involving an 18 - wheeler .
Contact our Denver truck accident law firm today .
If you have been injured or lost a loved one in a collision caused by a large commercial truck driver , it is important to consult with an experienced truck accident lawyer as soon as possible .
At The Sawaya Law Firm , our semi truck accident attorneys have been successfully handling a range of truck and automobile accidents and other injury cases for more than 35 years .
Our Denver truck accident attorneys have the knowledge , skills , and resources to handle complex commercial truck accident claims .
Our Semi-Truck Accident Law Firm in Denver Can Help You
With increasing numbers of semi tractor - trailers and other big rigs on our roadways , truck accidents are bound to be common in the state of Colorado .
The NHTSA reported that 64 people died in crashes involving large commercial trucks in Colorado in 2015 .
Most of those who died were occupants of other vehicles that collided with trucks .
Nevertheless , the Insurance Information Institute ( III ) reports that only 13 large - truck occupants died in traffic crashes in Colorado in 2013 , as compared to 315 passenger vehicle occupants , 83 motorcyclists , 50 pedestrians , and 12 bicyclists .
When large and fully - loaded commercial trucks collide with much smaller vehicles , other motorists and their passengers – not the truck drivers – face the greatest risk of catastrophic or fatal injuries .
What Are Common Causes Of Truck Accidents In Denver ?
Truck driver error is a leading contributing factor to crashes involving tractor trailers and semis .
Truckers spend many hours behind the wheel and often drive too fast for roadway conditions .
Driving too fast for road or weather conditions is particularly dangerous on the steep grades and mountainous terrain of the I - 70 corridor through the Colorado high country west of Denver .
The interstate is a major east - west corridor for truck traffic and is also heavily traveled by ski traffic and visitors to the Rocky Mountains .
Truck accidents on the I - 70 corridor are common .
Under pressure to make delivery deadlines , truck drivers may drive aggressively and follow other vehicles too closely .
Large trucks take longer distances to stop safely .
When a truck driver tailgates or follows other vehicles too closely , the driver creates a situation in which an accident is unavoidable if traffic stops suddenly .
Large trucks often hit the vehicle in front of them because a driver was following too closely or driving too fast for traffic conditions .
A trucker entering a highway entrance ramp or exit ramp may lose control of the truck if the driver misjudges the safe speed to enter a curve .
Most crashes on ramps are due to misjudgment .
Truck rollovers are more likely to occur on ramps or curves if truckers approach them traveling too fast .
Although ramps and interchanges account for less than 5 percent of all highway miles , 20 to 30 percent of 18 - wheeler crashes occur on or near ramps , according the Journal of Transportation and Statistics .
A truck driver may have spent many hours behind the wheel without adequate rest .
Drivers who are dangerously fatigued pose a danger to others on the roads .
Drowsy drivers are slower to react to changes in traffic conditions to avoid a crash .
Truck drivers may be distracted and cause a crash .
Truckers often travel on unfamiliar roads to make deliveries .
Drivers may look away from the road to consult a map , set an electronic navigation system or review directions to their destination .
A study of the causes of commercial truck accidents by researchers at the University of Michigan found that 20 percent of large - truck accidents occurred when truck drivers were navigating unfamiliar roads .
The Colorado truck accident lawyers at The Sawaya Law Firm will investigate and determine all the contributing factors to your accident .
Even if you were partially at fault , the truck driver also may have contributed to the accident and be liable for your injuries .
Let us review your truck accident and go over your legal options for pursuing compensation .
Why Are Truck Accidents Different From Other Types Of Accidents ?
Truck accidents are more complex to resolve than a typical automobile collision .
One tractor trailer may have multiple insurance companies separately providing insurance coverage for the trucking company , the truck driver , the cargo shipper and the trailer owner .
Crashes involving large trucks and cars frequently produce more serious injuries to the occupants of the smaller vehicles because of the difference in the size and weight of 18 - wheelers and automobiles .
Commercial truck drivers and trucking companies are required by law to carry much higher amounts of liability insurance than automobile drivers because of the damage a large truck may cause .
That raises the financial stakes after an accident .
It also means a trucking company will have lawyers working to defend its business interests .
Our truck accident attorneys at The Sawaya Law Firm investigate each tractor trailer accident to determine all the responsible parties and all the insurance policies available to provide compensation .
If more than one party is liable , it may broaden the amount of insurance coverage available to pay for your injuries .
We craft a plan to achieve the best outcome and quickest outcome for our client .
We often represent people who have been frustrated in their dealings with another law firm and did not receive the individual attention they expected .
What Types Of Compensation Can Be Collected After a Commercial Vehicle Accident ?
Some of the types of compensation that you may be entitled to receive after a truck accident in Colorado include :
Reimbursement for your doctor bills , hospital bills , prescription medications and physical therapy as well as for future medical care related to the truck accident injury ;
Lost past and future wages ;
The cost to replace or fix your automobile , including the cost of a rental car while your vehicle is undergoing repair ;
Compensation for non-economic damages such as emotional distress and physical pain and suffering related to your injury ;
Exemplary damages may be appropriate in an accident in which the conduct of the truck driver or trucking company was outrageous .
If you or your loved one has been injured in a truck accident in Denver or anywhere in Colorado , it is important to contact a knowledgeable truck accident lawyer promptly to review the case , and start an investigation if appropriate .
How Can A Denver Truck Accident Attorney Help Me ?
A knowledgeable attorney can review the details of your injury from a truck accident and discuss whether you have a valid claim .
Our attorneys will answer your questions and help you understand the strengths and weaknesses of your case based on our years of experience handling thousands of accident claims .
We will investigate the accident in detail and identify all the parties that are responsible for your injury .
We may work with accident reconstruction experts to show how an accident occurred .
We will estimate your losses from the injury including the costs of future medical care and lost income if you cannot return to work after a serious injury .
We will submit a claim to the appropriate parties for compensation that reflects all your losses .
It is common for a trucking company or its insurer to make a settlement offer to limit their financial liability .
The offer may seem like a large sum of money at first glance .
But without legal guidance , you may not know whether the offer is reasonable .
Initial offers are often quite low .
An experienced truck accident lawyer at The Sawaya Law Firm will have an informed perspective about the value of your injury case .
That prevents an insurance company from forcing you to accept an unreasonably low settlement offer that does not reflect the full extent your losses .
The Denver truck accident lawyers at The Sawaya Law Firm will negotiate aggressively on your behalf for a full and fair settlement .
We have the experience and resources to stand up to trucking companies and seek just compensation for people who have been seriously injured by the negligence of commercial truck drivers and trucking companies .
What are Common Causes of Truck Accidents In Denver ?
Truck accidents are sometimes caused by other motorists , road hazards , vehicle failure , or weather conditions .
However , according to the Large Truck Crash Causation Study Analysis Brief published by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration ( FMCSA ) , a comprehensive study conducted by the NHTSA and the FMCSA revealed truck driver error to be a major contributing factor to accidents .
Researchers assigned the following associated factors in large - truck collisions , along with their relative risk importance :
Truck brake problems ( 29 % )
Driver traveling too fast for conditions ( 23 % )
Driver unfamiliar with the roadway ( 22 % )
Roadway problems ( 20 % )
Driver use of over - the - counter drugs ( 17 % )
Driver inadequate surveillance ( 14 % )
Driver fatigue ( 13 % )
Driver under work pressure ( 10 % )
Driver made an illegal maneuver ( 9 % )
Driver inattention ( 9 % )
Driver distraction – external ( 8 % )
Truck tire problems ( 6 % )
Truck driver tailgating ( 5 % )
Driver jackknifing truck ( 5 % )
Truck cargo shift ( 4 % )
Driver illness ( 3 % )
Driver distraction – internal ( 2 % )
Driver use of illegal drugs ( 2 % )
Driver consumption of alcohol ( 1% )
What Injuries and Damages are Associated With Semi-Truck Accidents ?
The size and speed at which large trucks travel often makes the injuries more severe .
Among victims of traffic collisions with large commercial trucks , those who survive often suffer catastrophic injuries with long - term debilitating effects .
Common truck accident injuries include :
Head and brain injuries
Back and neck injuries
Fractures
Loss of limbs
Burns
Internal injuries
Lacerations
Rib and torso injuries
Spinal cord injuries
It is important to have skilled legal representation after a truck accident resulting in serious or catastrophic injuries .
The damages you may be entitled to claim include present and future medical expenses , lost wages , lost future earnings , pain and suffering , and other losses .
Our Colorado truck accident lawyers at The Sawaya Law Firm are dedicated to fully assessing the extent of your injuries and aggressively pursuing the compensation you need .
Call us today to speak with an experienced :
Colorado truck accident lawyer
Denver truck accident lawyer
Colorado Springs truck accident lawyer
Aurora truck accident lawyer
Fort Collins truck accident lawyer
Lakewood truck accident lawyer
Thornton truck accident lawyer
Greeley truck accident lawyer
Our Truck Accident Lawyers Serve Denver , Greeley and all of Colorado
When you come to The Sawaya Law Firm after a serious truck accident , we will immediately and thoroughly investigate your accident , and file claims for the compensation we believe you are entitled to receive .
We will also work to ensure that you receive proper medical treatment for your injuries and help you get your life back on track .
Due to the multiple potentially liable parties and federal regulations involved , truck accident cases can be complicated legal matters .
Our Colorado personal injury lawyers have the skills , experience , resources , and dedication to fight for your rights and interests after a catastrophic truck accident .
Contact our office today to arrange for a case consultation with an experienced semi truck accident lawyer with our firm , free of charge .
The latest example of Rush Limbaugh ’s disgusting race - baiting merits analysis .
Listen to the first minute of this excerpt from Limbaugh ’s radio show yesterday ( courtesy of Media Matters ) :
To review : in the sound bite Limbaugh plays , taken from the President ’s talk to a group of state governors earlier in the day , Obama says , or tries to say ,
As a condition of receiving access to Title One funds , we will ask all states to put in place a plan to adopt and certify standards that are college - and career - ready in reading and math .
Obama seems to pronounce the word I ’ve boldfaced as “ ax . ” Limbaugh , after saying “ Did you catch that ? ” and playing the sound bite a second time , sneers , “ Obama can turn on that black dialect when he wants to and turn it off . ”
Then he suggests that the incorrect pronunciation was purposely spelled that way on the teleprompter .
( Very funny . )
Then he speculates that the President was trying to “ reach out ” to “ the Reverend Jackson . ”
( Ho ho , if I may be permitted a bit of “ black dialect . ” )
Then he says ,
If I use the word “ ax ” for the rest of the day , am I going to get beat up and creamed for making fun of this clean , crisp , calm , cool new articulate President ?
Maybe we should do it and see what happens .
I ’ll ax my advisers .
Emphasis Limbaugh’s .
( Limbaugh “ jokingly ” pronounces “ ask ” as “ ax ” several more times during the remainder of the program . )
What is one to make of this ?
If you listen carefully , Obama actually pronounces it “ aksk . ”
This may seem a small point , but it reinforces a larger one : Obama ’s mispronunciation obviously had nothing to do with “ black dialect . ”
It was , literally , a slip of the tongue , precipitated by what comes immediately before it in the same sentence : “ As a condition of receiving access … ” Pronounced ak - sess .
Ak - sess … aks -k .
The reader will have already noticed the racist coding of Limbaugh ’s description of Obama as “ clean ” and “ articulate . ”
Yes , I know — Joe Biden used the same words about Obama during the campaign .
But you ’d have to be pretty obtuse not to notice the difference in intent , the difference between awkwardness and haplessness on the one hand , malice and contempt on the other .
Anyway , if there were any doubt about the matter , it was cleared up later in the program , when Limbaugh described Obama ’s health - care reform as “ a civil - rights bill ” ( dittospeak for “ a black people ’s bill ” ) and “ reparations . ”
It is a continuing scandal that this vicious demagogue is kowtowed to by Republican politicians and enabled by nominally respectable media corporations and advertisers .
the scientist at the centre of the " Climategate " controversy last night denied claims that he covered up flawed data about rising world temperaturs .
Professor Phil Jones , the former head of the University of East Anglia 's climatic research unit , said the 20 - year - old study questioned by sceptics " stood up to scrutiny " and was corroborated by more recent work .
The UEA 's research centre has been under fire from climate sceptics since 13 years of emails were stolen from its servers and posted online in November in the run-up to the UN climate talks in Copenhagen .
One newspaper claimed that Professor Jones deliberately withheld information from Douglas Keenan , a * independent student of climate change , who used a freedom of information request to query data from Chinese weather stations used in the 1990 study on global warming .
Professor Jones said he was certain that the study , which drew on 42 urban and 42 rural sites , was correct because it was validated by the new data .
" I am confident .... the site movements that might have taken place at some of the sites were not that important to affect the average of the 42 sites , " he said .
The disputed paper was one of several referred to by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in its 2007 assessment of global warming , which suggested urbanisation had only a small effect on rising temperatures .
Mr Keenan raised concerns with the professor about the lack of detailed locations for the weather stations , arguing that some had " moved " during the course of the research and had subsequently rendered the data doubtful .
He also accused Wei-Chyung Wang , of the University of Albany in the US , who supplied Prof Jones with the data , of scientific fraud – a charge the university cleared him of following an inquiry .
Yesterday , Professor Jones said the UEA responded Mr Keenan 's request for information and supplied the temperature data and locations of weather stations .
He said the study had also used climate records from Australia and what was then the USSR – about which no questions had ever been raised .
Some of the Chinese sites might have moved to warmer or cooler places , and it was the large - scale average that was the key issue , he said .
Mr Jones said he was concerned that the latest allegations would undermine some aspects of climate science .
" I feel tremendously pressurised by all this but I 'm trying to continue my work in the science .
" I think it 's very important and it 's potentially very serious for the future of mankind in decades to come . "
Insisting that he " wholeheartedly " stood by the part of the IPCC 's report to which he contributed , the academic added : " The work we do at the UEA is only a small part of climate science , Thousands of climate scientists around the world support our results . "
No regrets : UN climate change chief refuses to apologise over false claim
The chief of the UN 's climate change body has refused to apologise over a mistake in a landmark 2007 report on global warming which incorrectly claimed that the Himalayan glaciers could melt away by 2035 .
Dr Rajendra Pachauri , left , chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , said it would be hypocritical to apologise for the false claim that was made two years ago , as he was not personally responsible for that part of the report .
In an interview with ' The Guardian ' , Dr Pachauri said a personal apology would be a " populist " step adding that it was an isolated mistake , down to human error and " totally out of character " for the panel .
Yoo hoo , Mr. Holder !
Gee , after reading this post by Scott Horton , it seems like Dick Cheney is just asking to be prosecuted - why not give him what he wants ?
After he was indicted for the murder of Alexander Hamilton , vice president Aaron Burr fled to South Carolina , to hide out with his daughter .
Another vice president , Spiro Agnew , kept completely silent before pleading nolo contendere on corruption charges .
Former vice president Dick Cheney , on the other hand , seems proud of his criminal misadventures .
On Sunday , he took to the airwaves to brag about them .
“ I was a big supporter of waterboarding , ” Cheney said in an appearance on ABC’s This Week on Sunday .
He went on to explain that Justice Department lawyers had been instructed to write legal opinions to cover the use of this and other torture techniques after the White House had settled on them .
Section 2340A of the federal criminal code makes it an offense to torture or to conspire to torture .
Violators are subject to jail terms or to death in appropriate cases , as where death results from the application of torture techniques .
Prosecutors have argued that a criminal investigation into torture undertaken with the direction of the Bush White House would raise complex legal issues , and proof would be difficult .
But what about cases in which an instigator openly and notoriously brags about his role in torture ?
Cheney told Jonathan Karl that he used his position within the National Security Council to advocate for the use of waterboarding and other torture techniques .
Former CIA agent John Kiriakou and others have confirmed that when waterboarding was administered , it was only after receiving NSC clearance .
Hence , Cheney was not speaking hypothetically but admitting his involvement in the process that led to decisions to waterboard in at least three cases .
Opinion Agricultural brainboxes at Stanford University say that global warming is n't likely to seriously affect poor people in developing nations , who make up so much of the human race .
Under some scenarios , poor farmers " could be lifted out of poverty quite considerably , " according to new research .
David Lobell , an agri-boffin at the Stanford Program on Food Security and the Environment ( FSE ) , explained his and his colleagues ' thinking at a conference over the weekend .
" Most projections assume that if [ food ] prices go up , the amount of poverty in the world also will go up , because poor people spend a lot of their money on food .
But poor people are pretty diverse .
There are those who farm their own land and would actually benefit from higher crop prices , " said the prof .
FSE scientists modelled three climate scenarios looking ahead to 2030 .
One was that considered most likely by the embattled UN International Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which would see global temperatures climb 1 °C over the coming two decades .
If this happens , according to the Stanford boffins , nothing much will change in terms of crop yields , food prices and the amount of poverty suffered by the human race .
More interesting , however , were the results in the less likely scenarios where temperatures rise only 0.5 °C , or alternatively climb by 1.5°C .
These results are considered unlikely by the IPCC ; the chance of either occurring is only 5 per cent .
But some counterintuitive results could be expected , according to Lobell .
In the blistering +1.5 °C scenario , crop yields could be expected to fall significantly and as a result food prices would climb .
Wealthy Westerners would grumble , but as they spend relatively little of their money on food they could cope relatively easily .
They say that you can't judge a book by its cover , but every year publishers spend loads of time and effort getting designers to create covers that will stand out from the crowd of books on the shelf and get consumers to take them home .
The cover may not tell the story , but it is certainly an important part of how people choose and remember their favorite books .
Here are a few covers from the past and present that have stood out for their innovative designs , great artwork or just plain eye - catching images , many of which are not only pretty to look at but represent books that can help you learn more and stay entertained outside of your college courses .
Classics
Many of these covers have become as iconic as the books they represent .
Non-Fiction
From memoirs to philosophy tomes , these books have covers that make them stand out .
Modern Works
Take a look at these covers to see some inspiring and intriguing artwork .
Innovative Designs
The cover designs on these books take the art form to new places with fresh ideas and new ways to bring in readers to the material .
Science Fiction and Fantasy
From the bold minimalism of Chip Kidd to the lush illustrations of Michael Whelan , these book covers are hard to forget .
Children 's Literature
These books have memorable artwork both inside and out .
On April 24 , I wrote Let the Criminal Indictments Begin : Paulson , Bernanke , Lewis .
You will be pleased to read Ex - BofA chief Lewis charged with fraud .
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said Thursday it was bringing civil charges against senior Bank of America executives , including former company CEO Ken Lewis , for their role in the company 's controversial purchase of Merrill Lynch .
Cuomo's office , which has been aggressively pursuing an investigation into the merger and subsequent bonuses paid to former Merrill employees , said it was charging Lewis and Bank of America 's former chief financial officer Joe Price with fraud .
The lawsuit contends that the bank 's management team understated the losses at Merrill in order to get shareholders to approve the deal , then subsequently overstated the firm 's willingness to terminate the merger to regulators weeks later in order to get $ 20 billion of additional aid from the federal government .
" Bank of America and its officials defrauded the government and the taxpayers at a very difficult and sensitive time , " Cuomo said at a press conference Thursday , joined by federal bailout cop Neil Barofsky , whose office aided in the investigation .
" I believe that Bank of America officials exploited this fear . "
One Down , Many More To Go
April 24 , 2009
June 26 , 2009
July 17 , 2009
October 20 , 2009
January 07 , 2010
January 26 , 2010
January 28 , 2010
Neil Barofsky Says Handcuffs Are Coming
Barofsky Has 77 Active Fraud Cases
Investigations of misconduct related to the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program expanded in the fourth quarter as the U.S. rescue fund ’s watchdog increased opened cases by 41 percent .
Special Inspector General Neil Barofsky began 25 criminal and civil probes in the quarter , and had 77 total active cases , according to a quarterly report to Congress published yesterday .
Examiners are looking into possible wrongdoing linked to the financial - industry bailout , including insider trading , accounting violations , mortgage fraud , obstruction of justice and money laundering , according to the report .
Barofsky did n’t identify the targets of pending investigations , though details of some cases have emerged separately .
Barofsky confirmed last week he is probing whether the Federal Reserve Bank of New York improperly limited release of information about payments to American International Group Inc. ’s counterparties when the insurer was rescued .
A West Texas jury took but an hour Thursday to acquit a nurse who had been charged with a felony after alerting the state medical board that a doctor at her hospital was practicing unsafe medicine .
The uncommon prosecution had ignited deep concern among health care workers and advocates for whistle - blowers about a potential chilling effect on the reporting of malpractice .
But after a four - day trial in Andrews , Tex. , a state court jury quickly found that the nurse , Anne Mitchell , was not guilty of the third - degree felony charge of “ misuse of official information . ”
Conviction could have carried a prison sentence of up to 10 years and a fine of up to $ 10,000 .
The prosecution said Mrs. Mitchell , 52 , who had been a nurse at Winkler County Memorial Hospital for 25 years , had used her position to obtain and disseminate confidential information  patient file numbers  in her letter to the medical board with the intent of harming Dr. Rolando G. Arafiles Jr .
The prosecutor argued that state law required that reports of misconduct be made in good faith , and that Mrs. Mitchell had been waging a vendetta against Dr. Arafiles since his arrival at the hospital in April 2008 .
The Associated Press
For the part of their job that some tennis players have always disliked - flying - Jack Sock says he toyed with what would have been a novel solution to the problem of how to stay coronavirus - free on planes :
Wear a head - to - toe beekeeper 's suit .
Globally , air travel is down more than 85 % from a year ago , according to industry figures .
'' Shocking ' ' and ' ' weird ' ' is how Sock , competing in Paris at the French Open , described his recent stopover at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport .
A bed of nails conjures mental images of extreme asceticism , potential pain and times past .
This bench of nails inverts that association with a smooth , curved and rippled surface for comfortable seating and an extremely contemporary look that shifts and changes from each angle of view .
The underlying wood is cut , smoothed and scorched to fade it to the background while the nails on top are ground down to reveal their inner silver shine and stand out visually against the dark wooden surface below .
Bed of Nails
Portrait of Nails
Toothpicks Art
We Recommend :
After a 6 - 0 loss to the Colorado Avalanche last night there is n't a lot of hope for the present for Oiler fans .
Today , Lowetide responded by mostly ignoring the present and looking to a more hopeful future with the help of Gabriel Desjardins .
I will be doing much the same , but instead of looking at what 's to come in 2010 , I 'm going to follow yesterday 's post looking at the forwards drafted in 2009 with a post that will look at those forwards who were drafted in 2008 .
I will again be using Gabriel Desjardins ' NHL equivalencies which estimate the amount of offence we can expect a prospect to bring with him to the NHL from the league he 's playing in today .
After the jump , I 'll take a look at the data .
Desjardins ' equivalency numbers are based on the actual performance of players moving from one league to another season over season .
Based on their historical performance , each league has a different equivalency number .
What I 've done in the chart below is taken each player 's goals , assists and points , converted them to a " per game " rate , multiplied them by the league equivalency number , and then expressed them as an " NHL equivalency " assuming an 82 - game NHL season .
I 've used this article for the translations from the NHL , KHL ( multiply offence by 0.83 ) , SEL ( 0.78 ) , FNL ( 0.54 ) , DEL ( 0.52 ) , AHL ( 0.44 ) , NCAA ( 0.41 ) , WHL ( 0.30 ) , OHL ( 0.30 ) and QMJHL ( 0.28 ) .
I 've used this article for the translations from the USHL ( 0.27 ) and AJHL ( 0.16 ) .
As I said yesterday , I 'm not completely sure if the equivalency numbers I 'm using are the most up - to - date information but no one has said otherwise as of yet so I 'm pressing on .
If you know of If you of more current numbers than those found in the links above , please let me know and I 'd be happy to run the numbers again .
A few explanations before I post the chart .
As i noted yesterday , not all of the players drafted in 2008 are the same age .
Several players had already passed through the draft at least once ( and sometimes twice ) .
All of these older players are included in the chart but are marked in yellow .
I 've also included any players who were drafted in 2009 but for whom 2008 was the year they were first eligible to be drafted .
All of these players have an " ND " in the " Draft Number " column to indicate that they were n't drafted until 2009 .
Injured players are at the bottom of the chart marked in red .
Some players are in a league that Desjardins does n't cover ( ECHL and European minor leagues ) ; they are also at the bottom of the chart and marked in green .
Anytime a player had played games in more than one league , I used only the numbers from the league he played in most often .
Finally , the " Draft Number " column is not the player 's actual draft position but the player 's position among forwards .
So , for example Jordan Eberle was drafted by the Edmonton Oilers 22nd overall but was the 11th forward to be drafted .
As such , his " Draft Number " in the chart is " 11 . "
I broke the chart into three portions so it would be easier to read , but you can still click on it to enlarge .
I think it 's very interesting that two of the top ten and three of the top twenty players by this measure passed through the draft in 2008 and were then picked in 2009 .
Marcus Kruger , Brandon Kozun and Mike Hoffman all compare very well , not only to the draft class of 2009 , but also to the draft class of 2008 , i.e. players of the same age .
One thing all three of these players have in common ( other than their ability to bring offence ) is their size .
As you may have already guessed , all three guys are small .
If I had to bet on one to make an impact in the NHL , I think it would be Kruger .
Not only are his numbers the best of the three players , but he 's also having that success against full - grown men in the Swedish Elite League .
On the other hand , of the first ten forwards drafted in 2008 , only four of them make the top thirty in terms of offence .
Stamkos and Filatov are both bringing offence at the level you 'd expect ( though Filatov has had some difficulties with authority in Columbus ) and Josh Bailey 's totals are actually in the NHL which makes them a wee bit more impressive ( the only guys considered " NHL " players this year are Stamkos , Bailey and James Wright of the Tampa Bay Lightning who has 5 points in 47 games and was drafted in the fourth round ) .
The Bruins are also likely very pleased with the progress of the 6 '5 ''
Joe Colborne who has been a point - per game player for the University of Denver .
That kind of size to go along with strong offence is a very good combination .
But what of the rest ?
Well , Cody Hodgson and Anton Gustafsson have struggled with injuries , Hodgson this season and Gustafsson last season .
Gustafsson seems to be having trouble getting back to his pre-injury level though with only 13 points in 22 games in Sweden 's second - best league .
Considering the Caps traded up to get him ( and selected him one slot ahead of Eberle ) , this development must be wildly disappointing for them .
Kyle Beach is similar to Colbourne in that he 's a big kid .
His offence is decent but it 's somewhat concerning that he has n't taken a step forward this season .
The last three players are Mikkel Boedker ( who played in the NHL last season when he probably was n't ready ) , Zach Boychuk and Colin Wilson who have all struggled to bring high level offence at the AHL level .
None of those three are done as prospects for sure but I 'd imagine the Coyotes , Hurricanes and Predators were all expecting a bit more .
So how about the Oilers ?
Look at that Jordan Eberle .
I know it 's been said in the past that one should expect a big junior season when the player is two years removed from the draft but it 's hard not to be impressed .
There are 51 players on this list playing in the CHL and Eberle is destroying every one of them .
That 's got to count for something .
Size and footspeed were concerns on draft day and likely still are , but he was highly rated despite those things and he's now passed a slew of guys that were ahead of him offensively on draft day .
It 's hard not to be happy .
The other Oiler picks are also showing well , in that they have a chance .
Both Philippe Cornet and Teemu Hartikainen have moved up the chart big - time relative to their draft class and can both be considered legitimate prospects .
The Oilers only drafted three forwards in the draft but all three are now in the top thirty offensively among players born between September 15 1989 and September 15 1990 .
Slava Trukhno stands as a warning signal , but it would take a terrible reversal of fortune for this 2008 draft to look bad for the Oilers .
Another team that picked up some nice offensive guys late is Columbus .
In addition to Filatov , the Bluejackets have Cameron Atkinson ( 6th round ) , Matt Calvert ( 5th round ) and Tomas Kubalik ( 5th round ) in the top twenty .
Atkinson is tiny and was taken as an overager ( though not by much , his birthday is in June of 1989 ) so you can see why he was taken so late .
Calvert has similar concerns ( size and birthday ( December 1989 ) ) but at least he can score .
Kubalik is a bigger player , but apparently his skating is an issue .
Still , three picks in the 5th and 6th round and three players who can bring offence is a nice draft .
The most interesting draft probably belongs to the Islanders .
They traded down twice ( 68th OV and a second in 2009 from Toronto and then 40th OV from Nashville ) before settling on Josh Bailey with the 9th overall selection in the draft .
That 's a nice haul in terms of strategy and looks inspired since they seem to have been right about the player too .
They then took Corey Trivino and David Toews who are both struggling in the NCAA , followed by Kirill Petrov who has yet to score in the KHL ( and is thus at the very bottom of the list ) but had 10 points in 6 games for Russia in the WJC's .
They closed out their forward picks with three overagers , one of whom ( David Ullstrom ) is having a pretty good year in the SEL .
Next up is 2007 , but that 's probably as far back as I 'll go .
At some point you want the " E " at the end of NHLE to disappear .
DEMOCRACY SHALL NOT WIN
“ … this is the dead land
this is cactus land
here the stone images
are raised , here they receive
the supplication of a dead man ’s hand
under the twinkle of a fading star …
…. between the idea and the reality
between the motion and the act
falls the shadow
between the conception and the creation
between the motion and the response
falls the shadow .
Life is very long
between the desire and the spasm
between the potency and the existence
between the essence and the decent
falls the shadow
For thine is the kingdom
For thine is life
This is the way the world ends
Not with a whimper
but a bang . ”
( reversed excerpt from T.S. Eliot ’s poem “ The Hollow Men ” on Guy Fawks , who attempted to blow up the British Parliament )
If it sounds unthinkable in our days for anyone to speak against democracy without being labeled a conservative or a fascist , it is because propaganda resides in the houses and in the minds of [ democracy ’s own ] subjects .
Democracy ’s totalitarianism has otherwise nothing to envy from previous totalitarian regimes .
Nepotism , aristocracy , men of the court , favoured men , businessmen , mediators , contractors and publishers still rule social life , while down “ below ” remain unjustly treated and at the same time , always willing to be “ fooled ” .
Society continues to passively tolerate them and wants to take their place at the same time .
The ambitions of becoming easily rich , of spectacularly advancing to a higher social class , of having a career , accumulating property , securing material objects and double - locked doors is what democratic prosperity comes to promise .
And so , the willful subjects surrender to the totalitarianism of capitalist sovereignty placed against a democratic background .
The exploitation of our labour and our lives intensifies , social disparities grow , the world ’s police become militarised , spectacle rules – material , and at times intellectual and emotional decadence becomes the choice of the many .
Most of this is not new .
This has been , more or less , the state of social life under any authority .
Yet today , democracy sugars the pill .
Democracy is the coup d’etat that does n’t bring tanks out on the streets but TV cameras and reporter microphones instead .
Democracy rules with the power of its propaganda .
Labour is protected in the constitution as a supreme right , social disparities are the achievement of the free market and of competition , the police protect and serve the social demand for security , the spectacle protects the freedom of expression and your next - door neighbour might come to a plight , but it ’s not you , so why bother …
Democracy ’s new social contract is ratified across western capitals : in - between confiscated cars , endless queues forming outside social security services , the torturing take place inside police stations , new cell phone special offers , flat - screen TVs , unemployment benefits , psychological problems and loneliness , upsurges of nationalist pride and unpaid loan installments .
And most importantly , non of this was forced upon anyone , nor was it carried by the order of some junta generals .
These are “ the people ’s grand achievements ” .
This is why we claim that democracy is technique and the ability of power not to be understood as oppression .
Capitalism is the boss and democracy is its spokesperson .
We are not naive to believe that “ the chosen few ” the people have elected are really in charge .
They obviously comprise bearers of state orders , “ men and ladies of honor ” .
Most of them are not to be taken seriously anyway .
Democracy ’s main role is to function as the smokescreen for the monstrous capitalist machine .
It is the systemic shop - front , modeled upon the mafia economy .
It “ launders dirty money ” , it keeps the “ profile clean ” , sees that everybody gets “ paid ” ( from those working in parking lots up to singers ) it has an army of bouncers ( from formal police force to para - state agents ) and the clients ( i.e. the proud people ) always pay on time .
It would be a mistake on our side if we did not at this point mention the upgraded role of journalists in these dealings .
Nowadays , in the democracy of our time , the media have taken on the role of mediators traditionally reserved for political parties .
It is not by coincidence that an increasing wave of political officials are prime - time journalists [ in greece , trans ] .
This is part of democracy ’s advanced communication strategy .
It now becomes clear how politicians and journalists work side by side .
Their rhetoric might seem differentiated on TV news and on talk shows , depending on who might be speaking and whose interests are served – however , they have one common direction : to justify and to defend democracy .
All talks and disagreements end up there .
In order to achieve this , they invent an imaginary dialogue between society and politicians , using journalists as mediators .
This is why they use the truth of a democratic “ public opinion ” .
They construct the “ immovable ” truth of a majority that nobody dares to question .
The truth in opinion polls and numbers .
This is how public opinion becomes a client of political parties and vice versa .
This is how politicians and journalists shape social relationships , and transform them at will .
At the same time , relationships change as opinion polls that supposedly derive from society eventually return and come to shape society through the spectacle .
And so the people , just like consumers , are always right .
In this odd clientelist relationship , democracy , allied with the media comes to shape social behaviours .
Especially nowadays , the epidemic of fear is spreading .
On the one hand are the American - fed employees of the ministry of police , with their imaginative statements and the “ leaked information ” about ruthless terrorists , and on the other hand , the journalists ’ cutting headlines and stories on an “ upsurge of violence ” and “ violence and insecurity ” .
In this way the squeeze and mix together different cases and contrastive incidents – bank robberies with pick - pocketing , arson attacks with mafia dealings , kidnappings of rich people with trafficking , setting a price on the heads of three comrades with those of the aspiring murderers of [ migrant worker and syndicalist Konstantina ] Kuneva …
In this way , the demand for security is restored and the ideology of terror is produced .
We bring up these examples , because with them as a guide we can perceive a percentage of the operation of democracy .
All the statements and announcements above are in reality not made in order to face the problem of “ criminality ” .
“ Criminality ” partly serves certain state interests .
The objective therefore is not exactly neither safety neither order , but their spectacular reflection .
What happens with democracy is exactly the same .
When the institutional minister of police declares that he will not turn
Athens into a police - city , when he meets with local self - government officials to discuss the issue of criminality and when he claims that police departments and the parliament will remain “ unguarded ” defending , in this way , the freedoms of democracy , he simply does not tell the truth .
Because in reality democracy is the spectacular reflection and the substitute of freedom .
No freedom can exist for as long as democracy exists .
Of course , beyond these tricks and techniques , even if democracy in its substance did exist , we would never understand an axiom that invokes the “ objective ” right of the many over the few .
History has proven we should have no confidence in the opinion of the masses .
The persons that willingly adopt for themselves the term of “ the people ” and who speak as part of “ we the people , who pay for it all ” , abandon every creative self - confidence and let themselves drift in the fallacy of their leaders .
This is the people .
A noisy mass with lowered heads , incessant moaning , misery and crowd mentality that degrades life to repeated operations and sequences of rules .
No good reason exists for us to respect its judgement and its choices .
We wish for a world in which each one individually will undertake their responsibilities , will communicate their thoughts , exchange arguments , will have the courage of their opinion even if questioned by the majority , without hiding behind representatives and mediators .
Voters in democracy are never satisfied with their lives and their environment .
They always have a complaint about something , they exasperate , they are angry and protest – but every four years they wrap their conscience in a ballot and support , once again , the system .
They postpone crucial decisions about their life until the next elections , believing as they do that someone more suitable , more correct and more fair than the previous one will come to power .
They stubbornly refuse to admit that no one is more capable than themselves to manage their own life , as otherwise they would be confronted with the void of their life , the years of resignation , an entire life of captivity – and they would have to admit that they have been slaves .
That they were victims of fallacy – and no one is ever willing to degrade themselves in this way , by admitting something like this .
They prefer to always blame others , the incompetent politicians , the foreigners , the terrorists , everyone but themselves .
No one offends his ego , even if for the rest time , they will let themselves be trampled by the system .
For us however , the issue is the questioning and the rupture with any dominating system , never mind how liberal they may be presented to be .
We understand that the power for the management of our lives lies within us – and the decision of how we shall live belongs to us .
Which is something that the voter refuses to understand : the power of their self to exceed set barriers , the prohibitions , moral values , ideals and to define their Ego by themselves .
As a result we believe that the voter is responsible to a large extent for what happens to them , since it is their own life decisions and choices that perpetuate their very condition .
“… All that frighten us are consequential of the system , and the one causing the terror is the voter inside us , the one who maintains the system … ”
( extract from an interview of prisoner V. Stefanakos )
Amidst all this , the new urban guerrilla movement “… is not a dry political proposal , but the revolutionary dimension of the existential human problem .
The passage to illegal action reverses the limits of a miserable , routine survival and realises a revolutionary being ” ( Group of Revolutionary Internationalist Solidarity “ Christos Kassimis ” ) .
To begin to fight means to stop seeing yourself through the eyes of the system , to allow no more for yourself to be determined by coercions , to be freed from fear .
This imminent need for liberation can find itself within the guerrilla groups and revolutionary alliances .
It is reasonable that the enemy deals with these ventures by using the language of lies and of calumny .
It does not impress us that once again democracy ’s propaganda resorts to cheap artifices such as the “ theory of communicating containers ” [ a police claim that certain urban guerrilla groups hold members in common – trans ] .
The supposed existence of a central directorate , of the big heads , some specialised bomb constructor and a common revolutionary fund , want to isolate the new guerrilla movement and to present it as being then work of a dark clique of persons with suspicious connections .
In practice however , things are much simpler .
The conscience and the determination of certain persons to terminate the habit of survival are enough in order to pass from resistance to attack , to place the question of liberation – not in a vague future for the following generations , but in the permanent present ; here and now , for their own selves – and this is how a guerrilla group is born .
But the opponent wants history to be repeated as a farce .
The “ theory of communicating containers ” is a carbon copy of the technique of the post - dictatorial years of the “ droplets theory ” .
Then , the lie was that in guerrilla groups and the social conflicts of that time participated persons from the junta and fascists aiming at the destabilisation of democracy and a return of the junta .
Then , also , there supposedly existed some “ dark decision - making centres and a common directorial ” .
It is a constant tactic of the state , when it does not want to recognise something , to “ explain ” it in the direction that it itself wishes .
Authority amends history seeking to prevent the enlargement of the practice of guerrilla warfare .
Because it is henceforth obvious that the existence of a diffused guerilla network across the whole of greece , with old and new anarchist arson organisations , with raiding assaults in city centres , as these were materialised in December , the organization Anarchists of Action in the city of Kavala , all these prove that across the greek capitalistic territory , the rear lines will never be secure again .
In line with this strategy , on the evening of Saturday 9th of January we placed an explosive device in the courtyard of the parliament , beside the monument of the unknown soldier .
Two comrades approached the courtyard while two others were in the wider area as support group .
The two cops that stood at a distance of roughly eight meters from the point that the device was left , and stood there for plenty of time , did not trouble us and we went ahead with placing it .
As for the area ’s supposed “ impenetrable ” status we respond that determination , planning and imagination arm the
revolutionaries to achieve what is presented as being “ unachievable ” .
An imposing , “ royal - origin ” , building , the temple of democracy , surrounded by the most cutting - edge systems of surveillance and a large number of policemen did not stand as an obstacle to our choice .
The choice , that is , to offend this symbol , the prestige of democracy without any moral hesitation .
Each place has its vulnerable point and the satisfaction of finding it will never cease .
Now in regard to the communicative game of the not supposed non-removal of the presidential guard from the area of the attack , as a heroic action , this is inaccurate to say the least .
Obviously the truth that we as much as the enemy knows , is that they were moved to the upper courtyard of Parliament before the explosion , in order for them to have suitable cover .
We know as much as the explosives experts of the police do that anyone who would have remained in a radius of ten meters [ from the explosion ] would have been wounded at least .
Finally we want to point out that roughly four months after our supposed dismantling we obviously remain active .
The spectacular fiesta after a raid in a student house in which absolutely nothing was found to connect our organisation with it reveals the system ’s tendency for revenge : persons are targeted , others are detained without trial and the prosecutions have no end , all based on these people ’s political identity , without the slightest clue of a connection with us .
Our organisation suffered no blow whatsoever , to the contrary we are continuously strengthened as part of the Revolutionary Development .
In either case , our actions speak for themselves .
To democracy we shall show no respect , only rage and attack .
WE DEMAND THE IMMEDIATE TERMINATION OF THE PRE - TRIAL DETENTIONS OF THE 3 DEFENDANTS FOR THE CONSPIRACY OF CELLS OF FIRE
WE DEMAND THE END OF PROSECUTIONS OF INDIVIDUALS THAT HAVE BEEN ACCUSED IN CONNECTION TO OUR ORGANISATION
THE EXTENSION OF THEIR HOSTAGE CONDITION CONSTITUTES AN OPEN INVITE FOR THE INTENSIFICATION OF OUR ATTACKS
We do not forget the Urban Guerrillas and the Undisciplined Fighters that lost their lives in the fight against the system , for dignity and for freedom Ch. Kassimis , Ch. Tsoutsouvis , M. Prekas , Ch. Marinos , Ch. Temperekidis .
We send our solidarity to the guerrilla fighter Dimitris Koufondinas who is imprisoned in democracy ’s white cells .
GUERRILLA GROUP OF TERRORISTS – CONSPIRACY OF CELLS OF FIRE
By Andrew Welsh - Huggins
Associated Press
COLUMBUS , Ohio —
An Ohio woman who asked that police be called after she caught her 6 - year - old daughter shoplifting a package of stickers said Wednesday that she was just trying to teach the girl a lesson early in life .
Diane Lyons said she does n't believe she overreacted when she discovered the girl , Shiane , had taken the $ 3.11 package of stickers used to make temporary tattoos .
An older 10 - year - old daughter told Lyons about the theft .
Chief Ronald Yeager of the Carrollton Police Department in eastern Ohio arrived at the Discount Drug Mart Dec. 15 and took the girl to the police station in his cruiser before releasing her to Lyons .
Yeager told Lyons the girl sat quietly in the car on the way to the police .
A phone message was left with Yeager on Wednesday .
" I do n't think I went too far , " Lyons said in a phone interview .
" You 've got to catch them when they first start if they do something wrong . "
Lyons , 31 , asked about collecting a $ 30 reward for turning in shoplifters but decided not to follow up because she felt bad about doing it .
" People think that I set her up or something to get the reward , " Lyons said .
Lyons said she 's seen parents give children a light spanking in similar situations but felt that was n't enough in Shiane 's case .
She 's confident the girl learned her lesson .
" I do n't think Shiane would do it again , I really do n't , because of all that I did , " Lyons said .
A Discount Drug Mart spokesman said Wednesday he was not familiar with the case .
Chief Financial Officer Tom McConnell said he could recall at least one other time in a store where parents also asked that police be called on a shoplifting child .
Microsoft is working to patch the vulnerability through a software update Microsoft has admitted that its Internet Explorer was a weak link in the recent attacks on Google 's systems that originated in China .
The firm said in a blog post on Thursday that a vulnerability in the browser could allow hackers to remotely run programs on infected machines .
Following the attack , Google threatened to end its operations in China .
Microsoft has released preliminary guidance to mitigate the problem and is working on a formal software update .
So far , Microsoft " has not seen widespread customer impact , rather only targeted and limited attacks exploiting Internet Explorer 6 " .
" Based upon our investigations , we have determined that Internet Explorer was one of the vectors used in targeted and sophisticated attacks against Google and possibly other corporate networks , " said Microsoft 's director of security response Mike Reavey in the post .
' Unfortunate ' Security firm McAfee told news agency AFP that the attacks on Google , which targeted Chinese human rights activists worldwide , showed a level of sophistication above that of typical , isolated cyber criminal efforts .
McAfee 's vice - president of threat research Dmitri Alperovitch told AFP that although the firm had " no proof that the Chinese are behind this particular attack , I think there are indications though that a nation - state is behind it " .
The recent spate of attacks was alleged to have hit more than 30 companies including Google and Adobe , but security firms have since said that such invasions are routine .
Mr Reavey echoed this in the post .
" Unfortunately cyber crime and cyber attacks are daily occurrences in the online world .
Obviously , it is unfortunate that our product is being used in the pursuit of criminal activity .
We will continue to work with Google , industry leaders and the appropriate authorities to investigate this situation . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Next month 's summit on climate change in Copenhagen must set a deadline for a legally binding document , Denmark 's climate minister said today .
Connie Hedegaard said it is very important to set the deadline " as soon as possible " in the text to be agreed upon in the Danish capital .
She spoke at the start of a two - day closed meeting of climate negotiators from nearly 40 countries who are preparing for the Copenhagen UN summit , which starts on 7 December .
The head of the UN climate change secretariat , Yvo de Boer , said participants at the Copenhagen meeting must come up with " a series of clear decisions " in order to have a treaty within six months of the conference ending .
It would be designed to replace the 1997 Kyoto protocol , which expires in 2012 .
Yesterday , Barack Obama supported plans to delay a legally binding deal until next year at the earliest , pushing for next month 's meeting to become a first - stage series of commitments rather than an all - encompassing protocol .
Michael Froman , US deputy national security adviser for economic affairs , said : " There was a realistic assessment ... by the leaders that it was unrealistic to expect a full internationally legally binding agreement to be negotiated between now and when Copenhagen starts in 22 days . "
Germany also said today that Chancellor Angela Merkel plans to attend the summit on its final two days , after annoucements last week by leaders including Gordon Brown and the Australian prime minister , Kevin Rudd , that they would be attending .
Merkel 's spokesman , Christoph Steegmans , said the chancellor does not expect the meeting to produce a legally binding accord to cut greenhouse gas emissions , but that she expects " an important step toward a treaty " to be made .
Merkel was instrumental in securing the Kyoto protocol , which was approved while she served as Germany 's environment minister .
The Danish prime minister , Lars Lokke Rasmussen , is urging world leaders to attend the conference , which has been billed by many as a last chance to halt dangerous climate change .
Obama has yet to confirm he will be going , though this month he said he would attend if countries were on " the brink of a meaningful agreement " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Taliban gunmen and suicide bombers have attacked buildings in the heart of the Afghan capital , Kabul , setting off explosions and sparking gun battles .
Fighting erupted near the Serena Hotel and the presidential palace , although Afghan President Hamid Karzai says security has now been restored .
The Taliban said 20 of its fighters had taken part in the attack on Kabul .
Two civilians and three security personnel have been killed plus 71 others wounded , officials say .
Seven attackers had also been killed , Interior Minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar said .
AT THE SCENE John Simpson ,
BBC News , Kabul Afghan troops dealt with the attack quickly and impressively , but the fact the Taliban could stage an assault on this scale in the heart of Kabul is deeply disturbing for the government and the multi-national force supporting it .
The attacks were carefully co-ordinated and involved smuggling in at least one and possibly more heavy machine guns plus light weaponry and explosives .
In that sense , the fact that the attack was soon dealt with is far less significant than the fact that the Taliban was able to carry it out .
It was presumably intended to mark the swearing in of President Karzai 's new cabinet and no doubt to damage the government in the eyes of the world before next week 's international conference .
In the eerie darkness of Kabul I spoke to a group of Afghan special forces who had fought the insurgents - tough impressive men .
I asked if the Taliban could win this war .
No , they shouted .
But there are other ways to win a war than simply fighting .
And persuading the world that the Taliban can strike when and how they want is one of them .
The city is now calm but there is concern that some of the attackers may still be at large .
It is the latest in a series of increasingly brazen attacks on Kabul .
A statement on a Taliban website said the raid had targeted government buildings and the hotel .
The attacks began at about 0950 ( 0520 GMT ) when a suicide bomber detonated his explosives in front of the Central Bank , next to the presidential palace , Afghan security officials said .
Minutes later , two or three suicide bombers plus armed militants took over a multi-storey shopping centre overlooking the presidential palace , and attacked other government buildings and the five - star Serena Hotel .
While security forces lay siege to the shopping centre , a suicide bomber driving a van painted as an ambulance stopped outside another shopping centre nearby and detonated his explosives , officials said .
Intelligence chief Amrullah Saleh said militants next took over a building beside the Ariana cinema and took two children hostage , although they were later released .
Explosions and gun battles then broke out at various locations in the area until security forces declared the situation under control at about 1500 local time ( 1230 GMT ) .
The head of US forces in Afghanistan , Gen Stanley McChrystal , praised the work of Afghan forces in quelling Monday 's attack .
" Afghan National Security Forces effectively dealt with the situation and should be commended .
We convey our heartfelt condolences to the innocent victims of this cowardly attack , " he said in a statement issued by the Nato - led International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) .
The Taliban fighters were armed with rocket - propelled grenades and small arms , the Isaf statement said .
A statement from the president 's office said : " The Afghan president wants to assure the inhabitants of Kabul that the security situation is under control and order has once again been restored . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It added : " The president condemns these terrorist attacks and has instructed the security entities to intensify security in the city and take action to arrest those responsible for these brutal and unpatriotic attacks . "
The BBC's Mark Dummett , who had been holed up in the basement of a building in the area during the attack , said the city was in lockdown , with hundreds of security officers patrolling the streets .
He said the discrepancy between the number of insurgents the Taliban said had taken part and the number given by officials suggested there could still be militants at large , and everyone remained on guard .
Speaking to BBC
News from inside the ministry of finance , civil servant Emal Masood said he could see that the Feroshgah - e - Afghan shopping centre was burned out .
RECENT KABUL ATTACKS 15 Dec 09 : Six killed in suicide attack near hotel in Wazir Akbar Khan district 24 Oct 09 : Six UN staff and three Afghans killed in attack on UN guesthouse 8 Oct 09 : Suicide bomber attacks Indian embassy , killing at least 17 17 Sept 09 : Six Italian soldiers and 10 Afghans die in military convoy blast 18 Aug 09 : Suicide blast kills 10 in attack on convoy of Western troops 11 Feb 09 : Assault on three government buildings kills 27 , including eight attackers
In pictures : Kabul attack Eyewitnesses : Completely burned
He said : " One of my friends has a shop there .
He told me two men entered - insurgents , yes - and were yelling at people to get out of the building .
He said he left his shop open and ran away .
Police were coming in as he ran out . "
The US condemned the attack .
Special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke said : " It 's not surprising that the Taliban do this sort of thing .
They are desperate people , they are ruthless . "
Taliban militants have launched a number of recent attacks on Kabul .
In October , five UN staff were killed in a raid on a UN guesthouse .
The Serena Hotel was also targeted in the attack .
Our correspondent , Mark Dummett , says there will be huge concern that the militants have again broken through to the most protected part of the city , although security forces say they do prevent many other attacks .
Monday 's attack comes amid continuing political uncertainty in Afghanistan .
Mr Karzai was swearing in new members of his cabinet at the time of the raid .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Afghan MP Daoud Sultanzoy told the BBC it was not a coincidence that the attack started at 1000 local time , " almost exactly the same time that part of the cabinet would have been sworn in only 100 m away " .
A large number of cabinet posts remain vacant .
Parliament has twice rejected many of Mr Karzai 's nominations for a new cabinet , forcing the president to direct deputy ministers or other caretaker figures to run their ministries .
The uncertainty comes ahead of a key conference on Afghanistan in London later this month .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
European leaders are quietly considering whether to come to the aid of their troubled neighbor Greece amid fears that the nation might default on its debts and unleash another round of financial crisis .
Only a month after Dubai was rescued by its neighboring emirate Abu Dhabi , Germany , France and other European powers are discussing whether Greece might need a bailout too .
After a decade of debt - fueled profligacy , Greece is confronting what amounts to a run on the bank .
And , despite repeated assurances from Athens , the nation ’s strained finances have put already jittery financial markets on edge .
On Thursday , the worries stretched all the way to Wall Street , where the stock market sank 1.1 percent .
Some economists worry that Greece ’s troubles could have deep and lasting repercussions for Europe .
The crisis poses complex challenges for the euro , which Greece adopted in 2001 .
The currency sank to a six - month low against the dollar and yen on Thursday .
We Norwegians are extremely pleased when we get a moment in the limelight .
It ’s usually when our fjords and islands are declared among the most beautiful on the planet , when we manage to broker a peace agreement between enemies in foreign lands ( which fall apart the next week , but we pretend not to notice ) or when we get the award for the most expensive pint in the world .
It is therefore with undiluted joy I can tell you that an Oslo restaurant is in the top 50 beer restaurants of the world , according to ratebeer .
No , it ’s not near the top of the list , but it is a strong symbol of how the Norwegian market has changed over just a few years .
Olympen has Norwegian micros on tap , a full range of bottled beers from the best domestic and imports and a food menu to match .
Their mark up is moderate , especially for the more rare imports , and they actively seek a dialogue with their customers .
It ’s not rocket science , just a simple concept that works .
Best of all , it is a success .
It ’s not a place struggling to circulate the contents of their cellar .
Every time I pop in , there are people drinking micro beers on some tables .
And according to press reports , they are making good money from this concept .
Anything negative about the place ?
It ’s hopeless to take good photos there in the evening .
Cheers to Olympen !
A wide variety of organizations , working together with ANH - USA , have swung into action to stop John McCain ’s new bill that threatens dietary supplements .
Already thousands of messages are on their way to Capitol Hill in protest .
Please be sure that your message is among them .
If you have not already done so , please take action now .
As we told you last week , Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Senator Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) have cosponsored a new bill misleadingly called The Dietary Supplement Safety Act ( DSSA ) .
DSSA would repeal key sections of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act ( DSHEA ) , signed into law by then - President Clinton .
DSHEA protects supplements 1 ) if they are food products that have been in the food supply and not chemically altered or 2 ) if they were sold as supplements prior to 1994 , the year that DSHEA was passed .
If a supplement fits one of these two descriptions , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) cannot arbitrarily ban it or reclassify it as a drug .
DSHEA provides the framework for effective regulation of dietary supplements by the FDA .
The Dietary Supplement Safety Act ( DSSA ) would eliminate the supplement protections contained in DSHEA and allow the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) arbitrary authority to draw up a list of what supplements can be sold and at what potency levels .
Europe is currently limiting both supplements and potencies to ridiculous levels .
If DSSA passes , the FDA , beholden as it is to drug interests , would move to do the same in the US .
Please take action now .
The purported emergency giving rise to DSSA is illegal steroid use by athletes .
The bill is supported by the US Anti-Doping Agency ( USADA ) which is funded by major league sports teams including baseball , football and others .
Baseball commissioner Bud Selig has urged its adoption .
In his comments , Senator McCain cited six NFL players recently suspended for testing positive for banned substances and allegedly exposed to these substances through dietary supplements .
The FDA currently has complete and total authority to address illegal steroids and , more broadly , to regulate dietary supplements .
If the FDA were policing rogue products adulterated with steroids as current law requires , the NFL violations would not have happened .
DSSA also requires the reporting of even minor adverse events related to supplements .
This is in addition to the already existing requirement to report serious adverse events .
This will further stack the deck against small supplement companies by creating new , unnecessary , even more cumbersome , and of course very expensive administrative hurdles .
It will also give the FDA , which ignores very large numbers of serious adverse reports involving drugs , including many deaths , more ammunition to use in its capricious war against food supplements .
The likely result : the consolidation of the supplement industry into a few big companies selling many fewer supplements at much lower doses .
These large companies would also very likely be owned by drug companies .
The bottom line : our health would be almost completely controlled by the FDA and drug companies .
Please take action now .
Natural Products Association executive director John Gay has issued the following statement in response to Senator McCain ’s proposed legislation : “ Our industry has long supported efforts to remove the relatively few bad actors who market adulterated products .
We have advocated for additional enforcement funds for regulators , and for giving regulators additional authority to act .
What we cannot support is wholesale changes to a regulatory structure that is working , and could work better if the measures we have supported were adopted .
A series of new laws for criminals to ignore is not the answer .
Some seek to paint with an awfully broad brush .
For example , the idea that the 150 million Americans who use dietary supplements are gambling with their health by shopping at mainstream stores just does n’t stand up to scrutiny .
Hyperbole does not lead to sound policy . ”
Council for Responsible Nutrition president Steven Mister offers his comment as well : “ Dietary supplements have a very strong safety profile and consumers should continue to feel confident in the supplements that they are taking . ”
Senator McCain ’s proposed legislation highlights the mindset at the FDA , dubbed the Fear and Denial Administration by Senator Tom Harkin ( D - IA ) .
The FDA , which is responsible for guarding the health of American citizens , is hostile to the kind of natural medicine — based on lifestyle choices , nutrition , dietary supplements , and exercise — that is both effective and sustainable .
Senator McCain appears to have been naïvely sold a bill of goods from vested interests .
It is clear he does not know that he is being used by these interests in opposition to the wishes of tens of millions of Americans who supplement wisely to maintain optimal health .
If you have not done so already , please take action now or read more about The Dietary Supplement Safety Act of 2010 .
Share This Post
" The Board is not willing to pay for website during tough times .
We feel that there are many unemployed web designers that will volunteer their talent . "
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
I 'm seriously thinking of becoming a motivational speaker .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
CBS and Neutron Media Screen Marketing have rejected a paid marijuana legalization advertisement from NORML that was intended to appear on the CBS Super Screen billboard in New York City ’s Time Square .
The 15 - second ad , which asserts that taxing and regulating the adult use and sale of marijuana would raise billions of dollars in national revenue , was scheduled to appear on CBS ’s 42nd Street digital billboard beginning February 1 .
According to NORML , representatives from Neutron Media approached the pro-pot organization in mid-January about placing the ad , which was scheduled to air 18 times per day for a two - month period .
The NORML Foundation entered into a contractual agreement with Neutron Media to air two separate NORML advertisements , and produced an initial ad exclusively for broadcast on the CBS digital billboard .
Days after NORML ’s submission of the ad , the organization received the following e-mail , dated February 3 , from a representative from Neutron Media :
“ I just received word from CBS and they will not approve your ad .
If CBS changes their morals we will let you know . ”
This is NORML ’s 15 - seond animated advertisement intended for Times Square ( do n’t freak ; there ’s not supposed to be any sound ) :
​” Major media corporations like CBS are perfectly OK airing programming that allows them to profit off the public ’s interest in marijuana and marijuana law reform , such as Showtime ’s hit series Weeds and the CBSnews.com online series ‘ Marijuana Nation , ' ” said NORML Foundation Executive Allen St. Pierre .
“ Yet these same corporate entities balk at airing media that calls on reforming America ’s criminal marijuana policies – policies that have led directly to the arrest of over 20 million Americans since 1965 , ” St. Pierre said .
“ How can advocates be expected to change these failed policies when those that control America ’s airwaves refuse to allow them a public forum to voice their point of view ? ”
“ University studies show that regulating the adult use of marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol would raise over $ 30 billion annually in new tax revenue , while saving an addition $ 15 billion per year in law enforcement costs , ” St. Pierre said .
“ The content of NORML ’s ad is based on sound , readily identifiable data . ”
​” Moreover , the message of NORML ’s advertisement is supported by a majority of the public , ” St. Pierre pointed out .
“ CBS ’ denial of this ad spot is based on the company ’s political and cultural bias and nothing more . ”
According to the results of a December 2009 Angus Reid survey of 1,004 voters , 53 percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana .
Last summer NORML entered into negotiations with CBS to launch a live Saturday night radio broadcast on the corporation ’s ChatAboutIt.com talk radio network .
CBS representatives initially agreed to the programming , but then abruptly canceled the contract after NORML raised the funding to produce its first show .
In 2009 , the NORML Foundation launched the first - ever nationwide television ad campaign calling for the regulation of marijuana by adults .
The Foundation purchased more than 7,500 ad buys on prominent cable networks like CNBC , Fox News , G4 , and FX .
The ad campaign did not air on CBS - affiliated networks .
A NEW attempt to explain the 40 - year drought that has blighted the nation says it may be linked to heavy snowfall over Antarctica .
Tas van Ommen and Vin Morgan of the Australian Antarctic Division studied snowfall records in ice cores from East Antarctica ’s Law Dome .
They found that in the last few decades , its snowfall rates far exceeded anything in the past 750 years .
The timing matches the Australian drought ( Nature Geoscience , DOI : 10.1038/ngeo761 ) .
From the past 60 years of pressure and moisture data over the combined region , the team also found a link between the patterns of …
On Friday night 's ABC27 newscasts ,
, local bloggers and especially The Patriot - News for its coverage of her administration .
" They are reckless , " she said of the newspaper .
" This is intentional , and I accuse the Patriot - News now of being involved with this whole nasty , ' let 's get her ' spirit . "
to obtain public information from Thompson 's administration .
, the newspaper also criticized
that forbade city officials from speaking , not only with the media , but with City Council members or City Controller Dan Miller .
" I will not allow my day to be wasted with silly little questions about whether the controller 's going to be on a form , or whether I disagree with city council , or whether I spent too much money renovating a disgusting , unprofessional office , " Thompson told ABC27 reporter Andy Briggs .
" I have got to solve the bigger crisis , and that is what I 'm determined to do . "
" This is not about wasting Mayor Thompson 's time or anyone else 's , " said Patriot - News executive editor David Newhouse .
" It 's about the transparency that Mayor Thompson promised in her campaign .
of officials ,
,
, sweeping executive orders to the school district ,
- all these are public information and that 's what we seek to share with our readers .
Nothing more , nothing less . "
Newhouse added , " All of our requests have been modest in scope and would be very easily fulfilled if the mayor wished to do so .
They should have taken very little time from her staff and none at all from her . "
" Thompson said she owes the media nothing , " Briggs reported .
The New Jersey Senate is debating RIGHT NOW the bill to allow same - sex marriage .
The Senate majority leader assured everyone the bill had NO CHANCE .
How nice .
But I guess we ’ll see !
You can watch the live video feed here and play along .
Ready ?
Go !
( Disclaimer :
These quotes are approximate .
We ’re pulling them from a video feed and they may be misheard .
Also , all times are in Central Standard , cause that ’s where I live . )
3:53 PM : And that ’s a wrap , dear readers .
I ’m sure we ’ll meet again soon when some other legislature somewhere decides equality is lame .
Feel free to keep sharing your feelings in the comments though !
Open thread !
3:47 PM : Oh hey , it ’s Sarah Shahi !
How did she get in here ?!
Blame Laneia .
3:45 PM : So that went about how we expected .
But do n’t worry , love still exists .
LOOK AT THESE ADORABLE ANIMALS WHO OBVIOUSLY LOVE EACH OTHER VERY MUCH .
3:38 PM : And it was defeated .
The clapping when he said “ defeated ” made me nauseated .
3:37 PM : THIS IS IT .
THEY CALLED THE QUESTION .
3:35 PM : A senator whose name I did not catch , sadly : “ It ’s important for me to stand up and say that everyone has a right to fight for their life , for the kind of life that we all want because that is the American dream .
… We all need to stand up , and not judge , but stand up and support others fighting for rights . ”
3:32 PM : Are you ready to see some chicks making out ?
Yeah , I thought so .
That ’s what these liveblogs are really for .
3:30 PM : Sen .
Gordon gets it :
All of the major civil rights victories in the past 100 years came from the legislature , not from referenda .
Exactly , letting the majority vote on the rights of the minority is stupid .
HOLLA .
3:27 PM : She ’s done .
She was so great !
Love her ending line : “ Let these same - sex couples be full participants in society . ”
3:25 PM : Here ’s a history of this bill from the New Jersey Star - Ledger .
3:23 PM : “ We cannot abdicate our responsibility .
Once we take a state action , that action must be constitutional in its equal protection . ”
She ’s my new favorite person , btw .
3:20 PM : She ’s making some pretty compelling arguments about why this is indeed a civil rights issue .
Good point : women would n’t have the right to vote had legislators not taken a stand .
Just because this is n’t a racial injustice does n’t mean it ’s not a civil rights injustice , she says .
3:14 PM : Sen. Nia Gill is up !
I remember her from the Judicial Committee hearing .
She also just brought up that the “ traditional definition of marriage ” used to not include interracial marriage .
“ There is nothing you can do to tweak the civil union law to change the fact that same - sex couples are denied the benefits of insurance under national insurance policies because we had a separate and unequal system . ”
3:07 PM : Sen .
Bono sounds like she ’s with us ?
She ’s being really vague .
OH YES IN FAVOR , GOOD .
Thank you , ma’am .
Probably not the most effective speech , though , if I could n’t tell how you were voting until the end .
3:03 PM : Shit , he ’s voting no !
But we gentrified his neighborhood !
This is lame .
He ’s from the gayest district in Jersey !
WTF .
2:59 PM : Sen .
Keene says that gay people turn neighborhoods around .
We push out the drug dealers , he says .
Yeah !
The power of the rainbow flag , kids .
2:56 PM : There are a lot of senators talking about how the people of New Jersey should vote on this themselves .
It 'd appear that Apple has a very , very strict no - call - no - show policy : three times , and you 're done .
A Genius Bar employee volunteering with an NGO emailed his whereabouts , but it was n't enough .
He notes , in an open letter on Facebook :
Last week I was presented a time - sensitive opportunity to fly to Santiago in the Dominican Republic as part of a volunteer relief group , assisting in sending aid to Haiti .
I was working with a volunteer group that was being co-sponsored by Airline Ambassadors , an N.G.O. program working in conjunction with the airlines , as well as the United Nations .
I followed the standard procedure for calling out of work at exactly 4:47 am on January 16th , the same hour that I was notified that I was eligible to participate in the program .
I was gone for five days .
As of today , January 23 , 2010 , I have been terminated by Apple .
I was told because I did n't follow protocol , which requires that I call out for each day that I am absent , that three " no call / no shows " , is grounds for termination .
I thought that explaining my whereabouts for this past five days would have been sufficient , clearly it was not .
I want to be clear that I am not outraged that I was fired .
I am just deeply saddened that Apple lacks the compassion and empathy when it came to reviewing my employment in the context of my situation .
I acknowledge and accept that I need to be held accountable for leaving work so abruptly , but to not let me make it up to them is harsh .
In a nutshell , I was fired for a technicality , my work in Santiago helping send aid to Haiti , irrelevant .
Naturally , none of this can be verified !
It 's just another person on Facebook saying crazy things .
But this is a person on Facebook saying crazy things !
As to the accuracy and truth and " whole story " angles of this information , that 's what we 've got .
But , you know , to toy with the idea that this is true :
On one hand , them 's the breaks , kiddo .
Rules be rules , and you broke 'em !
Therefore , FIRED .
This economy needs workers who do n't show up without letting us know where you are .
Even though you 're probably in a pretty rural atmosphere without Ethernet .
Regardless !
No call , no show .
On the other hand , well , he was trying to save the world , and Apple 's just trying to trademark it .
So , what do we think ?
Fired or Matyr'd ?
Not that your opinions will have anything to do with the matter .
Seriously .
They wo n't .
Also , this is what you get for SAVING HAITI .
I smell a book deal ?
Or at the very least , a souvenir ?
*
* Trademark pending .
The Catholic Church : forever associated with peace and good judgment .
Well , that ’s if you ignore the Northern crusades and the conversion of Africa .
In any case , in honour of World Youth Day in Sydney this WTF Place is Vatican City .
Located somewhere in Rome , Vatican City is a country unto itself .
It has its own flag , passport , laws and even military and police .
It has only been an autonomous region since 1929 when the Lateran Treaty was agreed upon by the Italian government and the Holy See .
There have been few major disputes between the Italian State and Vatican City .
The most major was when Italy prohibited Italians from marrying Jews and the Holy See felt that this was a job that belonged solely to the Catholic Church .
The Vatican did n’t oppose the policy , they just wanted to enforce it .
When you think of cities with high crime rates you immediately think of Johannesburg , Sao Paulo , New York and Darwin .
If I told you the Vatican has a crime rate much higher than all of those , you ’d laugh at me .
“ Catholics committing a crime ?
Lol ! ”
You ’d say .
Then I ’d say , “ No .
It ’s true ! ”
That fact is , a simple Google search reveals that Vatican has a crime rate higher than all of the aforementioned cities .
In 1992 , civil offenses were at 87.2 % whereas penal offenses were at 134 % according to a BBC report titled Vatican Crime Rate Soars ( 2003 ) .
Compare this with Johannesburg which has a comparatively low crime rate of 24 % ( 93 – 97 Victims Survey ) .
WTF !?
Most of these crimes , however , are petty theft and pickpocketing and not murders , rapes and Insane Clown Posse performances ( zing ! ) .
But it must be noted that this is also the case for the number given for Johannesburg above ( Joburg has a serious crime rate of around 15 % ) .
The Holy See used to threaten anyone who committed one of the former crimes with execution .
WTF !?
Fortunately this was never exercised and the Holy See relieved its dusty guillotine of duty in 1969 .
There is a fact widely bandied around that the national language of the Vatican is Latin .
This is blatantly false .
In fact , the Vatican does not have any national language : official business is conducted in Italian , military and police commands are given in German ( has nothing to do with Ratzinger ) and residents take oaths in their own native languages .
But that ’s not all , folks .
The Vatican has a few further surprises up its sleeves that one discovers when removing his trouser .
Because the Virgin Mary was , well , a virgin , she did n’t get a lot of action .
And her holy nature , I ’m guessing , also prohibited her from taking a look - see when the chance arose .
To reward her for her life of abstinence ( and bearing Jesus ) , she has been embodied in Vatican City ’s urinals where she can forever look at what she was deprived of in life .
Vatican urinals are cast as statues of Mary with a downward gaze angled at the general genital region .
If this does n’t award Vatican City a further WTF !?
then I do n’t know what does .
Vatican City .
I ’d like to go there someday .
Actually , no I would n’t .
I ’d get robbed .
WTF count : 3 ( warm )
For more info on Vatican crime :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/2639777.stm
* This author recognises that the high crime rates for Vatican City arise because of the sheer number of visitors who commit crimes .
But that does n’t make for interesting writing , does it ?
On Tuesday , government figures showed that foreign demand for Treasurys fell by the largest amount on record in December .
China cut its holdings by $ 34.2 billion to $ 755.4 billion , losing the top spot in terms of foreign ownership of Treasurys to Japan .
Japan also cut exposure , cutting ownership of Treasurys by $ 11.5 billion to $ 768.8 billion , a much slower pace than China .
" I am surprised China has not dropped more , " Rogers told CNBC.com .
Asked if the US should be worried about this trend , Rogers , who does not hold US Treasurys , said : " Of course .
The US should be worried about everyone lightening up – not just China . "
The cut in foreign holdings could force the government to make higher interest - rate payments , just as it is struggling with big budget deficits .
Asked if the trend of unloading US government debt was likely to continue , Rogers said : " Probably after this euro scare is over – which may take a good while . "
Uncertainty about the size and extent of the euro zone 's debt problems weighed on the euro Wednesday , despite a firming of the single currency on Tuesday on optimism that Greece will find ways to cut its deficit .
It 's poking up everywhere like daffodils through the melting snows of the Reagan revolution .
Six months ago , it was still the L - word , the political philosophy that dared not speak its name .
Careful believers called themselves '' progressives . ''
Even brave ones dared no more than ' ' neo - liberal . ''
Old liberalism - social - program liberalism - was discredited .
It still is , in the sense that no one believes in throwing big money and big Government at poverty anymore .
But liberalism , chastened by its years in the cold , is making a sudden comeback .
The aim 's the same , to help disadvantaged people who need comfort , care or opportunity .
What 's different is that the means are no longer wishful or wasteful .
Millions of children are growing up miserably poor and the country must do more to support them , says Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York .
But he calls for a new system that provides public assistance only when the parents agree to provide their fair share .
The welfare recipients who need jobs most are least likely to get them , says Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts .
But his imaginative jobs proposal would shell out funds only to states that first demonstrate the ability to get people into jobs and thus save welfare money .
California has developed '' social contracts ' ' that promise welfare for work , and New York contemplates a similar plan .
Senator Paul Simon of Illinois proposes a guaranteed job opportunity program , subsidized with welfare savings .
Number of Democrats thinking of not voting in 2010 up to 45 %
How to ( not ) win elections and motive the base :
the highest percentage of Democrats to date ( 45 % ) indicated this week that they are either unlikely to vote , or certain not to vote .
Once more , doing things badly ( health care “ reform ” , an inadequate stimulus , refusing to properly take on the banks ) or doing things the base opposed ( escalating in Afghanistan ) has a price .
In 1994 Clinton lost Congress .
He lost it in large part because of NAFTA , failing at health care reform and the the Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell fiasco .
Democratic base voters stayed home and Republicans were motivated .
Doing “ moderate ” things did n’t make Republicans not vote against Democrats , but it did make Democrats not vote Democrats .
Clinton may have gone on to win re-election in 1996 , but after losing Congress , he did very few truly progressive things and did or signed off on many non-progressive things , like Welfare “ reform ” and gutting Glass - Steagall ( a major reason for the financial crisis . )
Obama stands to repeat .
His major achievement , health care reform , is too compromised to really motivate the base .
He has two things going for him :
a large money advantage , since they are now the favored party of corporate America , and raking in money as a result ;
the Republicans being in severe disarray .
The next year will have some bones thrown to the base , in an attempt to convince them to get out and vote .
But since Obama can’t , and wo n’t , do anything major for the base , I wonder what they ’ll be .
Healthcare is off the table , the immigration bill will not be good , carbon trading will be badly done and so on .
Convincing base voters they have n’t been betrayed , that there is hope and the change does n’t mean “ Bush ’s 3rd term ” is going to be an uphill struggle .
Timing is one of the main factors to create a great photography .
One of the basics to learn in photography is to choose the best moment for your shot .
Therefore , one of the good practice in photography is to take as many shots as you and filter it to reach the best shot .
Before continuing reading this post did you already join our Twitter and subscribe to our RSS feed ?
If not , rush and join us now to receive updates of new posts and free resources .
Animal photography is one of the photography subjects that require good timing sense to push the camera button in the right moment .
Our collection today is about amazing shots for cute animals sleeping in different places and funny positions .
While some shots are taken by amateurs , others are taken by professional photographers .
If you like these shots , I think you may interest to see these photography amazing shots as well :
Hope you like this post ans share it with your friends and social media .
These kangaroos were all tuckered out after a long , sunny day .
Naptime !
Are n’t they sweet , sleeping next to each other like that ?
those little pups .
Those cute little pups .
They was sleeping .
Look how they ’re cute
Is n’t he cute ?
Reuters
NORTH KOREA'S ailing dictator , Kim Jong
Il , rarely ventures to the airport to greet visiting foreign dignitaries .
But China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , who departed from North Korea on Tuesday October 6th after a three - day visit , is no run -of - the - mill VIP .
China has been North Korea 's staunchest ally through war and uneasy peace .
Fraternal protocol demanded that Mr Kim greet Mr Wen on the tarmac not only with a vigorous handshake but also a prolonged hug .
Officially Mr Wen was in Pyongyang to celebrate the 60th year of diplomatic relations between China and North Korea .
But since 1978 the two countries have pursued very different economic policies .
China 's markets are open to the world ; North Korea remains in isolation and its economy is in terrible shape .
As winter looms many North Koreans cannot feed or warm themselves .
United Nations sanctions and a maritime blockade have squeezed the impoverished country further by cutting off North Korea 's most profitable export , weapons .
Mr Kim desperately needs Chinese aid and Mr Wen obliged the North Korean , according to Chinese news reports .
China 's prime minister signed a broad economic - assistance package with North Korea which has pledged to transform itself by 2012 into KanGsong Taeguk , a strong , prosperous and powerful country .
The package is perhaps in defiance of UN sanctions aimed at halting North Korea 's nuclear - weapons programme and missile development .
But it may be a carrot intended to draw Mr Kim back into talks aimed at dismantling his nuclear arsenal .
In this Mr Wen seems to have succeeded , albeit with a caveat .
North Korea 's official news agency says that Mr Kim expressed readiness to hold multilateral talks depending on the outcome of talks between North Korea and America .
Mr Kim doubtless wants some of the same things from the Americans that he has got from China : economic assistance , a peace treaty on the Korean peninsula to replace the current armistice and diplomatic relations with Washington .
The North Korean leader may want to bequeath to his successor , perhaps his third son , Kim Jong Un , an international environment that is less hostile to North Korea .
James Steinberg , America 's deputy secretary of state , says his government is “ prepared to have direct engagement with North Korea ” if the regime returns to six - party talks with China , Russia , Japan , South Korea and America aimed at getting rid of North Korea 's nuclear weapons .
These discussions are crucial to Barack Obama 's efforts to halt the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
America wants to bring North Korea back into the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , which it left in January 2003 .
America 's president plans a nuclear - arms summit in March next year and he desperately needs a diplomatic breakthrough on North Korea .
For several months his administration has been trying to convince Japan and South Korea to give their blessing to negotiations between America and North Korea .
North Korea 's pledge to recommit itself to “ denuclearising the [ Korean ] peninsula ” has failed to impress the South Koreans .
Hyun In - taek , South Korea 's minister in charge of relations with North Korea , says “ North Korea 's recent conciliatory gestures can be regarded as only minor shifts in attitude . ”
Another complication is that North Korea 's leader hinted that he may want Japan excluded from multilateral talks .
Mr Kim is angry that Japan continued to raise the issue of the kidnapping of its citizens by his regime at the six - party talks .
Mr Wen 's success in eliciting a commitment from North Korea to return to the six - party talks is evidence of its diplomatic muscle .
North Korea had , just two months ago , described the talks as “ dead ” .
China has long been criticised for not using its considerable influence to bring North Korea to heel for its nuclear weapons and intercontinental - missile tests .
Mr Wen has apparently convinced North Korea to give some ground .
School mistakes huge burrito for a weapon
CLOVIS , N.M. ( AP ) 
A call about a possible weapon at a middle school prompted police to put armed officers on rooftops , close nearby streets and lock down the school .
All over a giant burrito .
Someone called authorities Thursday after seeing a boy carrying something long and wrapped into Marshall Junior High .
The drama ended two hours later when the suspicious item was identified as a 30 - inch burrito filled with steak , guacamole , lettuce , salsa and jalapenos and wrapped inside tin foil and a white T - shirt .
" I did n't know whether to laugh or cry , " school Principal Diana Russell said .
State police , Clovis police and the Curry County Sheriff 's Department arrived at the school shortly after 8:30 a.m .
They searched the premises and determined there was no immediate danger .
In the meantime , more than 30 parents , alerted by a radio report , descended on the school .
Visibly shaken , they gathered around in a semi-circle , straining their necks , awaiting news .
" There needs to be security before the kids walk through the door , " said Heather Black , whose son attends the school .
After the lockdown was lifted but before the burrito was identified as the culprit , parents pulled 75 students out of school , Russell said .
Russell said the mystery was solved after she brought everyone in the school together in the auditorium to explain what was going on .
" The kid was sitting there as I 'm describing this ( report of a student with a suspicious package ) and he 's thinking , ' Oh , my gosh , they 're talking about my burrito . ' "
Afterward , eighth - grader Michael Morrissey approached her .
" He said , ' I think I 'm the person they saw , ' " Russell said .
The burrito was part of Morrissey 's extra-credit assignment to create commercial advertising for a product .
" We had to make up a product and it could have been anything .
I made up a restaurant that specialized in oddly large burritos , " Morrissey said .
After students heard the description of what police were looking for , he and his friends began to make the connection .
He then took the burrito to the office .
" The police saw it and everyone just started laughing .
It was a laughter of relief , " Morrissey said .
" Oh , and I have a new nickname now .
It 's Burrito Boy . "
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A driver caught on their phone is fined £ 60 and receives three points Motorists in England and Wales fined for minor offences face having to pay bigger penalties under a government scheme to compensate victims of crime .
Since 2007 , a £ 15 surcharge has been added to the fines of all people convicted of a crime , to raise money for support services for crime victims .
Now ministers want to extend the scheme to on - the - spot fines and fixed penalty notices for a range of offences .
They say the offences that could be targeted are not victimless crimes .
Under the current scheme , anyone fined by the courts pays an extra £ 15 .
However , ministers believe the amount raised could be significantly increased if it were extended to include people issued with on - the - spot fines or fixed penalty notices .
This could include motorists caught speeding or flouting parking restrictions and those guilty of disorder offences such as shoplifting , writing graffiti or being drunk and disorderly .
Motorists need to obey the rules of the road but they also have to believe what they get penalised for committing relatively minor offences is fair
Professor Stephen Glaister , RAC Foundation director
Your reaction to ' victims levy '
Under the plans , a fine of £ 60 for speeding , using a mobile phone while driving or not wearing a seatbelt would be increased to £ 75 .
In November last year , Justice Minister Claire Ward , said : " It is government policy that , where possible , offenders should contribute to victims ' services as part of their reparation . "
Speaking in the Commons , she told MPs a surcharge would be added as soon as it was " feasible to do so " .
But Professor Stephen Glaister , director of the RAC Foundation , suggested the government would have a hard job convincing motorists this was anything other than a " stealth tax " .
" Motorists need to obey the rules of the road but they also have to believe what they get penalised for committing relatively minor offences is fair , and not just some arbitrary figure . "
He argued that if money was needed to be set aside for victims , it should come out of existing charges .
' Stealth tax denial ' Steve Fowler , of What Car ?
magazine , called for assurances that such a " massive windfall " would go to the right places .
" The police and the government need to explain exactly where this money is going .
Every penny needs to go to the victim support scheme so it 's not seen as another tax . "
There 's £ 40 m of unpaid compensation so if you were a victim and awarded compensation , the chances of receiving that compensation are very , very low
John Thornhill , Magistrates ' Association chairman Government officials deny the move amounts to a stealth tax .
They say such offences are not " victimless crimes " as thousands are killed or injured on Britain 's roads every year and others have their lives ruined by anti-social behaviour .
John Thornhill , chairman of the Magistrates ' Association , criticised the levy system , saying the money was going to victim support agencies , rather than the victims themselves .
His association is calling for a victim fund to be established so that when magistrates order for compensation to be paid to a victim , it can be paid in full immediately .
" There 's £ 40 m of unpaid compensation so if you were a victim and awarded compensation , the chances of receiving that compensation are very , very low , " he said .
The current levy , which was introduced in England and Wales as part of the Domestic Violence , Crime and Victims Act 2004 , works in conjunction with the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme that pays compensation to the victims of violent crime .
The levy has raised nearly £ 4 m in 2007 / 8 and £ 8 m in 2008 / 9 for several victim services including Victim Support , the Victims Fund and the Crown Prosecution Service 's witness care .
Prior to its launch , the Home Office - which was responsible for the initiative at the time - said the surcharge was part of a series of moves to " rebalance " the criminal justice system in favour of victims .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A new study shows how North American birds have changed the shape of their wings in the past century as the landscapes around them have been fragmented by clear - cutting .
The research by André Desrochers from Université Laval involved the examination of 800 birds from museum collections .
From his paper in Ecology :
Major landscape changes caused by humans may create strong selection pressures and induce rapid evolution in natural populations .
In the last 100 years , eastern North America has experienced extensive clear - cutting in boreal areas , while afforestation has occurred in most temperate areas .
Based on museum specimens , I show that wings of several boreal forest songbirds and temperate songbirds of non-forest habitats have become more pointed over the last 100 years .
In contrast , wings of most temperate forest and early - successional boreal forests species have become less pointed over the same period .
In contrast to wing shape , the bill length of most species did not change significantly through time .
Desrochers points out that these results are consistent with the habitat isolation hypothesis : that songbirds evolve changes in their mobility in response to changes in the amount and size of available habitat .
Boreal forests have suffered severe deforestation over the past century .
Thus , Desrochers predicted , songbirds from those areas would develop more pointed wings to enhance their flying abilities over the longer distances between habitat patches .
Pointed wings are more energy efficient for sustained flight .
Another example of the complexity of landscape changes and their knock - on effects is given by Paul Ehrlich , David Dobkin , and Darryl Wheye in one of their excellent online ornithology essays on the Stanford U website .
Here they describe the huge range expansion of cowbirds , a species that practices nest parasitism :
When Christopher Columbus landed , cowbirds are thought to have been largely confined to open country west of the Mississippi , because the continuous forests of the eastern United States did not provide suitable habitat for their ground feeding or social displays .
As the forests were cleared , cowbirds extended their range , occupying most of the East but remaining rare until this century .
Then increased winter food supply , especially the rising abundance of waste grain in southern rice fields , created a cowbird population explosion .
The forest - dwelling tropical migrants — especially vireos , warblers , tanagers , thrushes , and flycatchers — have proven very vulnerable to cowbird parasitism .
And that vulnerability is highest for those birds nesting near the edge of wooded habitat and thus closest to the open country preferred by the cowbirds .
Desrochers points out that the rapid physical evolution seen in the birds in his analysis could mitigate — though not necessarily prevent — regional extinctions .
Thanks to Rob Goldstein for his excellent blogging at Conservation Maven for the heads - up on the Ecology paper .
KUALA LUMPUR , Jan 22 — Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad continued today with his claims that the 9/11 attacks in the United States were staged .
He now suggests that the collapse of the World Trade Center and surrounding buildings in New York nine years ago was the result of controlled demolition .
His remarks , published in his blog today , backs conspiracy theories put forward by fringe groups , and comes just days after he had also said that the Holocaust had failed as a final solution against the Jews .
“ It is of course a fact that the two towers were destroyed after two aircraft crashed into them , ” he said in reference to a speech he made on Wednesday when he said that “ if they can make Avatar they can make anything . ”
“ A lot of people in America ( the apologists will dismiss them as conspiracy theorists ) questioned whether the towers collapsed because the planes crashed into them or that something else caused them to come down .
These people have reproduced videos taken by media people showing the attack and the collapse of the towers , pointing out certain peculiar features .
I have seen the three - hour long video which is widely distributed . ”
He argued that the collapse of the twin towers was typical of controlled demolitions which are common in the United States .
In his posting , he also provides a link to a video on the Internet which is based on a book written by a conspiracy theorist who claims that elements in the US government had staged the attacks .
The former prime minister ’s decision to lend his weight to such theories appears to be part of his campaign to highlight the plight of Palestinians , a cause which he has championed since he was still in government .
But by targetting the United States , in suggesting this week that the 9/11 attacks were staged as an excuse to mount attacks on the Muslim world , he could pose some problems for Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak in the latter ’s efforts to develop better ties with Washington .
In his posting , Dr Mahathir reproduces a number of claims and allegations which have been rejected by engineers and other investigators , including how the aircraft that crashed into the Pentagon was never found .
The former PM , who still retains significant influence among conservative Malay - Muslims and Umno members , also claimed that he met a janitor who worked in the twin towers and who had told him of explosions unrelated to the plane crash .
“ As I said in my speech I am not so certain now that the Arab ‘ terrorists ’ hijacked four commercial aircrafts simultaneously and flew them into the twin towers , the Pentagon and somewhere unknown .
“ Some people have condemned me for doubting that the attack was mounted by Arab Muslim terrorists .
Perhaps one of the television stations would care to air the videos mentioned without censorship . ”
Click to expand ...
Matt Barrs has appeared in several Those Are n't Muskets !
videos , produced Agents of Cracked and writes comics for us in his spare time .
This week , he gives us a glimpse of what may be the most misguided , yet shockingly honest , bum in bum history .
Abstract
Context Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are widely prescribed for children with autism spectrum disorders .
Objectives
To determine the efficacy and safety of citalopram hydrobromide therapy for repetitive behavior in children with autism spectrum disorders .
Design National Institutes of Health–sponsored randomized controlled trial .
Setting Six academic centers , including Mount Sinai School of Medicine , North Shore–Long Island Jewish Health System , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , University of California at Los Angeles , Yale University , and Dartmouth Medical School .
Participants
One hundred forty - nine volunteers 5 to 17 years old ( mean [ SD ] age , 9.4 [ 3.1 ] years ) were randomized to receive citalopram ( n = 73 ) or placebo ( n = 76 ) .
Participants had autistic spectrum disorders , Asperger disorder , or pervasive developmental disorder , not otherwise specified ; had illness severity ratings of at least moderate on the Clinical Global Impressions , Severity of Illness Scale ; and scored at least moderate on compulsive behaviors measured with the Children 's Yale - Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scales modified for pervasive developmental disorders .
Interventions Twelve weeks of citalopram hydrobromide ( 10 mg/5 mL ) or placebo .
The mean ( SD ) maximum dosage of citalopram hydrobromide was 16.5 ( 6.5 ) mg/d by mouth ( maximum , 20 mg / d ) .
Main Outcome Measures Positive response was defined by a score of much improved or very much improved on the Clinical Global Impressions , Improvement subscale .
An important secondary outcome was the score on the Children 's Yale - Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scales modified for pervasive developmental disorders .
Adverse events were systematically elicited using the Safety Monitoring Uniform Report Form .
Results
There was no significant difference in the rate of positive response on the Clinical Global Impressions , Improvement subscale between the citalopram - treated group ( 32.9 % ) and the placebo group ( 34.2 % ) ( relative risk , 0.96 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.61 - 1.51 ; P > .99 ) .
There was no difference in score reduction on the Children 's Yale - Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scales modified for pervasive developmental disorders from baseline ( mean [ SD ] , – 2.0 [ 3.4 ] points for the citalopram - treated group and – 1.9 [ 2.5 ] points for the placebo group ; P = .81 ) .
Citalopram use was significantly more likely to be associated with adverse events , particularly increased energy level , impulsiveness , decreased concentration , hyperactivity , stereotypy , diarrhea , insomnia , and dry skin or pruritus .
Conclusion Results of this trial do not support the use of citalopram for the treatment of repetitive behavior in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders .
Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov
Identifier : NCT00086645
Pervasive developmental disorders ( also called “ autism spectrum disorders ” [ ASDs ] ) , including autistic disorder , Asperger disorder , and pervasive developmental disorder , not otherwise specified , are neurodevelopmental disorders of early childhood onset characterized by impairments in social interaction , communication problems , unusual preoccupations , and repetitive behavior .
1
Collectively , the prevalence of ASDs is estimated at 6 cases per 1000.2
Although no medications are approved by the Food and Drug Administration for core symptoms of ASDs , medication use in this population has become increasingly common .
3
The global market for autism therapeutics is estimated at $ 2.2 to $ 3.5 billion .
4
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) account for the greatest global market share ( 59 % ) , reflecting the combination of cost and frequency of prescription .
4
The type , frequency , and intensity of repetitive behavior in individual children with ASDs vary widely but often persist over time .
In addition , repetitive behavior is the strongest predictor that an early ASD diagnosis will endure .
5
Repetitive behavior may involve stereotypic movements , inflexible routines , repetitive play , and perseverative speech , often interfering with many facets of life .
Anxiety , protest , aggression , and self - injury may occur when these behaviors are interrupted .
Because of suggested similarities between repetitive behavior in ASDs and obsessive - compulsive disorder6 - 8 and the findings of serotonin system abnormalities in autism , 9 antiobsessional agents such as SSRIs have long been of interest .10
Preliminary experience with the serotonergic tricyclic antidepressant clomipramine hydrochloride showed moderate benefit for anger and ritualized behaviors compared with the noradrenergic desipramine hydrochloride .
11
However , a subsequent trial comparing clomipramine , the antipsychotic haloperidol , and placebo in adults with ASDs showed no differentiation between clomipramine use and placebo and a high rate of adverse events .
12 The SSRI fluvoxamine maleate was superior to placebo for repetitive behavior , aggression , and social relatedness in adults with autism .
13 However , in a placebo - controlled study14 of the same medication in children , only 1 of 18 subjects demonstrated improvement on active drug ; furthermore , adverse events , including hyperactivity , insomnia , agitation , and aggression , occurred in 14 of 18 children treated with fluvoxamine , suggesting unusual sensitivity of children with ASDs to this SSRI .
A 2005 single - site placebo - controlled study8 of the SSRI fluoxetine hydrochloride revealed that low dosages of medication were well tolerated and were associated with modest but significant benefit .
Despite the relative dearth of evidence supporting their use , SSRIs are among the most frequently used medications for children with autism , 3,15 partially because of their perceived safety .
Controlled clinical trials are needed to inform this practice .
Citalopram hydrobromide is available in a liquid formulation , allowing for small dosage adjustments .
Potential advantages for citalopram include greater specificity at the serotonin transporter , reduced drug - drug interactions via the cytochrome p450 isozymes ,16 and a favorable half - life compared with other members from this class .
17 Preliminary data from open trials show promising results for citalopram .
18,19
The National Institutes of Health–sponsored Studies to Advance Autism Research and Treatment ( STAART ) network undertook a placebo - controlled trial of citalopram for repetitive behavior in children with ASDs .
We hypothesized that treatment with citalopram would improve global functioning by reducing repetitive behavior .
We also predicted that the use of a low starting dosage , followed by gradual upward adjustment , would identify an effective well - tolerated dosage range with few adverse events .
Methods
The trial , NCT00086645 , was registered at clinicaltrials.gov before initiation and was conducted at the following 6 academic medical centers : Mount Sinai School of Medicine , New York , New York ; North Shore–Long Island Jewish Health System , New York ; University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ; University of California at Los Angeles ; Yale University , New Haven , Connecticut ; and Dartmouth Medical School , Hanover , New Hampshire .
Each site 's institutional review board approved the study .
At least 1 parent or guardian for each participant provided written informed consent , and subjects who were capable provided assent .
The National Institute of Mental Health convened a Data and Safety Management Board that monitored the trial .
Enrollment began on April 1 , 2004 , and was completed on October 31 , 2006 .
Participants
Subjects were required to be 5 to 17 years old ; meet DSM - IV - TR criteria for autistic disorder , Asperger disorder , or pervasive developmental disorder , not otherwise specified , as determined by an experienced clinician and as informed by the Autism Diagnostic Interview–Revised20 and the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule21 ; have an illness severity rating of at least moderate on the Clinical Global Impressions , Severity of Illness Scale ; and score at least moderate on compulsive behaviors ( ≥8 on the sum of items 1A , 2 , 3 , and 5 ) measured with the Children 's Yale - Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scales modified for pervasive developmental disorders ( CYBOCS - PDD ) .
22
To address the generalizability of study outcomes , information on participant race / ethnicity was elicited by self - categorization as American Indian or Alaskan native , Asian , black , native Hawaiian , white , Hispanic , or other .
Subjects were excluded if they had the following : Rett disorder or childhood disintegrative disorder , a seizure within the past 6 months , weight less than 15 kg , a medical condition that might interfere with study participation , clinically significant abnormal baseline laboratory test results , history of adverse events or failed treatment while taking 2 or more SSRIs , prior treatment with citalopram or escitalopram oxalate , recent initiation of behavioral therapy , or history of bipolar disorder or manic episode .
The principal investigators reviewed potential subjects with complex medication histories before enrollment .
Apart from sleep medication ( melatonin or diphenhydramine hydrochloride ) , concomitant treatment with psychotropic medications or medication having known interactions with citalopram was not permitted .
Treatment
Liquid citalopram ( Celexa , 10 mg /5 mL ) was obtained commercially .
Placebo matched for smell , taste , and viscosity was prepared at each site 's pharmacy according to study specifications .
Randomization and blinding
Participants were randomly assigned to citalopram or placebo using permuted blocks with randomly varying block sizes stratified by site and by age ( 5 - 11 vs 12 - 17 years ) .
Two masked clinicians met with participants during each scheduled evaluation .
The evaluating clinician monitored efficacy and was blinded to adverse events .
The treating clinician reviewed efficacy ratings , monitored and recorded adverse events , and subsequently adjusted the medication dosage as clinically indicated .
Dosing
All participants began with 2.5 mg/d .
The maximal dosage was 20 mg/d .
For children weighing less than 40 kg , dosage increases were restricted to 2.5 - mg increments until day 43 and were increased biweekly in 5 - mg increments thereafter .
For children weighing at least 40 kg , 2.5 - mg dosage increases were allowed at weekly intervals until day 36 and were allowed to increase by 5 mg biweekly thereafter .
The dosage schedule was followed unless the score on the Clinical Global Impressions , Improvement Scale ( CGI - I ) was rated much improved or very much improved by the evaluating clinician .
If the treating clinician suspected a dose - limiting adverse effect , the dosage could be lowered in 2.5 - mg increments .
Compliance was assessed by diary and by medication returned .
Efficacy measures
The primary outcome measure was the CGI - I rated by the evaluating clinician .
The CGI - I is a subscale scored from 1 ( very much improved ) to 7 ( very much worse ) .
23 A score of 4 reflects no change .
Positive response was defined by a score of 2 ( much improved ) or 1 ( very much improved ) at week 12 .
The following 8 secondary outcomes were evaluated : the CYBOCS - PDD , a composite measure of the CGI - I and the CYBOCS - PDD ( CGI - I score of 1 or 2 and a 25 % reduction on the CYBOCS - PDD ) , and 6 subscales of the Repetitive Behavior Scale .
The CYBOCS - PDD , which was rated by the evaluating clinician , is designed to measure the severity of repetitive behavior in children with ASDs .
22
The 5 items ( time spent , interference , distress , resistance , and control ) are rated from 0 ( least severe ) to 4 ( most severe ) ; a higher score indicates more severe repetitive behavior .
The parent - rated Repetitive Behavior Scale–Revised comprises 43 items across 6 subscales rated from 0 ( not present ) to 3 ( severe ) .
24 The Aberrant Behavior Checklist–Community version25,26 measures inappropriate behavior on a 4 - point severity scale , where 0 indicates not a problem at all and 3 indicates a severe problem .
The Aberrant Behavior Checklist–Community version contains 5 subscales ( Irritability , Social Withdrawal , Stereotypy , Hyperactivity , and Inappropriate Speech ) and has been commonly used as an outcome measure in clinical trials among children with autism .
27-30 Evaluating clinicians from all sites were trained to reliability on the CYBOCS - PDD , CGI -I , and Clinical Global Impressions , Severity of Illness Scale at the beginning and midpoint of the trial .
Training on the Clinical Global Impressions scale resulted in excellent interrater reliability , with 95 % to 100 % agreement to within 1 U of a gold standard rating on 5 vignettes established by 2 expert raters ( B.H.K. and L. Scahill ) .
The CYBOCS - PDD training included a review of the instrument and co-rating of 3 videorecorded interviews .
All raters achieved the criterion of within 2 points of the gold standard established by an expert rater .
Safety measures
Treatment - emergent adverse events were elicited at each biweekly visit by the treating clinician using the Safety Monitoring Uniform Report Form , a semistructured review of body systems .
31 Vital signs ( pulse and blood pressure ) and weight were measured at each visit .
Blood samples for complete blood cell count , electrolyte levels , liver functions , and citalopram and serotonin levels were obtained at week 12 .
Statistical analysis
Subject disposition from screening to week 12 was described with frequencies and percentages .
All efficacy and safety analyses used the intent - to - treat principle .
Tests for differences in means of continuous variables were performed using 2 independent - samples t tests , and differences in distributions of categorical variables were assessed using the Fisher exact test or χ 2 test .
Multiple linear and logistic regression analyses were used to assess interaction by clinical center and the effect of other potential covariates , confounders , and effect modifiers , including medication adherence and dosage .
Generalized estimating equations were used to evaluate the effect of treatment in outcomes measured successively over time .
The primary analysis compared the proportion of subjects showing a positive response between groups using the χ 2 test .
For subjects who failed to complete all postrandomization assessments , the last observation was carried forward .
For comparison purposes , analyses were also performed among subjects who completed all assessments .
A similar approach was followed for each secondary outcome .
All analyses are performed using commercially available software ( SAS version 9.1 ; SAS Institute , Cary , North Carolina ) .
Unless otherwise specified , all statistical tests were performed at a 5 % level of significance ( 2 - sided ) .
The study was designed to ensure 90 % power to detect a relative risk of 2.25 ( eg , 45 % vs 20 % of subjects meeting response criteria for the primary outcome in the citalopram and placebo groups , respectively ) using a 2 - sided χ 2 test at a 5 % level of significance .
The outcome used to determine size was the composite criterion ( CGI - I score of 1 or 2 and a 25 % reduction on the CYBOCS - PDD ) .
This sample size calculation ensured sufficient power for the primary and main secondary analyses .
Results
Two hundred forty - four of 331 participants screened by telephone were presumed eligible and were invited for a screening visit .
Consent was obtained for 175 subjects , and 149 were randomized to receive citalopram ( n = 73 ) or placebo ( n = 76 ) .
Most participants ( 82.6 % ) completed the 12 - week trial .
In the citalopram - treated group , 12.3 % stopped early due to adverse events and another 2.7 % withdrew consent ; in the placebo group , 9.2 % left early owing to adverse events and another 6.6 % withdrew consent ( Figure 1 ) .
The citalopram - treated and placebo groups were balanced in terms of demographic and baseline characteristics , including age , sex , race / ethnicity , nonverbal IQ , Tanner stage , and Clinical Global Impressions , Severity of Illness Scale score ( Table 1 ) .
Efficacy
There was no significant difference in the proportion of CGI - I responders at 12 weeks between the citalopram - treated group ( 32.9 % ) and the placebo group ( 34.2 % ) ( relative risk , 0.96 ; 95 % confidence interval , 0.61 - 1.51 ; P > .99 ) .
Using the generalized estimating equation method , although there was significant improvement for participants over time ( P < .001 ) , there was no significant difference in the rate of improvement on the CGI - I between the groups ( P = .94 ) ( Figure 2 ) .
Over time , there was no significant difference between the groups in score reduction on the CYBOCS - PDD from baseline ( mean [ SD ] , − 2.0 [ 3.4 ] points [ from 15.1 to 13.1 points ] for the citalopram group and − 1.9 [ 2.5 ] points [ from 15.0 to 13.1 points ] for the placebo group ; P = .85 ) ( Figure 3 ) .
Increasing the threshold for positive response by using the combined CGI - I and CYBOCS - PDD criteria also showed no difference between treatment groups at 12 weeks ( 20.6 % for citalopram vs 13.2 % for placebo ; P = .28 ) .
Furthermore , there were no significant differences in any of the 6 subscale scores of the Repetitive Behavior Scale–Revised at 12 weeks ( P > .37 for all ) ( Table 2 ) .
Although the change in the Irritability subscale score of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist –Community version achieved statistical significance ( without any correction for multiple comparisons ) from baseline to week 12 ( Table 2 ) , the difference in change scores was small ( 2.27 points favoring the citalopram group ) .
None of the other Aberrant Behavior Checklist –Community version subscale scores differed by treatment group .
The results for the primary and secondary outcomes remained consistent when adjusted for dosage , adherence , and relevant baseline characteristics .
The results of complete case analyses were also consistent with the lack of any meaningful differences between the active and placebo treatment arms .
There was no significant effect of IQ on treatment response .
Citalopram levels
The mean ( SD ) dosages of citalopram hydrobromide and placebo at week 12 were 16.5 ( 6.5 ) mg ( mode , 20 mg ) and 18.5 ( 3.5 ) mg ( mode , 20 mg ) , respectively ( P = .05 ) .
In the citalopram - treated group , the drug level at 12 weeks ranged from 0 to 260 ng / mL ( mean [ SD ] , 55.7 [ 49.3 ] ng/ mL ) .
The zero value was obtained from a child who dropped out of the study early in the trial but returned for his scheduled 12 - week visit , consistent with intent - to - treat principles .
Parent - reported adherence to treatment was high in both groups ( mean [ SD ] , 96.1 % [ 7.8 % ] for the citalopram - treated group and 98.6 % [ 3.1 % ] for the placebo group ; P = .03 ) .
Adverse events
Compared with placebo , adverse events were significantly more likely to occur in the citalopram - treated group , in which 97.3 % subjects ( vs 86.8 % in the placebo group ) reported at least 1 treatment - emergent adverse events ( P = .03 ) .
The most common adverse events in the citalopram - treated group were increased energy level , impulsiveness , decreased concentration , hyperactivity , stereotypy , diarrhea , insomnia , and dry skin or pruritus .
Table 3 provides the numbers and percentages for events occurring at a threshold of at least 10 % of the subjects in either group .
Although not listed in Table 3 , nightmares occurred in 6.8 % of the citalopram - treated group and in 0 % of the placebo group ( P = .03 ) .
Two subjects ( 2.7 % ) treated with citalopram experienced seizures during the trial .
One subject with a history of seizures had a single seizure and continued in the trial with the addition of an anticonvulsant medication .
The other subject had a serious adverse event consisting of a prolonged seizure with loss of consciousness , and required emergency hospitalization .
Although citalopram treatment was stopped , the subject subsequently continued to have frequent seizures .
Comment
Citalopram was not superior to placebo in this sample of children with ASDs .
Neither the rate of positive global response to citalopram treatment , nor the dimensional scores of repetitive behavior on the blinded clinician–rated CYBOCS - PDD , nor the parent - rated Repetitive Behavior Scale–Revised scores suggested any difference between groups .
Although a difference emerged between treatment groups on the Irritability subscale score of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist –Community version , this difference does not seem to be clinically meaningful , and absolute end point values were equivalent .
The absence of an effect with citalopram is unlikely owing to attrition , inadequate sample size , or poor adherence to the protocol , as most of the participants completed the entire trial and because treatment compliance was excellent .
Another potential explanation for the failure of citalopram to differentiate from placebo in our study is inadequate dosing ( maximum , 20 mg / d ) .
Although possible , the citalopram dosage schedule used in the trial was associated with significantly elevated rates of adverse events , suggesting that further dosage increases would not have been advised .
In addition , we found no relationship between citalopram dosage or measured citalopram level and clinical response .
The mean maximum dosage achieved , 16.5 mg/d , is similar to dosages identified as effective in open - label studies of ASDs .
18,19
In the open - label study of escitalopram by Owley et al , 32 40 % of responders were treated with dosages well within this range ( < 10 mg/d of escitalopram oxalate ) .
Furthermore , our measured citalopram levels at week 12 ( mean [ SD ] , 55.7 [ 49.3 ] ng/ mL ) exceed those reported for adults receiving 20 mg/d for depression .
33
Therefore , underdosing is an unlikely explanation for our results .
A potential limitation of this study is the selection of repetitive behavior as the major treatment focus .
The rationale for this target is the established efficacy of SSRIs for reducing symptoms of obsessive - compulsive disorder in children and adolescents .
34,35
However , it may be that the repetitive behavior in children with ASDs is fundamentally different from what is observed among children with obsessive - compulsive disorder in its behavioral picture and in its biologic underpinnings .
22
A strength of the use of a global measure of response ( eg , not restricted to repetitive behavior ) is that clinically meaningful improvement associated with medication use was unlikely to be missed .
Therefore , this approach provided the opportunity to detect benefits in areas other than repetitive behavior .
It is possible that the outcome would have been different had there been a specific recruitment threshold established for other potential targets ( eg , anxiety , irritability , and mood symptoms ) .
Ratings on the Aberrant Behavior Checklist , Irritability subscale at entry in this study averaged 13 points .
This total is half that of subjects in the Research Units on Pediatric Psychopharmacology risperidone study , 36 in which irritability was a specific focus of treatment .
Therefore , we cannot rule out the possibility that citalopram could be effective for these other treatment targets .
On the other hand , it is also possible that citalopram - responsive symptoms are simply uncommon and went undetected on the CGI - I in this large sample .
The overall rate of adverse events observed across groups in this trial may seem high , perhaps owing to the systematic method of elicitation used in the trial .
31 Although few adverse events led to discontinuation , citalopram use was associated with significantly more adverse events than placebo .
The frequent observation of increased energy level , insomnia , and impulsiveness with citalopram therapy is consistent with many reports concerning the emergence of behavioral problems in children having ASDs treated with SSRIs .
The finding of stereotypy as an adverse event with a drug that was hypothesized to help repetitive behavior was unexpected and did not seem to be associated with general behavioral activation , as this symptom did not significantly co-occur with increased energy level or impulsiveness .
It is possible that an increase in stereotypy may be a proxy for some other nonspecific discomfort .
Two children experienced convulsions while treated with citalopram .
It is unclear whether citalopram use was causal , as one child had a preexisting seizure disorder and the other child continued to experience seizures after discontinuation of the drug .
However , these events are consistent with some reports of an association of SSRIs and seizures ( eg , in overdose ) .
37 This highlights the importance of clinical discussion and monitoring for emergence or worsening of convulsions in vulnerable populations .
Together , the results of this trial highlight that SSRI exposure in children with ASDs is not without risk .
14,38-40
Our placebo response rate of 34.2 % is consistent with some other studies 41,42 involving children with autism and other conditions such as depression .
This reinforces the value of placebo control in pediatric psychopharmacologic research .
The contrast between the published positive open - trial citalopram experience 18,19 and this negative large controlled study might raise questions about the efficacy of SSRIs as a class for repetitive behavior in childhood ASDs .
In a controlled trial of the SSRI fluvoxamine , a low response rate ( 6 % ) and poor tolerability were also reported .
14
In contrast , the small trial by Hollander et al8 showed that low - dose fluoxetine treatment was modestly but statistically beneficial for repetitive behavior in childhood ASDs and was well tolerated .
Although there may be differences in response to particular SSRIs among this population , at present there is insufficient research evidence to merit a clear recommendation regarding the use of SSRIs as a class for the treatment of repetitive behaviors in children with ASDs .
There is growing recognition that children and adolescents with ASDs have serious behavioral problems and psychiatric symptoms that may be appropriate targets for pharmacotherapy .
7,43
To date , there are few large - scale trials to guide clinical practice , so clinicians are left to address these problems with inadequate information .
The results of this trial indicate that citalopram is not an effective treatment for children having ASDs with moderate or greater repetitive behavior .
The results also highlight the urgent need for placebo - controlled trials of medications commonly used for children with ASDs to determine whether the risks of specific drugs substantially outweigh their benefits .
Correspondence : Bryan H. King , MD , Seattle Children 's Hospital , University of Washington , 4800 Sand Point Way NE , Seattle , WA 98105 ( bhking@u.washington.edu ) .
Submitted for Publication : August 8 , 2008 ; final revision received October 24 , 2008 ; accepted October 27 , 2008 .
Author Contributions :
All of the authors had full access to all of the data in the study and take responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analysis .
STAART Psychopharmacology Network Group Members : Rosemary Affeldt , MSW , LICSW ; Denisse Ambler , MD ; George Anderson , PhD ; May - Lynn Andresen , RN ; Grace Baranek , PhD ; Jennifer Bartz , PhD ; Karen Bearss , PhD ; Terrence C. Bethea , MD ; Jennifer Cowen , MA ; Pegeen Cronin , PhD ; Margaret DeRamus , BA ; Robert Dimino , PhD ; Tywanda Ellison , PhD ; Nicole Feirsen , BA ; Lilia Fenelon , BA ; Anita Gordon , MSW ; Danielle Halpern , PhD ; Marisa B. Houser , MS ; Cathy Jones , BA ; Lawrence Kaplan , MD ; Paul Kartheiser , MD ; Robyn Keske , MSW , MPH ; Young Shin Kim , MD , PhD ; Kathy Koenig , MSN ; Erin Kustan , BA ; Kathleen Lapp , MD ; Arthur Maerlender , PhD ; Brenna McDonald , PsyD , MBA ; Debra McQuade , PhD , MD ; Shana Nichols , PhD ; Roumen Nikolov , MD ; Maryellen Pachler , MSN ; Emily Quinn , MA ; Idania Ramirez , MPH ; Jennifer Richards , MD ; Peter Robichaux , BA ; Fay Robinson , BA ; Jade Rusoff , BA ; Bhavik Shah , MD ; Latha Soorya , PhD ; Linda Spritzer , BA ; Erika Swanson , BA ; Tara Tripp , MA ; John Vidaver , MA ; Shulamit Waldoks , BA ; A. Ting Wang , PhD ; Stacey Wasserman , MD ; and Emily Williams , MEd .
Financial Disclosure : All of the authors received salary contributions from the National Institutes of Health , which supported this study .
Dr King reports serving as a consultant to BioMarin Pharmaceuticals , Inc , and Neuropharm Ltd and as an unpaid consultant to Forest Laboratories , Nastech Pharmaceutical Co Inc , and Seaside Therapeutics .
He has received or has pending research grant support from Neuropharm Ltd and Seaside Therapeutics .
Dr Hollander reports serving as a consultant to Neuropharm Ltd , Nastech Pharmaceutical Co Inc , Abbott Labs , and Forest Laboratories .
He has received research grant support from Bristol - Myers Squibb , Johnson & Johnson , Abbott Labs , Eli Lilly and Company , and UCB Pharma .
Dr Sikich has received or has pending research grant support from Bristol - Myers Squibb , Neuropharm Ltd , Eli Lilly and Company , Janssen Pharmaceutica , Otsuka , and Seaside Therapeutics .
Dr Sikich also reports serving as a consultant to Sanofi- aventis .
Dr McCracken has served as a consultant for Abbott Labs , Eli Lilly and Company , Janssen Pharmaceutica , Johnson & Johnson , McNeil Pharmaceuticals , Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp , Wyeth Pharmaceuticals , Shire Pharmaceuticals , and Sanofi- aventis .
He has received research grant support from Bristol - Myers Squibb , Eli Lilly and Company , McNeil Pharmaceuticals , Pfizer , Shire Pharmaceuticals , Johnson & Johnson , and Aspect Medical Systems .
He has served on the speakers bureau for UCB ( Union Chimique Belge ) and Eli Lilly and Company .
Dr Scahill has served as a consultant to Janssen Pharmaceutica , Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc , Bristol - Myers Squibb , Boehringer - Ingelheim , Shire Pharmaceuticals , and Neuropharm Ltd and has received research grant support from Neuropharm Ltd.
Dr Bregman reports having received research support from Neuropharm Ltd , Bristol - Myers Squibb , Johnson & Johnson , and Forest Laboratories .
Dr Donnelly has served as a consultant for Eli Lilly and Company , Abbott Labs , Wyeth , Janssen Pharmaceutica , and Impax Pharmaceuticals .
He has served on the speakers bureau for Eli Lilly and Company and Janssen Pharmaceutica .
He has received research funding from Eli Lilly and Company .
Dr Anagnostou has served as a consultant to IntegraGen .
Funding / Support :
This work was funded by National Institutes of Health via the following STAART center contracts : Mount Sinai School of Medicine , New York , New York : U54 - MH066673 , Eric Hollander , MD , principal investigator ( PI ) ; University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill : U54 - MH066418 , Joseph Piven , MD , PI ; University of California at Los Angeles : U54 - MH068172 , Marian Sigman , PhD , PI ; Yale University , New Haven , Connecticut : U54 - MH066494 , Fred Volkmar , MD , PI .
Dartmouth Medical School , Hanover , New Hampshire , and Boston University , Boston , Massachusetts : U54 - MH066398 , Helen Tager - Flusberg , PhD , PI ; and DM - STAT , Inc , Boston : U01 - HD045023 , Kimberly Dukes , PhD , PI .
All of the study medications were purchased using National Institutes of Health grant funds .
Role of the Sponsor : This study was monitored by National Institute of Mental Health Data and Safety Management Board A. Participation of the National Institutes of Health is reflected in individual authors ' contributions .
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official position of the National Institute of Mental Health , the National Institutes of Health , or any other part of the US Department of Health and Human Services .
Previous Presentations :
This study was presented in part at the 55th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry ; November 1 , 2008 ; Chicago , Illinois .
The Dakar , the cross-country off - road race named for a place it no longer visits on a continent it abandoned , concluded it 's second year away from Africa with teams of 88 motorcycles , 14 quads , 57 cars , and 28 trucks traversing rugged terrain in Argentina and Chile .
Security fears led officials to South America .
The 5600 - mile stage race , spread over two weeks , covered widely varying terrain , including a crossing of the Atacama Desert , and pushed both participants and machines to their limits .
( 30 photos total
Stereotyping People by Their Favorite Author
( by the way – I respect every author on here , kind of )
J.D. Salinger
Kids who do n’t fit in ( duh ) .
Stephenie Meyer
People who type like this : OMG .
Mah fAvvv ❤ < 3 .
J.K. Rowling
Smart geeks .
Jack Kerouac
Umphrey ’s McGee fans .
Jeffrey Eugenides
Girls who did n’t get enough drama when they were younger .
Lauren Weisberger
Girls who ca n’t read .
Or think .
Jonathan Safran Foer
30 somethings who were cool when they were 20 something .
Jodi Picoult
Your mom when she ’s at her time of the month .
Chuck Klosterman
Boys who do n’t read .
Chuck Palahniuk
Boys who ca n’t read .
Christopher Hitchens
People I would love to hang out with .
Leo Tolstoy
Guys I want to date .
Fyodor Dostoevsky
Guys I want to sleep with .
( The difference between the two Russian authors lies in the fact that I think the Underground Man is sexier than Pierre Buzukhov ) .
Christopher Buckley ( or William F. Buckley )
People who love excess verbiage .
Ayn Rand
Workaholics seeking validation .
David Foster Wallace
Confirmed 90 ’s literati .
Jane Austen ( or Bronte Sisters )
Girls who made out with other girls in college when they were going through a “ phase ” .
Haruki Murakami
People who like good music .
Ralph Waldo Emerson
People who can start a fire .
Nathaniel Hawthorne
People who used to sleep so heavy that they would pee their pants .
Charles Dickens
Ninth graders who think they ’re going to be authors someday but end up in marketing .
William Shakespeare
People who like bondage .
Mark Twain
Liars .
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
People who drink scotch .
Joseph Conrad
People who drink old fashioneds .
Dominick Dunne
People who get their class from Vanity Fair .
Anne Rice
People who do n’t use conditioner in their hair .
Edgar Allan Poe
Men who live in their mother ’s basements .
Or goth seventh graders .
Michael Crichton
Doctors who went to third - tier medical schools .
John Grisham
Doctors who went to medical schools in the Dominican Republic .
Dan Brown
People who used to get lost in supermarkets when they were kids .
Dave Eggers
Guys who are in the third coolest frat of a private college .
Emily Giffin
Women who give their boyfriend marriage ultimatums .
Richard Russo
People whose favorite day in elementary school was “ Grandparent ’s Day ” .
Anais Nin
Librarians .
Margaret Atwood
Women whose favorite color is hunter green .
William Faulkner
People who are good at crosswords .
Jackie Collins
Your drunk stepmother .
Nicholas Sparks
Women who are usually constipated .
James Patterson
Men who score a 153 on their LSAT exam .
Sylvia Plath
Girls who keep journals ( too easy ) .
George Orwell
Conspiracy theorists ( too easy ) .
Aldous Huxley
People who are bigger conspiracy theorists than Orwell fans .
Harper Lee
People who have read only one book in their life and it was To Kill A Mockingbird ( and it was their assigned reading in the ninth grade ) .
Nick Hornby
Guys who wear skinny jeans and the girls that love them .
Ernest Hemingway
Men who own cottages .
F. Scott Fitzgerald
People who get adjustable - rate mortgages .
Vladimir Nabokov
Men who use words like ‘ dubious ’ and ‘ tenacity ’ .
Friedrich Nietzsche
Sommeliers .
Bret Easton Ellis
Foo Fighters ’ fans .
Hunter S Thompson
That kid in your philosophy class with the stupid tattoo .
Cormac McCarthy
Men who do n’t eat cream cheese .
Thomas Aquinas
Premature ejaculators .
Pearl S. Buck
Women whose favorite president was Harry S. Truman .
Toni Morrison
Female high - school English professors who only have an undergraduate degree .
Thomas Pynchon
People who used to be fans of J.D. Salinger .
Elizabeth Gilbert
Women who liked the movie “ Divine Secrets of the Ya - Ya Sisterhood ” but did n’t read the book .
Rebecca Wells
Women on the East coast who wish they were from the South .
Tama Janowitz
Cougars who went to an urban college in the 80s .
Alice Sebold
People who liked Gilmore Girls – even in the first season .
Michael Swanwick
Men who argue Neil Gaiman is overrated .
Terry Goodkind
People who have never been dungeons master but still play D&D .
Stephen King
11th graders who peed their pants while watching the movie It .
H.P. Lovecraft
People who can quote the Comic Book Guy from Simpsons .
Brothers Grimm
Only children with Oedipal complexes .
Lewis Carroll
People who move to Thailand after high school for the drug scene .
C.S. Lewis
Youth group leaders who picked their nose in the 4th grade .
Elmore Leonard
People who know how to perform a “ Michigan left ” .
Shel Silverstein
Girls who ca n’t spell “ leheim ” .
Douglas Adams
People who bought the first generation Amazon Kindle .
Tucker Max
Guys who have n’t convinced their girlfriends to try anal yet .
Alexis de Tocqueville
Political theory and constitutional democracy majors .
Tom Clancy
People who skipped school by hiding out in the gym .
Herman Hesse
People who own one straw chair in their house .
Phillippa Gregory
Women who have repressed their desire to go to Renaissance Festivals
Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Men who ca n’t lie but will instead be silent if they know you do n’t want to hear the truth .
Susan Wiggs
Older women who are surprisingly loud during sex .
Nicole Krauss
Girls who intern at Nylon but end up moving back to the Midwest for their real job .
Mitch Albom
People who did n’t go to college but do well on crossword puzzles .
Stieg Larsson
Girls who are too frightened to go skydiving .
Sue Grafton
Women who have an @aol.com email address .
Seth Grahame - Smith
People who own a smart phone which requires a stylus to use it .
David Baldacci
No one .
Even the police say Clancy before they ’ll say Baldacci .
Michael Pollan
The girl who just turned vegan to cover up her eating disorder .
Andrew Ross Sorkin
People who refer to themselves as “ playing devil ’s advocate ” .
O. Henry
Men who have names like Earl or Cliff and were really close with their paternal grandfather .
Virginia Woolf
Female high - school French teachers who have their master ’s degree .
Michael Chabon
People who hate Ayelet Waldman .
Ray Bradbury
People who own golf head covers .
Joseph Heller
People who love buying drinks for their friends .
See also , people who cringe when they see their bar tab .
David Mitchell
Women who live in any area of Brooklyn other than Park Slope , but may end up there someday and if that day comes , they will switch to Barbara Kingsolver fans .
Max Barry
People who do n’t mind the color orange .
Dean Koontz
People who would never dream of owning any type of “ toy ” breed dog .
John Irving
People whose parents are divorced .
Richard Dawkins
People who have their significant other grab them under the table in order to shut them up whenever someone else at a dinner says something absolutely ridiculous and wrong .
Salman Rushdie
People who google image search Padma Lakshmi late at night .
Albert Camus
People who went to art school after “ trying it out ” at a public university .
Kurt Vonnegut
People who played Creep by Radiohead while having sex or smoking pot .
Longer explanation here .
James Joyce
People who do not like John Cusack movies .
Charlaine Harris
Elementary school teacher ’s aids .
Jorge Luis Borges
People who took care of their dying grandparents .
Terry Pratchett
People who really like monkeys .
Oscar Wilde
People who ca n’t resist anything .
See also , people who claim they ’re going to change but never do .
Truman Capote
People who would never dream of owning anything that could be classified as a “ knick - knack ” .
Tom Wolfe
People who do n’t mind others smoking around them .
Neil Gaiman
People who can name at least two Miyazaki films .
My Twitter
My Tumblr
Hell , it 's about time ... to start playing some StarCraft II !
Blizzard has announced that the closed beta test for StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty is officially a go , with invitations going out to " thousands of gamers . "
Yeah , check your e-mail !
Advertisement
Scratch that .
Check your Battle . net account !
That 's where you 'll find your StarCraft II closed beta fate .
If you did n't get in for the first look at Blizzard 's next real - time strategy game and the revamped matchmaking service that goes along with it , you better head to Battle .
net now , create an account and be on your best behavior .
Beta keys only go out to good boys and girls .
If you have one of those BlizzCon golden tickets that permit you access to the beta , check out the StarCraft II beta FAQ to see how to use it .
Advertisement
While you wait for your invitation to go out , make sure your PC is up to snuff .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Did you get in ?
Let us know !!
For two weeks , Charles P. Pierce is taking a hard - earned and well - deserved vacation .
As such , we 're re-promoting some of the greatest pieces he 's written on President Barack Obama for Esquire over the last several years .
We hope that the insights in these classic stories help contextualize other happenings you might find in your daily news feed .
We continue it today with his breakdown of Obama 's first State of the Union address , delivered on January 27 , 2010 .
The moment stands as a clear benchmark for his first year as president .
— The Editors
It 's a wonder he did n't laugh out loud .
Looking out over the frauds and lightweights and bland hunks of man-cheese that make up the assembled political establishment , and beyond them to a spavined and impotent political culture that would embarrass any self - respecting monkey house , and beyond that to a country willing to abandon almost anything it once deemed important to the first huckster who turns up weeping on cable television , Barack Obama must have been sorely tempted to let out one final , mighty guffaw and close his first State of the Union address with the words , " And I am the only president of the United States in this room , motherfuckers , " after which he would return to the White House and eat Mitch McConnell 's gonads on toast .
But , of course , he did n't do that .
There were the usual sonorous banalities about how everyone in Washington should work together , and about how great the American people are .
There was something in the address to piss off just about everyone .
He came out for more nuclear plants , for the marketing mirage that is " clean " coal , and , if not for " Drill , baby drill , " then for " Drill a little bit there , baby . "
He talked about tax cuts until hell would n't have them .
" Thought I might get a little applause there , " he said , grinning down at the wax museum that is the Republican congressional leadership .
At the same time , he stuck the Republicans in a box over why they can't go along with a fee to get back the rest of the public money that the government shoveled into the banks so that Tim Geithner would n't be hanging from a lamppost in lower Manhattan .
The lumpy Caucasians of American " conservatism " sat there motionless , freezing themselves into the opening frames of every campaign commercial that will be run on behalf of a Democrat come fall — if the Democrats are smart , which is always a long shot .
He had a whole truckload of ideas on making college more affordable .
He talked tough on regulatory reform .
He even mocked the Republicans on the spending freeze that was so unpopular with Obama 's own base .
When some hay - shaker snickered about the fact that the freeze does n't start until 2011 , he pointed out , " That is the way budgeting is done . "
And get that weak - ass shit out of my house .
And he did something I never thought he'd get around to doing .
In his own unique way — which is to say elliptically and gently and with maddening equanimity — he made it quite plain on several occasions exactly who was responsible for the big , steaming bags of awful that were waiting on his desk when he took office a year ago .
For all the pundits who were advising him to be more like the Blessed Ronnie Reagan , this was the most Reaganesque moment any president has had since ole Dutch shuffled off .
In his first State of the Union , and for nearly three years after that , Reagan never missed an opportunity to hang anything that went wrong on Jimmy Carter .
( No names , of course .
This is Washington and that simply is not done . )
Every time Obama referenced " the last administration " or " the lost decade , " and , especially at that moment when , while discussing Republican economic policy , he explained , " That 's what we did for eight years , " I suspect the wind blew cold through the uncut brush of a now abandoned toy ranch in Crawford .
There was a weight to him last night that was n't there during the campaign , as though he 's spent a year in the job and realized quite recently how goddamn hard it is to work with cowards and morons to get anything whatsoever done , and that he realized even more recently that he really might be up to the job .
All that serene confidence on the campaign trail always struck me as affectation , as armor against a job he was chasing that seemed to grow more miserable by the moment .
No sane person should have wanted to be president that much in 2008 .
If he was having trouble finding his feet , it was because the presidency was more of a morass than it ever was .
Last night , though , he had to know .
You do n't do what he did unless you know — calling out not only the political opposition for its opportunistic nihilism , and not only the United States Senate for its structural inertia and for the remarkable number of venal gobshites among its membership , but the Supreme Goddamn Court of the United States , sitting right there in front of him , for handing down a recent decision that guarantees that every election for the foreseeable future will have all the essential integrity and nobility of a Moroccan bazaar .
You do n't do that , getting Justice Sam Alito mumbling under his breath like a drunk on a subway , unless you know you 're the only president in the room .
Who else is there ?
The Democrats are a timorous collection of trimmers and hedgers , one more bad beat away from whimpering themselves into a gelatinous goo just liquid enough to ooze under the door of some lobbying shop .
They could n't get laid in a whorehouse if they drove up in a Brink 's truck .
They spent a flat year trying to get one vote out of Olympia Snowe .
And the Republicans are simply insane .
Poor old John McCain is being primaried by J.D. Hayworth , once the dumbest man in Congress , at the behest of what might be called the lunatic fringe , if it was n't the very mainstream of the party now .
The energy of the party is wholly directed from the ancient , dark heart of American conspiracy theories , where it is not directed at simply standing athwart anything this president wants to do .
Republicans repeatedly have voted against measures they have previously supported .
Meanwhile , angry seniors in goofy hats have got them all terrified .
Even Sarah Palin , as empty a vessel as ever was , is being eclipsed by Scott Brown , the recently elected senator from Massachusetts , who ran a campaign in which he was identified as a Republican about as often as he was identified as a Gaboon viper .
The grumpy grampas loved him .
And the political culture is no better .
Sally Quinn , the aging doyenne at the Washington Post , wrote a column shortly before the speech in which the Obama administration was chided for not going to all the right parties , and did so in a tone so arch it would have sent Marie Antoinette up the walls of the Bastille herself .
The hottest book at the moment is Game Change , which is what de Tocqueville would have written , if he'd been a sniggering seventh - grade gossip , and which spends endless pages leering at the bloody wreckage of the marriage of John and Elizabeth Edwards while mentioning Afghanistan twice .
Being president at this sodden , moldering time in history requires a considerable immunity against infectious bullshit .
Barack Obama has been at this for a year .
We 've all watched as the noble speeches congealed into doughy inaction too often already .
He has stumbled and he has bungled , and he 's probably going to see a lot of his margin for error erased in the midterm elections in November .
He still overrates the American people as a political commonwealth , and he remains resolutely determined to seek out the good in a political opposition that wants his head on a plate .
But , last night , it became clear that he'd better know what he 's doing , for all our sakes , because last night , he was the baddest ass on the block , and the only president in the hall .
RELATED LINKS :
Charles P. Pierce Charles P Pierce is the author of four books , most recently Idiot America , and has been a working journalist since 1976 .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
We create custom business forms with your logo , tagline , corporate colors & custom lay - outs to meet your specific requirements .
Our team has experience in diverse functions & business domains and understand your business needs and the information requirements to design the forms quickly & efficiently without constantly contacting you for additional information .
We design and create business forms in different formats - printable ( forms to be printed and filled by hand ) , electronic ( forms fillable on a computer ) , web forms ( filled and submitted online with a browser ) with rich , interactive and user friendly features such as input validations , date picker , list boxes , combo boxes , automatic calculations , input based enabling / disabling of other fields and digital signatures .
We have experience in creating user - friendly custom business forms with rich features in Word , Excel , PDF and HTML .
Protected MS
Word forms with form fields , validations , calculations , macros & VBA
Adobe PDF Forms built using Adobe Professional or Adobe Lifecycle Designer and accessible with Adobe Reader
Excel Forms built using Excel formulas & functions , macros and VBA
Web - based HTML
Forms accessible with any web browser
Accessible forms built for assistive output devices like screen readers for users with vision or mobility impairment , cognitive or learning disabilities .
We specialize in creating business forms that can be easily integrated with databases .
When working on a large batch of forms , we analyze the requirement and create a master list of fields , standardize them and then develop the forms .
The forms are then created with appropriate tags / field codes to identify and facilitate import into a structured database .
We have developed applications that can bulk import data from these custom business forms to databases or database formats such Excel , MS Access , MySQL , SQL Server , XML , CSV or delimited text files .
We also have developed applications where filled forms are generated in bulk in PDF by filling some or all the fields from a database ; this is useful for sending custom business forms to individuals with some of the data filled automatically by the system .
What are you looking for ?
PDF Form - Excel Form - Word Form - HTML Forms - Accessible Forms - Web Form with Online Signing
Request for Quote / Information - please fill this form to request quote or to ask for information .
You may also want to check these : General Business Support | Data Entry | Recruitment Backoffice | Sales & Marketing Support | Create PDF Forms | Creating Word Forms | Create Excel Forms | Accessible Forms | HTML Forms
Posted by : Loren Coleman on January 5th , 2010
Let ’s jump into the new year with a guest column about …
Mystery Kangaroos in Japan
by Brent Swancer
Japan has its fair share of natural beauty and unique fauna , but one thing that no one expects to find here is kangaroos in the wild .
Yet this is exactly what bewildered residents have reported seeing in a rural community in Miyagi prefecture , which is located in northeastern Honshu , Japan .
The last months of 2009 in particular saw a spate of mysterious kangaroo sightings in the area around Ōsaki city , Miyagi prefecture , that have had authorities scratching their heads .
Most of the sightings have occurred in and around the wilds of the rural Mayama district , which is known for its open fields , grassland , and pastures .
The first report of the year occurred on October 24 , 2009 , when a resident of the Mayama district spotted a kangaroo in the woods .
The animal was described by the eyewitness as being around 1 meter ( 3.3 feet ) in height , with beige colored fur and shining eyes .
Several other separate reports of kangaroos began to come in over the following months .
The most recent sighting occurred towards the end of December , when an elderly woman spotted a kangaroo bounding across an open field .
Miyagi Prefecture
As amazing as these sightings are , the locale is not exactly new to kangaroos roaming its countryside , and in some ways the recent sightings could be seen as a recurrence of an ongoing phenomenon in the area .
According to Etsuro Ishikawa , the head of Mayama ’s community center , there have been at least 20 reports of kangaroo sightings in the area over the past seven years .
This suggests that the animal is a rather long term resident , and has managed to survive on its own in this habitat .
It is not clear whether these sightings have been of the same kangaroo , or if is a solitary animal or several .
Now obviously , kangaroos are not native to Japan .
So how did one get there ?
What is going on here ?
There have been no reports of missing kangaroos from zoos around the area , and the animals would find it a tough swim from Australia to Japan .
This leaves us with the possibility of escapees or released pets .
The probability of this is actually very high since currently the sale and rearing of kangaroos and wallabies are n’t subject to any regulations under Japanese law .
In fact , these animals can regularly be seen openly for sale at pet shops throughout the country .
Considering this ,
It certainly seems possible for an escaped or released exotic pet to be behind the reports .
Wherever it came from , there has been some speculation as to what species of kangaroo it could be as well as the odds that one could even survive for any appreciable length of time in Japan ’s temperate climate .
Eastern Grey Kangaroo
Motoyasu Ida , a zoo official at the Ueno Zoo in Tokyo , Japan , thinks that the culprit could be an Eastern Grey Kangaroo ( Macropus giganteus ) .
Eastern Greys are relatives of the red kangaroo , and are found in Australia in the eastern half of Queensland , most of New South Wales and Victoria , and in parts of South Australia .
They are a large species , with heights of up to 1.8 meters ( 6 feet ) , and weights of up to 60 kg ( 135lbs ) .
This size fits in well with eyewitnesses estimates of the animal or animals as being anywhere from 1 meter ( 3.3 feet ) to 1.8 meters ( 6 feet ) tall , indicating that the kangaroo would be of a fairly large species .
Eastern Greys also match the light grey to brown or beige coloration described in eyewitness reports of the mystery kangaroos .
Ida also thinks that an Eastern Grey would make a good candidate due to the species ’ sturdiness and adaptability , a must for surviving long term through the area ’s cold winters .
He said , “ If the body ( of the mystery kangaroo ) is as big as an Eastern Grey kangaroo , it would be able to maintain its body temperature , even when it ’s cold . ”
Ida also remarked that even in the dead of winter , the Eastern Greys at Ueno zoo are remarkably active and like to spend a lot of time out of their enclosures in the cold .
Indeed , Eastern Greys are incredibly adaptable , which is a large part of the reason why they are one of the most ubiquitous and commonly seen species of kangaroo in their native range .
If there is enough food , it seems at least plausible that a kangaroo of this type , or even a group of them could feasibly survive in this habitat .
Japanese zoologist , Hideo Obara , also seems to concur that some kangaroos can be very good survivors .
Obara explained , “ It would n’t be that unusual for a kangaroo to be living in Miyagi prefecture .
Kangaroos are good at adapting to different environments and some species live in areas where the temperature gets below freezing . ”
American cryptozoologist Loren Coleman does n’t agree that a kangaroo is necessarily the culprit , and offered his own ideas on what could be behind the sightings .
Coleman said , “ Purely based on size alone , I have to disagree with the Japanese expert ’s opinion .
If this is a typical ‘ out of place ‘ roo report , ’ the species described will not turn out to be a kangaroo , but a wallaby .
As I note in my chapter on ‘ mystery kangaroos ’ or ‘ phantom kangaroos ’ in Mysterious America , there are wallabies adapted to colder climates that do well in northern locations .
They are the ones that are most often , incorrectly , reported as kangaroos . ”
There have been no photos or video footage taken of the phantom “ kangaroos ” at this point , so speculation is likely to remain for now on whether kangaroos or wallabies are behind the Japanese eyewitness accounts .
Despite the bizarre nature of this case , experts and authorities are taking the recent sightings seriously .
In an effort to quell some residents ’ fears , Obara has said that he does n’t believe kangaroos on the loose in the area would pose any threat to the environment or to humans .
Even so , residents have been warned that anyone seeing one of the kangaroos is not to approach the animal and to contact the proper authorities immediately .
The Kangaroo label sake locals are making in response to the recent sightings .
Whether these kangaroos or wallabies are dangerous or not , one enterprising local brand of Japanese liquor has decided to capitalize on all the publicity generated by the recent sightings .
They have relabeled one of their lines of sake ( Japanese rice wine ) to feature a kangaroo prominently on front .
The manufacturers hope to donate some of the proceeds towards the establishment of a kangaroo sanctuary in the area .
It looks like 2009 was a leap year for at least one rural community in Japan .
Will signs like this , not yet seen in Japan , be something to be placed there in the near future ?
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Tuesday , January 5th , 2010 at 12:00 am and is filed under Animal Escapees , Breaking News , Cryptomundo Exclusive , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Eyewitness Accounts , Guest Blog , Mystery Man's Menagerie .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
Here ’s a story you ’ve probably not heard before .
The Beginning
As you probably know , in the late 70 ’s Panic was writing VAX / VMS automation code for the textile industry .
Cotton attenuators , zipper sublimation , loom dynamics , that sort of thing .
What you might not know is that , once the early 80 ’s arrived , Panic got hit hard with two things : unkempt mutton chops , and Pac - Man Fever .
More precisely , Atari 2600 Pac - Man Fever .
Programmed by Todd Frye over the course of mere weeks , and only very generally resembling the Pac - Man arcade title we all loved at the time , the cartridge nonetheless went on to sell nearly 7 million units .
7 million .. at $ 30 a unit .. yes , when you ’ve been charging basic consulting fees for months of mainframe code , and you ’ve got a room full of bored programmers , one begins to do one ’s math .
That ’s exactly what Panic ’s then - CEO , Russ “ Raz ” Rasmussen , did .
“ You could fill one of those plastic cassettes with camel spit and those kids would still snap it up like over - eager turtles ! ” , we were ( seriously ) told .
The Raz had a knack for simile .
And that ’s how a small team of Panic programmers went to work making a series of four long - forgotten Atari 2600 games .
Back To Square One
I ’ll be honest : the games were disasters .
Clearly “ inspired ” by existing Atari 2600 games , with cringe - inducing graphics ( at one point , a tester confused a smiley face for a wagon wheel ) and inscrutable gameplay ( “ Rotate joystick to fire ! ” , read the manual of one ) , the games , once thought to be the savior of the company , almost heralded its demise .
A March 1982 Electronic
Games review bleakly captures the situation : “ We can only hope that kids follow Nancy Reagan ’s advice and ‘ just say no ’ to this steaming mound of [ Panic Games Software ] . ”
Almost immediately , the entire Panic Games lineup was being discounted at pennies on the dollar at every major retailer .
The rest is history .
The games department was shuttered .
The cartridges were never seen again ( landfill ? ) .
The hot tub was sent back .
And we thought that was the last of it …
A Surprising Discovery
… until now .
Cleaning out an old storage space during the move to our new offices , we were stunned : there , in front of us , were a couple of unopened cardboard boxes containing the last remaining items from this best - forgotten Panic era .
Empty , perfect - condition , never - used game boxes , and amazing heavy promotional posters once given out during a lavish CES party .
All seemingly teleported straight from , and smelling a bit like , 1982 .
And While This All Might Be Fiction …
… the cool boxes and art posters are definitely real !
Surely one of the more esoteric Panic Art Department side - projects ever conceived : we commissioned local artist Lukas Ketner to try the impossible , and work in a lost art style that literally nobody in the world does anymore .
The concept : what if Panic was around in 1982 , and our apps were early Atari 2600 games ?
We were so excited by his pitch perfect , early - 80 ’s , watercolor - and - pencil , quasi - terrifying , super - montage output , that we just had to make some stuff with it .
And lo , Panic Retro Posters and Panic Retro Boxes are now for sale !
These alternate - universe , time - warped re-imaginings of our Mac apps make for great collectables .
They ’re incredibly detailed and perfectly crafted .
And we think you ’ll like them , even though we realize the intersection in the “ Panic Fan ” and “ Atari 2600 Fan ” venn diagram may be very , very small .
( No need to ask : this was an art department project .
It did not slow down development of your favorite applications ! )
Technoarcheology and Earth Sciences , the Recovery of Nimbus II High Resolution Infrared Radiometer Data
" In 2008 the Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project ( LOIRP ) began a NASA ESMD sponsored project to resurrect 43 + year old Ampex FR - 900 instrumentation tape drives for the purpose of recovering , before the capability to do so becomes impossible , the last surviving master tapes from the five Lunar Orbiter spaceraft that orbited the Moon in support of Apollo in 1966 - 67 .
Our project is proceeding on our task to do so .
During our research on the Ampex tape drives we scoured the NASA Technical Reports Server as well as any other source we could get our hands on .
One of the things that the LOIRP team is going to do is to take the Nimbus II HRIR data from August 23rd 1966 and overlay that with the Lunar Orbiter 1 data on the same date for a composite mosaic .
There is potential for a significant synergy between Lunar Orbiter , Apollo , and Nimbus II and III data sets .
This type of synergy could provide many benefits to the Earth sciences community . "
Techno- Archaeology Rescues Climate Data from Early Satellites , National Snow and Ice Data Center
" Starting with the methods developed for the Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project ( LOIRP ) at NASA Ames Research Park , a team at NSIDC worked with Dennis Wingo at LOIRP to search NASA archives for the original Nimbus tapes containing raw images and calibrations .
Their first goal was to read and reprocess the data at a higher resolution , removing errors resulting from the limits of the original processing . "
Ever trip over a power cord and launch your laptop across the room ?
Me either , but that 's probably because of my laptop 's MagSafe breakaway magnetic power adapter .
If your laptop does n't have one , check Lifehacker 's guide for a DIY version .
Advertisement
You 'll need an existing power cord and about $ 32 in materials :
Neodymium Ring - Shaped Magnets ( enough to cover your adaptor plug with some overhang )
Wire Studs ( to fit into the power socket )
Steel Washers ( asst. sizes , make sure your magnets will STICK to them )
Thin Copper Foil ( Note : aluminum duct tape has too much resistance )
Electrical Tape
Two - Part Epoxy Adhesive
Nail(s )
Calming Incense ( to keep you sane while working with the fiddly bits )
The process of modifying your existing power cord actually seems rather easy , but please follow the instructions closely and do n't poke any wall outlets with the nails .
[ Instructables via Hack a Day via Lifehacker ]
Dieses Pokémon GO ist also das Geschäft , richtig ?
Unglücklicherweise für Leute wie mich , wenn man keinen Datenplan auf seinem Mobiltelefon hat , fühlt sich Pokémon GO nur einen Steinwurf von seinem …
Common - Law - Separation - Canada
Common Law Separation Canada FAQs
“ What is a common law relationship ? ”
A common law relationship is when two people live together in a marriage - like relationship .
The two people can be of the same sex or of the opposite sex .
No legal formalities are required .
“ how long does a couple have to live together to be common law ? ”
It depends on whether the issue is federal or provincial , and in what province you live .
Federal issues include items such as federal government pensions and division of the Canada Pension Plan upon separation .
Property division is determined by provincial law and each province has its own definition of what a common law spouse is .
For Ontario family law purposes , you must cohabit 3 years , or have a child and a relationship of some permanence .
In British Columbia family law , you must cohabit 2 years in a marriage - like relationship .
Under New Brunswick family law , you must live together continuously in a family relationship for 3 years and one person must be substantially dependant on the other for support , or , where the couple lives together for one year and has a child together .
In Nova Scotia , you must live together for two years .
Under Federal law , you can request a division of CPP benefits if you have lived together for 12 consecutive months .
As well , if you have lived together for 12 consecutive months , the same income tax rules apply to married and unmarried couples .
“ How do the courts determine what cohabitation is ? ”
Generally , a judge will look at the lifestyle of the parties in a common law relationship .
The normal test used is the one set out in the Canadian case of Moldowich v Penttinen , which sets out the following 7 factors :
1. Shelter – did the unmarried parties share accommodation ;
2. Sexual and Personal Behaviour – did the unmarried parties maintain an intimate interdependent relationship and were they so perceived by others ;
3. Services – did the common law couple share the traditional functions of a family ;
4. Social – did the unmarried couple portray themselves as a couple to the outside world ;
5. Societal – how were the common law partners treated by their community ;
6. Economic Support – were the unmarried parties economically interdependent ; and
7. Children – did the unmarried couple see children as part of their home and interact parentally with each others ’ children .
“ Can dating or an affair be considered cohabitation ? ”
Sometimes , yes .
It really depends on the facts of the case .
For instance in the Canadian case of Thauvette v Malvon , the common law parties had a 3 - year relationship .
During this time , they maintained separate residences .
However , the man helped the woman purchase her home , and spent 4 or 5 nights per week at her home .
The court found that the man and woman were cohabiting .
“ At one time during the 3 years my partner and I were in a relationship , we broke up for a few months .
Are we still considered to have cohabited for 3 years ? ”
Maybe not – it depends on the province .
The Ontario Family Law
Act requires 3 years of CONTINUOUS cohabitation for there to be a common law relatioship .
An interruption in the 3 years can destroy that continuity .
It really depends on the particular circumstances of the breakup .
If you simply needed time apart and were trying to work things out , then a court will probably find that your relationship was continuous .
If there was an intention by either party to end the relationship permanently at the time of the breakup , then a court will probably find that your relationship was NOT continuous .
In British Columbia , there is no requirement of continuity .
“ If I live with my partner for long enough , will we be considered married ? ”
No .
There ’s no such thing as common law marriage in Canada .
“ If I ’m common law Canada , do I need to obtain a divorce ? ”
No .
Your relationship is over when one of you says it ’s over .
“ I ’m living common law in Canada .
Is there any way I can have the same benefits as a married person ? ”
Yes , by entering into a cohabitation agreement .
Click here to learn how to PROTECT YOURSELF .
More Information
Click here to find out the main differences upon separation between marriage and common law relationships in Canada .
Click here to find out the main similarities upon separation between marriage and common law relationships in Canada .
Buffett continues to sell off energy stakes
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Warren Buffett continued to pare his investments in energy companies during the fourth quarter , while boosting his stake in a waste management provider , a regulatory filing showed Tuesday .
Buffett 's Omaha , Neb . - based holding company , Berkshire Hathaway , sold 19.6 million shares of ConocoPhillips ( COP , Fortune 500 ) and cut its already diminished holdings of Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) by about half , according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Meanwhile , the widely respected investor bought 4.6 million shares of Republic Services , Inc. , ( RSG ) a Phoenix - based waste management company , bringing his stake to nearly 8.3 million shares .
Buffett , the world 's second richest man , also bought 300,000 shares of medical device maker Becton Dickinson .
In the third quarter , he bought 1.2 million shares of BD ( BDX , Fortune 500 ) stock .
However , he trimmed his holdings of Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) and Procter & Gamble ( PNG ) .
Buffett increased his stake in Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) by 1.2 million shares to about 39 million , and bought nearly 700,000 shares of Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) .
As part of the company 's $ 26 billion takeover of Burlington Northern Santa Fe , Berkshire sold its holdings in rival railroad companies Norfolk Southern Corp . ( NSC , Fortune 500 ) and Union Pacific Corp. ( UNP , Fortune 500 )
All told , Buffett 's portfolio increased in value during the fourth quarter to more than $ 57.9 billion from $ 56.5 billion in the previous quarter .
Berkshire Hathaway joined the S&P 500 index last week after shareholders approved a 50 - for - 1 split of Class B common stock last month .
The newly issued Class B shares ( BRK.B ) rose more than 1 % to close at $ 76.05 on Tuesday .
Insurance giant Anthem Blue Cross refused to pay for a California produce merchant to get a liver transplant in Indiana because the company wanted to save money , a lawyer for the patient told jurors Monday .
But a lawyer for the state ’s largest for - profit insurer argued that the patient , Ephram Nehme , was not sick enough to qualify for an exception to his policy ’s requirement that transplants be performed in Blue Cross - contracted hospitals in California .
The high - profile trial is expected to shed light on how Anthem Blue Cross , which covers about 8 million Californians , decides what medical care to cover -- and what to deny .
“ People buy insurance hoping they are never going to need it , ” Scott Glovsky , the lawyer representing Nehme , said during opening arguments in Los Angeles County Superior Court .
“ And Blue Cross sells it hoping people will never need it .
Why ?
Because they make more money . ”
Advertisement
Blue Cross lawyer William von Behren said there was “ no dispute Mr. Nehme needed a liver transplant .
The question is whether Mr. Nehme needed to go somewhere other than UCLA for that liver transplant . ”
Von Behren said the evidence would show that four physicians working for Blue Cross -- two full - time in - house medical reviewers and two contractors -- concluded that “ there was nothing in ” Nehme ’s medical records “ to indicate that there was any reason for Mr. Nehme to go out of network for a transplant . ”
The case is unfolding just as the Obama administration is attempting to jump - start a healthcare overhaul .
That effort aims to expand the number of people with health coverage , make it affordable and ensure that those with pre-existing conditions are able to buy and keep insurance .
Nehme ’s case is “ Exhibit A ” of another problem : insurers refusing to pay for or denying care that treating physicians order , Jerry Flanagan , healthcare director for the Consumer Watchdog advocacy organization , said at a news conference outside the courthouse .
Advertisement
“ Denials of life - saving , medically necessary care is the M.O. of an industry that puts profits before patients and yet another example of why Americans need a public option to the private insurance market , ” Flanagan said .
Nehme , 62 , said he hoped that his lawsuit would make it easier for other patients to get the care they believe they need .
“ I ’m trying to stop [ insurers ’ ] unfair practices , ” Nehme said outside court .
“ I ’m trying to save lives .
There are a lot of people who need liver transplants , and they should be able to get them wherever they need them . ”
Nehme ’s liver began to fail in 2006 , and his Blue Cross network physician at UCLA recommended a transplant .
Blue Cross readily approved the procedure at UCLA Medical Center .
Advertisement
But as Nehme ’s condition deteriorated , he says his UCLA physician urged him to go to the Clarian Transplant Center , which is affiliated with Indiana University in Indianapolis , because wait times were much shorter there than in California .
Blue Cross refused to cover the procedure in Indiana , telling Nehme his policy required him to stay in - state and at a contracted hospital .
Fearing he would die waiting for an organ in California , Nehme went to Indiana and paid $ 205,000 out of pocket for the January 2007 surgery that saved his life .
Blue Cross said it has approved more than 98.5 % of all liver transplant requests since July 2004 and makes exceptions to its in - state requirement when its physician reviewers believe there is good reason .
Advertisement
On top of the denial , Nehme said he recently received notice that Blue Cross is raising his premium March 1 by 50 % -- from $ 1,000 to $ 1,500 a month .
“ And I ’m self - insured , ” Nehme said .
It is unusual that the dispute got to court .
Most people are barred from suing their health insurer over treatment coverage decisions .
Nehme was able to sue because he buys his coverage from Blue Cross with a so - called individual policy .
But more than 130 million people get their insurance through employers , and federal law prohibits such policyholders from taking their health insurer to court .
lisa.girion@latimes.com
Slide 1 of 11 ,
In a remote patch of the Pacific Ocean , hundreds of miles from any national boundary , the detritus of human life is collecting in a swirling current so large that it defies precise measurement .
Mario Aguilera
A new professional basketball league , planned for launch in twelve cities , will only include white males who are born in the U.S. Don “ Moose ” Lewis announced the All - American Basketball Alliance just a day before Martin Luther King Jr. Day .
“ Only players that are natural born United States citizens with both parents of Caucasian race are eligible to play in the league , ” a press release distributed Sunday said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lewis denies that he is a racist but he wants to get away from “ street ball ” played by “ people of color ” that dominate the NBA .
“ Would you want to go to the game and worry about a player flipping you off or attacking you in the stands or grabbing their crotch ? ” he said .
The Augusta Chronicle talked to Lewis Monday .
“ There ’s nothing hatred about what we ’re doing , ” he said .
“ I do n’t hate anyone of color .
But people of white , American - born citizens are in the minority now .
Here ’s a league for white players to play fundamental basketball , which they like . ”
Lewis said he wants to emphasize fundamental basketball instead of “ street - ball ” played by “ people of color . ”
He pointed out recent incidents in the NBA , including Gilbert Arenas ’ indefinite suspension after bringing guns into the Washington Wizards locker room , as examples of fans ’ dissatisfaction with the way current professional sports are run .
Not surprisingly , not everyone is happy about the idea of a “ whites only ” league .
Augusta Mayor Deke Copenhaver says the league is n’t welcome in his city .
“ As a sports enthusiast , I have always supported bringing more sporting activities to Augusta , ” Copenhaver said .
“ However , in this instance I could not support in good conscience bringing in a team that did not fit with the spirit of inclusiveness that I , along with many others , have worked so hard to foster in our city . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Think Progress has more details .
This video is from WJBF , broadcast Jan. 19 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
SO what do you guys think the motion sensing will be ?
I can imagine a gyro like in Wario ware twisted and thats it .
Its bad enough to shake the screen your looking at enough around so i think tilting will be the extent of it .
You should be getting the Foothills newsletter .
All the cool kids are .
The BBC has commissioned a wide - ranging investigation into how lesbian , gay and bisexual people are portrayed on TV , radio and online .
The research will ask a variety of people across the country what they think about subjects such as jokes , dramatic storylines and stereotyping .
The BBC's Tim Davie said it was " vital " for the corporation to reflect the " diverse communities " across the UK .
He added that the findings would " deepen our understanding " of viewers .
The three - part study will include audience research , an online survey and a consultation with lesbian , gay and bisexual community groups across the UK .
It is understood the BBC will also approach people who hold homophobic opinions .
" We 'll ask people their views on language , tone , stereotyping , on - screen talent , humour and scheduling to name just a few areas , " said Davie , who is chairman of the BBC 's working group on the portrayal of lesbian , gay and bisexual people .
" This is the most comprehensive piece of research ever carried out in this area by the BBC and we 're doing it because , as a public service broadcaster , we have a responsibility to serve all of our audiences .
" It 's vital that we reflect the differences among all of the UK 's diverse communities , nations and regions . "
Gay storylines
A report summarising the findings will be published in summer 2010 and the BBC plans to share its research across the broadcasting industry .
It will not alter editorial guidelines , but programme makers will be able to consult the research when making decisions about their work .
" If the research does n't challenge then it will have failed , " Davie said .
Homosexuality has been portrayed in several dramatic storylines across the BBC in recent years .
EastEnders character Syed Masood married a woman despite admitting he was gay and having a brief homosexual affair .
The Archers also featured a gay wedding in 2006 .
But other output has caused controversy .
Jonathan
Ross drew scores of complaints last year after suggesting that parents should put their sons up for adoption if they wanted a pink Hannah Montana MP3 player .
Broadcasting watchdog
Ofcom later found he had not breached its guidelines because the comments were clearly made in jest .
However , it did rule against Radio
One breakfast show host Chris Moyles , who used a high - pitched , effeminate voice to parody pop star Will Young , who is openly gay .
Ofcom said the sketch appeared to condone " negative stereotypes based on sexual orientation " .
The BBC's new research project follows similar research into the corporation 's portrayal of disabilities .
Spanish authorities say a major disaster has been averted following the discovery of a massive cache of explosives belonging to ETA in Portugal .
At least 1,500 kilos of bomb making material was found at this house in Obidos , a popular tourist destination , after a stolen car was chased from a traffic control point .
It is believed to be the biggest seizure of its kind in almost 10 years .
Police also found several detonators and other equipment ready to be used .
The find appears to confirm what Spanish authorities have long been saying : that ETA is using sites in Portgual to prepare attacks in Spain .
Spain ’s Interior Minister , Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba , delivered a warning to the militant Basque separatist group : “ They can hide in France , Portugal , but they are always going to be found by the police , either by the French , or the Portugese , or the Spanish … they will be caught time and again until this ( terrorism ) will be over . ”
Last year more than 30 alleged members of the militant Basque terror group were arrested in France , with police discovering 14 stockpiles of weapons , explosives and false identity papers .
When I opened my big , fat mouth a couple weeks ago in support of Sheriff Sandra Hutchens ’ more restrictive concealed weapons permit policy , I knew there ’d be hell to pay .
You know how it is .
You say or write anything remotely suggesting we do n’t all have a right to pack a sidearm on Main Street , and the gun nuts will eat you alive .
You write and , to quote Capt .
Sully Sullenberger , brace for impact .
So , I wrote and braced and . . . .
Advertisement
Talk about a smooth landing .
Make no mistake , they came out in force .
Dozens of e-mails came in , basically arguing that law - abiding citizens who pass mandatory training courses ought to be allowed to carry concealed weapons .
Gun nuts ?
Hardly .
At least not the overwhelming majority of e-mailers I heard from .
They zeroed in on the nub of the issue , which is to ask why well - intentioned citizens should n’t be allowed to carry a concealed weapon , just in case it might someday be needed .
Advertisement
In arguing that people should , the letter - writers were n’t vitriolic , insulting or patronizing .
I almost wish they had been .
It ’s easier arguing with people if you dismiss them as wackos .
I ’m always willing to match wits with people who call me names .
I sit at home at night thinking of comebacks .
But when the right - to - carry people argue their case on the merits , it disarms me .
As one e-mailer wrote : “ I have carried a firearm the majority of my adult life , legally and / or otherwise when the need to protect myself arose .
I neither require , nor desire , the need to obtain ‘ permission ’ from my employees ( otherwise known as ‘ public servants ’ ) .
As a retired member of the U. S. Armed Forces , a former law enforcement officer , and firearms instructor , you have no reason to fear one such as myself carrying firearms . ”
Advertisement
Then , to emphasize his point , he wrote in capital letters : “ WE ARE THE GOOD GUYS . ”
He had me at hello .
As I suggested in the last column , I get the argument .
I really do .
How can anyone dispute that if confronted on the street by a criminal intent on mayhem , it ’s much preferable to have a way to defend yourself ?
Advertisement
But I and other pointy - headed people just can’t extend that argument as far as the other side does .
Bottom line : I would n’t feel safer knowing that untold numbers of private citizens that I pass on the street -- yes , even salt - of - the - earth types who have been trained -- are packing guns .
I know criminals do n’t care about permits .
I know the 2nd Amendment gives gun-owning and gun-bearing rights .
But not even a leading conservative lion of the U.S. Supreme Court argues that the rights under the 2nd Amendment extend automatically to concealed weapons .
In defending the right to armed self - defense in one ’s home , Justice Antonin Scalia also wrote : “ Like most rights , the Second Amendment right is not unlimited .
It is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose :
For example , concealed weapons prohibitions have been upheld under the Amendment . ”
For another thing , California law leaves discretion on who gets permits with the county sheriffs , and Hutchens interprets the code to limit permits to people who can make a compelling case for needing protection .
Advertisement
She got blasted again this week for that position , because it ’s more restrictive than what had been in place .
Sheriff only since last summer and a former high - ranking member of the L.A. County Sheriff ’s Department , Hutchens has been told that she ’s out of step with the Orange County “ culture . ”
Given that only about 1,000 people have permits and the county has 3 million residents , I ’m not sure how pervasive that “ culture ” is .
Hutchens should stand her ground .
The Board of Supervisors ought to be supporting her , but is n’t .
I accept that most of the people who want the right to carry a gun do n’t have sinister intentions .
But if their numbers were to exponentially grow , my comfort level would exponentially drop .
I do n’t trust all cops , and I certainly would n’t trust the teeming masses with thwarting street crime .
Advertisement
You right - to - carry folks insist you ’re not the crazy ones .
I so stipulate .
But you need to realize that we ’re not the crazy ones , either .
--
Advertisement
dana.parsons@latimes.com
LIMBAUGH , HEALTH CARE , AND ‘ REPARATIONS ’….
Once in a while , the dog - whistle messages from the far - right are enough to make one ’s ears bleed .
Take Rush Limbaugh , for example , one of the most powerful and influential figures in modern Republican politics .
On his radio show yesterday , the right - wing host condemned health care reform as “ a civil rights bill ” and “ reparations . ”
Seriously .
Limbaugh has spent plenty of time talking about President Obama and “ reparations , ” and has also had plenty to say about health care reform , but as far as I can tell , yesterday was one of those rare instances in which the host combined the two .
I ’m going to go on a limb here and describe this as about the most racist thing a major American media personality has said in quite a while .
This is about Limbaugh trying — with no subtlety at all — to stir up racial fears and anxiety in the hopes of blocking improvements to a dysfunctional health care system , which has repeatedly screwed over a fair amount of Limbaugh ’s audience .
The racism is n’t even restrained .
Limbaugh has trashed progressive efforts to improve America ’s health care system for years , but notice he did n’t start talking about “ reparations ” and comparing reform to a “ civil rights bill ” until the President of the United States was African American .
The nauseating message is about as subtle as a sledgehammer .
Ezra added , “ It ’s one of the odder elements of American politics that Democrats have routinely denounced ACORN and MoveOn.org but Republicans feel no compunction to run from this hatemonger . ”
Quite right .
Dems keep fringe liberals at arm ’s length , but Republicans can’t wait to associate themselves with a racist , drug - addled radio personality , who seems to have more influence in GOP politics than anyone .
Indeed , when a Republican dares to disagree with Limbaugh in public , he / she invariably reverses course and begs Rush for forgiveness .
Now , I know how easy it is to say , “ Democrats should make hay of this . ”
The DNC ca n’t chase after ever bouncing ball , and turn every stupid thing said on a radio show into a national controversy .
But it would be encouraging to see something come of this .
Ideally , Republican leaders would be asked a simple question : “ Rush Limbaugh sees the health care debate in racial terms , and considers the president ’s plan ‘ reparations . ’
Do you agree ? ”
'' Even if something quite serious happened , perhaps where there was a near - miss with an airline , the MoD will say , 'we may have had a report on it , but we 've destroyed it ' . ''
BestofVegas.com
Some tourists are just going to want to know about a summary of the best things in Vegas .
This website can give you that type of information .
You may not have anything specific that you are looking for .
You may just want to know where you can find the best food for the best parties .
You may be interested in knowing about the best escort services or the best Broadway shows .
These are the things that people come to Las Vegas for so it makes sense to find out which ones are considered the best .
Eating LV.com
When you come to a place like Las Vegas where there are so many restaurants to consider it makes sense to consider
EatingLV.com as the website that you take a look at .
There are a number of restaurants , and you do n’t want to waste your time with the ones that are not going to be delectable to your taste buds .
You would much rather pick something that is going to make you glad that you came to Las Vegas .
Visitors are going to want to get the meals that are going to be something that you can tell their friends about .
With this website you get an inside view of what it is like to eat in Vegas , and you become more aware of the foods that are going to be entertaining to your palate .
LasVegas4Ever.com
Lots of people come to Las Vegas to gamble .
They want to know about the casinos .
They want to be aware of the shows that are going on at these casinos .
They are also interested in buffets .
Everything that you want to know about the casino vibe is going to be at your disposal .
You have access to a lot of different possibilities when you are checking out what is available through this
LasVegas4ever.com website .
You get a better perspective for people come to Las Vegas to gamble .
They want to know about the casinos .
Tourists want to be aware of the shows that are available .
You are aware of the shows that are coming to town you have a better chance of catching something that you want to see .
You can plan your trip at that time .
If you are not aware of the show ’s that are out there you may be surprised to find a Broadway show that make conflict with some other activity that you want to do .
Going to a website like this can give you a better glimpse of what days are going to be best for your trip .
LasVegas.com
If you want to get the official news and calendar of events this LasVegas.com website is going to be best for that .
This is an inside look at what is going on inside of the city in accordance to the calendar of events for the chamber of commerce .
You learn about various tourist spots , and you also get information on places to eat .
There will also be a ton of information on casinos in the various hotels that you can stay in .
This provides you with a lot of information where you can get input on how much you can do in Las Vegas for the time that you are vacationing there .
GoingtoVegas.com
So many people are interested in recommendations and getting acquainted with city before they actually come to Las Vegas .
That is why they choose this website .
It offers you a chance to get an ideal of the escort services and some of these hotels .
You become more familiar with the casinos and how you can make the best of your trip .
You might be interested in saving money and getting discount flights to Las Vegas .
When you check out GoingtoVegas.com you get the chance to see how the Las Vegas trip can fit into your schedule .
You get a better feel for what is happening in Vegas daily .
For months , travel message boards have been abuzz with rumors of Amtrak 's very quiet trial rollout of free WiFi on select Acela Express trains .
Now , Amtrak has officially announced that they will finally begin to provide wireless internet access on trains and that fleet upgrades are planned for the future .
In conference calls and a five year financial plan ( PDF ) , the government - owned corporation said that after a review of the early trials , WiFi will be fully launched on Acela Express high speed trains by March .
The service will initially be free , though Amtrak says " pricing may change depending on customer response , system performance and costs . "
WiFi may be extended to other routes in the future .
In addition to free wireless internet , Amtrak CEO Joseph Boardman has said the company plans to upgrade cars and locomotives .
" It 's time to replace our aging fleet , " Boardman said in a conference call .
The upgrades can't come any sooner , as Amtrak faces fierce competition from low cost bus services who increasingly offer free WiFi .
Surely , train passengers could n't help but wonder how JetBlue managed to offer free internet access at 30,000 feet back in 2007 , while lowly Amtrak could n't even get a land - based system off the ground .
Amtrak estimates that internet access will drive ridership and increase revenue by $ 4.3 million over the next five years .
The company plans to spend an additional $ 26.2 million to add WiFi to other markets , most likely starting with the popular Northeast Regional service .
Dates for fleet upgrades have n't been planned yet but , as you can imagine , depend on financing .
" You 've got to have money to buy equipment , " Boardman said .
" We 're looking at all options .
It 's not just the federal government , it is every source of funding which we might have available for the future . "
Photo : Flickr / francois
WASHINGTON - The Pentagon seeks to lift a decades - old policy that prohibits women from serving aboard Navy submarines , part of a gradual reconsideration of women ’s roles in a military fighting two wars whose front lines can be anywhere .
At issue is the end of a policy that kept women from serving aboard the last type of ship off - limits to them .
The thinking behind the previous policy was that the close quarters aboard subs would make coed service difficult to manage .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates notified Congress in a letter signed Friday that the Navy intends to repeal the ban on female sailors on submarines .
Congress has 30 days to weigh in .
“ He supports the Navy ’s efforts to change their policy , ’’ Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said yesterday .
A defense official told the Associated Press that numerous physical changes to submarines would have to be made but that cadets who graduate from the Naval Academy this year could be among the first Navy women to take submarine posts .
The change was first reported by ABC News .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because Congress has not yet had a chance to consider the recommendations .
The Navy ’s plan would phase in women ’s service , beginning with officers aboard larger subs , which are easier to retrofit for coed quarters .
Women would never serve solo .
Because of the length of time required for training , it would be more than a year before the first women joined subs , assuming Congress raises no major objections that slow the schedule .
Last fall , Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , called for lifting the ban .
Defense officials have said one reason to use women on submarines is that the number of female engineers is growing .
About 3,600 officers and 16,000 enlisted men make up the submarine force , compared with 8,000 officers and 63,000 enlisted on the surface fleet .
Women began serving aboard the Navy ’s surface ships in 1993 .
Since then , many of the distinctions between who is in combat and who is not have been erased .
Women are formally banned from combat posts in the Army , but routinely serve in jobs such as medics , pilots , and drivers that place them with men serving in combat jobs .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Promiscuous females may be the key to a species ' survival , according to new research by the Universities of Exeter and Liverpool .
Published February 25 in Current Biology , the study could solve the mystery of why females of most species have multiple mates , despite this being more risky for the individual .
Known as ' polyandry ' among scientists , the phenomenon of females having multiple mates is shared across most animal species , from insects to mammals .
This study suggests that polyandry reduces the risk of populations becoming extinct because of all - female broods being born .
This can sometimes occur as a result of a sex-ratio distortion ( SR ) chromosome , which results in all of the Y chromosome ' male ' sperm being killed before fertilisation .
The all - female offspring will carry the SR chromosome , which will be passed on to their sons in turn resulting in more all - female broods .
Eventually there will be no males and the population will die out .
For this study , the scientists worked with the fruitfly Drosophila pseudoobscura .
They gave some populations the opportunity to mate naturally , meaning that the females had multiple partners .
The others were restricted to having one mate each .
They bred several generations of these populations , so they could see how each fared over time .
Over fifteen generations , five of the twelve populations that had been monogamous became extinct as a result of males dying out .
The SR chromosome was far less prevalent in the populations in which females had the opportunity to have multiple mates and none of these populations became extinct .
The study shows how having multiple mates can suppress the spread of the SR chromosome , making all - female broods a rarity .
This is because males that carry the SR chromosome produce only half as many sperm as normal males .
When a female mates with multiple males , their sperm will compete to fertilise her eggs .
The few sperm produced by males carrying the SR chromosome are out - competed by the sperm from normal males , and the SR chromosome cannot spread .
Lead author Professor Nina Wedell of the University of Exeter said : " We were surprised by how quickly -- within nine generations -- a population could die out as a result of females only mating with one partner .
Polyandry is such a widespread phenomenon in nature but it remains something of an enigma for scientists .
This study is the first to suggest that it could actually save a population from extinction . "
This study was funded by the Natural Environment Research Council .
The messages framework ¶
Quite commonly in web applications , you need to display a one - time notification message ( also known as “ flash message ” ) to the user after processing a form or some other types of user input .
For this , Django provides full support for cookie- and session - based messaging , for both anonymous and authenticated users .
The messages framework allows you to temporarily store messages in one request and retrieve them for display in a subsequent request ( usually the next one ) .
Every message is tagged with a specific level that determines its priority ( e.g. , info , warning , or error ) .
Enabling messages ¶
Messages are implemented through a middleware class and corresponding context processor .
The default settings .py created by django - admin startproject already contains all the settings required to enable message functionality : ' django.contrib.messages ' is in INSTALLED_APPS .
MIDDLEWARE contains ' django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware ' and ' django.contrib.messages.middleware.MessageMiddleware ' .
The default storage backend relies on sessions .
That ’s why SessionMiddleware must be enabled and appear before MessageMiddleware in MIDDLEWARE .
The ' context_processors ' option of the DjangoTemplates backend defined in your TEMPLATES setting contains ' django.contrib.messages.context_processors.messages ' .
If you do n’t want to use messages , you can remove ' django.contrib.messages ' from your INSTALLED_APPS , the MessageMiddleware line from MIDDLEWARE , and the messages context processor from TEMPLATES .
Configuring the message engine ¶ Storage backends ¶
The messages framework can use different backends to store temporary messages .
Django provides three built - in storage classes in django.contrib.messages : class storage.session .
SessionStorage ¶
This class stores all messages inside of the request ’s session .
Therefore it requires Django ’s contrib.sessions application .
class storage .cookie.
CookieStorage ¶
This class stores the message data in a cookie ( signed with a secret hash to prevent manipulation ) to persist notifications across requests .
Old messages are dropped if the cookie data size would exceed 2048 bytes .
class storage.fallback .
FallbackStorage ¶
This class first uses CookieStorage , and falls back to using SessionStorage for the messages that could not fit in a single cookie .
It also requires Django ’s contrib.sessions application .
This behavior avoids writing to the session whenever possible .
It should provide the best performance in the general case .
FallbackStorage is the default storage class .
If it is n’t suitable to your needs , you can select another storage class by setting MESSAGE_STORAGE to its full import path , for example : MESSAGE_STORAGE = ' django.contrib.messages.storage.cookie.CookieStorage ' class storage .
base .
BaseStorage ¶
To write your own storage class , subclass the BaseStorage class in django.contrib.messages.storage.base and implement the _get and _store methods .
Message levels ¶
The messages framework is based on a configurable level architecture similar to that of the Python logging module .
Message levels allow you to group messages by type so they can be filtered or displayed differently in views and templates .
The built - in levels , which can be imported from django.contrib.messages directly , are : Constant Purpose DEBUG
Development - related messages that will be ignored ( or removed ) in a production deployment INFO Informational messages for the user SUCCESS An action was successful , e.g .
“ Your profile was updated successfully ” WARNING
A failure did not occur but may be imminent ERROR An action was not successful or some other failure occurred The MESSAGE_LEVEL setting can be used to change the minimum recorded level ( or it can be changed per request ) .
Attempts to add messages of a level less than this will be ignored .
Using messages in views and templates ¶ add_message ( request , level , message , extra_tags= '' , fail_silently =False ) ¶
Adding a message ¶
To add a message , call : from django .
contrib import messages messages .
add_message ( request , messages .
INFO , ' Hello world . ' )
Some shortcut methods provide a standard way to add messages with commonly used tags ( which are usually represented as HTML classes for the message ) : messages .
debug ( request , ' %s SQL statements were executed . ' % count ) messages .
info ( request , ' Three credits remain in your account . ' ) messages .
success ( request , ' Profile details updated . ' ) messages .
warning ( request , ' Your account expires in three days . ' ) messages .
error ( request , ' Document deleted . ' )
Displaying messages ¶ get_messages ( request ) ¶
In your template , use something like : { % if messages % } < ul class = " messages " > { % for message in messages % } < li { % if message .
tags % } class = " {{ message.tags }} " { % endif % } > {{ message }} </ li > { % endfor % } </ ul > { % endif % }
If you ’re using the context processor , your template should be rendered with a RequestContext .
Otherwise , ensure messages is available to the template context .
Even if you know there is only one message , you should still iterate over the messages sequence , because otherwise the message storage will not be cleared for the next request .
The context processor also provides a DEFAULT_MESSAGE_LEVELS variable which is a mapping of the message level names to their numeric value : { % if messages % } < ul class = " messages " > { % for message in messages % } < li { % if message .
tags % } class = " {{ message.tags }} " { % endif % } > { % if message .
level == DEFAULT_MESSAGE_LEVELS
.
ERROR % } Important : { % endif % } {{ message }} </ li > { % endfor % } </ ul > { % endif % } Outside of templates , you can use get_messages ( ) : from django.contrib.messages import get_messages storage = get_messages ( request ) for message in storage : do_something_with_the_message ( message )
For instance , you can fetch all the messages to return them in a JSONResponseMixin instead of a TemplateResponseMixin . get_messages ( ) will return an instance of the configured storage backend .
The Message class¶ class storage .
base .
Message ¶
When you loop over the list of messages in a template , what you get are instances of the Message class .
They have only a few attributes : message :
The actual text of the message .
: The actual text of the message .
level :
An integer describing the type of the message ( see the message levels section above ) .
: An integer describing the type of the message ( see the message levels section above ) .
tags :
A string combining all the message ’s tags ( extra_tags and level_tag ) separated by spaces .
: A string combining all the message ’s tags ( and ) separated by spaces .
extra_tags :
A string containing custom tags for this message , separated by spaces .
It ’s empty by default .
: A string containing custom tags for this message , separated by spaces .
It ’s empty by default .
level_tag :
The string representation of the level .
By default , it ’s the lowercase version of the name of the associated constant , but this can be changed if you need by using the MESSAGE_TAGS setting .
Creating custom message levels ¶
Messages levels are nothing more than integers , so you can define your own level constants and use them to create more customized user feedback , e.g. : CRITICAL = 50 def my_view ( request ) : messages .
add_message ( request , CRITICAL , ' A serious error occurred . ' )
When creating custom message levels you should be careful to avoid overloading existing levels .
The values for the built - in levels are : Level Constant Value DEBUG 10 INFO 20 SUCCESS 25 WARNING 30 ERROR 40
If you need to identify the custom levels in your HTML or CSS , you need to provide a mapping via the MESSAGE_TAGS setting .
Note
If you are creating a reusable application , it is recommended to use only the built - in message levels and not rely on any custom levels .
Changing the minimum recorded level per-request ¶
The minimum recorded level can be set per request via the set_level method : from django .
contrib import messages #
Change the messages level to ensure the debug message is added .
messages .
set_level ( request , messages .
DEBUG ) messages .
debug ( request , ' Test message ...' ) #
In another request , record only messages with a level of WARNING and higher messages .
set_level ( request , messages .
WARNING ) messages .
success ( request , ' Your profile was updated . ' ) # ignored messages .
warning ( request , ' Your account is about to expire . ' ) # recorded #
Set the messages level back to default .
messages .
set_level ( request , None )
Similarly , the current effective level can be retrieved with get_level : from django.
contrib import messages current_level = messages .
get_level ( request )
For more information on how the minimum recorded level functions , see Message levels above .
Failing silently when the message framework is disabled ¶
If you ’re writing a reusable app ( or other piece of code ) and want to include messaging functionality , but do n’t want to require your users to enable it if they do n’t want to , you may pass an additional keyword argument fail_silently =True to any of the add_message family of methods .
For example : messages .
add_message ( request , messages .
SUCCESS , ' Profile details updated . ' , fail_silently = True , ) messages .
info ( request , ' Hello world . ' , fail_silently = True )
Note Setting fail_silently =True only hides the MessageFailure that would otherwise occur when the messages framework disabled and one attempts to use one of the add_message family of methods .
It does not hide failures that may occur for other reasons .
Adding messages in class - based views ¶ class views .
SuccessMessageMixin ¶
Adds a success message attribute to FormView based classes get_success_message ( cleaned_data ) ¶ cleaned_data is the cleaned data from the form which is used for string formatting Example views.py : from django.contrib.messages.views import SuccessMessageMixin from django.views.generic.edit import CreateView from myapp.models import Author class AuthorCreate ( SuccessMessageMixin , CreateView ) : model = Author success_url = ' / success / ' success_message = " % ( name )s was created successfully "
The cleaned data from the form is available for string interpolation using the %( field_name ) s syntax .
For ModelForms , if you need access to fields from the saved object override the get_success_message ( ) method .
Example views.py for ModelForms : from django.contrib.messages.views import SuccessMessageMixin from django.views.generic.edit import CreateView from myapp.models import Complicated Model class ComplicatedCreate ( SuccessMessageMixin , CreateView ) : model = Complicated Model success_url = ' / success / ' success_message = " %( calculated_field )s was created successfully " def get_success_message ( self , cleaned_data ) : return self .
success_message % dict ( cleaned_data , calculated_field = self .
object .
calculated_field , )
Expiration of messages ¶
The messages are marked to be cleared when the storage instance is iterated ( and cleared when the response is processed ) .
To avoid the messages being cleared , you can set the messages storage to False after iterating : storage = messages .
get_messages ( request ) for message in storage : do_something_with ( message ) storage .
used = False
Behavior of parallel requests ¶
Due to the way cookies ( and hence sessions ) work , the behavior of any backends that make use of cookies or sessions is undefined when the same client makes multiple requests that set or get messages in parallel .
For example , if a client initiates a request that creates a message in one window ( or tab ) and then another that fetches any uniterated messages in another window , before the first window redirects , the message may appear in the second window instead of the first window where it may be expected .
In short , when multiple simultaneous requests from the same client are involved , messages are not guaranteed to be delivered to the same window that created them nor , in some cases , at all .
Note that this is typically not a problem in most applications and will become a non-issue in HTML5 , where each window / tab will have its own browsing context .
A Qassam rocket exploded in an open area in the western Negev , near Sderot on Sunday .
There were no reports of injures or damage .
The rocket fell after a Color Red alert was sounded in the surrounding areas .
The last rocket attack from the Gaza Strip came Wednesday , when a Qassam rocket exploded near the border fence in an agricultural field belonging to one of the kibbutzim of Shaar Hanegev Regional Council .
A day earlier , another rocket was fired , and this time landed in an open area in the Eshkol Regional Council .
Following the attack , IAF jets struck a number of targets in the southern Gaza Strip .
The Palestinians reported that Israeli aircraft fired three missiles at the tunnel area near the Gaza - Egypt border and three additional missiles at the old airport in Dahaniyeh .
The IDF said the targets hit were a " terror tunnel " and an arms smuggling tunnel .
Three Palestinians were injured .
SailGP announces addition of New Zealand team , led by Olympic and America ’s Cup champions Peter Burling and Blair Tuke
OAKLAND , Calif . –
With its latest move to raise premiums on individual policyholders in California , Anthem Blue Cross is becoming a poster child for health care reform .
Last month Anthem – headquartered in Woodland Hills , Calif . and owned by the Indianapolis - based WellPoint Inc. – started telling many of its 800,000 individual , non-group policyholders their premiums will rise by up to 39 percent starting March 1 .
The rate hikes follow even higher increases last year .
Anthem , with the largest number of individual policyholders in California , is also saying it may “ adjust ” rates more often than once a year .
Reaction was swift and sharp from customers and from elected officials at every level .
Anthem customer and independent health insurance agent Jeff Sher of San Francisco told the San Francisco Chronicle his 38 percent increase , to $ 530 per month , followed a 41 percent hike last year .
Sher blamed the increase on “ the illusion there is a free market in this product .
But you ca n’t shop for health care , particularly after you ’re already sick .
You ca n’t shop for health care because there is almost no competition . ”
Los Angeles graphic designer Keith Knueven told the Los Angeles Times , “ It ’s hard for me to understand how anyone can raise rates now when so many people do n’t have jobs . ”
Knueven ’s premiums have jumped from $ 287 to $ 393 per month .
“ If we do n’t act , this is just a preview of coming attractions , ” President Obama said of Anthem ’s action , adding , “ Premiums will continue to rise for folks with insurance ; millions more will lose their coverage altogether ; our deficits will continue to grow larger . ”
Also in Washington , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius called on Anthem to provide “ a detailed justification ” for the increases , since WellPoint ’s profits have soared to $ 2.7 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009 , and to make public the percentage of individual premiums used for medical care , compared to administrative costs .
California ’s two senators , both Democrats , also joined the fray .
Calling the increases “ unconscionable , ” Dianne Feinstein said in a statement , “ I can think of no better example of why we need health insurance reform ” with “ a rate authority to keep insurance rates affordable . ”
Barbara Boxer urged State Attorney General Jerry Brown to investigate the rate hikes .
Meanwhile , U.S. Rep. Henry Waxman , D - Los Angeles , who chairs the House Energy and Commerce Committee , has set a Feb. 24 special hearing on Anthem ’s action .
He is pressing WellPoint CEO Angela Braly to provide details on the increase , as well as evidence of claims history and profits on individual policies between 2005 and 2008 .
California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner , a Republican , is urging WellPoint to postpone the increases until May 1 so an independent investigation can be conducted to see if Anthem is paying out at least 70 percent of premiums in health benefits , as state law requires .
In a letter to Braly , he said his office has gotten many complaints from individuals who said the hikes “ would cripple them financially .
Assemblyman Dave Jones , D - Sacramento , said his Health Committee will hold hearings Feb. 23 .
He plans to join state Senator Mark Leno , D - San Francisco , to introduce legislation on disclosure and rate regulation for the health insurance industry .
In a blog posted Feb. 10 on the web site of the 200 - plus organization Health Access California , Executive Director Anthony Wright pointed out that Anthem “ has been a longstanding opponent of health reform ” and called its latest rate hike “ the strongest message to date about why we urgently need health reform . ”
With reform , he said , consumers would gain the power of group purchasing and insurers would have to do much more to justify rate increases .
See www.health-access.org.
Health Access California hosts a web site , www.sickofbluecross.com, featuring extensive background on Anthem Blue Cross , including many stories of people ’s experiences with the company as well as a history of its opposition to reform and its record profits .
The site features a petition calling on the firm to stop opposing reform and regulation , and start putting people ahead of profits .
Photo : A sign at a demonstration at Anthem Blue Cross , Oct. 6 , 2009 , in downtown San Francisco .
( PW / Marilyn Bechtel )
As conservatives grapple with how to deal with being called “ teabaggers , ” a National Review senior editor mulls whether to embrace the term like blacks using the “ N - word ” amongst themselves : “ [ T ] his brings up the question of whether ‘ teabagger ’ could be kind of a conservative N - word : to be used in the family , but radioactive outside the family . ”
On this day in 1978 , Ward Christensen and Randy Suess launched the first - ever dial - up BBS , in Chicago .
They got the idea while trapped inside during a blizzard , and published it in Byte magazine .
It was several decades before the hardware or the network caught up to Christensen and Suess ' imaginations , but all the basic seeds of today 's online communities were in place when the two launched the first bulletin board , dubbed CBBS for computerized bulletin board system .
The two developers announced their creation to the world in the November 1978 issue of Byte magazine .
The article created a stir among hobbyists and hackers , and it was n't long before others begin building clones of CBBS .
By the mid-1980s , BBSs supported an active community with no less than three magazines devoted to covering the latest in the proto - online world .
He is also the Editor in Chief of The Philadelphia Trumpet and the Trumpet.com .
As editor in chief , Gerald Flurry oversees the direction of the magazine and contributes articles to it .
Like his television program , The Key of David , his articles cover a wide variety of topics , all analyzed through the lens of Bible prophecy .
You can find his broadcasts and articles at the Trumpet.com or by subscribing to The Philadelphia Trumpet magazine , which has over 1 million readers .
Very few notions generate as much intellectual resistance , hostility , and derision within academic circles as a belief in the historical importance or efficacy of political conspiracies .
Even when this belief is expressed in a very cautious manner , limited to specific and restricted contexts , supported by reliable evidence , and hedged about with all sort of qualifications , it still manages to transcend the boundaries of acceptable discourse and violate unspoken academic taboos .
The idea that particular groups of people meet together secretly or in private to plan various courses of action , and that some of these plans actually exert a significant influence on particular historical developments , is typically rejected out of hand and assumed to be the figment of a paranoid imagination .
The mere mention of the word ' conspiracy ' seems to set off an internal alarm bell which causes scholars to close their minds in order to avoid cognitive dissonance and possible unpleasantness , since the popular image of conspiracy both fundamentally challenges the conception most educated , sophisticated people have about how the world operates and reminds them of the horrible persecutions that absurd and unfounded conspiracy theories have precipitated or sustained in the past .
So strong is this prejudice among academics that even when clear evidence of a plot is inadvertently discovered in the course of their own research , they frequently feel compelled , either out of a sense of embarrassment or a desire to defuse anticipated criticism , to preface their account of it by ostentatiously disclaiming a belief in conspiracies . ( 1 )
They then often attempt to downplay the significance of the plotting they have uncovered .
To do otherwise , that is , to make a serious effort to incorporate the documented activities of conspiratorial groups into their general political or historical analyses , would force them to stretch their mental horizons beyond customary bounds and , not infrequently , delve even further into certain sordid and politically sensitive topics .
Most academic researchers clearly prefer to ignore the implications of conspiratorial politics altogether rather than deal directly with such controversial matters .
A number of complex cultural and historical factors contribute to this reflexive and unwarranted reaction , but it is perhaps most often the direct result of a simple failure to distinguish between ' conspiracy theories ' in the strict sense of the term , which are essentially elaborate fables even though they may well be based upon a kernel of truth , and the activities of actual clandestine and covert political groups , which are a common feature of modern politics .
For this and other reasons , serious research into genuine conspiratorial networks has at worst been suppressed , as a rule been discouraged , and at best been looked upon with condescension by the academic community .
( 2 ) An entire dimension of political history and contemporary politics has thus been consistently neglected . ( 3 )
For decades scholars interested in politics have directed their attention toward explicating and evaluating the merits of various political theories , or toward analyzing the more conventional , formal , and overt aspects of practical politics .
Even a cursory examination of standard social science bibliographies reveals that tens of thousands of books and articles have been written about staple subjects such as the structure and functioning of government bureaucracies , voting patterns and electoral results , parliamentary procedures and activities , party organizations and factions , the impact of constitutional provisions or laws , and the like .
In marked contrast , only a handful of scholarly publications have been devoted to the general theme of political conspiracies -- as opposed to popular anti-conspiracy treatises , which are very numerous , and specific case studies of events in which conspiratorial groups have played some role -- and virtually all of these concern themselves with the deleterious social impact of the ' paranoid style ' of thought manifested in classic conspiracy theories rather than the characteristic features of real conspiratorial politics . ( 4 )
Only the academic literature dealing with specialized topics like espionage , covert action , political corruption , terrorism , and revolutionary warfare touches upon clandestine and covert political activities on a more or less regular basis , probably because such activities cannot be avoided when dealing with these topics .
But the analyses and information contained therein are rarely incorporated into standard works of history and social science , and much of that specialized literature is itself unsatisfactory .
Hence there is an obvious need to place the study of conspiratorial politics on a sound theoretical , methodological , and empirical footing , since ignoring the influence of such politics can lead to severe errors of historical interpretation .
This situation can only be remedied when a clear - cut analytical distinction has been made between classic conspiracy theories and the more limited conspiratorial activities that are a regular feature of politics .
' Conspiracy theories ' share a number of distinguishing characteristics , but in all of them the essential element is a belief in the existence of a ' vast , insidious , preternaturally effective international conspiratorial network designed to perpetrate acts of the most fiendish character ' , acts which aim to ' undermine and destroy a way of life . ' ( 5 )
Although this apocalyptic conception is generally regarded nowadays as the fantastic product of a paranoid mindset , in the past it was often accepted as an accurate description of reality by large numbers of people from all social strata , including intellectuals and heads of state .
( 6 ) The fact that a belief in sinister , all - powerful conspiratorial forces has not been restricted to small groups of clinical paranoids and mental defectives suggests that it fulfills certain important social functions and psychological needs .
( 7 )
First of all , like many other intellectual constructs , conspiracy theories help to make complex patterns of cause - and - effect in human affairs more comprehensible by means of reductionism and oversimplification .
Secondly , they purport to identify the underlying source of misery and injustice in the world , thereby accounting for current crises and upheavals and explaining why bad things are happening to good people or vice versa .
Thirdly , by personifying that source they paradoxically help people to reaffirm their own potential ability to control the course of future historical developments .
After all , if evil conspirators are consciously causing undesirable changes , the implication is that others , perhaps through the adoption of similar techniques , may also consciously intervene to protect a threatened way of life or otherwise alter the historical process .
In short , a belief in conspiracy theories helps people to make sense out of a confusing , inhospitable reality , rationalize their present difficulties , and partially assuage their feelings of powerlessness .
In this sense , it is no different than any number of religious , social , or political beliefs , and is deserving of the same serious study .
The image of conspiracies promoted by conspiracy theorists needs to be further illuminated before it can be contrasted with genuine conspiratorial politics .
In the first place , conspiracy theorists consider the alleged conspirators to be Evil incarnate .
They are not simply people with differing values or run -of - the - mill political opponents , but inhuman , superhuman , and / or anti-human beings who regularly commit abominable acts and are implacably attempting to subvert and destroy everything that is decent and worth preserving in the existing world .
Thus , according to John Robison , the Bavarian Illuminati were formed ' for the express purpose of ROOTING OUT ALL THE RELIGIOUS ESTABLISHMENTS , AND OVERTURNING ALL THE EXISTING GOVERNMENTS IN EUROPE . ' ( 8 )
This grandiose claim is fairly representative , in the sense that most conspiracy theorists view the world in similarly Manichean and apocalyptic terms .
Secondly , conspiracy theorists perceive the conspiratorial group as both monolithic and unerring in the pursuit of its goals .
This group is directed from a single conspiratorial centre , acting as a sort of general staff , which plans and coordinates all of its activities down to the last detail .
Note , for example , Prince Clemens von Metternich 's claim that a ' directing committee ' of the radicals from all over Europe had been established in Paris to pursue their insidious plotting against established governments . ( 9 )
Given that presumption , it is no accident that many conspiracy theorists refer to ' the Conspiracy ' rather than ( lower case ) conspiracies or conspiratorial factions , since they perceive no internal divisions among the conspirators .
Rather , as a group the conspirators are believed to possess an extraordinary degree of internal solidarity , which produces a corresponding degree of counter solidarity vis-a - vis society at large , and indeed it is this very cohesion and singleness of purpose which enables them to effectively execute their plans to destroy existing institutions , seize power , and eliminate all opposition .
Thirdly , conspiracy theorists believe that the conspiratorial group is omnipresent , at least within its own sphere of operations .
While some conspiracy theories postulate a relatively localized group of conspirators , most depict this group as both international in its spatial dimensions and continuous in its temporal dimensions .
' [ T ]he conspirators planned and carried out evil in the past , they are successfully active in the present , and they will triumph in the future if they are not disturbed in their plans by those with information about their sinister designs . '( 10 )
The conspiratorial group is therefore capable of operating virtually everywhere .
As a consequence of this ubiquitousness , anything that occurs which has a broadly negative impact or seems in anyway related to the purported aims of the conspirators can thus be plausibly attributed to them .
Fourthly , the conspiratorial group is viewed by conspiracy theorists as virtually omnipotent .
In the past this group has successfully overthrown empires and nations , corrupted whole societies , and destroyed entire civilizations and cultures , and it is said to be in the process of accomplishing the same thing at this very moment .
Its members are secretly working in every nook and cranny of society , and are making use of every subversive technique known to mankind to achieve their nefarious purposes .
Nothing appears to be able to stand in their way -- unless the warnings of the conspiracy theorists are heeded and acted upon at once .
Even then there is no guarantee of ultimate victory against such powerful forces , but a failure to recognize the danger and take immediate countervailing action assures the success of those forces in the near future .
Finally , for conspiracy theorists conspiracies are not simply a regular feature of politics whose importance varies in different historical contexts , but rather the motive force of all historical change and development .
The conspiratorial group can and does continually alter the course of history , invariably in negative and destructive ways , through conscious planning and direct intervention .
Its members are not buffeted about by structural forces beyond their control and understanding , like everyone else , but are themselves capable of controlling events more or less at will .
This supposed ability is usually attributed to some combination of demonic influence or sponsorship , the possession of arcane knowledge , the mastery of devilish techniques , and / or the creation of a preternaturally effective clandestine organization .
As a result , unpleasant occurrences which are perceived by others to be the products of coincidence or chance are viewed by conspiracy theorists as further evidence of the secret workings of the conspiratorial group .
For them , nothing that happens occurs by accident .
Everything is the result of secret plotting in accordance with some sinister design .
This central characteristic of conspiracy theories has been aptly summed up by Donna Kossy in a popular book on fringe ideas :
Conspiracy theories are like black holes -- they suck in everything that comes their way , regardless of content or origin ... Everything you 've ever known or experienced , no matter how ' meaningless ' , once it contacts the conspiratorial universe , is enveloped by and cloaked in sinister significance .
Once inside , the vortex gains in size and strength , sucking in everything you touch . ( 11 )
As an example of this sort of mechanism , one has only to mention the so - called ' umbrella man ' , a man who opened up an umbrella on a sunny day in Dealey Plaza just as President John F. Kennedy 's motorcade was passing .
A number of ' conspiracy theorists ' have assumed that this man was signalling to the assassins , thus tying a seemingly trivial and inconsequential act into the alleged plot to kill Kennedy .
It is precisely this totalistic , all - encompassing quality that distinguishes ' conspiracy theories ' from the secret but often mundane political planning that is carried out on a daily basis by all sorts of groups , both within and outside of government .
It should , however , be pointed out that even if the ' umbrella man ' was wholly innocent of any involvement in a plot , as he almost certainly was , this does not mean that the Warren Commission 's reconstruction of the assassination is accurate .
However that may be , real covert politics , although by definition hidden or disguised and often deleterious in their impact , simply do not correspond to the bleak , simplistic image propounded by conspiracy theorists .
Far from embodying metaphysical evil , they are perfectly and recognizably human ,
with all the positive and negative characteristics and potentialities which that implies .
At the most basic level , all the efforts of individuals to privately plan and secretly initiate actions for their own perceived mutual benefit -- insofar as these are intentionally withheld from outsiders and require the maintenance of secrecy for their success -- are conspiracies .
Moreover , in contrast to the claims of conspiracy theorists , covert politics are anything but monolithic .
At any given point in time , there are dozens if not thousands of competitive political and economic groups engaging in secret planning and activities , and most are doing so in an effort to gain some advantage over their rivals among the others .
Such behind - the - scene operations are present on every level , from the mundane efforts of small - scale retailers to gain competitive advantage by being the first to develop new product lines to the crucially important attempts by rival secret services to penetrate and manipulate each other .
Sometimes the patterns of these covert rivalries and struggles are relatively stable over time , whereas at other times they appear fluid and kaleidoscopic , as different groups secretly shift alliances and change tactics in accordance with their perceived interests .
Even internally , within particular groups operating clandestinely , there are typically bitter disagreements between various factions over the specific courses of action to be adopted .
Unanimity of opinioon historical judgements .
There is probably no way to prevent this sort of unconscious reaction in the current intellectual climate , but the least that can be expected of serious scholars is that they carefully examine the available evidence before dismissing these matters out of hand .
Recent news from The Washington Post sheds light on a story that reveals yet another shocking example of how we , as a collective , continually sacrifice human health for profit gain .
The Post states that 17,000 potentially toxic chemicals have been kept under wraps due to an obscure law that protects chemical companies [ 1 ] .
The Loophole in the Toxic Substances Control Act
Currently , there are over 80,000 different chemicals being used commercially in the United States alone .
The Toxic Substances Control Act , passed in 1974 , requires that U.S. companies state all chemicals that are used in the manufacturing process of their product .
And yet , even with this supposed law for clarity , many consumers are unaware of the amount of chemicals in common household products .
Why is this ?
A " watered down " portion of the bill allows companies to hide up to twenty percent of all chemicals from the public eye .
And this is not only from consumers .
The law allows the chemicals to be hidden from state regulation committees , medical professionals , and even emergency response personnel .
It may sound like a conspiracy theory , but both the government and chemical companies are well aware of the fact that if the " secret 20 percent " of hidden chemicals were revealed to the public , consumers would be too afraid to purchase these toxic products .
In essence , potentially toxic and lethal chemicals are hidden for business profits .
The law states that companies can keep any chemical secret if they feel that it will protect their profitability , or as the Washington Post reports , chemicals that " could harm their bottom line . "
And it stands to reason that no company would intentionally hide a chemical from the public if it were completely harmless .
It does n't take a massive leap of logic to assume that the chemicals the companies are hiding could be the most deadly and toxic of all .
Even worse , over 50 % of risk reports directed to the Environmental Protection Agency involve issues with these " hidden chemicals , " according to the Post .
Because of this loophole in the law , more and more companies are hiding more and more chemicals .
Estimates from the EPA show that 95 % of all new chemicals introduced are kept secret .
Sadly , the agency itself has done little to determine which chemicals are seriously harmful and has admitted to testing 200 of the 80,000 chemicals used in common household products .
Of these 200 , the EPA has only managed to restrict or ban five of the chemicals .
Ten of these secret chemicals are commonly injected into children 's play - toys .
And , as the law allows for companies to indiscriminately use chemicals that may or may not be toxic , some sources note that the chemical makers themselves are prone to abusing the law 's loophole .
Lisa Jackson & The Upside of Transparency
In a world where companies can intentionally hide the fact that they are putting poisonous chemicals in children 's toys , it is up to us as consumers to demand transparency .
It seems that there is an upside to this sobering tale of the sacrifice of human lives and safety for corporate profit gain .
The EPA is working to have this law reformed in Congress this year .
EPA head Lisa Jackson has launched an aggressive commitment to increasing awareness and transparency in relation to chemicals in consumer products .
The organization has also announced a coming list of " Chemicals of Concern " ( PDF ) [ 2 ] , which will allow consumers to be aware of any chemicals that may , as the EPA states , " present an unreasonable risk of injury to health and the environment . "
The EPA head has acknowledged the pressing need for comprehensive reform with what she terms " outdated chemical management laws . "
We can only hope that we , the intelligent consumers , as well as our organizing structures , can have the courage to demand these changes .
Lisa Jackson , head of the EPA : " The American people are understandably concerned about the chemicals making their way into our products , our environment , and our bodies .
We will continue to use our authority under existing law to protect Americans from exposure to harmful chemicals and to highlight chemicals we believe warrant concern .
At the same time , I will continue to fight for comprehensive reform of the nation 's outdated chemical management laws to ensure a full assessment of the safety of chemicals on the market today and effective actions to reduce risks where chemicals do not meet the safety standard . "
This is one more reason I highly recommend cleansing the body on a regular basis .
Keeping the body clean in a time where chemicals are everywhere will help reduce the incidence of disease .
† Results may vary .
Information and statements made are for education purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your doctor .
If you have a severe medical condition or health concern , see your physician .
With features like : pre-warmed seats , massage options , auto - lid opening with proximity sensor , blow dryer , germ - resistant seat , air conditioning , glow - in - the - dark surface , dual water jets with soap mixture , music , and O - Zone deodorant systems , the Japanese toilet is hands down the best toilet ever made .
If it came with a refrigerator and had a screen to browse internet pron , I probably would never leave the bathroom .
Futuremark Games has released a major update for Shattered Horizon , which includes voice - chat , new ranks , improved MPR grenade and more .
Added in game voice chat support offering talk to team , talk to all , player muting and global disable .
Improved ranking system adds 50 new experience ranks better tailored to both new and existing players .
Rank promotions now appear on the in - game HUD .
As a player ranks up cosmetic changes are added to the space suit to distinguish between new and experienced players in game .
Tutorial screens added to main menu .
MPR grenades have been made more effective against flying targets .
HUD targeting brackets no longer appear on spawning astronauts .
No longer possible to hit tankshots from the front , or visor shots from behind .
Main menu , level loading , team selection and match results screens have been redesigned .
All game audio has been re-mastered to improve dynamic range .
Added sound effects for when a round has 2 minutes left and 10 seconds left .
In game chat now supports special characters such as ä , ö , é …
Server browser list now refreshes every few seconds .
Dead servers are removed from list .
Added Rules
Info page to server browser screen .
Added support for 5:4 monitor resolutions such as 1280 ×1024 .
Server 1.0.1.5
Servers can now be set to limit access to players above , below or between configurable point thresholds with the limits appearing in the server browser Rules column .
Added Melee Only ( MO ) option to server configuration options .
Added configurable away from keyboard ( AFK ) auto - kick to server options .
Added tooltips to server GUI .
Bug Fixes and Optimizations
Fixed a bug that allowed dead third party servers to appear in the server browser list .
Fixed an issue where players could not connect to a server due to a protocol error .
Fixed a bug that could cause a server to crash .
Fixed a bug in the Assault game type where ending a round in silent running mode caused some elements of the HUD to disappear when starting the next round .
Fixed a bug that could cause the game to hang on exit .
to hang on exit .
Fixed an issue that could cause the screen to flicker when changing resolutions .
Fixed a minor bug with the logic of the hand computer menu .
Fixed a rare bug that could cause grenades to detonate at an incorrect position .
Fixed a few rare crash bugs .
Fixed double - buffered and triple - buffered v-sync .
Physics calculations ( substepping ) have been optimized .
Voice Chat
Voice chat allows you to communicate with your team or everyone in the game .
There are separate buttons for talk to team and talk to all and there are options for player muting and global disable if needed .
Before trying to use voice chat first set up and test Voice Chat in Steam under Steam ’s Settings menu .
In game , use the Settings > Audio Options menu to set up Voice Chat .
By default , G is talk to team , H is talk to everybody ( you can rebind these if you wish )
If you use voice activated chat , you will talk to team by default .
Press H to talk to all .
( Make sure the mic is away from your mouth .
Shattered Horizon already has a breathing sound so you do n’t need to add your own . )
Text will appear on the right - hand side of the HUD to show who is talking and when you are broadcasting .
Icons appear on HUD brackets and RADAR for players who are speaking in view or in range ( these icons also appear when triggered speech is heard such as “ cover me , I ’m reloading ” ) .
To mute a player , press ESC to bring up the arm menu , select Audio Options , then the Muting tab , then click on the player you wish to mute .
If you disable voice chat you will neither broadcast or receive chat from other players .
In fact , you wo n’t even receive the data ( nor for players that you have muted ) ensuring maximum bandwidth for game data .
New Ranking System
Number of rank levels increased from 10 to 50
Current rank and rank progress now displayed on title screen
Rank promotions are now shown on the in - game HUD
The aim of the new ranking system is to provide better rewards for all players from people new to the game through to the game ’s seasoned veterans .
The new system uses the same 10 rank titles from Recruit through to Commander but each title now has sub-ranks named Iron , Bronze , Silver , Gold and Platinum .
This system creates 50 ranks in total allowing lower ranks to be grouped closer together and experienced ranks to be spaced further apart .
These changes mean that almost everyone will find themselves with a new rank following the update .
The old second rank , Technician at 120 points , is now equivalent to level 12 ( Bronze Engineer ) meaning new players will be rewarded far more quickly as they learn how to play the game and adapt to zero gravity combat .
At the other end of the scale , the old point limit for Commanders at 10,000 points is now equivalent to Rank 36 ( Iron Lieutenant ) .
The latest server update allows server admins to limit access to players below , above or between configurable points thresholds .
Effective with this update , official Futuremark servers are now set up in each region with the following conditions :
New Players server : 32 players – Mixed mode , all maps – For players with less than 400 points .
Proving Ground server : 16 players max – Mixed mode , all maps – For players with more than 120 points .
Training server ( no damage ) : All maps – Open to everyone .
Globalisation has changed the targets of thieves , researchers say Criminals are looking for different items to steal because globalisation has brought prices of some household goods down , new research suggests .
Researchers at the University of Leicester say criminals are moving from traditional household burglaries to personal muggings .
Criminology lecturer James Treadwell said that a DVD player costing £ 19.99 was " simply not worth stealing " .
The findings came as part of research into how crime has changed over time .
Mr Treadwell said globalisation - especially cheaper electronic goods from China and the Far East - was forcing thieves to re-think what items were worth taking .
He said : " The last decade has been a remarkable one where crime is concerned , with massive changes and shifts .
While we might have seen a decline in some types of crime , we have seen a rise in other forms of criminal activity , particularly young people who seem to be mugging one another
James
Treadwell , criminology lecturer " If we look back to the 1980s and 1990s , the type of staple crimes would be , for example , very often burglary and car crime and those crimes worked because they followed a business model and it was possible to break into a house and steal a video recorder and sell that at a profit .
" Cheap labour in China has had an impact on the type of crime that 's committed in the UK and the type of goods that are stolen today .
" Gradually , the prices of such goods has fallen so low as to they almost have no resale value . "
Mr Treadwell is due to present his findings on changes in criminal trends at the British Society of Criminology conference at the University of Leicester in July .
Crime figures
He added : " While we might have seen a decline in some types of crime , we have seen a rise in other forms of criminal activity , particularly young people who seem to be mugging one another , " he added .
" While DVD players for example , got cheaper , certain consumer items became smaller and were very , very expensive and sought after and so the latest mobile phone , or the latest iPod , which people carry about them , have become targets for robbers .
According to the university , the British Crime Survey ( BCS ) for 2008/09 estimated there were 1.28 m domestic burglaries in England and Wales in 1999 , almost one in 10 of the crimes recorded by the survey .
By 2008/09 that number had fallen and there were some 744,000 burglaries .
The survey also found burglary dropped 58 % between 1995 and 2008 /09 .
A Home Office spokesman said : " The evidence is clear , burglary is down 54 % since 1997 and mugging has remained stable during that time .
" The risk of being a victim of crime is historically low and the British Crime Survey shows that since 1997 overall crime has fallen by 36 % and violence is down by 41 % . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ISAAC : My first semester at college was as fun and stimulating as I had hoped .
Several classes already have changed my way of thinking , and I have a group of new friends .
But not everything went according to plan : I went back on one decision I made before going into college -- the decision to not work a job during the college year .
Dad and ...
We 've known for sometime that Ubisoft 's plans to curb piracy on the PC will include a required internet connection to play the publisher 's games , including the upcoming release of Assassin 's Creed II .
But we did n't know it was this unsavory .
Advertisement
We 've known that there is no " off - line " option , as clearly specified in Ubisoft 's online services Q&A and that , should your internet connection be interrupted at any time while playing , it 's unplayable until that connection is restored .
But PC Gamer 's hands - on experience with Assassin 's Creed II and Settlers VII sounds worse than we 'd expected .
Advertisement
" If you get disconnected while playing , you 're booted out of the game , " PC Gamer 's Tom Francis writes .
" All your progress since the last checkpoint or savegame is lost , and your only options are to quit to Windows or wait until you 're reconnected . "
And if you have a rock solid , up 24/7 connection ?
There 's still potential bad news , as " any time Ubisoft 's ' Master servers ' are down for any reason , everyone playing a current Ubisoft game is kicked out of it and loses their progress . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
To be clear , that 's PC Gamer 's experience with the PC version of Assassin 's Creed II , not ours .
We 've reached out to Ubisoft reps to get comment on the report .
They initially directed us to the online services Q&A linked earlier and promised a forthcoming statement .
We 'll update when that happens .
Constant net connection required to play Assassin 's Creed 2 on PC [ PC Gamer ]
The files are being made available online as part of a three year project A driver became ill after encountering a light shaped like a " massive star " , government UFO files released reveal .
In his account to police he described how a " tube of light " surrounded his car in Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent , and later how he was sick .
The incident on 27 January , 1997 is detailed in Ministry of Defence papers .
Such an episode is classed by ufologists as a " close encounter of the second kind " - UFO sighting followed by an associated physical effect .
It was one of many reports alongside countless " light in the sky " sightings , episodes in which eyewitnesses claim some form of physical effect and even contact with an alien being , in the National Archive files made public for the first time .
The man in Ebbw Vale said he was driving on a clear and dry night around 2240 GMT when he encountered the UFO .
His identity has been withheld , but his report to police shows he was from Newport .
Having stopped the car and switched the lights off , the light encircled the car , remaining for perhaps five minutes
Police report
He claimed his car was surrounded for five minutes by a " tube of light " which swept towards him from the north east .
During this time both his radio and mobile phone stopped working .
The report said : " He felt and was indeed sick later on .
He is still feeling ill today ( 28/1/97 ) and has developed a skin condition .
Advised to see doctor . "
The report goes on to describe the encounter : " First sighting seemed like a " massive star " moving towards the car .
" Having stopped the car and switched the lights off , the light encircled the car , remaining for perhaps five minutes .
" [ The man ] was able to walk through the light which was very bright .
There was no sound , no aircraft or helicopter noise , and besides feeling ill was very frightened . "
The report said the man 's car was left covered in " dust and dirt " .
The National Archives release is part of a three - year project by the MoD and the National Archives to release files related to UFOs on the National Archives website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On November 19 , 1863 , as President Lincoln stood to deliver the dedication of the Soldiers ’ National Cemetery in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , he could not have foreseen how the nation he envisioned as the home of “ a new birth of freedom ” could become an intolerable refutation of much of what he said that sad day .
He could not have imagined that the exorbitant and still - rising cost of electing the members of Congress would argue that not “ all men are created equal . ”
Rather , men , and mostly men , of considerable financial substance worth in sum about $ 650 million would sit on Capitol Hill .
Nor would he have imagined that the most powerful interests in this nation “ conceived in Liberty ” would be about to spend $ 3.7 billion to position those ( mostly ) men in November to immediately forget , polls might suggest , “ the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced . ”
President Lincoln could not have imagined , at least on a 21st Century scale , how the enterprise of government would become precisely that – a business enterprise riddled with corruption brought on by the enticements of money primarily intended to lubricate the interests of the powerful who wish to remain that way .
President Lincoln could not have foreseen that a former member of Congress , already convicted and imprisoned for seven years for bribery and racketeering , would threaten to run for Congress again as an Independent , saying , “ I have been a Democrat all my life , and quite frankly I am disgusted with both parties .
I hate to say this .
My father is rolling over in his grave , a truck driver . ”
President Lincoln , a lawyer by trade , probably would suggest that it takes a crook to root out a drift of swine - minded crooks .
Polls of popularity generally assign Lincoln at or near the top of lists of “ greatest presidents . ”
Despite whatever historical flaws he may have as a politician , military tactician or executive branch leader , his reputation for honesty and truth prevail scores of years later .
His vision for the Republic was clear .
But time and the misuse of money have eroded that vision , rendering it unrecognizable .
In his address of only 265 words , he directed a divided nation to heal the deep wounds brought on by such a divisive war .
He said , “ It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us — that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion … ”
He sought freedom — and all the obligations and responsibilities that entails — as a defining characteristic of the Republic .
What would he think of a Congress so divided and held in such low regard by the voters who elected its members ?
How would he regard an industry surrounding Congress whose sole purpose is to prey on political and philosophical schisms on behalf of powerful clients who seek primarily to retain and expand their means of holding power ?
Would he be saddened by the decision of the Republic ’s highest court to allow corporations the same rights as individuals ?
As he sits in effigy , fatigued in appearance by artist ’s intent , looking east toward the Reflecting Pool , he may be considering revising his remarks offered at Gettysburg :
We here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain — that this nation , under the god of Maximize Shareholder Income , shall have an enduring vision of Corporate leadership — and that government of the Dollar , by the Dollar , and for the Dollar , shall not perish from the Corporate Boardrooms .
This probably was n’t exactly what Tim was wanting , but with Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs out on DVD / BluRay and friends begging me to watch it with them ….. well the math basically equals less time to perfect the strip .
I ’ll see if I ca n’t pull through a little harder next week since I want to try to get the 2P START !
engines running at full speed again .
Happiness has been linked to improve health before Being happy and staying positive may help ward off heart disease , a study suggests .
US researchers monitored the health of 1,700 people over 10 years , finding the most anxious and depressed were at the highest risk of the disease .
They could not categorically prove happiness was protective , but said people should try to enjoy themselves .
But experts suggested the findings may be of limited use as an individual 's approach to life was often ingrained .
At the start of the study , which was published in the European Heart Journal , participants were assessed for emotions ranging from hostility and anxiousness to joy , enthusiasm and contentment .
They were given a rating on a five - point scale to score their level of positive emotions .
By the end of the analysis , some 145 had developed heart disease - fewer than one in 10 .
But for each rise in the happiness scale there was a 22 % lower risk of developing heart disease .
Essentially spending a few minutes each day truly relaxed and enjoying yourself is certainly good for your mental health and may improve your physical health as well
Dr Karina Davidson
The team believes happier people may have better sleeping patterns , be less liable to suffer stress and be more able to move on from upsetting experiences - all of which can reduce physical strain on the body .
Lead researcher Dr Karina Davidson admitted more research was needed into the link , but said she would still recommend that people try to develop a more positive outlook .
She said all too often people just waited for their " two weeks of vacation to have fun " when instead they should seek enjoyment each day .
" If you enjoy reading novels , but never get around to it , commit to getting 15 minutes or so of reading in .
" If walking or listening to music improves you mood , get those activities in your schedule .
" Essentially spending a few minutes each day truly relaxed and enjoying yourself is certainly good for your mental health and may improve your physical health as well . "
It is not the first study to suggest there is a link between happiness and health .
But Ellen Mason , of the British Heart Foundation , suggested such an association may be of limited value anyway .
" We know that improving your mood is n't always easy - so we do n't know if it 's possible to change our natural levels of positivity . "
Cardiologist Iain Simpson , of the British Cardiovascular Society , added : " Things like reducing cholesterol and diabetes are more important when it comes to reducing heart disease .
" But at the end of the day it heart disease is still the biggest killer in the UK so anything you can do to help should not be ignored . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The woman who sparked the Gordon Brown bullying row was accused of screaming at and intimidating fellow workers .
Documents seen by the Daily Mirror show National Bullying Helpline chief executive Christine Pratt lost a 2003 employment tribunal for sexual discrimination after being accused of bullying .
Employees of Japanese firm Sanden testified that she was " aggressive " and " confrontational " .
She was accused of making " disparaging " remarks about another worker 's command of English which he found " extremely hurtful " .
And in one case , she " thrust her face " close to a colleague and " screamed very loudly into his ear " leaving the man shocked and in pain .
Mrs Pratt yesterday refused to speak about the case .
She told the Mirror : " That 's the subject of a tribunal , which is history - and it's one of the reasons I do what I do today .
" Also , it 's not relevant to the issue we are raising with regard to the Prime Minister 's office . "
When pressed , she said : " Watch my lips , love you dearly - I 'm not going to comment on it .
It 's raking up history . "
Mrs Pratt faces a backlash about revealing details of calls to her helpline which are meant to be confidential .
Expert on workplace stress Professor Cary Cooper quit as patron of her charity saying : " I am resigning now .
I think she breached confidentiality .
" One of the things that is really important for any helpline is to retain confidentiality . "
Bullying UK director Liz Carnell said she was " horrified " and would complain to the Charity Commission .
She said : " Gordon Brown 's office is small and the comments will almost certainly identify this person who turned to the helpline in despair .
" We suggest Mrs Pratt considers her position , given the damage she has caused to the antibullying sector . "
Labour MP
Anne Snelgrove said she had cut her ties with Mrs Pratt 's Swindon - based charity after receiving complaints in 2008 that the helpline was used to find business for her husband 's human resources consultancy .
A businessman told last night how he called the charity for help in 2007 and was asked by Mrs Pratt for a £ 300 deposit before she passed him on to an " associate " .
He was then hit with a £ 3,500 bill .
He said : " From what I could see they only made a few phone calls .
I would n't advise anyone to go to them .
They worked for me but it was not worth anywhere near £ 3,500 . "
A website that features alleged victims of NBH - under the banner " the last thing you need if you are being bullied " - questions the morality of a charity that asks desperate people for money .
Mrs Pratt has acknowledged the organisation offered to refer callers to her husband 's consultancy but insisted that the arrangement was legal and had been properly approved .
Documents with the Charity Commission also showed last night that NBH is massively late in submitting its accounts .
A spokesman said it had received several complaints about the organisation .
At 10:30 AM on Freedom - to - Marry Day 2010 – Sunday , February 14 , Valentine ’s Day – the Gay Liberation Network will host an informational picket of Chicago ’s Holy Name Cathedral , 735 N. State Street , to highlight the role the Church ’s leadership has played in promoting inequality .
H/T to Planetransgender .
MOSCOW , Russia — Priests serving with military units , religious classes in public schools , even blessings at national hockey games — this is the face of the new Russian Orthodox Church .
Following years of steady post - communism revival , the church saw an explosive growth in its activities and state role last year .
Now critics warn that the growth is coming at the expense of religious freedom in the country , with many faiths under attack .
In an annual report on religious freedom released in late January , the Moscow - based Liberty of Conscience Institute said the relationship between the church and the state had become “ symbiotic , ” violating the constitution and leading to widespread discrimination against religious minorities .
In the latest move , Russia ’s top court in December upheld a ruling banning a regional branch of the Jehovah ’s Witnesses .
The group has long faced scrutiny in Russia .
More widespread , the report warned , was discrimination against some of Russia ’s larger minorities — Muslims , Jews and Buddhists .
With Russian Orthodoxy , these are the country ’s four recognized religions .
Last summer , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced an initiative to appoint Orthodox chaplains to all army units .
The current school year is the first in which religion classes , for which students ostensibly can study religions other than Orthodoxy and choose a secular option , are offered in public schools .
With Orthodoxy being the religion to which the overwhelming majority of Russians belong , critics fear other school options wo n’t be truly followed .
The religious rights report warned that in any case the move could lead to the disintegration of Russia ’s proclaimed secularity .
Lacking a state ideology , the Kremlin has had a heavy hand in pushing for the church ’s prominence .
Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin are regularly shown on state - run television attending services .
Medvedev ’s wife is particularly active in Orthodox circles .
The church , a wealthy institution reveling in its newfound power following the state - mandated atheist years of the Soviet Union , asks its followers to hold not just society , but government , to its standards .
Father Vsevolod Chaplin , the church ’s spokesman and head of its department of church - society relations , recently gave a sermon to believers from several former Soviet republics .
“ We do n’t have to be scared to put the following task before ourselves :
If we , the majority in each of our countries — there are people here from Belarus , Ukraine , Moldova — then we have the full right that our moral principles , our vision for the present and the future are determining factors in those spheres of social life and government in which we work , ” he said , according to the Interfax - Religion news agency .
In Russia , religion and ethnicity are intertwined — to call oneself Russian is also to call oneself Orthodox ( russki ) .
There is a different word to describe Jews and Muslims ( rossianie ) , for example , even if their families have been in Russia for generations .
You are not considered truly Russian unless you are Orthodox , whether a practicing believer or not .
The government - backed push to further raise the profile of the Orthodox Church only works to reinforce the growing nationalism that has engulfed the country since the Soviet Union ’s fall , critics say .
“ Everything that is happening now goes against our secular constitution , ” said human rights activist Lev Levinson .
“ It says no religion can be a state religion , and should guarantee the government ’s non-involvement in church affairs . ”
The most recent poll on the subject by the Levada Center , an independent pollster , found that in 2007 , 66 percent of Russians considered themselves Orthodox , up from 44 percent in 1996 .
Some 23 percent said they were n’t religious , down from 43 percent in 1996 .
Yet church attendance remains low .
Just 8 percent of Russians go to church regularly , up from 5 percent in 1996 , according to the poll .
The majority , 39 percent , said they never go , but that is down from 65 percent in 1996 .
The steady rise in religious belief grew under the stewardship of the popular Patriarch Alexei II , who died in February 2009 .
Under his more conservative successor , Patriarch Kirill , it should continue to grow .
On New Year ’s Eve , Kirill assumed personal control over the church ’s missionary department , with plans to expand its powers and personnel .
The church is also setting its sights abroad .
At the end of the year , it opened its first seminary outside the former Soviet Union , in France .
It has opened a new church in Thailand , at a beach resort popular with Russians , and plans to do the same in Germany .
The patriarch will travel around Africa this year , where , the church says , Orthodoxy is the fastest growing religion .
( It is not the only religion to make that claim . )
Inside Russia , the church ’s wealth is growing along with its power .
In the 1990s , it won a bizarre , but lucrative , contract to monopolize the trade in alcohol and cigarettes .
While that is long gone , the church 's wealth comes in large part from its growing property holdings .
In the latest move to solidify the church 's power , Putin announced at the New Year that the state would hand over control of Moscow ’s famous Novodevischy Convent , which houses a beautiful church , icons and a cemetery where many of its famous writers , poets and politicians lay buried .
Critics denounced the move , worried the church would hide and take poor care of the historical artifacts inside .
Yet criticizing or challenging the church is not a task for all .
Yury Samodurov was found guilty of inciting religious hatred in 2005 , after staging an art exhibitat the Sakharov Center called “ Caution : Religion ! ” two years earlier .
The exhibit , which featured artwork with Christian symbols mixed with pop culture references , was first vandalized by six members of a religious group .
“ For a long time now , the ability to publicly approach the problems of the Church with a critical view has been considered unacceptable and inappropriate , " Samodurov said in a telephone interview .
He blames the state as much as the church for his travails .
“ The government uses the church for its own legitimization .
And the church happily gives itself the possibility to be used for this goal because it increases its own political meaningfulness and political role , ” he said .
“ A politicized church is a rare institution that freezes the political development of society , ” he warned .
A year after his conviction , Samodurov put on another controversial exhibit titled “ Forbidden Art , ” which also came under the Orthodox Church ’s ire .
He is currently on trial for inciting religious hatred again , and has since left his post as museum curator .
From Mediaweek :
Just days after throwing its support behind the NHL Winter Classic game in Boston , Geico has upped its commitment , signing on as the official insurance partner of the National Hockey League .
Brokered by Geico agency Horizon Media , the partnership includes national TV inventory on NBC throughout the regular season and Stanley Cup playoffs .
The sponsorship also includes a mix of media delivered via the NHL Network and NHL.com , along with exposure in a number of team venues .
Before signing with the league , Geico had already sponsored 17 of the 24 U.S. - based NHL teams .
“ We ’re excited to become a partner and create this association with the National Hockey League , ” said Bill Brower , Geico ’s director of advertising .
“ The recent Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic , with a special appearance by the Caveman , was a great way to kick off a successful partnership through the rest of the season . ”
Whether life exists elsewhere in our universe is a longstanding mystery .
But for some scientists , there ’s another interesting question : could there be life in a universe significantly different from our own ?
A definitive answer is impossible , since we have no way of directly studying other universes .
But cosmologists speculate that a multitude of other universes exist , each with its own laws of physics .
Recently physicists at MIT have shown that in theory , alternate universes could be quite congenial to life , even if their physical laws are very different from our own .
In work recently featured in a cover story in Scientific American , MIT physics professor Robert Jaffe , former MIT postdoc , Alejandro Jenkins , and recent MIT graduate Itamar Kimchi showed that universes quite different from ours still have elements similar to carbon , hydrogen , and oxygen , and could therefore evolve life forms quite similar to us .
Even when the masses of the elementary particles are dramatically altered , life may find a way .
“ You could change them by significant amounts without eliminating the possibility of organic chemistry in the universe , ” says Jenkins .
Modern cosmology theory holds that our universe may be just one in a vast collection of universes known as the multiverse .
MIT physicist Alan Guth has suggested that new universes ( known as “ pocket universes ” ) are constantly being created , but they can not be seen from our universe .
In this view , “ nature gets a lot of tries — the universe is an experiment that ’s repeated over and over again , each time with slightly different physical laws , or even vastly different physical laws , ” says Jaffe .
Some of these universes would collapse instants after forming ; in others , the forces between particles would be so weak they could not give rise to atoms or molecules .
However , if conditions were suitable , matter would coalesce into galaxies and planets , and if the right elements were present in those worlds , intelligent life could evolve .
Some physicists have theorized that only universes in which the laws of physics are “ just so ” could support life , and that if things were even a little bit different from our world , intelligent life would be impossible .
In that case , our physical laws might be explained “ anthropically , ” meaning that they are as they are because if they were otherwise , no one would be around to notice them .
Jaffe and his collaborators felt that this proposed anthropic explanation should be subjected to more careful scrutiny , and decided to explore whether universes with different physical laws could support life .
This is a daunting question to answer in general , so as a start they decided to specialize to universes with nuclear and electromagnetic forces similar enough to ours that atoms exist .
Although bizarre life forms might exist in universes different from ours , Jaffe and his collaborators decided to focus on life based on carbon chemistry .
They defined as “ congenial to life ” those universes in which stable forms of hydrogen , carbon and oxygen would exist .
“ If you do n’t have a stable entity with the chemistry of hydrogen , you ’re not going to have hydrocarbons , or complex carbohydrates , and you ’re not going to have life , ” says Jaffe .
“ The same goes for carbon and oxygen .
Beyond those three we felt the rest is detail .
" They set out to see what might happen to those elements if they altered the masses of elementary particles called quarks .
There are six types of quarks , which are the building blocks of protons , neutrons and electrons .
The MIT team focused on “ up ” , “ down ” and “ strange ” quarks , the most common and lightest quarks , which join together to form protons and neutrons and closely related particles called “ hyperons .
”
In our universe , the down quark is about twice as heavy as the up quark , resulting in neutrons that are 0.1 percent heavier than protons .
Jaffe and his colleagues modeled one family of universes in which the down quark was lighter than the up quark , and protons were up to a percent heavier than neutrons .
In this scenario , hydrogen would no longer be stable , but its slightly heavier isotopes deuterium or tritium could be .
An isotope of carbon known as carbon - 14 would also be stable , as would a form of oxygen , so the organic reactions necessary for life would be possible .
The team found a few other congenial universes , including a family where the up and strange quarks have roughly the same mass ( in our universe , strange quarks are much heavier and can only be produced in high - energy collisions ) , while the down quark would be much lighter .
In such a universe , atomic nuclei would be made of neutrons and a hyperon called the “ sigma minus , ” which would replace protons .
They published their findings in the journal Physical Review D last year .
Jaffe and his collaborators focused on quarks because they know enough about quark interactions to predict what will happen when their masses change .
However , “ any attempt to address the problem in a broader context is going to be very difficult , ” says Jaffe , because physicists are limited in their ability to predict the consequences of changing most other physical laws and constants .
A group of researchers at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory has done related studies examining whether congenial universes could arise even while lacking one of the four fundamental forces of our universe — the weak nuclear force , which enables the reactions that turn neutrons into protons , and vice versa .
The researchers showed that tweaking the other three fundamental forces could compensate for the missing weak nuclear force and still allow stable elements to be formed .
That study and the MIT work are different from most other studies in this area in that they examined more than one constant .
“ Usually people vary one constant and look at the results , which is different than if you vary multiple constants , ” says Mark Wise , professor of physics at Caltech , who was not involved in the research .
Varying only one constant usually produces an inhospitable universe , which can lead to the erroneous conclusion that any other congenial universes are impossible .
One physical parameter that does appear to be extremely finely tuned is the cosmological constant — a measure of the pressure exerted by empty space , which causes the universe to expand or contract .
When the constant is positive , space expands , when negative , the universe collapses on itself .
In our universe , the cosmological constant is positive but very small — any larger value would cause the universe to expand too rapidly for galaxies to form .
However , Wise and his colleagues have shown that it is theoretically possible that changes in primordial cosmological density perturbations could compensate at least for small changes to the value of the cosmological constant .
In the end , there is no way to know for sure what other universes are out there , or what life they may hold .
But that will likely not stop physicists from exploring the possibilities , and in the process learning more about our own universe .
In the uproar caused by Atty .
Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr.'s announcement that the alleged planners of the 9/11 attacks are to be tried in U.S. District Court in New York City , and the suspects in the attack on the U.S. destroyer Cole will go on trial before military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , the public discourse has lost sight of the fundamental principles that guide the government when it makes such decisions .
Unfortunately , the government has lost sight of the principles as well .
When President George W. Bush spoke to Congress shortly after 9/11 , he did not ask for a declaration of war .
Instead , Republican leaders offered and Congress enacted an Authorization for the Use of Military Force .
The authorization was open - ended as to its targets and its conclusion , and basically told the president and his successors that they could pursue whomever they wanted , wherever their pursuits took them , so long as they believed that the people they pursued had engaged in acts of terrorism against the United States .
Thus was born the “ war ” on terror .
Tellingly , and perhaps because we did not know at the time precisely who had planned the 9/11 attacks , Congress did not declare war .
But the use of the word “ war ” persisted nonetheless .
Even after he learned what countries had sponsored terrorism against us and our allies with governmental assistance , Bush did not seek a declaration of war against them .
Since 9/11 , American agents have captured and seized nearly 800 people from all over the globe in connection with the attacks , and now five have been charged with planning them .
Virtually all of those seized who survived interrogation have been held at Guantanamo Bay .
Bush initially ordered that no law or treaty applied to these detainees and that no judge could hear their cases , and thus he could detain whoever he decided was too risky to release and whoever he was satisfied had participated in terrorist attacks against the U.S.
He made these extra-constitutional claims based , he said , on the inherent powers of the commander in chief in wartime .
But in the Supreme Court , he lost all five substantive challenges to his authority brought by detainees .
As a result , some detainees had to be freed , and he and Congress eventually settled for trying some before military tribunals under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and subsequent legislation .
Advertisement
The casual use of the word “ war ” has lead to a mentality among the public and even in the government that the rules of war could apply to those held at Guantanamo .
But the rules of war apply only to those involved in a lawfully declared war , and not to something that the government merely calls a war .
Only Congress can declare war -- and thus trigger the panoply of the government ’s military powers that come with that declaration .
Among those powers is the ability to use military tribunals to try those who have caused us harm by violating the rules of war .
The last time the government used a military tribunal in this country to try foreigners who violated the rules of war involved Nazi saboteurs during World War II .
They came ashore in Amagansett , N.Y. , and Ponte Vedra Beach , Fla. , and donned civilian clothes , with plans to blow up strategic U.S. targets .
They were tried before a military tribunal , and President Franklin D. Roosevelt based his order to do so on the existence of a formal congressional declaration of war against Germany .
In Ex Parte Quirin , the Supreme Court case that eventually upheld the military trial of these Germans -- after they had been tried and after six of the eight defendants had been executed -- the court declared that a formal declaration of war is the legal prerequisite to the government ’s use of the tools of war .
The federal government adhered to this principle of law from World War II until Bush ’s understanding of the Constitution animated government policy .
The recent decision to try some of the Guantanamo detainees in federal District Court and some in military courts in Cuba is without a legal or constitutional bright line .
All those still detained since 9/11 should be tried in federal courts because without a declaration of war , the Constitution demands no less .
Advertisement
That the target of the Cole attackers was military property manned by the Navy offers no constitutional reason for a military trial .
In the 1960s , when Army draft offices and college ROTC facilities were attacked and bombed , those charged were quite properly tried in federal courts .
And when Timothy McVeigh blew up a federal courthouse in Oklahoma City ; and Omar Abdel Rahman attempted in 1993 to blow up the World Trade Center , which housed many federal offices ; and when Zacarias Moussaoui was accused in the 9/11 attacks , all were tried in federal courts .
The “ American Taliban , ” John Walker Lindh , and the notorious would - be shoe bomber , Richard Reid , were tried in federal courts .
Even the “ Ft. Dix Six , ” five of whom were convicted in a plot to invade a U.S. Army post in New Jersey , were tried in federal court .
And the sun still rose on the mornings after their convictions .
The framers of the Constitution feared letting the president alone decide with whom we are at war , and thus permitting him to trigger for his own purposes the military tools reserved for wartime .
They also feared allowing the government to take life , liberty or property from any person without the intercession of a civilian jury to check the government ’s appetite and to compel transparency and fairness by forcing the government to prove its case to 12 ordinary citizens .
Thus , the 5th Amendment to the Constitution , which requires due process , includes the essential component of a jury trial .
And the 6th Amendment requires that when the government pursues any person in court , it must do so in the venue where the person is alleged to have caused harm .
Numerous Supreme Court cases have ruled that any person in conflict with the government can invoke due process -- be that person a citizen or an immigrant , someone born here , legally here , illegally here or whose suspect behavior did not even occur here .
Think about it :
If the president could declare war on any person or entity or group simply by calling his pursuit of them a “ war , ” there would be no limit to the government ’s ability to use the tools of war to achieve its ends .
We have a “ war ” on drugs ; can drug dealers be tried before military tribunals ?
We have a “ war ” on the Mafia ; can mobsters be sent to Gitmo and tried there ?
The Obama administration has arguably declared “ war ” on Fox News .
Are Glenn Beck , Bill O’Reilly and I and my other colleagues in danger of losing our constitutional rights to a government hostile to our opinions ?
Advertisement
I trust not .
And my trust is based on the oath that everyone who works in the government takes to uphold the Constitution .
But I am not naive .
Only unflinching public fidelity to the Constitution will preserve the freedoms of us all .
Andrew P. Napolitano , a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey , is the senior judicial analyst at the Fox News Channel .
His next book is “ Lies the Government Told You : Myth , Power , and Deception in American History . ”
The biggest question many people face when deciding to work at home with an MLM system and start a new home business is why they would do it .
Many peoples why is as to the reason they start anything new is different and can range from the smallest answers to the biggest reasons known to man .
There are times that people in general sit back and have to look at where they were way back when what they in those days dreamed their lives would be like in these times .
Many of us I am sure believed that when the question was asked of us in elementary school what do you want to be when you grow up ?
It was a general question that meant we actually had a choice to be something great something that would make us famous world known or popular as to our choices .
However the question really as life went on for most seemed to get lost in the frame work of the real world and what its demands on our time consisted of .
When we look back at our hopes our dreams not one of us said I want to work for a factory or some boss who barely knows my name till I am old and gray for next to nothing .
No , we all had big dreams of conquering the world , to be big thinkers and to change industry as to the way the world works .
It was in those thoughts we were special .
We had purpose and desire to achieve many great things .
So now as we look back on those days we ask .
Why have I let others call me a dreamer and take away my steam that got the little engine in my soul started climbing up the hill ?
What happened to I think I can moments .
For many of us we chose to put those moment aside for other things .
Like family life we put aside our wants and true desires for the promise of a weekly pay check and a place to go everyday .
Where we understood what was expected of us loosing the will for challenge .
The I think dreams of a better life and job put aside .
For the I know what I can do and that ’s fine it works for me .
However as times have changed and the out come of that industry of thought has slipped away many of us find ourselves like children once more facing that question just a bit different but truly the same .
What are you going to do now with your life ?
Many are confused disoriented as to the possibilities of where they are now .
The moment facing them right now as to say why did n’t I do this before and look at the out come .
Yes but before as a kid many of us did not have the knowledge and recourses to understand the heart of the question .
Like we do today .
We thought way back then like kids believing in the dream .
Well as adults we now know in our positions we can not just hold our breaths any longer for others to make our lives for us .
Believing in a future .
One day our dream that we now know takes steam and hard work .
We can look back and learn that the dreams we had then were put on hold and all are reasons our why ’s as to it not working before .
Now can be put in to positive thoughts and open dreams , desires , and beliefs as to the why it can work today .
We are so much the bigger engine of our societies now and the hills we face are now smaller .
When we are asked why we want a home MLM business ?
We see that our priorities have changed not as to hope or dreams of possibilities .
However to knowledge wisdom as to what can truly be accomplished .
Many of us sit our whole lives on the side lines hoping the coach does not call us to play in the game .
We fear that which we do n’t know or understand .
So we are content with what we do understand .
The bench holds the water the warm coats the cheering section .
However we have never found the glory that comes from playing in the big game .
Owning our lives and our financial future .
How could we ever know what it feels like ?
How could we the many know how to stand and take chances ?
If we never tried to do it !
The answer is we can .
Many people say looking back if I just would have gotten up and played hard .
Sure I may have fallen yet there may have been a touch down or two that set me apart .
I may have my life and not some company that holds me to a weekly position I hate for little to no satisfaction as to achievement !
When we think now as to our WHY .
Think about those times we did not act and say why did n’t I .
Why not the opportunities surly were there .
I believe we all have a time and a place in our lives that make us stop and think truly as to what we were asked as children .
Some peoples WHY comes later in life well others get it right away .
They decide to do something because it ’s a deep thought or want that has never been done before .
As an adult we find that many of us are not happy as to where we are and we believe we were meant for something bigger and wake up to the fact it ’s supposed to be better than we are doing now .
So our WHY is because we want to finally see that betterment .
That touch down every one else has made .
We are tired of sitting on the bench .
Many say well I have done all that every one else has told me to do and their advice has not got me any place so now is the time to start something strictly for myself .
A home based MLM system and make it on my own steam .
Our WHY ’s are our own personnel journeys over the hill as to I think I can .
When we truly make that decision that start up point .
It is and has been so easy to slide back down yet the true reasons we start is because we in faith truly see our lives desires just up and over the hill of adversity .
On the way we have many WHY ’s and reasons why we want to get there .
It could be for retirement or for piece of mind in a rocky economy or it could be just because you want to finally see the dream of the question answered .
Can we truly be anything our hearts desire ?
Many of us ask ourselves why did I not started sooner .
Life is like a marathon we are all forced to run .
We all start out the same .
However each of us may not think the same .
We are influenced by like minded people around us .
If we start the race in the fat crowed or under achiever ’s we may become one .
Believing in their laid back it will come to me when it comes to me attitude .
However if we move to the positive crowd and the true runners we will wake up to the fact we can do what we set in motion to achieve .
We are all on the path however some of us give up and start walking .
Well others stop sit down drink the water and say why bother .
Then there are those who push through the pains of life and say WHY because the finish line gets closer every time my foot falls .
Starting a home business is so much like all these things we want to be the ones who actually finish the marathon .
Make our train get over that hill .
However we must not fail in the WHY as to the reasons we want to finish .
Many want to finish mainly for time or to help others get up off the side of the road and say you can do it !
Self talk yourself in to action and motivate yourself by motivating others this is a big WHY as to doing a home MLM business .
It ’s not about the money many times as it is about the people who help you achieve goals were in before you never knew were possible .
A WHY question is deep rooted in to our wisdom and thinking as how things in life should be not as others perceive them to be .
Our why as to starting something for our selves is the true bases of all life .
If there were no reason for why should I questions .
There would never be results as to why things work the way they do .
When thinking of your WHY .
Think of why you are as deserving .
Then know because you have worked hard to climb the hill now it ’s time to enjoy being on top and the ease that comes with the other side .
Check out our links on the right .
Mark Cowell
That photo ’s just in from Aaron , who says it happened about an hour ago at 17th / Graham , which is a block west of where the bicycle crash happened this afternoon ( one of the four crashes in this roundup ) .
He says it ’s believed that “ ( a ) driver lost her brakes in a car , drove backwards down the street , and ended up on a utility pole support cable . ”
Instantly brought back memories of this one we covered ( with photos and video ) in Fauntleroy in December 2007 .
No word of injuries in tonight ’s mishap – one engine was sent out , but the call ’s already closed .
Alistair Buchanan has set sail on the good ship Discovery to find a solution to Britain 's twin needs of meeting energy - security and climate - change goals .
But the Ofgem regulator might have better named his exploratory vessel Recovery , because this is a voyage to make up for lost time : it should have been launched years ago when North Sea supplies first started to run out and global warming began to be noticed .
Buchanan has been the target of criticism because he is the man at the helm , but the reality is that those who have really directed the energy policies of this country – past , present and future – are the landlubbers in Whitehall .
It is not so much Ofgem that has woken up to the dangers of the lights going out somewhat late in the day , but a government which has spent the last three winters insisting there will be no power blackouts .
As we know , this December the rhetoric actually ran dry , as 100 factories and plants around the country were told they were having their gas switched off with almost immediate effect .
Ofgem 's Project Discovery is a consultation exercise airing a whole range of ideas about what might need to happen in future .
These include enhanced subsidies for renewables with 20 - year guarantees and even the creation of a centralised power - buying mechanism , possibly run by the state .
Much of it involves public money and state control .
Project Discovery is in many ways an exercise which heralds the end of the largely unfettered free - market energy system and a return to the security of the past , when the publicly owned Central Electricity Generating Board ensured plenty of excess power - station capacity was kept ready for those cold winter days when power demand was greater than usual .
The Ofgem ship probably only had to sail from Dover to Calais to find much of what it was looking for .
The government has been berating the French , Germans and others for their unwillingness to follow the Anglo - Saxon ideal in which most of the country 's energy portfolio was handed over to the private sector and a competitive environment drove down consumer prices ( temporarily ) .
The largely state - owned French companies , such as EDF , and German power behemoths , such as E.ON and RWE , kept their home markets relatively tightly regulated and protected for themselves .
Meanwhile they took advantage of those innovative Brits , buying up all the assets they could find .
So when a utility is needed to build a nuclear power station , it 's no surprise that the only one left with the cash and the appetite is the Nicolas Sarkozy - backed EDF .
While the Dutch , Germans and others ensured their power companies invested in enormous gas storage capabilities , the UK has left it to the market , which did little about it , even though it has been clear for many years that the UK is becoming dependent on imported gas and needs somewhere to keep it .
The privatisation of the gas sector in 1986 and electricity in 1989 brought little in the way of strategic , long - term thinking and when the privatisation of the nuclear industry came in 1996 it swiftly brought problems , with British Energy having to be bailed out by the taxpayer within six years .
Now ministers once again are being called on to intervene because companies left to their own devices will not invest in new nuclear , wind and other low - carbon technologies .
Having sucked profits out of the industry when government " interference " was a dirty word , they are – like the banks , railways and even car industry before them – keen to see the state step in and help them out with a greener and more secure agenda .
The government should seize its chance .
Guest post by Steven Goddard
There is no question that some of the greatest minds have been scientists .
Da Vinci , Copernicus , Galileo , Newton , Edison , Einstein , Fermi , Feynman are a few names that come to mind .
But how about the consensus ?
One of the most famous cases of consensus science gone ridiculous involved the theory of Continental Drift .
In 1912 , a German scientist named Alfred Wegener introduced the theory that the continents were not stationary , but rather moved .
Any child can see that the continents fit together like a jigsaw puzzle , yet the scientific community took over 50 years to stop ridiculing Wegener and accept his theory .
“ Utter , damned rot ! ” said the president of the prestigious American Philosophical Society .
Anyone who “ valued his reputation for scientific sanity ” would never dare support such a theory , said a British geologist .
“ If we are to believe in Wegener ’s hypothesis we must forget everything which has been learned in the past 70 years and start all over again . ”
Geologist R. Thomas Chamberlain
“ further discussion of it merely incumbers the literature and befogs the mind of fellow students . ”
Geologist Barry Willis
Sound familiar ?
http://travel.state.gov/images/maps/brazil.gif
http://www.globalkids.info/v3/content/africa.jpg
Several earlier scientists had also observed the obvious – from Wikipedia :
Abraham Ortelius ( 1597 ) , Francis Bacon ( 1625 ) , Benjamin Franklin , Antonio Snider - Pellegrini ( 1858 ) , and others had noted earlier that the shapes of continents on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean ( most notably , Africa and South America ) seem to fit together .
W. J. Kious described Ortelius ’ thoughts in this way : [ 1 ]
Abraham Ortelius in his work Thesaurus Geographicus … suggested that the Americas were “ torn away from Europe and Africa … by earthquakes and floods ” and went on to say : “ The vestiges of the rupture reveal themselves , if someone brings forward a map of the world and considers carefully the coasts of the three [ continents ] .
Not only do the continents fit together , but Wegener observed that their geology matched .
http://www.scientus.org/Wegener-DuToit.jpeg
And the fossils match .
.
http://www.scientus.org/Pellegrini-Wegener-1.gif
We see a parallel to global warming .
The earth is not warming out of control .
Sea level is not rising out of control .
The Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets are not collapsing .
The IPCC documents have been shown to be littered with junk science and fraud .
The hockey team has been shown to be misusing their positions .
Yet the consensus hangs on to the ridiculous , for the same reasons they did from 1912 to 1960 .
No one wants to “ forget what they learned and start over again . ”
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags
[ American Affairs , 1947 ]
The American tradition is the " liberal " tradition , but when " liberal " is used to designate the views of Henry Wallace , we are not even aware that the word has been twisted to mean its exact opposite .
For some three hundred years the term " liberal " has expressed a philosophy which is in direct conflict with the philosophy of those who , today in the United States , term themselves " liberals . "
Liberal and liberalism are defined as follows .
Liberal " One who favors greater freedom in political or religious matters " ( Webster 's Dictionary ) Liberalism " A belief in the value of human personality , and a conviction that the source of all progress lies in the free exercise of human energy " ( Encyclopedia Britannica ) Liberalism " Liberalism has advocated … individual liberty in government , economics and religion …
In political and economic thought , John Stuart Mill represents English liberalism . " ( Columbia Encyclopedia )
" Liberalism " in the historic sense is the struggle of man to assert his liberty against authority .
In the political field , this struggle is against the authority of the state .
Those who , today , call themselves liberals believe in increasing the authority of the state at the expense of individual liberty .
It is true that they do so for the laudable purpose of advancing the public welfare but , whatever their motives , they have taken their stand against individual liberty and in favor of authority .
Whatever they may call themselves , they are not liberals .
" Liberalism " in the historic sense regards government as a necessary evil .
It looks upon all governments , including our own , with suspicion .
It believes that the only way to safeguard liberty and protect the individual from the tyranny of government is to limit the functions of government .
It fears government and seeks to impose restraints upon the power of government .
" Liberalism , " as the term is used today , looks upon the citizen with suspicion and upon government with approval .
It seeks to build a strong government to control and regiment the individual for the good of society , to prevent the strong from taking advantage of the weak , to offset inequalities in wealth and incomes , and to play the historic role of Robin Hood , who robbed the rich and distributed some of the proceeds to the poor .
The principle of authority , which has enslaved the human spirit during the greater part of recorded history , has been challenged effectively only for a brief period in ancient Greece and again in the last 300 years and only by that concept of life which historically is known as liberalism .
Although the roots of liberalism lie deep in history , liberalism as an organized doctrine begins with the revolt of Oliver Cromwell against constituted authority in England and the rise of the Dutch Republic in Holland .
It found eloquent expression in the great essay of John Milton , Areopagitica , which he wrote in 1644 , in defiance of law , to uphold the right of free speech and to protest to Parliament against establishment of a censorship .
Nearly a century later , John Locke expounded the principles of liberalism and his writings " became the political Bible of the following century . "
In the 18th century , the American Revolution established a new type of government based upon the doctrines of Locke , and Adam Smith formulated the liberal doctrine in economic terms .
In the 19th century , John Stuart Mill , Herbert Spencer , Bentham , Cobden and Bright were the spokesmen of liberalism .
The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States stem directly from liberal doctrine .
The Constitution of the United States expresses the fear of governmental authority which is characteristic of liberalism .
It is designed , not for efficiency , but to safeguard liberty .
It shows distrust of all branches of government — of the president , of congress and of the courts and makes each a check upon the others .
The statement in the Declaration of Independence that " all men are created equal " was not intended to mean that they are equal in intelligence , in physical strength , in character or in any other respects in which individuals differ .
On the contrary , that statement means that under a just government , all men are equal under the law .
This new and revolutionary doctrine was a moral pronouncement and an affirmation of political belief in direct conflict with the principle of authority under which men are not equal under the law .
Under the rule of authority a man 's status in the social structure determines what laws apply to him and what he must obey .
Two examples will illustrate the point :
In France , before the French Revolution , the nobility and clergy were not subject to taxes imposed upon other classes of society .
In England , under the Statute of Artificers enacted in the reign of Queen Elizabeth , a common laborer or a skilled artisan was not permitted to leave his parish without the consent of his last employer .
The special privileges of French nobles and clergy and the discriminatory restraint upon the freedom of English workmen were based on their status in society .
This concept of status is in direct conflict with the liberal philosophy of equality under the law .
Today we can note a definite tendency in our law ( for which congress is chiefly to blame ) to abandon these liberal principles and to substitute for them the old , discredited , reactionary standards of personal justice and of status .
This tendency is most marked in some federal administrative agencies , such as the National Labor Relations Board , which act as prosecutor , judge and jury , unhampered by rules of evidence or ordinary principles of law .
Most of our courts try to follow " the rule of law " but a tendency is apparent , chiefly in our highest court , to substitute justice based upon class distinctions for equality under the law .
It is no longer the act alone that constitutes the crime but the act in relation to the status of the actor .
A striking example of this is found in the 1934 anti-racketeering law which was construed by the United States Supreme Court as not applying to labor unions .
Modern liberals , as the term is currently used in the United States , are faced with an inescapable moral and intellectual dilemma .
This dilemma arises from the fact that they are trying to go in two different directions at once and to follow two wholly conflicting and opposite philosophies of life .
Sincere , modern liberals do not deliberately desire to set up an authoritarian government .
All they want to do is to improve the lot of mankind .
They want everyone to be decently housed , decently fed , decently clothed , and they are willing to give government unlimited authority to accomplish desirable ends .
They wish to override individual liberties only when individual liberties hinder government in accomplishing results which they approve .
They want government to be powerful to do good without being powerful to do harm .
The weakness of a benevolent despotism is that there is no guarantee that it will remain benevolent .
The Social Welfare State , the modern liberals ' goal , is essentially a Germanic concept .
Bismarck was a pioneer in providing social security benefits in 1884 and fostered state - guaranteed insurance for workmen against sickness , accidents , old age and disability .
Karl Marx and Bismarck had much in common .
When Mina and Sam Chamberlin fell in love , they knew they might have to overcome some cultural barriers to make their interracial marriage work .
But they never imagined that their South Asian and white genetic backgrounds would in any way put their children in potential harm ’s way .
Then in September , the couple ’s 4 - year old daughter , Maya , was diagnosed with a rare blood disease known as HLH .
Only a bone marrow transplant could save her life .
That would be a nightmare for any parent .
But the Chamberlins ’ quest for a bone marrow donor is made especially difficult because their daughter is of mixed races .
Advertisement
“ It was so devastating , ” said Mina Chamberlin , a medical doctor who lives in Torrance .
“ The probability of finding a match is very , very low .
I can say it would be a miracle if we could find a perfect match . ”
People of multiracial backgrounds make up one of the fastest growing minorities in the country .
In Southern California , they represent the new face of an expanding melting pot .
It is not known how many racially mixed patients in the country are on waiting lists for bone marrow transplants .
But an estimated 6,000 people search the bone marrow registry every day for a match , and about 4,000 transplants are performed every year .
Of the 7 million potential bone marrow donors nationwide , about 28 % are from ethnic minorities , according to the National Marrow Donor Program , a Minneapolis - based nonprofit that provides assistance to transplant patients .
Only about 7 % of donors are of Asian and Pacific Islander descent ; people of mixed race represent a little more than 3 % of volunteers .
Advertisement
The pool of potentially mixed - race donors is made even more difficult because blood relatives of patients often do n’t qualify , and trying to find a volunteer with the right racial combination can be extremely tough , experts said .
Marrow transplants are also more complex than those involving organs .
“ With organs you can be a partial match and it ’ll still be successful , ” said Jill Kendall , program director for the Be the Match donor registry program at City of Hope hospital in Los Angeles .
“ But bone marrow produces the white blood cells which is [ part of ] your immune system .
It has to be a very close match if not identical match so your body does n’t reject it . ”
‘ Worst nightmare ’
The Chamberlins ’ daughter was diagnosed in September .
The family has been shuttling from one hospital to another all around Los Angeles ever since .
Advertisement
“ I felt like I was going to lose her any minute when she was in the ICU , with breathing tubes in her mouth and IV medications hanging all around her , ” said Mina , 40 , who is now with Maya at a Cincinnati hospital that specializes in transplants .
“ It is a mother ’s worst nightmare to see her child suffer like that .
There is no greater pain . ”
Despite the emotional toll Maya ’s illness has taken on the family , her parents are grateful that they have good insurance through her father , an engineer with a telecommunications company .
Mina is on leave as a fellow at the Harbor - UCLA Medical Center division of nephrology .
They are still hoping that a full donor will turn up before Maya must go ahead with partially matched marrow , which greatly diminishes her odds .
Mina said her daughter seems to understand her dilemma .
“ I was packing the other day and she said something extremely profound , ” Mina said .
“ She said , ‘ God can make me feel better if he wants to . ’
That was the biggest evidence that she has some understanding of what ’s going on . ”
Advertisement
Mina was born in India and came to the United States when she was 14 .
She met her husband , Sam , who is white , at a friend ’s engagement party in Chicago , where she was a medical student .
They married in 2001 .
“ I am the first one in my family to have married out of race , ” Mina said .
“ I knew he was the guy when my family did n’t scare him away . ”
The Chamberlins have two children , Maya and Jaden , 2 .
Initially , Maya ’s little brother was believed to be her best hope for a bone marrow match .
The Chamberlins were desperate after watching their daughter endure chemotherapy and endless steroid and seizure medications .
Advertisement
But there is only a 25 % to 30 % chance that a sibling will be a good match in such cases , and their hopes were soon dashed .
The severity of Maya ’s illness means she might have to go ahead with a transplant from a partially matching donor , her parents said .
It may be her best bet , given the odds of finding a more compatible donor .
“ Ideally you want the full match , ” Mina said .
“ But her status is urgent , she has a high risk for relapse .
Hopefully we can find something by January . ”
No matter what happens , the Chamberlins are on a crusade .
They have held donor drives at temples , churches , restaurants , universities and anywhere else where there is a gathering of people .
Advertisement
“ Our new goal in life , once this is over , is to make sure there are enough donors in the registry so nobody has to succumb to this disease , ” Mina said .
“ I do n’t think any kid , or adult , should have to die because there is n’t a donor . ”
‘ Totally painless ’
Cultural barriers and a lack of understanding about the safety of the transplant process continue to make donor recruitment an uphill battle in some minority communities , particularly among Asians , experts say .
Many Asian immigrants tend to frown on the idea of giving away part of the body because of misconceptions that donating marrow could make people sick or infertile or even take away part of the spirit .
Advertisement
“ People are willing to give a unit of blood because they know it will replenish itself , but they do n’t see the connection with bone marrow , ” Sharon Sugiyama , project director for Asians for Miracle Marrow Matches , or A3 M , a Los Angeles - based nonprofit that works to expand the donor pool among minority populations .
“ But it is replenished and very little is taken . ”
The good news for potential donors is that the testing and donation process have become less invasive .
Once a donor is chosen as a match , he or she could be asked to donate stem cells or marrow .
The former works more like a plasma donation , for which blood is drawn , separated and returned to the body .
A marrow donation is a surgical procedure that requires the drawing of marrow fluid from the back of the pelvic bone .
“ They all warned me about possible discomforts , ” said Ka Tong Gaw of Upland , who is ethnic Chinese and donated his stem cells to a teenager .
“ For me , it was a totally painless experience . ”
Advertisement
The biggest reward for Gaw , 67 , is that the Chinese American boy he helped bring back from the brink of death eight years ago is now in college , and they have kept in touch .
“ It ’s really worthwhile , ” Gaw said .
“ It ’s so little on my part , and it can actually save a life . ”
This kind of success story keeps hope alive for people like Krissy Kobata .
Half Japanese American , half white , Kobata has been waiting nearly two years for a donor .
Kobata , 27 , who grew up in West Los Angeles , was diagnosed last April with Myelodysplastic Syndrome , or MDS , which means her bone marrow stopped producing healthy cells .
Only a bone marrow transplant can reverse the condition .
Advertisement
Her older brother was her best shot for a match , but it did n’t happen .
Despite having a large and supportive extended family , most of them are not “ hapas , ” or people of mixed backgrounds .
Their chances of helping her are as slim as the chances of people in the general population .
The doctors ran Kobata ’s information against international databases in Japan , China , Korea and Europe .
Still , nothing came up .
“ I know someone who has been looking for 10 years , ” Kobata said .
“ I do n’t want to be looking for 10 years .
It ’s a fear I have for sure .
But you try to stay positive and keep registering people .
That ’s all you can do . ”
Advertisement
chingching.ni@latimes.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Up to 450,000 gallons ( 1.7 million litres ) of crude oil may have spilled from a tanker into a Texas port , the US Coast Guard says .
The spillage happened at Port Arthur , south - east Texas , following a collision between the tanker and a barge .
The port was closed and some nearby residents were evacuated for about seven hours .
There are no reports of any injuries resulting from the collision .
Reuters
BACK in the late 1970s , as Iran approached revolution and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi oscillated between conciliation and brutal repression , the more daring of his subjects peppered him with criticism and advice .
The open letters he received were couched in expressions of allegiance , yet diminished his aura , not least because they signalled to revolutionary forces the wavering sympathies of their authors .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's current absolute ruler , now has an in - tray full of such counsel .
And he has scorned it all .
Ever since last June 's disputed election , Mr Khamenei has striven to give an impression of firmness .
He began by upholding the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and dismissing calls by Mir Hosein Mousavi , the winner of the election to most independent minds , for the poll to be re-held .
Later , as the opposition “ green ” movement grew in strength , posing a challenge to the Islamic Republic in general and to Mr Khamenei 's sinecure , the “ guardianship of the jurist ” ( a cleric at the apex of government ) in particular , he let it be known through his ciphers that his critics ' only hope of leniency was to repent and throw themselves on his mercy .
The supreme leader 's inflexibility now looks like an error .
He has infuriated those moderate conservatives who recognise that the events of the second half of last year have changed Iran irrevocably , and who advocate concessions in the name of national unity .
Several times since June , politicians and clerics from Mr Khamenei 's conservative side of the political divide have proposed helpful measures such as freeing political prisoners , setting up an impartial election commission and pressing the state broadcasting monopoly to reduce its spectacular bias in favour of the government .
Apart from cooling tempers , these measures might have exposed divisions among Mr Mousavi 's supporters .
Mr Khamenei has dismissed them all .
The most significant contribution to the debate has now come in the form of a manifesto from abroad — from five exiles .
The quintet , Abdolkarim Soroush , Mohsen Kadivar , Ataollah Mohajerani , Akbar Ganji and Abdolali Bazargan , are far from being out of touch .
With the exception of Mr Bazargan , whose importance is partly symbolic — his father headed revolutionary Iran 's first government and is now fondly remembered as an opponent of extremism — the signatories are the pick of Iran 's public intellectuals .
They provided intellectual ballast for the reform movement that brought Muhammad Khatami to the presidency in 1997 , from which today 's green movement may be said to have sprung .
They left Iran relatively recently , and have realistic views of what is going on in the homeland .
Their manifesto may turn out to be of historic importance .
In it the five reiterated some old demands , notably for Mr Ahmadinejad 's resignation and fresh elections with impartial observers ; the lifting of restrictions on political , academic and media activity ; and the return to barracks of the Revolutionary Guard , with its vast economic and political interests .
The manifesto's most significant paragraphs concerned the future role of what it referred to as the “ despotic guardian ” , Mr Khamenei himself .
All the signatories have suffered at the hands of the supreme leader : he personally ended the ministerial career of Mr Mojaherani , for instance , and he approved the hounding of Mr Soroush , a brilliant lay theologian , into exile .
If the exiles ' manifesto were implemented , Iran would retain a supreme leader , but he would be elected for a fixed term and lose his ability to block parliamentary legislation through his proxy , the Guardian Council , and to appoint the country 's chief justice .
In short , he would become a turbaned version of the constitutional monarch for whom Iranian democracy - seekers have pined ever since the country won its first parliament in 1906 .
Mr Kadivar , a cleric who shot to notoriety two decades ago when he questioned the legality of the guardianship of the jurist , has indicated that the manifesto is designed to be implemented under Iran 's current constitution .
This may be read as a rebuff to those longstanding exile groups , monarchist and otherwise , who fondly hope for a role in dismantling — and replacing — the Islamic Republic .
On the contrary , Mr Kadivar seems to be saying , the job of building a new Iran will fall to the same reformists who have spent the past 15 years struggling for peaceful change .
The exiles ' manifesto may seem premature , given the vast apparatus of repression at the disposal of Messrs Khamenei and Ahmadinejad , and the indifference or hostility of millions of conservative Iranians to the green movement 's goals and methods .
To be fair , the five exiles recognise the need to broaden the movement 's appeal away from its main base , the urban middle class .
And they warn of the cumulative dangers posed by a disgruntled populace and a minority of powerful extremists who are ready to “ shed the blood of thousands of Iranians ” in order to remain in power .
A movement broadens
Last month 's funeral for Ayatollah Hosein Ali Montazeri , in religious terms Mr Khamenei 's most distinguished clerical opponent , may have marked a broadening of the movement along the lines suggested by the five exiles .
On December 21st , the day of the funeral , thousands of middle - class Tehranis converged on the holy city of Qom , a bastion of clerical conservatism .
In the streets outside Qom 's great shrine they joined forces with thousands of traditional , provincial Iranians , devout followers of Montazeri 's teachings and rulings , and shouted abuse at some of the Islamic Republic 's leading figures .
“ It was a big day for the city , ” commented one eyewitness .
“ People could n't believe they were hearing such slogans being shouted — in Qom , of all places . ”
With characteristic bad grace , Mr Khamenei banned mourning ceremonies for Montazeri in some provincial towns , several of which experienced violent demonstrations as a result .
No mention was made in the press of the ayatollah 's political profile — save in the supreme leader 's own , barbed message of condolence .
If the Qom demonstrations gave heart to the green movement , the turbulent protests that were held on December 27th , the anniversary of the martyrdom of the Prophet Muhammad 's grandson , were a reminder of the pitfalls of ill - discipline .
The demonstrators suffered heavy losses — at least eight dead and many more injured and arrested — but skilful manipulation by the state - dominated media meant that brutality by the baseej , the state militia under Mr Khamenei 's ultimate command , was overshadowed by the demonstrators ' own violent responses to the assaults , and by the virulence of their slogans against Mr Khamenei .
A movement that once prided itself on non-violence , and whose most inspiring marches were conducted in silence , seemed to be degenerating .
In the days that followed , the authorities and their media allies depicted the opposition as thuggish nihilists who had desecrated Shia Islam 's most solemn occasion .
State television endlessly replayed footage of protesters celebrating in front of a burning building , interspersed with triumphalist comment from such exiled counter - revolutionaries as the People 's Mujahideen Organisation — reviled by many Iranians for fighting on the Iraqis ' side during the war of 1980 - 83 — and the genial , if ineffective , elder son of the former Shah .
On December 30th participants in a big government - organised rally in central Tehran demanded that Mr Mousavi and his supporters should be executed for “ waging war on God ” .
Reuters
Hands up for Montazeri
For a while , it seemed inevitable that either Mr Mousavi or a lesser opposition figurehead , Mehdi Karroubi , would be arrested ; it was even possible , as parliamentarians , rabble - rousing clerics and conservative newspaper headlines piously demanded , that they would be executed .
The only conceivable reason for Mr Khamenei 's failure to countenance their arrest was his fear of turning adversaries into martyrs .
In the first week of January came an admonition .
Ezzatollah Sahabi , a veteran opposition figure , issued an open letter in which he warned the green movement not to slide towards “ radicalism and violence ” .
To excitable exiles who detect shades of 1978 - 79 in today 's convulsions , he advised against unrealistic hopes : “ A revolution in today 's Iran ” , he wrote , “ is neither possible nor desirable . ”
If moderate clerics and conservatives were forced to choose between a movement of radicals and the status quo , he predicted , they would choose stability .
Mr Sahibi's letter may have sobered up the green movement .
Just how much will become clear on February 11th , when opposition supporters intend to exploit the opportunity provided by official celebrations of the revolution 's anniversary , and take to the streets yet again .
Mr Mousavi , too , has cooled tempers by apparently going back on his earlier insistence that Mr Ahmadinejad 's government was illegal , and by saying that not all the opposition 's demands need to be met at once .
From an opposition perspective , Mr Khamenei 's aversion to imaginative thinking among his supporters has had the advantage of encouraging his adversaries to fill the gap , which they are now doing by articulating what they want , not simply what they oppose .
And for the moment , the most authoritative of those opposition voices — including the five exiles — favour a solution within the framework of the Islamic Republic .
The slipping mantle
People who know the supreme leader are unsurprised by his obduracy .
He spent the eight - year presidency of Muhammad Khatami , Iran 's only reformist president to date , obstructing far more innocuous measures than are now being proposed .
To make concessions under pressure , the ayatollah apparently believes , is a sign less of wisdom than of weakness .
So he has contented himself with vague calls for national unity , even as the baseej bash opposition heads and the nation 's prison officers gain notoriety as rapists and torturers .
Having survived more than two decades at the top of Iran 's power structure , Mr Khamenei is now looking acutely uncomfortable .
By refusing to countenance a fresh election in the aftermath of the June poll , he turned much of the ire that was being directed against his president against himself .
As recently as a few months ago , few Tehranis would have dared whisper “ Death to Khamenei ” .
Now that slogan has become a commonplace .
None of this means that the ayatollah is about to fall .
Strikes , which ended the shah 's regime , are so far confined to students boycotting exams .
No one in the opposition expects quick results .
In their manifesto , the five exiles foresee a lengthy period of dissent .
But many Iranians remain convinced less by democracy than by traditional notions of a just ruler , empowered by divine grace and legitimised as much by his ability to keep the country together as by his innate justice .
This summer , that mantle started to slip from Mr Khamanei 's shoulders .
It will take uncommon skill for him to stop it falling .
Jeanette Holden remembers her parents struggling to comprehend why her younger brother had autism .
Family vacations could be a desperate search for someone , anyone , who could give them some answers , and maybe cure the boy .
There 's even a vague memory of taking Jim , now 57 , somewhere in Europe they 'd been told had curative waters , in hopes of miraculously washing the autism away .
" Parents are so vulnerable , " says Holden , today a geneticist at Queen 's University specializing in autism .
" To find some answers , they cling to anything . "
As a scientist , Holden knows every rational reason why a discredited 1998 study , by Andrew Wakefield of London 's Royal Free Hospital , linking autism to vaccines is poor science – vaccines have no connection to autism , she says – but can find little fault in the families of autistic children who remain loyal to it .
" This does provide some sort of an answer , " she says .
Experts say last week 's retraction by The Lancet will do little to dissuade those who blame a measles , mumps and rubella ( MMR ) vaccination for their child 's autism , especially among those who see a conspiracy by MMR backers .
Since publication of Wakefield 's study , there has been a growing anti-vaccination movement around the world , attracting the likes of Hollywood actress and Playboy bunny Jenny McCarthy , and leading to a drop in vaccination rates and a jump in measles cases .
Dr. Evdokia Anagnostou , a child neurologist at Bloorview Kids Rehab , says parents who have become passionate activists on behalf of their kids with autism should not be too quickly dismissed .
" They have managed to bring a relatively uncommon disorder into the forefront , " says Anagnostou , who leads a clinical research program in autism at Bloorview .
" Money has been allocated to research because of activism , awareness campaigns have been launched because of activism .
It has been a huge advantage to the autism community to have parents who are activists . "
Holden says such families need hope to get them through the struggles of their daily lives , and science so far can offer little in the way of a direct cause - and - effect for autism – as the Wakefield study seemed to .
Sadly , she says , some parents might also want something or someone to blame , rather than believe that it could be their own family 's genes that gave their child the condition .
" We want everything to be perfect , " she says .
" And if something is n't , we do n't accept it as readily . "
Paul Offit , a Philadelphia pediatrician whose book Autism 's False Prophets takes aim at the anti- vaccination movement , says parents of his patients fear they are giving up on their child if they do n't look for a cause and a cure for autism .
That , he says , is where Wakefield came in .
" They love him because he offers them something , " Offit says .
Such willingness to believe junk science stems from an overall low scientific literacy , says University of Toronto astronomer and science education expert John Percy .
The Internet , he says , feeds people with all sorts of questionable facts and theories but does little to help them put it all together in a rational way .
" The shallowest learning is simply knowing facts , " he says , drawing on writings by the late education theorist Benjamin Bloom .
" The highest is being able to evaluate those facts . "
Offit warns that , besides the danger inherent in refusing vaccinations , parents in constant search for a cause and a cure risk delaying the all - important therapy that could help their autistic children lead a better life .
After his book came out two years ago , Offit was attacked by the anti-vaccination movement as a shill for the drug companies .
But he also received more than 800 letters and emails from parents of autistic children thanking him .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
They hoped that , if Wakefield 's study could be discredited , more time and money could go into finding the real cause of autism and into early detection of the condition , which would improve the lives of the children and their families .
He laments , however , that such work gets little attention .
It 's conclusions are slow in coming and complex , so elicit little public excitement – something Offit would like to see change .
" These are the real heroes , " he says .
" Not Wakefield . "
LONDON 
In an ambitious bid to revamp Britain ’s energy strategy , Prime Minister Gordon Brown awarded contracts to major energy companies that are to erect wind farms along Britain ’s coastline .
The project will be one of the biggest wind power initiatives anywhere in the world .
Beginning construction in 2014 , it promises to be a bold , even risky bet to erect thousands of turbines along Britain ’s 7,500 miles of turbulent waterfront .
For Mr. Brown , who remains embattled politically just months before a general election , the wind initiative also promises to burnish his environmental credentials and generate jobs , possibly as many as 70,000 by 2020 , at a time they are desperately needed .
Bringing the plan to fruition , however , will require solving technological complexities in building and maintaining the turbines in waters that are deeper ( often more than 100 feet ) , rougher and farther offshore ( in one case nearly 180 miles ) than ever attempted .
Promoted from the FanPosts by Kid Nate .
So , lately i've been thinking about how omnipresent an issue weight cutting ( & the pros / cons thereof ) is in MMA / Wrestling / Boxing etc. , and I thought i'd do a little research on the topic .
Partly inspired by Matt Pitt over at Sherdog 's " Fistic Medicine " column ( esp the articles about the science behind a KO , and the one about brain trauma in MMA / boxing ) , I think it would be interesting to see what kind of info I could dig up about weight cutting .
You always hear people talking about how weight cutting should be banned from the sport , how it 's bad for the athletes & gives an unfair advantage to wrestlers , etc etc ad nauseam .
However , after doing some rudimentary research via Google , here 's what I took away : cutting offers a 2 - pronged threat to an athlete , physical & mental .
The main physical threat being dehydration & the second ( in extreme cases ) being the possibility of hypothermic death ( either by heart attack or kidney failure ) .
Psychologically , the toll of an athlete nearly starving their bodies of food & water in the days leading up to the fight dramatically increases the risk of eating disorders , and causes serious hormonal imbalances & mood swings .
The picture on the right shows UFC fighter & behemoth lightweight Gleison Tibau , who allegedly cuts from the neighborhood of 190 pounds .
First , i'll delve into the problems dehydration presents .
Specifically , hypohydration , which refers to " dehydration induced prior to exercise " .
According to the US National Library of Medicine 's website ( Link - Effects of dehydration on exercise performance ) , weight cutting negatively effects aerobic endurance & reduces plasma volume :
The effects of hypohydration may vary , depending on whether it is induced through diuretics or sauna exposure , which substantially reduce plasma volume , or prior exercise , which has much less impact on plasma volume .
Hypohydration reduces aerobic endurance , but its effects on muscle strength and endurance are not consistent and require further study .
In Layman 's terms , weight cutting reduces your body 's ability to deliver oxygenated blood through your body because of reduced plasma volume , which negatively effects Cardio / aerobic endurance .
That 's why guys like Guida , Edgar , Faber , & WW Diego Sanchez have seemingly endless gas tanks while maintaining frantic tempos in their fights - because they do n't cut much weight .
BJ Penn has excellent cardio @ LW because he walks at around 165 during his training camps ;
You 'll never see Fedor gas , because he works very hard on his cardio & does n't have to deal with the strains of weight cutting .
The second ( and more rare , but severe ) health threat is from extreme weight cutting - and that is the possibility of death .
An incident in the late 90's with NCAA wrestlers opened eyes about this ( link to article - Cutting Weight ) :
In 1997 , three college wrestlers made national headlines , dying within 33 days of each other .
Coming from Michigan , North Carolina , and Wisconsin , these dedicated athletes died from the same cause : weight cutting .
In all three cases , the students experienced dehydration resulting in hypothermia after they layered on clothes and did endless workouts in heated rooms .
Unfortunately , they out - worked their bodies .
The perspiration they produced cooled them to the point of hypothermia resulting in heart attacks and kidney failure , all common effects of extreme weight cutting .
Basically , the gigantic weight cut attempted by these wrestlers were too much for their bodies to handle , and they died from heart attacks & kidney failure .
Now , some camps in MMA are renowned for their weight cutting abilities ( ATT comes to mind , with fighters like JZ , Tibau , Alves , Gouveia @ 185 , etc ) , but how much is too much ?
With Tibau allegedly cutting from 190+ , he 's losing upwards of 30 lbs - which is almost 15 % of his body weight , within the period of a month .
That 's just not healthy , and even though he has a decent size / strength advantage , he 's still lost to fighters such as Griffin , Nick Diaz , Joe Daddy , & Guillard .
Will there be a death or serious health incident in MMA because of extreme weight cutting ?
Finally , the psychological threat of eating disorders due to weight cutting is present .
Fighters , bodybuilders , wrestlers , etc are all known for eating & drinking next to nothing in the days / week preceding a match , shredding every available ounce of fat & water in order to have a size advantage .
What this does to the brain is bad , though .
It causes hormonal imbalances which cause mood swings , depression , & eating disorders .
In fact , in the " Weight Cutting " article , the writer talks about the positive correlation between cutting & eating disorders :
With 81 percent of wrestlers cutting weight , there are many unique methods to achieve the task ...
Consequently , they [ wrestlers ] account for three - quarters of male athletes with eating disorders .
Eating disorders claim 300,000 lives a year .
Do we really want our favorite athletes to suffer through the trauma of having bulimia , anorexia , etc ?
Guys like Fedor ( who is notoriously a little doughy around the midsection ) have said that , simply put , they are fighters & should n't have to worry about extreme dieting ; by eating healthy & exercising vigorously , Fedor is able to maintain a healthy psyche , and as we all know - it is his composure and mental unflappability that make him one of the greatest fighters of all time .
So that about sums it up .
I know that weight cutting will never truly be an issue that can be solved , but I do think it can be regulated ( for example , the NC athletic commission has a rule that says there can't be a 13 lb. differential between the weigh ins and the fight , something which the aforementioned Tibau is preparing for ) , as the NCAA has been doing as of late :
Following these deaths , the NCAA took steps to make wrestling safer by banning cutting techniques such as training in a room hotter than 80 degrees , self - induced vomiting , and extensive food or fluid restrictions .
Following the actions of the NCAA , even high schools have taken precautions .
The NCAA requires wrestlers to take hydration tests , checks their body fat , and restricts the amount of weight they can lose .
Thoughts ?
Comments ?
I 'd love some input =)
Science fiction has long played with the idea of projecting unified personalities / minds / " souls " into different bodies .
The premise is baked into the plots of stories like Avatar and Caprica .
But how would it work in the real world ?
Advertisement
That 's what the science of " embodied cognition " is all about .
The basic idea in this new ( ish ) research area ( which overlaps with cognitive psychology , neuroscience , artificial intelligence , robotics , and others ) is this :
Your mind is defined by your physical form .
Not just in terms of " the mind is what the brain does " - we all are pretty down with that already .
This takes it further to encompass the whole enchilada : your mind - your " I " - is a function of a cephalized , bipedal , plantigrade , bilaterally symmetrical body between 1.5 and 2 meters tall with two arms terminating in five - fingered hands with opposable thumbs , two lungs , a warm - blooded vascular system , mostly hairless skin , two front - focused eyes , etc. etc .
Change any aspects of that physical configuration - in subtle or radical ways - and the mind will inevitably change too .
That might sound a bit " no shit , Sherlock " at first blush , but it 's actually got profound implications about what it means to be recognizably human " on the inside . "
In fact , that very phrase might not even make sense .
After all , there 's no " little you " inside your body " looking out " , Terminator - style .
Your perceptions , actions and thoughts all feel direct , integrated , and grounded .
You do n't " drive " your body , you ARE it .
So why do we still assume that we might take that " little man " out and plop him into a different body to " look out of " , without any consequences ?
Advertisement
Take Avatar .
James Cameron stacked the deck by making the Na'Vi basically humanoid with a few cosmetic changes thrown in .
Then again , the Na'Vi are twice as tall as humans , have longer arms , fewer fingers , have bigger , wider - set eyes , and ears that can move independently .
Not to mention their prehensile plug - in - brain - tails , which add a major perceptual ( and explicitly cognitive , given how the Na'Vi " jack in " to the mass Eywa consciousness ) modality that has absolutely no analogue in the human body .
What would all of that feel like ?
What would that think like ?
( Not human , that 's for sure . )
The point is that through the lens of embodied cognition , those questions are just two sides to the same coin .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Of course , Avatar does n't go into any of that interesting territory ; it sticks with the " Jake Sully can effortlessly interchange between bodies on the fly " approach .
Granted , there is one minor scene showing Jake clumsily acclimating to his Na'Vi body - which makes sense , given that all his proprioperceptive expectations and instincts no longer apply .
But it 's more likely that the disorientation would be much more profound , and he probably would have needed some serious physical therapy before bounding off into the forest in his hospital gown .
His mind , his literal sense of self , would need time to retune and retrofit itself to his new body .
And the same thing would happen every time he jacked out of his Avatar body back into his human one .
What kind of unpredictable effects would that stress have on his mind , his " I " ?
OK - interesting to ponder , but maybe not the stuff of kickass action movies .
But still , it does point the way toward a much more interesting angle on Avatar 's " going native " plotline .
If you spent most of your waking hours embodied as a Na'Vi , how could you NOT be increasingly at risk of going native ?
Your essential psychological human - ness would inevitably drift and deform - Hell , without some kind of mitigating mechanism , Sigourney Weaver 's character should have gone off the reservation long before Sully even showed up .
( At the very least , this could have provided a more intriguing reason for how and why Jake went turncoat against his own species so damn fast . )
Advertisement
And what if your " avatar " was n't something blue and sexy , but much less humanoid ?
District 9 went a little deeper to this territory in depicting Wikus 's metamorphosis into a Prawn .
The ideas of embodied cognition also enable a much more bittersweet interpretation of the movie 's ending :
By the time Christopher comes back to Earth , years later , with the means to fully " re-humanify " Wikus , that very procedure would be meaningless :
Wikus will have spent so long embodied as a Prawn that he would no longer BE human " on the inside . "
Embodied cognition also gives realistic credence to a scenario like that in Ender 's Game , which depicts humanity in an accidental war to the death with a species of insectile " buggers . "
The buggers are clearly sapient and / or sentient , but utterly , opaquely alien - so much that their most basic assumptions about neutral communication with another species ( us ) come off as murderously hostile .
Situated in an entirely different morphology , emerging from an entirely evolutionary heritage ( more akin to stigmergic insects than autonomous mammals ) , the buggers ' " hive mind " was not even recognizable or meaningful to humans as such .
Advertisement
But wait , there 's more : Embodied cognition also gives a somewhat ominous real - world context to Orson Scott Card 's ingenious " hierarchy of alien - ness " ( which he invented to categorize the various intelligences in his Ender saga ) .
If psychology and consciousness are defined by the body , it may very well be that any species we might consider " ramen " ( ie , Card 's term for " capable of meaningful communication , " not instant noodles ) would necessarily have to be very , very close to humanoid in physical form - and that the further any species diverges from that , the more likely they are to be " varelse " - intelligent , but completely opaque to communication or human understanding ( an extreme example being the sentient planet in Solaris ) .
In any case , I want to read / see / watch more science fiction that takes these powerful ideas into account .
I 've seen bits here and there .
Asimov's " Bicentennial Man " goes there , sort of , in presenting a robot that becomes more and more " phenomenally human " as his physical body is gradually upgraded to match real human anatomy .
And Peter Watts 's Rifters trilogy ( especially the first book , Starfish ) touches on this intelligently as well : the characters are physically modified to be able to breathe seawater at the bottom of the ocean , and , not surprisingly , " going native " ( essentially becoming more fishlike , mentally , than human ) is an ongoing concern in the plot .
Advertisement
An earlier version of this post appeared here , and you can learn more about the author here .
DRIVE4COPD was the COPD Foundation ’s landmark public health initiative whose mission was to raise awareness of COPD , drive earlier diagnosis through risk screening , champion access to needed care and services , and advance efforts to help people with COPD live full and productive lives .
The campaign worked to help individuals determine their risk and recognize the signs and symptoms of COPD so that they were empowered to take action .
Working alongside NASCAR ® - one of the most influential sports organizations in North America - DRIVE4COPD was designated as the " Official Health Initiative of NASCAR ® " .
Through the partnership with NASCAR , the DRIVE4COPD campaign reached out to Fortune 500 businesses as well as more than 75 million fans annually both online and through special at - track events and races .
Today we continue the effort through our digital campaign and urge all Americans aged 35 or older to take a brief , five - question screener to see if they might be at risk for COPD .
If the screener indicates risk , patients are encouraged to take the next step and speak with their healthcare professional to discuss what their score could mean .
NASCAR ® is a registered trademark of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing , Inc .
Opinion by Anthony Watts
There has never been a time at WUWT that I ’ve used the word “ slimy ” in a headline .
This is a special case .
I thought of about a half dozen words I could have used and finally decided on this one .
I chose it because of precedence in a similar situation where Steve McIntyre wrote his rebuttal to a similar piece of amateur journalism entitled Slimed by Bagpuss the Cat Reporter .
Last week , the Guardian invited me to participate in their new online story forum .
They were seeking the input from climate sceptics on issues they were writing about .
They especially wanted my input .
I said I ’d consider it , but was a bit hesitant given the Guardian ’s reporting history .
But , after some discussion with one of the reporters , it seemed like a genuine attempt at outreach .
I suggested that if they really wanted to make a gesture that would make people take notice , they should consider banning the use of the word “ denier ” from climate discourse in their newspaper .
Nobody I know of in the sceptic community denies that the earth has gotten warmer in the past century .
I surely do n’t .
But we do question the measured magnitude , the cause , and the scientific methods .
Now , any progress that has been made in outreach by the Guardian has been dashed by the most despicably stupid newspaper article I ’ve ever seen about climate skeptics .
The Guardian for some reason thought it would be a good idea to print it while at the same time trying to reach across the aisle to climate skeptics for ideas .
Needless to say , they ’ve horribly botched that gesture with the printing of this article .
Here ’s the headline and link to the Guardian article :
Climate sceptics are recycled critics of controls on tobacco and acid rain
It ’s full of the kind of angry , baseless , stereotypical innuendo I ’d expect Joe Romm to write .
Instead , the writer is Jeffrey D Sachs .
who is professor of economics and director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University , home to NASA GISS .
And it ’s not just the Guardian .
Apparently this article has been shopped around .
It made it into The National in Abu Dhabi which you can read here .
Apparently the article from Columbia ’s Sachs was distributed by an outfit called The Project Syndicate .
A check of their website show the author list , some of the stories they are pushing to media , and they seem to be rather vague about where their money comes from .
In their contact and support page all they offer is a PO box for their HQ in Prague : Project Syndicate PO Box 130 120 00 Prague 2 Czech Republic
So much for transparency .
Back to the article .
After reading it , one can see that Sachs is simply repeating the same sort of drivel we get from trolls every day on climate science discussions .
Baseless accusations of being involved with deep pockets , connections to tobacco , denial of links to cancer , and other assorted decades old slimy talking points that have nothing to do with the real issue at hand : scientific integrity in climate science .
It is clear that professor Sachs did n’t do any original research for this article , he simply repeated these same slimy talking points we see being pushed by internet trolls and NGO ’s like Greenpeace .
He provided no basis for the claims , only the innuendo .
It ’s a pathetic job of journalism .
It ’s doubly pathetic that the Guardian allowed this to be printed at a time when they were reaching out to skeptics .
It seems incomprehensible to Sachs and others like him that people like myself , Steve McIntyre , Jeff Id , Joe D’Aleo , John Coleman , and others who write about climate science issues might have original thoughts and do original research of our own .
It seems impossible to him that an “ army of Davids ” , such as the readers and contributors to CA and WUWT , could shake the money bloated foundations of climate science today with daily blog posts , FOI requests , and commentary .
No it had to be big money funding these skeptics somewhere .
Newsflash :
It ’s worse than you thought .
It ’s a growing revolution of like minded people worldwide that want to see the climate science done right and without the huge monied interests it has fallen prey to ..
Tobacco , big oil , and other assorted contrived boogeymen have n’t anything to do with skeptics that question CRU , GISS , NOAA , etc.on these pages and the pages of other blogs .
Oh sure they ’ll say “ but you went to the Heartland convention , and they took money from Exxon once , they defended smokers rights , that makes you complicit . ”
Bull .
I ’ve made my objections loudly known to Heartland on these issues , but the fact is that no other organizations stepped up to help skeptics with a conference to exchange information .
While people like Sachs were denouncing “ deniers ” , and Al Gore was leading multimillion dollar media campaigns saying we were “ flat earthers ” and “ moon landing deniers ” , no scientific organizations were stepping forward to ask the tough questions , or to even help regular people like you and me who were asking them .
Had any such scientific organization had the courage , you can bet that skeptics would have flocked there .
Instead these organizations all got on the consensus bandwagon .
The claims made that skeptics are connected to tobacco companies is ludicrous .
It is especially ludicrous in my case .
So here ’s my challenge to Professor Sachs .
Give me ten minutes in a room with you .
That ’s all I need .
I ’ll tell you about my story related to tobacco .
I ’ll tell you how secondhand smoke most likely contributed to my profound hearing loss through a series of badly treated ear infections as a child , I ’ll tell you about my efforts to get my parents to stop smoking , and then , I ’ll tell you how I watched both of my parents die of tobacco related disease .
I ’ll tell you what I think of tobacco products and companies .
I ’ll tell you to your face .
I promise you it wo n’t be pretty , I promise you that you ’ll feel my pain caused by tobacco .
Finally , I ’ll tell you what I think of you for writing this crap you market as journalism without asking leading skeptics any questions , but instead relying on this slimy innuendo that ’s been repeated for years .
Professor Sachs , contact me by leaving a comment if you have personal integrity enough to hear it .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
How big is Apple 's new iDataCenter in Maiden , North Carolina ?
It 's plenty big , as illustrated by this aerial video posted to YouTube ( apparently taken by an area realtor ) of the 500,000 square foot facility .
The new $ 1 billion data center will be nearly five times the size of Apple 's existing 109,000 square foot Newark , Calif .
facility , and is seen as a key component of Apple 's cloud computing strategy .
The video is brief ( about 35 seconds ) , but provides an interesting perspective on the new facility :
Apple 's data center in Maiden is expected to provide the back - end for a larger move into cloud computing , with most speculation focusing on a shift of iTunes user libraries from user desktops to online storage .
For those just joining this story , here 's a summary of our reporting on Apple 's new facility :
Can this video tell us anything interesting about Apple 's data center design and what 's happening inside the facility ?
Have a look at the video and share your insights and theories in the comments .
> import Data .
List > import Control .
Monad
The following question appeared as part of a numbers - based puzzle in the 2010 MIT Mystery Hunt :
His final level on Wizard of Wor was equal to the smallest number that can be written as the sum of 4 non -zero squares in exactly 9 ways
I 'd like to explore constraint search in Haskell to solve this problem .
The hope is to find a ( search ) program that directly reflects the problem as posed , and also gives us an answer !
Because we are looking for the smallest number , it makes sense to start testing from a small number and start counting up .
We 'll assume that the answer to this question wo n't overflow Int .
Now , we need to test if it can be written as the sum of 4 non -zero squares in exactly 9 ways .
This problem reduces to " how many ways can n be written as the sum of squares " , which is another search problem .
We 'll assume that 4+1+1+1 and 1+4+1+1 do n't constitute distinct for the purposes of our nine squares .
This results in the first piece of cleverness : if we impose a strict ordering on our squares , we once again get uniqueness .
We also need to bound our search space ; while fair search can help to some degree with infinite failure , our implementation will be much simpler if we can do some early termination .
A very simple condition to terminate on is if the sum of the squares exceeds the number we 're looking for .
Considering the case where we are matching for x , and we have candidate roots a , b and c .
Then , the maximum the remaining square can be is x - a ^2 - b^2 - c^2 , and the maximum value for d is the floor of the square root .
Square roots are cheap , and we 're using machine size integers , so things are good .
> floorSqrt :: Int ->
Int > floorSqrt = floor .
sqrt .
fromIntegral > > sumSquares :: [ Int ] ->
Int > sumSquares as = sum ( map ( ^2 ) as ) > > rootMax :: Int -> [ Int ] ->
Int > rootMax x as = floorSqrt ( x - sumSquares as )
From there , we just write out the search for distinct sums of squares of a number :
> searchSumFourSquares :: Int -> [( Int , Int , Int , Int ) ] > searchSumFourSquares x = do > a <- [ 1..( rootMax x [ ] ) ] > b <- [ a..( rootMax x [ a ] ) ] > c <- [ b..( rootMax x [ a , b ] ) ] > d <- [ c..( rootMax x [ a , b , c ] ) ] > guard $ sumSquares [ a , b , c , d ] == x > return ( a , b , c , d )
And from there , the solution falls out :
> search :: Maybe Int > search = findIndex ( ==9 ) ( map ( length . searchSumFourSquares ) [ 0.. ] )
In previous attacks , acid was thrown from buildings onto pedestrians
Nine tourists and a child were among 30 people injured in an acid attack in a busy street in Hong Kong .
More than 100 people have been injured in similar attacks since December 2008 when bottles of acid were dropped from buildings in a pedestrian zone .
The latest attack was at the Temple Street night market in Yau Ma Tei when two bottles were thrown , state broadcaster RTHK reported .
The 30 people suffered light injuries and were treated in hospital .
Police were investigating , with firemen also on the scene , but no arrests had been made , AFP reported .
In December six people were injured when a bottle of acid was thrown down a street in Causeway Bay , a shopping hub which was packed with people celebrating the Hong Kong football team 's victory over Japan in the East Asian Games final .
Police have previously offered 1.5 million Hong Kong dollars ( £ 120,000 ; $ 190,000 ) for useful information on the attacks .
A rooftop camera network was set up over Mong Kok , the site of one attack , but has failed to catch those responsible .
This has my in stitches every time , I seriously have thisstrip bookmarked for when I 'm in a bad mood .
I love how it's all desolate and peaceful one minute , then BAM WORM OF THE APOCALYPSE !
The lovely colourful cake always cheers me up as well .
To be honest , I was never keen on origami hearts ( or roses for that matter ) for a fairly long time because it was hard to accept the way they look — I find them too edgy and not very loving .
Well that ’s all in the past .
My perception has changed ( and I ’m so glad ) .
I have embraced their looks and I will admire them as they are .
I ’ve been on a folding spree over the new year break , particularly enjoying making heart after heart , starting with :
1. Origami heart ring
The ring design is by Hiroshi Kumasaka [ 熊坂浩氏 ] .
I use a 7.5 cm/2.95 ″ square to make a size 5 ring .
As a rough guide add 2.5 cm to the circumference ( of the finger ) to determine the length of the paper .
Say , if the finger circumference is 6 cm , the paper size should be about 8.5 cm .
Make bigger rings to use as napkin ring , bangle , scroll tie , bottle tag , etc .
1 . Use a square and divide it into one - eighth .
2 . Fold in half vertically .
3. Unfold .
Fold towards the 2/8 crease .
Crease .
4 . Turn over .
5 . Fold 2 triangles to meet the vertical centre .
6 . Fold the peak behind as shown .
7 . Lift up the flap .
8. Flatten to a triangle .
Repeat on other side .
9 . Bring the edge marked “ A ” to align with vertical centre .
10 . Crease .
11 . Repeat on other side .
12 . Fold down a tiny bit on both peaks .
13 . Fold up the remaining 1/8 folds , one on another .
14 . Turn over .
15 . Bend and slip the left band into the right ( or vice versa ) .
16 - 17 .
Slip the end into the nearest slot .
My preference is to hide those 2 flappy peaks ( from step 12 ) inwards .
2. 2 - sided heart
Totally in love with this heart by Matthew Gardiner which looks identical both front and back .
You got try it to believe !
Notes :
Crease well .
Bring up the sides to meet in the centre , which should result in a square base .
Then fold down the base in half for the heart to show up .
3. Easy heart
Followed this tutorial which uses a piece of triangle paper ( i.e. the diagonal half of a square ) .
4. Change of heart
Designed by Kathleen Weller for a dollar bill .
Features kite - like folds in the middle to hold a coin .
Truly brilliant .
1. Paper length should be > 2 x longer than its breath .
2 . Fold a triangle at both ends .
Crease well .
3. Unfold .
4. Repeat step 2 on opposite sides .
5. Unfold .
Identify A and B .
6 . Push in the triangles A and B .
7 . Let them contact in the middle .
8 . Press the top triangle down .
9. Repeat on other end .
10 .
Fold up a triangle .
Crease .
11 . Open up the triangle from step 10 .
12 . Flatten to become a square .
13 .
On the square , fold in 2 smaller triangles .
14 . Open up the triangles and flatten as shown .
15 . Repeat steps 10 to 14 on the other three sides .
16 . Carefully fold in half .
Crease .
17 -18 .
Open up .
Lift up the right section .
19 .
Bring it to align right next to the left section .
20 . Lift up the right section again .
21 . Fold in corner triangles .
22 . Bring the right section back down .
23 . Fold a portion behind .
24 . Turn over .
25 - 26 .
Fold in the sides .
Turn over .
Other hearts to heart :
Simple heart using dollar bill / rectangle paper
Single heart with front pocket
Page marker cum 4 - leaf clover leaf
Lover ’s ring by Franics Ow ( demo )
Pull - apart card
Gallery of hearts based on designs by Francis Ow
plus
Amazing hearts with either a crane , boat , plane , house , lips , diary and much more !!
[ p.s . Kindly refrain from sharing the entire tutorial on your blog / website , please direct your readers over here to view the steps .
Thank you . ]
RANTINGS OF A FORMER TRIMET BUS DRIVER
A private collection of material focusing on the never ending joys of the Trimet industrial complex - Follow the Twitter feed for complete coverage and trimet scanner calls https://twitter.com/AlYourPalster
Apparently , AT&T CEO
Ralph de la Vega 's recent remarks concerning the carrier 's plans to " incentivize " mobile data hogs to cut back on their usage rates are n't sitting well with AT&T customers .
Shocker .
Fake Steve Jobs , for one , has had enough of AT&T 's excuses .
After penning a colorful post on why AT&T is taking the wrong stance , the Fake Steve Jobs , a.k.a.
Dan Lyons , has taken to his widely read blog — written in the assumed voice of Apple 's head honcho — to publicly call for a customer backlash via a digital flash mob .
The mission ( written as though dreamed up by Apple engineers ) is dubbed Operation Chokehold , and it 's designed to encourage iPhone owners to use the most data - intensive apps for a full hour starting at 12 p.m. PST on Friday , December , 18 , 2009 .
The ultimate goal being to bring down the network and " send the message to AT&T that we are sick of their substandard network and sick of their abusive comments . "
The false Jobs writes :
" The engineers have asked me to serve as a kind of communications director for their efforts — soliciting ideas on what apps to use ( Pandora may not be the best ) and how to refine the attack on the network .
If anyone has ideas , use the comment strings .
Tell your friends .
Get people involved .
We have five days to create a movement and plan a major assault .
As the Portuguese said during the Obama campaign : Si , se puede . "
We 're not too sure how many people will take this revolt seriously or follow the impostor 's lead .
We do know , however , that the blog has an active following and that there are probably enough livid AT&T customers to take part and make a dent in AT&T 's service .
Of course , we should not forget that bringing down a network the size of AT&T could have disastrous implications .
Still , we 're curious to know what you think of the crusade and whether or not you 're going to participate .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , albertc111 .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Israel launched air strikes in the Gaza Strip on Tuesday hitting tunnels along the border with Egypt and an abandoned airport , officials on both sides said .
Palestinians walk past a smuggling tunnel destroyed in an Israeli air strike , near the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip February 3 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
There were no reports of injuries from what witnesses said were five missiles fired by Israeli air force fighter jets at an airport is not operational and on tunnels Israel says are used to smuggle weapons into the coastal territory .
An Israeli army spokesman confirmed the attacks took place saying the air strikes targeted two sites where tunnels were dug to help gunmen infiltrate from Islamist Hamas - ruled Gaza into Israel and to smuggle in weapons from Egypt .
The strikes were in response to two explosive devices that washed up on Israel ’s coastline the previous day , and rockets fired at Israel , including one that slammed into a farming area on Tuesday causing no injury , the Israeli spokesman said .
The attacks came shortly after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told a news conference alongside Italy ’s Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi that Israel would respond to the explosives found on the country ’s Mediterranean beaches .
Palestinian militants from the Israeli - blockaded territory claimed responsibility for what Israel described as an unusual type of attempted attack .
Most attacks from Gaza in the past few years have been by rocket shootings at Israeli towns .
The Islamic Jihad group said it had floated the explosives out to sea in a joint operation with two other groups including the al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ’s Fatah movement .
Hamas , a Palestinian group that seized control of Gaza in 2007 , has largely reined in its own militants since a devastating war with Israel a year ago in which 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed .
In a separate development , an Arab resident of an Israeli town was spotted wandering toward the Gaza border , an Israeli military official said .
The same man has made previous attempts to illegally cross into Egypt and Jordan , and was believed to be mentally unstable , the official added .
Palestinian witnesses said Hamas police officials took the man into custody after he crossed into Gaza .
There were no further details immediately available about the case .
LA Times
The Dodgers are excited to begin the road to their first World Series in 32 years , even without fans in a weirdly quiet stadium against a mediocre opponent .
( CNN ) --
The president of ConocoPhillips Alaska was killed in an avalanche and another person in his snowmobiling party is missing , according to Alaska State Troopers .
Rescuers recovered the body of Jim Bowles near Spencer Glacier shortly after police received a 911 call at 12:30 p.m. Saturday , said troopers spokesperson Megan Peters .
" When he was found CPR was attempted but [ he ] could not be revived , " she said .
Bowles , 57 , was apparently out with friends snowmobiling in the Grandview wilderness area .
Rescuers are trying to find Alan Gage , who is thought to have been buried in the avalanche , Peters said .
Bowles was the head of Alaska operations for the oil company .
" He was a very avid outdoorsman and sportsman , an athlete , " said longtime friend Randy Hagenstein , the executive director of Alaska 's Nature Conservancy .
Bowles served on the board , helping the organization with fundraising and strategy .
" He told me a few weeks ago that he and a bunch of buddies had been doing some snow machining and he was hoping to do more , " said Hagenstein .
" He loved Alaska .
He loved being out there . "
Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell issued a statement saying he and his wife Sandy " were deeply saddened " to hear about Bowles ' death .
" Jim brought so much to our state : his love of the great outdoors , his leadership of ConocoPhillips Alaska , and his dedication to making Alaska a better place for all of us to call home , " the statement read .
In a separate incident , miles from Spencer , another avalanche killed a skier Saturday afternoon .
A woman who saw the accident called 911 while her husband was able to locate the skier 's body .
A dog accompanying the skier survived the avalanche , authorities said .
Between mid-February and mid-March warm temperatures cause layers of snow to become unstable .
The fame of Howard Zinn , who died a week and a half ago , rested on his long record of challenging the status quo .
As a young professor , he was a leader of the civil rights and antiwar movements , and throughout his career he was an inveterate demonstrator and speaker at rallies and strikes .
His writings brought formerly obscure events like Bacon ’s Rebellion , the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 , and the Philippine - American War into the light , arguing that such popular uprisings - and their brutal suppression - were central to the American story .
It ’s a vision that resonated with readers : Zinn ’s 1980 book , “ A People ’s History of the United States , ” has sold more than 2 million copies .
Zinn was an unabashed political radical , but much of the appeal of his work stemmed from something conceptual :
He took a story that generations of American schoolchildren had had drilled into them and he turned it on its head .
Rather than the Founding Fathers or politicians and generals , he saw the nation ’s fed - up farmers , rebellious slaves , women ’s libbers , labor leaders , and other agitators as our national heroes .
By taking history outside the halls where treaties are signed and bills debated and instead writing the story from the streets , he cast a new light on
a familiar narrative , exposing elements - about the costs of the country ’s expansion , the mixed motives of its founders , and the role of its suppressed dissenters - that the traditional narrative had left in shadow .
Zinn was not the first to upend the traditional historical narrative in this way ; his bottom - up vision of history drew heavily on the work of previous generations of revisionist historians .
What Zinn did in his “ People ’s History ” was stitch that work together into an overarching narrative and give it a polemical edge .
Yet Zinn ’s work remains a testament to the power of vantage point , an example of how coming at a familiar set of historical facts from a different angle can completely change what we know about them .
And today , historians of all stripes are applying that lesson in new and fascinating ways .
These scholars are not the heirs of Zinn , politically or intellectually , but their work shares his conviction that we can and should see the past anew .
Washington ( CNN ) --
As a major White House meeting on health care reform approaches this week Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid acknowledged Tuesday that he may use a controversial parliamentary shortcut to bypass GOP opposition and pass a bill .
The fast - track approach , known as reconciliation , would allow Democrats to pass the bill with just 51 votes , not the 60 usually required to overcome a filibuster .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said Democrats are being " arrogant " because the American people do n't want a giant health care overhaul , but Democrats still plan to " use any parliamentary device to jam it through a reluctant Congress . "
" It 's hard for us to quite understand why , with reconciliation being planned , we 're having a meeting which is allegedly designed to engender some bipartisan agreement , " said the No. 2 Senate Republican , Jon Kyl of Arizona .
Reid bluntly warned Republicans to " stop crying " about the shortcut because Republicans have used the same procedure many times in the past , he said .
" They should stop crying about reconciliation as if it 's never been done before .
It 's done almost every Congress , and they 're the ones that used it more than anyone else , " he said .
Reid noted that reconciliation has been used 21 times since 1981 .
CNN Political Ticker : White House has ' loser mentality '
Before their weekly policy lunch in the Capitol on Tuesday , several Democrats said they support using reconciliation .
" I do n't look at it as jamming it through .
I do n't look at it that way at all , " said Sen. Jon Tester of Montana , a moderate .
He said it was a matter of " simple majority . "
" What we want is an up or down vote on things , " said Sen.
Debbie Stabenow , D - Michigan , who is more liberal .
" Filibusters are n't about an up or down vote on things .
Reconciliation is just one of the processes of getting things done that involves a majority vote . "
Sen . Evan Bayh , D - Indiana , and Sen. Joe Lieberman , I - Connecticut -- famous for their desire to work across the aisle -- also appeared to support the idea .
" Obviously , if the minority is just frustrating progress , that argues for taking steps to get the public 's business done , " Bayh said .
House Democrats also indicated that they are preparing to use reconciliation to pass health care .
California Rep. Lynn Woolsey , D - California , said Tuesday that " reconciliation will be our platform .
It has to be reconciliation . "
But Woolsey said elements of the bill that cannot be voted on under the budgetary procedure would be set aside and voted on later in a separate bill .
Moderate Virginia Democratic Rep. Gerry Connolly pushed back on the notion that using the procedure circumvents the legislative process , as House Republicans have charged .
" If it 's done , it will be done in broad daylight and I think it 's fairly clear what might be in it now , " Connolly said .
Connolly , who served as a congressional aide to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in the 1980s , pointed out that Republicans have used reconciliation to pass several major policy initiatives .
" More often than not Republicans have used reconciliation to try to affect their agenda , so what 's good for the goose ought to be good for the gander , " he said .
Not all Democrats are expected to support reconciliation .
conservative Democrat Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas has already said she will not .
Ahead of the White House - led meeting Thursday -- a last - chance effort to build bipartisan consensus for the legislation -- the deep division between the two parties was clear as Reid and McConnell spoke about their visions of health care reform .
" You will not see from us a 2,700 - page comprehensive rewrite of one - sixth of the economy , " said McConnell , who argued for smaller , targeted reforms that would lower costs .
Reid countered : " We need major health care reform .
That 's what the people of America want .
They want health care reform , not some Band - Aid . "
Here is an interesting email from " David " in response to Six - Figure Federal Salary Gravy Train .
The response was not what I expected when I first saw the Email .
David Writes :
Hello Mish .
I read your article about the salaries of government workers compared with the private sector .
I am a police officer .
I wo n't say where , let 's just say it 's one of the most expensive cities .
I am 29 years old and I make about $ 130 k a year with overtime .
Most of the officers make this and some even make $ 185 k a year .
A few supervisors in Internal Affairs have made of $ 200 k along with detective sergeants .
To be honest , I think our salaries are totally out of touch with not only the private sector , but with America .
It 's absolutely ridiculous .
When I became a police officer we were all making way below what private sector employees made .
I took the job knowing I will never be rich but knowing I will have a stable job with benefits .
Little did I know my union would secure very good contracts at the expense of pillaging the public .
This can not go on .
I have studied and read Robert Prechter 's Conquer The Crash book and how he ( and you also ) say we will have a deflationary collapse .
I agree totally .
I 'm just paying off debt while the going is good and have put most of my money in gold ( at $ 800 an ounce ) .
I 'll probably sell that gold soon because it 's getting popular in the media and on the radio .
So yes , I just wanted to let you know that these govt / federal / state jobs are ridiculous .
I know because I have one .
90 % of the workers sit around and work for about 2 hours throughout the day and get paid 6 figure salaries .
They have full benefits and pensions , 6 week vacation plans , and sick days galore .
It 's gotten to the point where the private sector cannot compete because these senators keep bringing home the pork for these bloated corporations with unions .
The small business man can never compete .
This is socialism at its worst that has crept into America over the past quarter century .
Anyway , like I said , I can not complain .
I 'm making a mid six figure salary as a police officer but at the same time my cost of living as a percentage of what I make is more than middle America .
The only way for this to be cleaned out is either massive deflation and total collapse , or a currency collapse .
Either way , one of these scenarios has to happen if we are to gain control of our country again .
It will be painful , but it needs to happen .
If we go on like this we will turn into the Dominican Republic where most are poor except for the elite rich .
US citizens better wake up .
They voted for a fraud who is a blatant con artist looking to sell America down the river by loading us up with debt .
Little does he know all this debt will be defaulted on .
Thanks for reading !
David
Email From DOE Employee
Hello Mish
Hi Mike , I enjoy your analysis very much , well done .
I have been an employee of the DOE for 10 years and I was in the private sector for 20 years before that .
Working for the federal government has been an eye opening stunner for me .
Not only are many nitwits paid well over $ 100,000 a year ( I call this welfare for the educated ) but many of these employees do n't even bother showing up for work .
Senator Tom Coburn did an official study on this : Missing in Action : AWOL in the Federal Government .
The Washington Post commented on the report in Absenteeism Report Irks Federal Employees .
Also see Report Highlights Growing Trend of Federal Employees Missing in Action
2.8 Million Hours of Work Lost Per Year Because of AWOL Absences .
The federal government has 2.6 million civilian workers , making it the nation 's largest employer .
But , it turns out a growing number of these workers are not working .
" People have just flat not shown up for work , " said Sen .
Tom Coburn , R - Okla .
" My question is :
If people are n't showing up for work , why are they still employed by the federal government ? "
Shocked at $ 100,000 folks never showing up to work , I opened a whistle blower case with the DOE .
Stupid me , thinking that folks not showing up to work and not actually performing any work would be a problem solved in a jiffy .
A year and a half later , the problem persists , even after the colleagues of these folks told the auditors that these folks do no work .
Amazingly it was turned into a telecommute problem !
If I had n't seen this problem with my own eyes , I simply would n't believe it myself .
Enjoy the Coburn study .
I should remain anonymous .
" MM " ( not her real initials )
Salaries and Pensions Out of Line
Five Massive Problems
With 10 - year treasuries yielding 3.55 % there is no reasonably safe way to assume 8 % returns .
The only way to get 8 % is to take a lot of risk .
If teachers want that risk , then teachers , not taxpayers should take the hit when risk blows sky high again ( which it will ) .
An 11 % return for the next 10 years is simply not going to happen .
Nor is a 38 % one - year return followed by a string of 8 % returns .
All of these plan assumptions were put in place in the biggest credit expansion and PE expansion in history .
They simply are not valid .
The Teachers ' association will be lucky to get 6 % a year for the next ten years , very lucky in fact .
The odds of another huge stock market dip in 2010 or 2011 are huge .
The odds of another recession in the next 10 years are also huge .
Heck , the odds of double - dip recession in 2010 or 2011 are very substantial .
Fundamentally , a huge wave of boomer retirement is coming up , and those retirees will be drawing down funds and lowering lifestyles , not contributing and consuming more .
Moreover , global wage arbitrage still has not played out and there is huge downward pressure on wages and jobs .
Structurally , unemployment will remain high for a decade .
And finally , consumer attitudes towards debt and risk have reached a secular peak and have turned .
That is not a backdrop for a huge bull market in equities .
Pension plans better figure this out and act accordingly or they are going to dig themselves an even deeper hole .
Hopefully this post was a good starting guide to the Neo4j ecosystem .
As always , please ask any questions on the mailing list or come hang out with us in the # neo4j channel on IRC .
Spread the love
Sex has become part of the life .
If you are doing sex twice in the month then you can obtain thousands of benefits .
There is thousands of porn websites are out there that are providing the fantastic videos such as hardcore , romantic and seducing as well .
Most of the experts claim that the internet has become one of the most popular for porn as compared to other things .
More than 82 million people are using the porn sites .
However , as per reports America has become one of the most popular buyers of the porn across the world .
In 2017 , more the 30 billion people visit porn website that is quite higher as compared to other websites .
Modern society has preferring porn for recreational purpose .
Every American is spending more than 10 minutes on each website .
You should keep reading the article and observe the fantastic porn categories that will satisfy your requirements .
Hentai and cartoon porn
If you are looking for the Vampire themed sex enthusiast guide , then you should read the further blog .
However , hentai and cartoon porn is one of the most popular categories that belong to the cartoon category .
The best thing is that you can watch cartoon porn and movies .
Lesbian
Most of the people loved bigger pennies and boobs as well .
If you are looking for the movies for a woman , then nothing is better than the lesbian category .
According to the experts , Lesbian is one of the most popular searched keyword in the search engines like Google , etc .
According to the porn websites experts , the following are the most watched porn categories -
Lesbian
Teenager sex
Shemale
Hardcore porn
Above - mentioned are most searched categories in 2017 .
However ,
If you are looking for the best porn , then you should watch such categories .
Women with Big breasts
Vampire - themed sex enthusiast guide is providing vast knowledge about sex .
Women with big breasts are third most popular category that belongs to the women that have huge breasts .
Therefore , these are the most searched categories in the 2017 .
MATTHEW L. WALD
NY Times
Saturday , January 9th , 2010
The plan for broad use of X - ray body scanners to detect bombs or weapons under airline passengers ’ clothes has rekindled a debate about the safety of delivering small doses of radiation to millions of people — a process some experts say is certain to result in a few additional cancer deaths .
The scanning machines , called “ backscatter scanners , ” deliver a dose of ionizing radiation equivalent to 1 percent or less of the radiation in a dental X -ray .
The amount is so small that the risk to an individual is negligible , according to radiation experts .
But collectively , the radiation doses from the scanners incrementally increase the risk of fatal cancers among the thousands or millions of travelers who will be exposed , some radiation experts believe .
Full - body scanners that are already in place in some airports around the country and abroad use a different type of imaging technology , called millimeter wave , that uses less powerful , non-ionizing radiation that does not pose the same risk .
But those machines also produce images that are less clear .
And in the wake of the attempted bombing of an airplane traveling to Detroit from Amsterdam on Dec. 25 , the United States is turning to backscatter scanners for routine security checks .
Congress has appropriated funds for 450 scanners to be placed in American airports .
On Thursday , President Obama called for greater use of “ imaging technology ” to spot weapons and explosives .
Full article here
“ When the people find they can vote themselves money , that will herald the end of the republic . ” – Fall Of The Republic – Buy the DVD here
This article was posted : Saturday , January 9 , 2010 at 5:18 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
DUBAI -- Gulf News , a newspaper part - owned by a senior government minister in the United Arab Emirates , has told its journalists to avoid using the words " bailout " and " default " when writing about Dubai 's debt crisis , according to an internal memo sent to staff and seen by Zawya Dow Jones .
Reporters for the paper , the largest English - language daily in the U.A.E. , were also urged to steer clear of the phrase " debt crisis " and asked to " ensure the following politically correct terminology is used " -- words such as " financial consolidation " and " fiscal support " -- when describing the sheikdom 's economic problems and the assistance it has received from Abu Dhabi , according to the note sent Dec. 14 .
" This is a style guide , " said Francis Matthew , the Dubai - based paper 's editor - at - large when asked by Zawya Dow Jones about the memo .
" We 're trying to restrict people from using financially incorrect terms . "
More European Pressphoto Agency Complete Coverage : Dubai in Crisis
U.A.E. officials have criticized international press coverage of Dubai 's debt crisis since the emirate surprised markets on Nov. 25 , saying it needed to freeze $ 26 billion of debt owed by one of its largest government - owned groups , Dubai World .
Abu Dhabi bailed out Dubai on Dec. 14 with $ 10 billion , which the government used partly to pay off an Islamic bond due on that day .
Dubai 's finance chief , Abdulrahman Al Saleh , this month blamed the media for spreading " blind panic " about the emirate 's financial woes following the standstill request that triggered a downgrade of many of its banks and government - owned companies .
The sheikdom , which closely monitors the media , has come under intense scrutiny as it struggles to contain the estimated $ 80 billion of debt , mostly racked up by its government - owned companies building speculative real estate and infrastructure projects .
The Sunday Times was ordered off shelves in the U.A.E. on Nov. 29 after the paper carried a double - page graphic illustrating Dubai 's ruler , Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum , sinking in a sea of debt .
Its sister publication , The Times , was censored in the U.A.E. on Dec. 5 for a story that described Sheik Mohammed as a " benign dictator " and criticized his management of the economy .
The Sunday Times and The Times are part of News International , a unit of News Corp. , owner of Dow Jones & Co , publisher of The Wall Street Journal .
Gulf News is published by Al Nisr Publishing , which is part - owned by the country 's Minister of State for Financial Affairs , Obaid Humaid Al Tayer , who chairs the company .
Abdulrahman Hassan Abdulhamid Al Rostamani and Jumaa Al Majid , two large merchant families in Dubai , are also part owners along with the Al Tayer Group , according to Zawya.com 's corporate monitor service .
The maximum time an athlete is able to continue climbing to exhaustion may be the only determinant of his / her performance .
A new European study , led by researchers from the University of Granada , the objective of which is to help trainers and climbers design training programmes for this type of sport , shows this to be the case .
Until now , performance indicators for climbing have been low body fat percentage and grip strength .
Furthermore , existing research was based on the comparison of amateur and expert climbers .
Now , a new study carried out with 16 high - level climbers breaks with this approach and reveals that the time it takes for an athlete to become exhausted is the only indicator of his / her performance .
Vanesa España Romero was the first author of the work and is a researcher at the University of Granada .
The study , published in the European Journal of Applied Physiology , analyses the physiological parameters that determine performance in this sport at its highest level .
The participants , eight women with an average rating of 7a ( the scale of difficulty of a climbing route is graded from 5 to 9 , with sub - grades of a , b and c ) and eight men with an average rating of 8a , were divided into an " expert group " and an " elite group . "
The researchers assessed the climbers with body composition tests ( weight , height , body mass index , body fat % , bone mineral density , and bone mineral content ) , kinanthropometry ( length of arms , hands and fingers , bone mineral density and bone mineral content of the forearm ) , and physical fitness tests ( flexibility , strength of the upper and lower body and aerobic capacity measured at a climbing centre ) .
The results show there to be no significant differences between expert and elite climbers in any of the tests performed , except in climbing time to exhaustion and in bone mineral density , both of which were higher in the elite group .
" Therefore , the maximum climbing time to exhaustion of an athlete is the sole determinant of performance , " the researcher confirms .
A demanding and vertical practice
Sport climbing began as a form of traditional climbing in the mid 80s , and is now a sport in its own right .
The International Federation of Sport Climbing is currently requesting its inclusion as an Olympic sport .
The increase in the number of climbers and the proliferation of climbing centres and competitions have contributed to its interest in recent years , although there is limited scientific literature on climbing effort .
The most important research relates to energy consumption ( ergospirometry , heart rate and lactic acid blood concentrations ) , the designation of maximum strength and local muscular resistance of climbers ( dynamometry and electromyography ) , and to establishing anthropometric characteristics .
According to experts , a fundamental characteristic of sport climbing is its " vertical dimension , " making it unique given its postural organisation in space , and from a physiological point of view , the effect a gravitational load has on movements .
In short , to complete a climb successfully , athletes should maintain their effort for as long as possible to improve their chances of reaching the ultimate goal .
I can't tell if Leno would be insulted by this or not .
With there being absolutely no exaggeration , it 's not so much a parody as a demeaning tribute :
Amazing .
I did n't know a late night band could be effectively aurally mimicked , but there I was , feeling the unnerving presence of a phantom Kevin Eubanks at all times .
And have you heard about this Avatar movie ?
And Tiger Woods ?
And time for Headlines !
Could we compromise , and instead of giving Leno an 11:35 spot just give Kimmel the spot in - character as Leno ?
I swear , my parents wo n't even notice ; they just want anyone to give them half - assed jokes about the two relevant news stories they 're aware of .
( here 's the rest of the episode )
In the next week or two , Windows Update will list a new , " Important " update for you to download .
It 'll be called " Windows Activation Technologies Update for Windows 7 , " and if you 're running a bootleg copy of Windows 7 , beware .
Advertisement
The optional update will sniff out 70 " known and potentially dangerous activation exploits " that are meant to distinguish a genuine copy of Windows 7 from a pirated one .
However , if you 're busted with a bootleg , it 's not that big of a deal .
Microsoft promises that none of your personal information will be sent to them .
Instead :
If any activation exploits are found , Windows will alert the customer and offer options for resolving the issue – in many cases , with just a few clicks .
Machines running genuine Windows 7 software with no activation exploits will see nothing – the update runs quietly in the background protecting your system .
If Windows 7 is non-genuine , the notifications built into Windows 7 will inform the customer that Windows is not genuine by displaying informational dialog boxes with options for the customer to either get more information , or acquire genuine Windows .
The desktop wallpaper will be switched to a plain desktop ( all of the customer 's desktop icons , gadgets , or pinned applications stay in place ) .
Periodic reminders and a persistent desktop watermark act as further alerts to the customer .
It is important to know that the customer will see no reduced functionality in their copy of Windows – a customer 's applications work as expected , and access to personal information is unchanged .
Advertisement
Of course , even if your Windows 7 copy is completely legitimate , there might be good reason not to download the update .
Windows validation has been known to mislabel legit copies of software as pirated , which even if rare , is a pain that nobody wants to deal with .
[ The Windows Blog via ZDnet ]
To employ laziness .
In JS any object can have a special link to another such that if JS cannot find a key - value pair in the former , it also looks in the latter before failing .
Looking up a hierarchy is the essence of inheritance and the special link that forms the hierarchy between two standard objects is the defining feature of prototypical inheritance .
JS , as is now obvious espouses prototypical inheritance .
In prototypical inheritance , the object that carries the special link is called the instance and the object to which it links to is called its prototype .
Note :
As this topic is one of the rat ’s nest that JS is notorious for and also a very puzzling juncture where most beginners go home , I ’m going to go ahead and do something drastic to alleviate some of the pain usually encountered while tackling this topic .
Sure there ’s no gain without pain but trust me , there are worthier causes .
With that , I ’m going to pretend that the ECMA standard , IE and Opera does n’t exist !
We sure will bring them back into the fold .
But that ’s only much later .
But to make painless progress in this front , ignore them .
For now .
So by now you should be running interpreters provided by the house of Mozilla and the family of KHTML ( Chromium , Webkit , et al ) .
Let ’s consider that for our program , we have lots of objects similar to these two .
var flub = { color : " green " , size : 20 , speed : 40 , weapon : {name : ' slime ' , ammo : 100} } , blob = { color : " red " , size : 20 , speed : 30 , weapon : {name : ' slime ' , ammo : 100} } ;
We immediately see that these objects have common key - value pairs ( properties ) .
So to save us some typing ( more than anything else ) , we make an object having the common properties and set it as the prototype of all the objects that needs these properties .
As a consequence , we get for free the ability to centrally tweak the common properties of all the instances of that prototype , also , in the process of naming the prototype object , we may attain a deeper insight into our program .
After all , prototypes ( as defined by the dictionary ) are a convenient forgetfulness ( abstraction ) that represents similar objects .
So here ’s how we go about doing that .
Create the object that will act as the prototype .
var thingy = { size : 20 , weapon : {name : ' slime ' , ammo : 100} }
Create the objects that will act as the instances .
var flub = { color : " green " , speed : 40 } , blob = { color : " red " , speed : 30 } ;
This does n’t look like much of a saving .
But you ’re only saying that because we ’re only dealing with a few objects .
You ’ll quickly change your opinion ( as I ’m sure you will ) when dealing with hundreds of similar objects in real programs .
Okay , you say .
We have some objects .. now what ?
Enter __proto__ the non-standard unreliable hero .
See , __proto__ is a modifiable key that objects created by the implementations mentioned previously provide .
Assigning to the __proto__ property of an object causes it to inherit ( be the instance of ) the assigned object ( prototype ) .
Thus .
flub.__proto__ = blob.__proto__
= thingy ;
You should from the previous post know that = operator is right associative and that its value is the assigned object leading to a cascade that sets both flub .
__proto__ and blob .
__proto__ to refer to thingy .
Accessing a non-existent value from an instance will cause JS to follow the hidden link ( __proto__ ) up the hierarchy looking for what we asked it to find .
So …
You may visualize what we did as follows .
Looks pretty complicated but that ’s only because we ’re looking at the all at once exploded view .
Imagine the exploded view of your mobile phone ( using which is of - course second nature ) for contrast .
When actually using objects , we should be at ease as using a mobile phone .
Because with practice and with programs having numerous objects , we wo n’t be thinking about it all at once .
We ’d be employing the hierarchical nature of our thought process to forget most of the detail .
A session on the REPL should help cement some of these ideas .
Refer the diagram above , and trace JS ’s activity through it .
>> flub.color // As expected .
> green >> blob.color // Same >red >> flub.size //JS
looks up the prototype chain to thingy and gets size from thingy .
> 20 >> flub.weapon.name // We can keep qualifying as needed and JS follows along .
> slime >> blob.weapon.name // Same as above .
But from a different object .
> slime >> blob.weapon = {name : ' laser ' , ammo : 40} ; // Mew weapon object assigned to blob >[ object Object ] >> thingy.weapon.name // But not to the prototype ( thingy ) > slime >> blob.weapon.name // Blob has its own weapon .
> laser >> blob.__proto__.weapon.name // Explicitly asking JS to follow __proto__ . > slime >> flub.weapon.name // Flub has no weapon .
JS follows the proto chain .
> slime >> thingy.size = 100 ; // Assigning to the prototype object directly .
> 100 >> flub.size //Leads to dynamic changes in its instances .
> 100 >> blob.size // Same as above .
> 100 >> flub.__proto__.size = 40 ; //Assigning to prototype via the __proto__ reference .
> 40 >> blob.size // As expected . > 40
At its core , this is all there is to JS ’s flavor of prototypal inheritance .
The rest is all JS ’s self important posturing .
The ECMA standard hides the special link ( __proto__ ) and goes on in a round about way how to achieve more or less the same thing .
But we cannot wrangle JS like this in polite company and we sure should learn to be diplomatic and standard compliant with JS .
But that ’s for later .
For now , we can rest assured at having the upper hand .
Activities .
More REPLing .
Try chaining objects using __proto__ .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : inheritance , JavaScript , object oriented , objects , prototype , __proto__
Mr Mabhouh was murdered in a Dubai hotel room , police say Passports belonging to the alleged killers of a top Hamas official in Dubai are fraudulent , the British and Irish governments have said .
Ireland said the names and passport numbers of three suspects did not match anything issued by its officials .
Britain said it believed the six British passports were also fraudulent .
Arrest warrants were issued for the suspects named by police in Dubai , where Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was murdered in a hotel room on 20 January .
Two more men , one using a French passport and one using a German passport , are also suspected of playing parts in the assassination .
The French foreign ministry said it was " not able to confirm the nationality of this person " , according to AFP news agency .
Hamas killing Police in Dubai have released images of 27 people they believe are behind the killing of a senior Hamas commander .
The suspects are accused of using fake passports bearing their own pictures , but the names of innocent citizens .
Twelve of the passports used were British ( shown on previous slide ) .
The other 15 on the list are reported to have used stolen identities from Australian , French , Irish and German citizens .
The 27th suspect used the alias Joshua Aaron Krycer - a stolen Australian identity ( pictured left ) .
Police say the suspects used their fake documents to travel to Dubai in groups , flying from Zurich , Rome , Paris and Frankfurt .
One of the victims of the identity theft was British - Israeli Paul John Keeley ( pictured right ) .
The passport used by one of the suspected assassins bore his name , but featured a photograph of another man ( pictured left ) .
Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Police claim one of the suspects , pictured on the left , went to a hotel to put on a disguise .
He is seen leaving a toilet wearing a wig .
Surveillance cameras also recorded Mr Mabhouh , circled in red above , at the hotel 's reception before his death .
At the bottom of the image the head of one of the suspects can be seen .
As Mr Mabhouh leaves , the suspect follows .
Mr Mabhouh is trailed into the lift by a number of the suspects , including two pictured here in tennis gear .
Investigators believe he had been followed from Syria to Dubai where it is thought he wanted to buy weapons for Hamas .
When Mr Mabhouh leaves the lift , police say two of the suspects can be seen following him down the corridor .
He was later found dead in his room .
A post -mortem report said he had been electrocuted and suffocated .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT German officials said the passport number was either incomplete or wrong , Associated Press reported .
Reports have suggested that Mr Mabhouh was in Dubai to buy weapons for Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas .
Hamas have accused Israeli agents of killing him .
A day after Dubai police announced the names of the Irish suspects as Gail Folliard , Evan Dennings and Kevin Daveron , a spokesman for Ireland 's Department of Foreign Affairs said : " We are unable to identify any of those three individuals as being genuine Irish citizens .
I do n't know how this happened or who chose my name or why , but hopefully we 'll find out soon
Melvyn Adam Mildiner Pictures of ' 11 Europeans ' History of Israel 's ' covert killing '
" Ireland has issued no passports in those names . "
The passport numbers had the wrong number of digits and did not contain letters as authentic passports do , he added .
" These purported passports are false .
These are not genuine passports . "
The Britons were named as James Leonard Clarke , Stephen Daniel Hodes , Paul John Keeley , Michael Lawrence Barney , Jonathan Lewis Graham and Melvyn Adam Mildiner .
But the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said : " We believe the passports used were fraudulent and have begun our own investigation .
" We have informed the authorities in the UAE that this is the case , and continue to co-operate closely with the Emiratis on this matter . "
It has emerged that at least four men in Israel share names with suspects , but the accompanying photos were not of them , they said .
All deny any involvement with the murder .
ANALYSIS Gordon Corera , BBC News , security correspondent Taking on a different identity is a regular occurrence for intelligence agents on undercover missions .
Spies often have a stack of passports under different names ready to go .
It is more difficult and potentially more sensitive to take on a different nationality - and particularly if you are found out , since it can lead to diplomatic protests .
One way of falsifying a nationality is to forge a passport or insert a new identity and picture into a stolen passport .
But a more effective way can be to steal a real person 's identity and get a real passport in their name .
There are suspicions that Israel 's Mossad was involved , particularly since it has used foreign passports for previous operations including the 1997 attempt on the life of Khaled Meshal in Jordan , when two operatives used Canadian passports .
The BBC and other media in Israel have spoken directly to the men or to their families .
Their family names - Keeley , Hodes , Mildiner and Barney - are not common in Israel , reports the BBC's Middle East correspondent Katya Adler .
The men include an odd - job man and an ultra-orthodox Jewish seminary student .
Melvyn Adam Mildiner , a Briton living in Israel , told Reuters news agency : " I am obviously angry , upset and scared - any number of things .
And I 'm looking into what I can do to try to sort things out and clear my name .
" I do n't know how this happened or who chose my name or why , but hopefully we 'll find out soon . "
He added that he had his passport with him .
Two Palestinian suspects were being questioned about the murder .
Police said they had " fled to Jordan " after the killing , without releasing their names .
Officials in Dubai said the team appeared to be a professional hit squad , probably sponsored by a foreign power .
They released CCTV footage which they said showed some of the suspects in disguises , including wigs and false beards , in the hotel near Dubai 's international airport .
The suspects allegedly trailed Mr Mabhouh when he arrived in Dubai from Syria , paid for everything in cash and used various mobile phones .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A row has erupted in Brazil over the decision to make a seven - year - old girl " queen " of a top samba school taking part in the Rio de Janeiro Carnival .
Children 's rights groups have raised concerns that it is inappropriate for a child to take on the traditionally " sexy " role for the 80 - minute parade .
Julia Lira 's father dismissed their concerns , saying she was a natural and would cope with dancing in the heat .
Giving plastic bags a second life ( Image : Jeff J Mitchell / Getty )
Waste plastic from “ throwaway ” carrier bags can be readily converted into carbon nanotubes .
The chemist who developed the technique has even used the nanotubes to make lithium - ion batteries .
This is called “ upcycling ” – converting a waste product into something more valuable .
Finding ways to upcycle waste could encourage more recycling : for instance , bacteria can convert plastic drinks bottles into a more expensive plastic .
The carrier - bag - to - nanotube technique was developed by Vilas Ganpat Pol at the Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois and converts high or low - density polyethylene ( HDPE and LDPE ) into valuable multiwalled carbon nanotubes .
Advertisement
Bag baker
Pol made the nanotubes by cooking 1 - gram pieces of HDPE or LDPE at 700 °C for 2 hours in the presence of a cobalt acetate catalyst and then letting the mixture cool gradually .
Above 600 °C the chemical bonds within the plastic completely break down and multiwalled carbon nanotubes grow on the surface of the catalytic particles .
A lot of catalyst is needed to get good results – about a fifth of the weight of the plastic being converted – and it cannot easily be recovered afterwards .
But Pol says this is still one of the cheapest and environmentally friendly ways yet found to grow nanotubes .
“ Other methods generally require a vacuum to avoid oxygen interaction with the catalyst as well as with the system , ” he says .
“ In my new reaction there is no vacuum – the formation of oxide is inhibited due to the presence of a continuous reducing hydrocarbon atmosphere at 700 °C . ”
Nanotube nuggets
Individual pieces of the catalyst become trapped inside forests of newly grown nanotubes .
But Pol has shown the nanotubes can be used as is without further processing to cut them free .
“ I have used the as - prepared cobalt - encapsulated nanotubes as an anode material for lithium - ion batteries and they work fantastically , ” he says .
“ The specific capacity of my carbon nanotubes is higher than commercial nanotubes . ”
He thinks that might be down to slight imperfections in the usually - regular structure of the nanotubes , created by the reducing atmosphere during fabrication .
The cobalt impurities also make the nanotubes suitable for use in lithium - air batteries , because the cobalt is converted to cobalt oxides that perform as catalysts to help the reactions of ions in the battery that let current flow , says Pol .
He has patented the use of the cobalt - containing nanotubes in both lithium - ion and lithium - air batteries : “ The cobalt is not an impurity , it is an asset , ” he says .
Recycling jigsaw
Geoffrey Mitchell at the University of Reading in the UK is an expert in recycling plastic .
He thinks the new technique is an “ interesting part of the jigsaw ” of recycling plastic waste to make high - value electronic materials .
But he thinks the use of relatively expensive cobalt as a non-recoverable catalyst might be problematic if the system is ever to be scaled up .
Pol agrees , but adds that the type of batteries he proposes using the nanotubes for are already recycled for their cobalt , so the metal would ultimately be recovered .
Leaving the catalyst out of the process altogether yields another carbon product of potential value , though : carbon spheres between 2 and 10 micrometres across that can be used in printer ink , says Pol .
Journal reference : Journal of Environmental Monitoring , DOI : 10.1039/b914648b
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Rock band Rage Against the Machine have won the most competitive battle in years for the Christmas number one .
The band 's single , Killing In The Name , sold 500,000 downloads beating X Factor winner Joe McElderry 's The Climb by 50,000 copies to clinch the top spot .
Their success followed a Facebook campaign designed to prevent another X Factor number one .
One retailer said it was a " truly remarkable outcome - possibly the greatest chart upset ever " .
Speaking on the Radio 1 chart show , Zack de la Rocha from Rage said : " We are very , very ecstatic about being number one . "
He added it was an " incredible organic grassroots campaign " .
" It says more about the spontaneous action taken by young people throughout the UK to topple this very sterile pop monopoly , " he said .
CHART ANALYSIS Colin Paterson , BBC News entertainment reporter
It is simply one of the biggest shocks in chart history .
The common belief was that the race for Christmas number one had been destroyed by the X Factor .
This year the corporate might of Simon Cowell has been defeated by a husband and wife 's Facebook campaign .
This chart shock is right up there with Spiller 's ' Groovejet ' derailing the start of Victoria Beckham 's non-Spice Career in 2000 or crooner Engelbert Humperdinck ending The Beatles ' run of 11 number ones in a row .
Two other points ; this could become an annual event , the public deciding on a track with which to take on the X Factor winner .
Secondly there is still every chance Joe will reach number one next week .
The Rage Against the Machine campaign was designed for one week only so Joe could get the top spot , saving him the indignity of being the first X Factor winner not to hit number one with their debut single .
McElderry , 18 , praised the campaign , adding : " It 's been exciting to be part of a much - hyped battle and they definitely deserve congratulations . "
Thanking all the fans who bought his single , he said : " This time last year I never thought for one minute that I 'd win The X Factor , never mind about having a debut single out , so I 'm just delighted to be in the charts .
" It 's been such an incredible couple of months and I got the best Christmas gift I could ever have asked for in winning The X Factor . "
He later told BBC Radio
One he did not believe the internet campaign was a personal attack .
He said : " It 's more against the show than me and I think if any other person had have won , the same thing would have happened , because the petition was going on before the winner had been announced . "
Despite earlier in the week calling the campaign " stupid " , X Factor judge Simon Cowell offered his congratulations to the couple behind it , Jon and Tracy Morter .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said : " I am gutted for Joe because a number one single meant a lot to him but I have to congratulate Jon and Tracy , who started the Facebook campaign .
" I called Jon on Saturday to congratulate the two of them that , win or lose , they turned this into a very exciting race for the Christmas number one .
" I am proud of Joe - he worked really hard this week , but he has a great year ahead of him . "
This is not the first campaign the Morters have launched to try to influence the charts - last year they attempted to get Rick Astley to the top spot .
Mr Morter , 35 , said he learnt " how the charts work " from that experience , and " what you can get away with " .
" When this year came around I just thought , let 's have another go .
If anything , last year was fun .
This year it has gone stratospheric . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
His wife Tracy said : " It was one of those little silly ideas that make you laugh in your own house .
" We really love music and remember when were were young the charts were really exciting .
We just thought , would n't it be funny if that song got to number one ?
" It took something really strong and forceful to get people behind it . "
The Los Angeles rock band 's hit also set another record : it has achieved the biggest download sales total in a first week ever in the UK charts .
McElderry 's song was only released digitally after his victory in the X Factor , giving it less time to rack up sales than Rage Against The Machine .
On Friday the band 's lead was just 9,000 copies , but sales then soared by 200,000 to secure victory .
RECENT CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONES 2000 : Bob the Builder : Can We Fix It 2001 : Robbie Williams & Nicole Kidman : Somethin ' Stupid 2002 : Girls Aloud : Sound of the Underground 2003 : Michael Andrews feat Gary Jules : Mad World Band Aid 20 : Do They Know It 's Christmas ?
2005 : Shayne Ward : That 's My Goal 2006 : Leona Lewis : A Moment Like This 2007 : Leon Jackson : When You Believe 2008 : Alexandra Burke : Hallelujah
What is Killing In The Name all about ?
Have Your Say : What does Rage 's victory mean for X Factor ?
Rage Against
The Machine are signed to Epic Records , which is part of Sony Music , the same label as McElderry .
De la Rocha said the band would perform a free concert in the UK in 2010 to celebrate their chart win .
The past four Christmas number ones have all been by X Factor winners ; Alexandra Burke 's version of Hallelujah last year was one of the biggest selling festive singles ever .
Guitarist Tom Morello said it had " tapped into the silent majority of the people in the UK who are tired of being spoon - fed one schmaltzy ballad after another " .
He added that proceeds from the single would go to homeless charity Shelter tying in with the Morters '
Facebook campaign which includes an online link to give to the charity , raising over £ 70,000 so far .
The last big Christmas battle on a similar scale was between the Spice Girls ' Goodbye and South Park character Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls in 1998 .
The Spice Girls won with 380,000 to their rival 's 375,000 .
Despite losing out on the single top spot , Cowell kept a hold on the album chart , with Susan Boyle 's I Dreamed A Dream remaining at number one for a fourth week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Millions of anti-terror cash spent on luxury London flats for police chiefs
Britain ’s most powerful police body , which is run as a private business , has spent millions of pounds meant for counter - terrorism work on luxury London flats for senior officers .
The spending on an undisclosed number of apartments in the Westminster area is understood to be about £ 1.6 million a year .
The money is taken directly from taxpayers ’ cash given to the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) by the Home Office to tackle the terrorist threat across Britain .
Priority : Assistant Commissioner John Yates has ordered a review
The funding – £ 33 million last year – is supposed to be used to beef up regional police forces ’ anti-terrorism response and pay for crucial equipment and facilities .
Instead , ACPO ’s Terrorism & Allied Matters ( TAM ) committee , headed by Assistant Commissioner John Yates , has used millions of pounds from the budget to pay for flats .
Last night ACPO refused to disclose how many apartments it was paying for , or who was receiving the perk , but all are said to be well - appointed homes close to Scotland Yard .
ACPO insists they are ‘ occupied ’ , but two well - placed sources told The Mail on Sunday that officers only occasionally stay in them .
Local estate agents say the cheapest two - bedroom flats in the area cost £ 400,000 to buy or at least £ 300 a week to rent .
But with the officers requiring a ‘ secure location ’ the flats are said to cost substantially more .
ACPO is already under fire for its commercial activities .
Last year The Mail on Sunday disclosed it was :
Selling information from the Police National Computer for up to £ 70 - even though it pays just 60 p to access the details .
Marketing ‘ police approval ’ logos to firms selling anti-theft devices .
Operating a separate private firm offering training to speed - camera operators , which is run by a senior officer who was banned from driving .
The news led to questions about ACPO ’s central role in policing , writing rules on police operations , as well as campaigning on key issues such as the proposed 90 - day detention for terror suspects and the DNA database .
ACPO president Sir Hugh Orde has pledged to reform the organisation , admitting its role as a private firm paid millions a year by the taxpayer to effectively run the nation ’s police forces was uncomfortable .
Her Majesty ’s Inspectorate of Constabulary , the police watchdog , went further , saying its ‘ status as a private limited company cannot continue ’ .
ACPO 's central London base , near Scotland Yard
The new revelations are expected to increase the pressure for the reform or abolition of the organisation .
ACPO ’s terrorism committee budget is supposed to be separate from the organisation ’s other activities .
But the revelation it is spending anti-terrorist money on perks for senior officers now puts this part of its work under the spotlight .
Last night Mr Yates , who headed the cash - for - honours inquiry in 2006 , attempted to justify the need for the flats and said they would be sold should they no longer be required .
‘ A massive amount of work was instigated post - 9/11 to ensure that the UK had a national structure in place to tackle terrorism .
This work required a vast amount of resources to ensure that a national counter - terrorism strategy was put in place .
As a result , staff seconded to ACPO TAM were entitled to accommodation while working in London .
This structure is now in place and as a result a review has been conducted of ACPO TAM , including the requirements for staff accommodation .
‘ All the properties for seconded staff are occupied and leases would be relinquished at the earliest opportunity if a property became vacant . ’
But privately Yates is understood to be horrified anti-terrorist cash has been used in this way .
He has ordered an internal review to examine how the counter - terrorism money is being spent to ensure that ‘ resources are used more cost effectively ’ in future .
Sources say the accommodation issue is a high priority and future secondees to the body will have to make alternative housing arrangements when they are required in London .
One senior police source said : ‘ The flats are all over Westminster , like an address book for the well - heeled .
They are empty most of the time because there is no need to use them .
‘ No politician will ever say this but the terrorism budget is over - stuffed .
Every year they have a huge under - spend which they lavish on things that are not needed .
These flats were bought out of this under - spend . ’
Patrick Mercer , a former Tory Homeland Security spokesman , said : ‘ Every penny allocated to counter - terrorism is precious .
It therefore disappoints me taxpayers ’ money is being used in this way . ’
W hen Pierre Elliott Trudeau and Jean Chrétien were in power , conservative commentators used to complain that both tended to be dictatorial , courtesy of our parliamentary system that made the prime minister too powerful , more so in some respects than the president of the United States .
Where are those pundits when we really need them ?
Stephen Harper is centralizing power in the PMO on an unprecedented scale ; defying Parliament ( by refusing to comply with a Commons vote demanding the files on Afghan prisoner abuse ) ; derailing public inquiries ( by a parliamentary committee and the Military Police Complaints Commission ) ; muzzling / firing civil servants ; demonizing critics ; and dragging the military into the line of partisan political fire .
" When you add up all that this government has done , it 's truly scary , " says Gar Pardy , former head of the foreign ministry 's consular services .
He 's the one who organized the petition that defended diplomat Richard Colvin from Tory mudslinging , and which has been signed by 133 retired ambassadors .
The extent of Harper 's misuse of power becomes clearer when you realize that the Conservatives are replicating some of the worst practices of the Republicans under George W. Bush and Dick Cheney :
Consolidating executive power ; eviscerating the legislative branch ; operating under extreme secrecy ( by keeping an iron grip on information , through endless court challenges and censoring / redacting documents ) ; riding the coattails of the military and questioning the patriotism of political opponents ; and forcing out public servants who refused to fall in line .
Count the heads that have rolled in Ottawa :
Peter Tinsley , chair of the military police commission , who initiated the Afghan prison abuse probe – refused a second term .
Paul Kennedy , chair of the Complaints Commission for the RCMP , who criticized the use of Tasers – refused a second term .
Linda Keen , nuclear watchdog , who insisted on safety at Chalk River – fired .
Kevin Page , parliamentary budget watchdog , who rattled the Tories with several revelations – rendered ineffective with a cut of $ 1 million from his $ 2.8 million budget .
Marc Mayrand , chief electoral officer , who probed Tory election spending – publicly attacked .
Louise Arbour , UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , who dared criticize both the U.S. and Israel – refused support for a second term and publicly rebuked .
Jean - Guy Fleury , chair of the Immigration and Refugee Board , who opposed the Tory politicization of appointments to the tribunal – frustrated into quitting .
Similarly , groups that wo n't toe the Tory line are being penalized .
The Canadian Arab Federation lost funding after its chair attacked Ottawa 's pro-Israeli policies .
Now the same fate has befallen KAIROS , a Christian aid group , for " taking a leadership role in the boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign " against Israel , boasts Immigration Minister Jason Kenney , the designated Tory bulldog in charge of attacking real or perceived enemies .
Ottawa is rife with rumour of another scandal in the making : Harper asking Governor General Michaëlle Jean to prorogue Parliament , yet again , this time during the Winter Olympics ( ending Feb. 28 ) and perhaps also the Paralympics ( ending March 21 ) .
She should flat - out refuse and not repeat her mistake from a year ago , when she got rolled by him .
At that fateful meeting , she should not have let Kevin Lynch , clerk of the Privy Council , into the room .
Get - togethers between the governor general and the prime minister are privileged .
She also should not have shuttled between Harper and a team of constitutional advisers she had assembled .
Instead , she should have taken his request under advisement and sent him off , and summoned Stéphane Dion and perhaps also Jack Layton to brief her on their coalition agreement .
That way , she would 've had more choices :
Advise the Prime Minister to seek a vote of confidence .
Or , if he felt he did n't have it , to ask if someone else on his front benches might .
Failing both , turn to the opposition to demonstrate that they could muster the confidence of the House , as claimed .
Jean failed in her duties by deciding the fate of the government behind closed doors , rather than in an open democratic process by the elected representatives of the people .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
A governor general is not obliged to take the prime minister 's advice , only that which she deems appropriate to our parliamentary system .
What Jean saw as appropriate last year was n't .
Each passing day proves it .
Haroon Siddiqui writes Thursdays and Sundays .
hsiddiqui@thestar.ca
Read more about :
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Music is known to make us happy , or calm , or sad .
But do other animals respond to dulcet tones , as well ?
In studies , our primate cousins prefer silence to our music .
But maybe we were playing the wrong tune .
Psychologist Charles Snowdon and musician David Teie teamed up to show that South American monkeys called cotton - top tamarins do respond to music : their own .
The study was published in the journal Biology Letters .
With actual monkey calls in mind ( MONKEY SOUNDS )
Teie composed monkey music .
( THREAT MUSIC )
That tune was based on calls signifying anxiety .
This one represents a happy , safe condition .
( CALMING MUSIC ) Snowdon played the compositions to tamarins .
They became agitated hearing the threat song .
And the more upbeat music put them in a mellow mood .
Much of what we communicate does depend on tone , not just words .
This study suggests that what Snowdon calls the musical elements of speech has a deep evolutionary history .
Just goes to show that music can “ soothe a savage breast ” — as long as it ’s species appropriate .
— Cynthia Graber
For more monkey melodies musings , see Music to Monkeys ' Ears ?
Try Metallica , or the Metro
Hooray !
I just finished theming support of LXDM . 🙂
LXDM , the display manager of LXDE , now has full theming support based on gtkrc styles +
GtkBuilder xml UI definition .
No technology outside GTK + iteself is needed and no additional library is required for this new feature .
Now lxdm even comes with a default theme ported from gdm Industrial theme ( See the screenshot ) .
The documentation for theming lxdm will be published later once things are settled .
Now it ’s themed with gtk pixmap engine with some dirty hacks , which is inefficient and quite limited .
However , as I know , gtk-css - engine is being developed and it can be used to theme gtk+ applications with css syntax .
So , later our gtkrc - based theming mechanism can directly benefit from gtk-css - engine and we can have more themes .
So artists , stay tunned !
Cheers !!
French Muslims have expressed concern that they are being stigmatized following a four - month long controversial " great debate " on national identity launched by the government , which centred heavily on immigration and the position of Islam in France .
There has been an equally heated debate on whether to ban the full Islamic veil .
If a starving person has nothing to eat and is on the verge of death , would it be in the best interest of that person to take the abundant food of another so as to sustain their life essence ?
If a childless person has no children and is on the verge of death , would it be in the best interest of that person to take the abundant reproductive capacity of another so as to sustain their life essence ?
Would it be right ?
Or are the hungry deserving of death .
And the childless deserving of the same ?
The lack of human compassion is a trademark of psychopaths .
Is it any wonder then that you are given the title of Feminazis .
So your life now revolves around victimhood ?
Perpetual and eternal .
That 's sad .
You should move on .
Life 's too short .
Yadda .
Yadda .
Yadda .
Hope is not the antonym for abyss .
If you dont have the hope already of overcomming your abyss you will never have closure .
So i take it you are n't really after closure ?
Well then perpetual and eternal victimhood is all you will have .
Thats sad .
You should move on .
Life 's too short .
of course you would have no problem with the calls to exterminate males
from many prominent female feminists .
It is jokes , and sexist jokes at that
which raise serious issues about a joke tellers ethics .
A feminists ethics ? of
course not .
Its never a two way street for them .
Or is it .
current system gives more to boys and men and directly neglects or harms girls and women .
So you are saying that runnign water , sanitation , houses , food on shelves , police / security , education , THE CLOTHES ON YOUR BACK ..... everything , everything around you that is the product of men is directly NEGLECTING OR HARMING GIRLS AND WOMEN !
This whole " system " around you that is sustaining prosperous life is neglecting or harming women ?
You are insane .
This morning I woke up to a series of anonymous comments from a man or men written between 3 am and 4 am which highlight distorted thinking which support violence and / or injustice against girls and women .
Here 's the first one which was left on my post , Rape as a way to break reproductive monopoly & injustice against men
That this man who defends sexual and reproductive violence calls me a " feminazi " for opposing the violence he defends is telling about his distorted view of the world .
The types of opinions which come from those who use the term feminazi end up turning this into a shorthand way of them describing their own views .
This man uses gender neutral language , but I doubt he has the same compassion for a childless woman who takes a man 's reproductive capacity and then takes his other resources to sustain her life essence .
Here 's the next anonymous comment from last night left on my post
The purpose of this blog
This call for me to move on is a call for me to ignore sexual violence .
Not wanting people to focus on sexual violence from the perspective of a survivor is in no way an opposition to victimhood .
Revolving my life around victimhood ( stopping it , that is ) is bad , but apparently revolving your life around attacking victims of rape for speaking out against that violence is good and is never a waste of precious time .
When people demand that I stop speaking out against sexual violence and try to package their desired action as an expression of concern for me they have zero credibility as their callousness is impossible for them to hide .
Here 's the next one left on my post Research On Response To Sexist Jokes And Rape Proclivity " : I 've never heard any calls to exterminate males except from those who claim to be repeating what they heard from many prominent feminists .
Notably this man does n't express any opposition to sexist jokes where women and / or girls are the butt of the jokes .
He chooses to ignore the research about the relationship between men enjoying sexist jokes and having a proclivity to commit rape .
Here 's the last in the series of last night 's comments from Anonymous on my post Gender Non-specific Action vs Gender Equality
Here 's my response to this comment .
Anonymous , It is interesting that you use " the product of men " to falsely remove women from the production of running water , sanitation , houses , food on the shelves , police / security , education , the clothes on your back , and everything around you that sustains prosperous life .
I wo n't call you insane for wanting to give men credit for everything you value , but you have chosen to distort reality .
That distortion includes your decision to omit a key part of the quoted sentence I wrote in order to distort the meaning of that sentence .
What you left out is my claim that MRAs often oppose equal resources when more is given to boys and men and when a system neglects or harms girls and women .
In case you need it spelled out , that is not the same as saying everything favors boys and men and everything neglects or harms girls and women .
Twisting reality and then twisting my words and then calling me insane just makes you look like a foolish bigot .
Labels : ethics
Henry Mancini , the Beatles , Bob Dylan , Lauryn Hill and Toto have one particular thing in common : a best - album Grammy .
From the moment Mancini's The Music From Peter Gunn stomped all over recordings by Frank Sinatra , Ella Fitzgerald and Van Cliburn back in the Grammys ' inaugural year of 1959 , every single album of the year featured music — except one .
In 1961 a full - time certified public accountant from Oak Park , Ill. , won best album for The Button - Down Mind of Bob Newhart , a stand - up comedy album recorded in Houston .
Similarly , every best - new - artist Grammy winner , other than Milli Vanilli in 1990 , was a musician with an exception in 1961 : Bob Newhart .
The Button - down Mind was recorded 50 years ago this February and released later that year .
Newhart — referred to on the album cover as “ the most celebrated new comedian since Attila ( the Hun ) ” — eventually found greater renown for his TV work , but the album was a landmark recording .
It was the first comedy album to top Billboard 's charts , and as NPR claimed in 2007 when the album was placed in the National Recording Registry at the Library of Congress , it “ changed the direction of American humor . ”
The album 's existence is a bit of a fluke , to hear Newhart tell it .
A disc - jockey friend of his in Chicago pitched a tape of some of Newhart 's humor to Warner Bros. , which asked him to record his next show .
“ And I said , ‘ Well , see , we have a problem there because I 'd never played in a nightclub , ' ” Newhart told NPR 's Andrea Seabrook .
“ And they said , ‘ Well , I guess we 're going to have to book you into a nightclub . '
So in February 1960 , with all the bravado I could muster , I walked downstage , and I would do stand - up comedy . ”
Newhart walked downstage at the Tidelands Club in the Tidelands Motor Hotel at 6500 South Main , which , based on anecdotal evidence , seems to have hosted more music than comedy back in its day .
I 've found online references to Tommy Dorsey and Chet Atkins playing the club .
( As for the hotel , I 'm fairly certain it was the Rice Grad House that I called home during the summer of 1994 — do n't look for it today , though , as it was knocked down . )
Newhart told the Chronicle in 2005 that he was on the hook for an 18 - minute set , which included Abe Lincoln vs. Madison Avenue , a still - funny “ what if ” account of how a phone conversation might have gone between the president and the New York PR mad men of Newhart 's era about his upcoming Gettysburg address .
“ I came off and walked by the maitre d's table , ” Newhart said .
“ He said , ‘ Go back out .
They 're still applauding . '
And I said , ‘ But that 's all I have . '
He said , ‘ Well , go back out . '
So I walked back out and said , ‘ Which one would you like to hear again ? ' ”
In December the album was reissued on CD ( a silly soul seeking $ 200 - plus on Amazon for his ' 90s - issued CD did n't get the memo ) .
My copy is an old LP purchased at an antiques store on 19th Street for an amount that I 'd call a bargain ; at some point before it belonged to me it was the property of Buddy Mitchell , or so says the cursive writing in the top right corner of the jacket .
Regardless of format , the recording still sounds good and strangely familiar .
The style and tics that would inform Newhart 's subsequent work are already in place .
It can seem a quaint recording by today 's standards .
Newhart 's trademark stammering has been drowned out in modern comedy by a dead - horse approach of turning bug - eyed outrage into a full ranty froth ( notable exceptions include the late , great Mitch Hedberg and Jim Gaffigan ) .
If Newhart 's humor over the years has included outrage , it still comes across as befuddlement .
It 's imaginative more than topical , crafted rather than impulsive , poised not spewed .
On the jacket are points made by his friend Dan Sorkin : “ Bob is a true craftsman in every sense of the word .
His approach to humor is clean , as modern as tomorrow 's newspaper , funny as hell . ”
Unlike the Tidelands ,
New - hart is a midcentury artifact that avoided razing — he 's a rare comedian who has successfully entertained at least three generations .
And if he is sometimes difficult to hear amid the din today , there are still great rewards for those who listen closely to his murmured musings .
andrew.dansby@chron.com
This is a list of the companies listed on the wall of the Very Big Corporation of America :
Acme Construction Company Payne ,
Bickers & Dogood Ltd. Stn. Pendons Ltd .
V. Rich and Son
Doneys ( Florence )
Mirage Land Co .
Arctic Geo. Lab .
Co .
Liver Donors Inc .
World Wide Wine Corp .
Universal Amalgamations Ltd .
Consolidated Steel Co .
Micro Computer Inc .
Moonscape Products Ltd .
Rubber Goods Incorporated
D.Odgey Enterprises Ltd .
Money Factor Printers Ltd .
Better Plastics Corps .
D.Crepid Holdings
Super Big Ltd .
Space Propulsion Lab
Interstellar Travel Corp .
Dawking 's Mining Co .
Lange and Sons ( International )
Cooper 's ( Purveyors )
Dickinson Kincain Association
The All Enveloping Co. Ltd .
O. Verpaid Associates Ltd .
E. Normons & Sons
A. Maze and Lee
Huge Horace Mann & Yure Ltd .
R. Devious Inc .
Wakefeld & Daughter Vast Holdings ( Europe ) Ltd .
Phil Thevich Consortium
Fastness & Vast Co. Ltd
Star Bright Merchandise Org .
X. Tortion World Wide Ltd .
Cartwright Tutorials Black & White Picture Co. Ltd .
R. J. McArthur Parks Ltd .
Walker , Walker & Jones Bros .
Data Travel and Experiments
( list repeats )
Since rebranding in early 2017 , LATFH has become one of the leading go - to sites for celebrity news , gossip , updates , and trends .
Whether you ’re looking for the latest social media marketing hacks used by celebrities … or you ’re simply looking to stay updated with the latest wardrobe choices your favorite star makes , LATFH has you covered .
The 30 Best AR - Style Rifles for Hunting and Personal Defense
In no particular order , here ’s our list for the greatest modern sporting rifles for big game , varmints , and personal defense
Rush Limbaugh , dancing to Lady Gaga 's " Poker Face , " while doing the " Jersey Shore " fist pump -- yes , it 's as awesome as it sounds .
It was all part of some kind of preliminary competition on Thursday night in advance of The Miss America Pageant , which airs tonight on TLC .
The host was having a " Judge the Judges " contest when she got into the dance portion and Rush Limbaugh channeled his inner Elaine Benes .
WHO WE ARE
As we proceed with the installation and completion , we noticed how effective we were as a group working on the said project .
So , we thought - “ why not share this knowledge with the public and make these known to everyone ? ”
The RexGarden started as an idea .
A few years back , we are simply having a brainstorming session about our plans to install a pool in our yard .
We did a lot of research as to how can we sustain the pool and how can we make everything cost - effective without risking the quality and safety of the pool .
Since then , we were able to provide quality information and topics to many homeowners and business owners .
And as we , along with the website , grow through the years , we ensure that every audience will get the best information and ideas on pool management and maintenance .
Moreover , we guarantee that we stay transparent to provide you with the most appropriate tips and ideas for you .
And with these values , we gained the trust of the market which led us to showcase more of our passion for service and community when it comes to pool maintenance and management .
Jan. 15 , 2010  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration slammed Tylenol manufacturer McNeil Healthcare LLC during a media briefing Friday morning for what it called a slow response to problems at a facility in Puerto Rico that led to consumers becoming sickened by tainted pills .
" McNeil should have acted faster , " said Deborah Autor , director of the FDA 's Office of Compliance , of the arm of Johnson & Johnson that manufactures Tylenol products , adding " When something smells bad , literally or figuratively , they must aggressively investigate and solve the problem . "
A recall of Tylenol products has began last month with the popular Tylenol arthritis caplet expanded to include more than two dozen other over - the - counter products manufactured by McNeil .
CLICK HERE for more information on recalled Tylenol products .
The broadened directive adds 54 million bottles of product to the recall , boosting the total number of bottles recalled by McNeil to approximately 60 million , according to the company .
McNeilinitiated a voluntary recall of Tylenol Arthritis Relief Caplets at the end of December after consumer complaints of stomach problems .
The problems were linked to the presence of a chemical called 2,4,6 - tribromoanisole ( TBA ) , which results from the breakdown of a chemical in wood pallets used to transport and store packaging materials for the drugs .
Now it appears that the problem extended into other Tylenol products as well , according to the FDA .
Tylenol Extra Strength , Rolaids and a number of children 's medicines are now included in the recall , which affects 27 products in various packaging quantities .
McNeil released a statement today in which it said the voluntary recall is being conducted in consultation with the FDA and affects a number of products for which there have been no complaints .
The company added that the musty - smelling chemical thought to be the cause of the sickness posed no fatal risk to those who ingest it .
" The health effects of this chemical have not been well studied , but no serious events have been documented in the medical literature , " the statement read .
" In addition to the product recall , McNeil Consumer Healthcare is continuing its investigation into the issue and is taking further actions that include ceasing shipment of products produced using materials shipped on these wood pallets and requiring suppliers who ship materials to our plants to discontinue the use of these pallets . "
In its statement , the company advised consumers who purchased the affected products to stop using them and contact McNeil for information about how to get a refund or a replacement .
The company provided the address for its Web site , www.mcneilproductrecall.com, as well as a toll - free number : ( 888 ) 222-6036 .
Prior to today 's recall , the FDA had cited at least two of the company 's products in a letter to McNeil , as these products had been the subject of complaints about an " uncharacteristic smell , " similar to the one that helped trigger the recall of the arthritis caplets .
" Since the date of the discovery , your firm did not extend the assessment of the event to other products that received packaging components from the same supplier , " said the FDA 's letter , which was signed by Jose R. Lopez , an investigator , and Raquel Gonzalez Rivera , a chemist .
The letter goes on to cite over 10 " musty - moldy odor " complaints about Rolaids and over 39 similar complaints about Tylenol Extra Strength , " including three adverse event reports . "
The letter is dated Jan. 8 , 2010 , but was posted to the FDA 's Web site Jan. 13 .
" Certainly , the FDA report raises serious questions about the manufacturer 's response , " said Robert Field , professor of health management and policy at the Drexel University School of Public Health .
" The report has found that the investigation was limited ... that the procedures for quality control were not in writing ... and various other lapses that were fairly significant . "
The FDA report further criticized McNeil for inadequate responses to complaints , noting that they first received heightened complaints about the musty odor in 2008 and testing confirmed its presence in September of that year .
" Your quality unit failed to conduct additional testing to evaluate the possibility of chemical contamination or other change or deterioration in the distributed drug product , " the FDA letter says .
Karen Hirshfield , acting branch chief of the FDA Office of Compliance 's Recalls and Shortages Branch , revisted these concerns during this morning 's briefing .
" We would have expected McNeil to expand their investigation when they first learned of consumer complaints on this issue , " she said .
" They became aware of a problem in September 2008 , and their investigation and report to [ the FDA ] did n't occur until about a year later .
We would have expected action to occur sooner than that . "
Meanwhile , current problems with Rolaids and Tylenol Extra Strength are attributed to another testing failure .
" Investigations of an unexplained discrepancy did not extend to other batches of the same drug product and other drug products that may have been associated with the specific failure or discrepancy , " the report said .
In response to an inquiry from ABC News correspondent David Kerley , the company responded on Thursday :
" McNeil Consumer Healthcare has received an FDA form 483 dated Jan. 8 , 2010 , and is actively working with the FDA to address their concerns . "
Effects of Tainted Pills Not Deadly
One positive for consumers is that , as ABC News Senior Medical Editor Dr. Richard Besser noted in December , after the first recall was announced , the effects of the tainted pills were not life threatening .
" They 're not that severe , we 're talking about vomiting , diarrhea , " said Besser .
However , he advised , " if you have this product , you should get rid of them , safely dispose of them in your trash .
You do n't want them around . "
Field agreed , following news of the initial recall .
" It does not look like there were serious health effects , if any , " he said , " but why take a chance ?
These products are supposed to improve your health , not hurt it . "
ABC News correspondent David Kerley contributed reporting from Washington , D.C .
Revolutionary youth mobilise in Caracas , February 12 , 2010 .
Photo by ABN .
By Federico Fuentes , Caracas
February 20 , 2010 -- Decisive battles between the forces of revolution and counter - revolution loom on the horizon in Venezuela .
The campaign for the September 26 , 2010 , National Assembly elections will be a crucial battle between the supporters of socialist President Hugo Chavez and the US - backed right - wing opposition .
But these battles , part of the class struggle between the poor majority and the capitalist elite , will be fought more in the streets than at the ballot box .
So far this year , there has been an escalation of demonstrations by violent opposition student groups ; the continued selective assassination of trade union and peasant leaders by right - wing paramilitaries ; and an intensified private media campaign presenting a picture of a debilitated government in crisis — and on its way out .
Chavez warned on January 29 : “ If they initiate an extremely violent offensive , that obliges us to take firm action — something I do not recommend they do — our response will wipe them out . ”
The comment came the day after two students were killed and 21 police suffered bullet wounds in confrontations that rocked the city of Merida .
Chavez challenged the opposition to follow the constitutional road and a recall referendum on his presidential mandate if they truly believe people no longer support him .
Under the democratic constitution adopted in 1999 , a recall referendum can be called on any elected official if 20 % of the electorate sign a petition calling for one .
He said if the capitalists continued down the road of confrontation , he would “ accelerate the revolution ” , which has declared “ 21st century socialism ” as its goal .
Offensive
The stepped - up campaign of destabilisation is part of the regional offensive launched by the opposition ’s masters in Washington .
Last year , the US installed new military bases in Colombia and Panama , reactivated the US Navy Fourth Fleet to patrol Latin American waters , and helped organise a military coup that toppled the left - wing Manuel Zelaya government in Honduras .
This year , the US has occupied Haiti with 15,000 soldiers after the January 12 earthquake and US warplanes have been caught violating Venezuela ’s airspace .
A February 2 report from US National Director of Intelligence , Admiral Dennis Blair , labelled Venezuela the “ leading anti-US regional force ” — placing the Chavez government in Washington ’s crosshairs .
A US military invasion cannot be ruled out , but the main aim of the US military build - up and provocations is to apply pressure on those sections of Venezuela ’s armed forces , and others in the pro-Chavez camp , who would prefer to put the brakes on the revolutionary process to avoid a confrontation .
This is occurring hand - in - hand with a campaign of media lies , combining claims that Chavez ’s popularity is rapidly declining with rumours of dissent in the military and government .
The US and Venezuelan elite hope to isolate and ultimately , remove Chavez .
The campaign is similar to the one unleashed in 2007 to defeat Chavez ’s proposed constitutional reforms , which would have created a legal framework for greater attacks on capital to the benefit of the poor majority but were narrowly defeated in a referendum .
The opposition hopes to fracture Chavez ’s support base — the poor majority and the armed forces — and win a majority in the National Assembly ( with which it is likely to move to impeach Chavez ) .
At the very least , the opposition is seeking to stop pro-revolution forces from winning a two - thirds majority in the national assembly , which would restrict the ease with which the Chavistas could pass legislation .
The current assembly has a large pro-Chavez majority as a result of the opposition boycotting the 2005 poll .
Revolution advances
The global economic crisis is hitting Venezuela harder than the government initially hoped .
Problems in the electricity sector , among others , are also causing strain .
The government ’s campaign to raise awareness about the effects of climate change and wasteful usage has minimised the impact of the opposition and private media campaign to blame the government for the problems in the electricity and water sectors .
Far from fulfilling right - wing predictions that falling oil prices would result in a fall of the government ’s fortunes , Chavez has continued his push to redistribute wealth to the poor — and increased moves against capital and corruption .
This is occurring alongside important street mobilisations supporting the government ( ignored by the international media , which gave prominent coverage to small opposition student riots ) .
There are new steps to increase the transfer of power to the people , such as incorporating the grassroots communal councils further into governing structures .
In November , Chavez announced interventions into eight banks found to be involved in corrupt dealings .
A majority were nationalised and merged with a state bank to form the Bicentenary Bank .
Together with the Bank of Venezuela , nationalised in 2007 , the state now controls 25 % of the banking sector — the largest single bloc .
Nearly 30 bankers were charged and face trial over the corruption allegations .
Significantly , a number of these had been closely aligned with the government .
One of them , Ricardo Fernandez Barrueco , was a relatively unknown entrepreneur in the food sector who rose up the ranks of the business elite to own four banks and 29 Venezuelan companies .
Much of this meteoric rise was due to his ties with a section of the Chavez government , which provided him with generous contracts to supply government - subsidised Mercal food stores with produce and transportation .
This earned Fernandez the nickname the “ Czar of Mercal ” .
The arrest of another banker over corruption allegations , Arne Chacon , led to the resignation of his brother Jessie Chacon as Chavez ’s science minister .
State institutions , militants of the Chavez - led United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) and the National Guard have also moved to tackle price speculation following the January 8 decision to devalue the local currency , the bolivar .
More than 1000 shops were temporary shutdown for price speculation in the first week after the announcement .
On February 13 , Chavez announced that the government had come to an agreement with French company Casino to buy out 80 % of its shares in the CADA supermarket chain , which has 35 outlets across the country .
Together with the recently nationalised Exito supermarket chain and the mass importation of various essential goods , the government is moving to take up a much larger share of the retail and distribution sector .
The devaluation of Venezuela 's currency , the bolivar , means imported goods have become more expensive , lowering workers ’ purchasing power .
To compensate , the government decreed in January a 25 % increase in the minimum wage ( 10 % to be implemented in March and 15 % in September ) .
Government sources told Green Left Weekly it is also studying a further wage increase and steps towards establishing a state monopoly over foreign trade .
Grassroots organising , youth
Despite the violent protests and slander campaign , a January poll by the Venezuelan Institute of Data Analysis ( IVAD — generally accepted as one of Venezuela ’s least biased polling companies ) found more than 58 % of Venezuelans continue to approve of Chavez ’s presidency .
The same poll also found 41.5 % believed the opposition should have a National Assembly majority , compared to 49.5 % who did n’t .
Some 32.6 % said they would vote for pro-revolution candidates , 20.8 % for the opposition and an important 33.1 % for “ independents ” .
That 33.1 % will undoubtedly shrink by September .
The question is whether this section will abstain ( as in the 2007 constitutional referendum ) or the revolutionary forces can organise themselves to win them over and deal a decisive blow to the right .
Three massive pro-revolution demonstrations have been held already this year , dwarfing the small , but violent , opposition protests .
A new grouping of revolutionary youth organsations , the Bicentenary National Youth Front , has also been created to organise the pro-revolution majority of youth and students .
The injection of organised youth into the revolution is vital for its future .
This is needed , as Chavez noted in his February 12 speech to a mass demonstration of students in Caracas , to tackle the serious problems of reformism and bureaucratism that hamper the revolution .
Chavez has argued against those sectors of the revolutionary camp who insist it is possible to advance by strengthening the private sector and wooing capitalists .
Chavez has repeatedly said the “ national bourgeoisie ” has no interest in advancing the process of change .
Chavez has emphasised the “ class struggle ” is at the heart of this process .
He said it was vital to combat the inefficiency and bureaucracy of the state structures inherited from previous governments that hold back and sabotage the process .
“ We have to finish off demolishing the old structures of the bourgeois state and create the new structures of the proletarian state . ”
To help achieve this , the government has encouraged the creation of 184 communes across Venezuela .
Communes are made up of a number of communal councils and other social organisations , bodies directly run and controlled by local communities .
Chavez has referred to the communes as the “ building blocks ” of the new state , in which power is intended to be progressively transferred to the organised people .
The recent creation of peasant militias , organised for self - defence by poor farmers against large landowner violence , is also important .
However , the biggest challenge is the continued construction of the PSUV , a mass party with millions of still largely passive members , as a revolutionary instrument of the masses .
In its extraordinary congress , which began in November and continues meeting on weekends until April , debates are occurring among the 772 elected delegates .
Differences have arisen between those who support a more moderate reformist approach and those arguing for a revolutionary path .
An important debate is over whether to back Chavez ’s call for a new international organisation to unite revolutionary forces globally to strengthen the fight for “ socialism of the 21th century ” .
The debates also include whether party members will elect National Assembly candidates , or whether this important decision would be left in the hands of a select committee ( as more conservative forces prefered ) .
After the decision to hold primary elections for candidates was announced , Chavez said on February 11 : “ I have confidence in the people , I have confidence in the grassroots , they will not defraud us . ”
[ Federico Fuentes is a member of the Green Left Weekly / Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal Caracas bureau .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 827 , February 24 , 2010 . ]
Venezuela : Mass student protest for Chavez
By Kiraz Janicke , Caracas
February 19 , 2010 --
Tens of thousands of students rallied on February 12 in the Venezuelan capital , Caracas , in a show of support for President Hugo Chavez and the Bolivarian revolution .
The demonstration , to celebrate the “ Day of Youth ” , occurred just weeks after violent protests by hundreds of right - wing opposition students in support of private television channel RCTV made international headlines .
Robert Serra , an activist from the United Socialist Party of Venezuela - Youth ( J - PSUV ) said the rally was “ a clear demonstration of where the majority of the youth and student sectors of the country stand ” .
Dani Valles , a student councilor from the University of the East , said : “ We are on the side of the people and we ’re not going to let the oligarchy destabilise Venezuela . ”
From the early hours of morning , students gathered at the Bolivarian University of venezuela .
To the sounds of music and chants of “ Chavez is here to stay ” and “ Expropriation , confiscation , the means of production for the people ” , students danced and marched 10 kilometres to the Miraflores Presidential Palace , where Chavez spoke .
The president called on young people to assume a leading role in the revolution , saying its future depended on them .
He called on them to be critical and to tackle bureaucracy , which he said posed the biggest threat to the revolution .
Chavez pointed to the example of the bureaucratic degeneration of the Russian Revolution last century .
Chavez referred to the recent , much smaller , opposition student protests .
He said the opposition students were being used by local and US elites to attempt “ regime change ” in Venezuela .
Venezuela ’s sharp class divisions and political polarisation are reflected in the competing pro- and anti-revolution student movements .
The experimental universities , the new “ Bolivarian ” universities and the “ social missions ” providing free education to all ages together account for about 700,000 students from mainly poorer and working - class backgrounds .
These students strongly support Chavez and the revolution .
However , most elite “ autonomous ” ( nominally state - run ) and private universities , which account for about 300,000 students from largely middle - and upper - class backgrounds , are dominated by right - wing US - backed groups .
[ Abridged from Venezuela Analysis . ]
Venezuela creates peasant militia , decentralises more power to communal councils
y Kiraz Janicke , Caracas
February 22 , 2010 -- Venezuelanalysis.com – Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez announced the creation of a new peasant militia , which will form part of the national Bolivarian Armed Forces ( FAB ) and also enacted the new Law of the Federal Government Council , during a ceremony to commemorate 151 years since the Federal War led by peasant leader General Ezequiel Zamora on February 20 .
' Labour 's Lost It ' Gordon Brown 's Last Stand
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is facing a general election he is almost certain to lose .
But his challenger David Cameron , the leader of the opposition Conservatives , is something of an unknown quantity .
Whoever wins , the country 's economic problems mean that Britain 's next leader will face an unenviable task .
Josef Mengele was a Nazi scientist involved in their famous genetics program that had the task of creating a master race of Aryan people .
The job for Mengele , or the ‘ Angel of Death ’ as he was affectionately know , was to find ways to increase the chances of a mother giving birth to twins .
While working at Auschwitz Concentration Camp , Mengele did a number of particularly brutal experiments on twins ; most died ether as a result of the surgery or of infected wounds later on .
Experimentation block in Auschwitz – Block 10
Link
One night , the Angel of death lived up to his name when he rounded up 14 pairs of twins and put them to sleep in his operating theatre .
He then injected chloroform directly into their hearts instantly killing them and proceeded to dissect them , taking notes on each piece of their bodies as meticulous autopsies were an important part of the experiments for Mengele .
In another bizarre experiment , he took a set of gypsy twins and sewed them together in order to create conjoined twins , surgically removing parts of the veins on their hands in the process and leaving them both with gangrene .
One twin who survived being in the care of the doctor recalled how his brother came to lose his life ;
“ Dr. Mengele had always been more interested in Tibi .
I am not sure why , perhaps because he was the older twin .
Mengele made several operations on Tibi .
One surgery on his spine left my brother paralyzed .
He could not walk anymore .
Then they took out his sexual organs .
After the fourth operation , I did not see Tibi anymore .
I can not tell you how I felt .
It is impossible to put into words how I felt .
They had taken away my father , my mother , my two older brothers and now , my twin . ”
Mengele’s ’ House
Link
The twins of Auschwitz were housed in more comfortable barracks than other prisoners , were better fed and were safe from the gas chambers .
He introduced himself to child twins as ‘ Uncle Mengele ’ and took them sweets , he was even referred to as ‘ Mengele the Protector ’ by some of his unsuspecting victims .
Most of the records kept by Mengele were lost or destroyed towards the end of the war so the full extent of his evil deeds will never be known .
It is known however that during World War II , around 3,000 twins were to go to Auschwitz but only around 52 of them would make it out alive .
After the war , Mengele managed to escape Germany after receiving a false identity from unsuspecting Red Cross workers who supplied papers to thousands of refugees .
He fled first to Argentina and then moved around South America in a bid to avoid capture and trial for his war crimes .
Recently , claims have been made that he may have continued his genetic experiments , though in a humane manor , in Brazil in the 1960s .
Scientists have been baffled for years as to why in a small town there , Candido Godoi , one in five pregnancies result in twins , most of whom have blond heir and blue eyes .
Careful folks .
The re-branding monster has kicked in over at Ajinomoto the maker of the aspartame product NutraSweet .
Aspartame ’s reputation has come under fire in the last couple of years as reports of possible unwanted effects of consuming the product have surfaced .
Reported effects of the pseudo - sweetener have included : seizures , joint pain , headache , nausea , and vision changes .
Savvy consumers who want to avoid questionable - at - best aspartame in their diets know to scan low calorie and diet food labels for words like NutraSweet and Equal .
But Ajinomoto announced in November of last year that they are re-branding their product as “ AminoSweet . ”
In their words , this move is because the name change “ … reflects that AminoSweet comes from the same amino acids that are abundant in the food we eat every day . ”
If you ’re avoiding aspartame in your diet be sure to be on the look out for AminoSweet on labels in the near future .
Source :
FoodBev.com November 17 , 2009
Related Articles
By Andrea Kuszewski
Created Aug 24 2009 - 4:08 pm
" There is a disconnect between what science knows and what business does . "
" Traditional notions of management work great if you want compliance , but if you want engagement , self - direction works best . "
How can companies get the best possible performance out of their employees ?
Let them do whatever they want !
And furthermore , do n't offer incentives .
Sound counter - intuitive ?
Not if you look at what research has shown regarding the economics of motivation .
According to Dan Pink ( lawyer , speech writer , author , and career analyst ) , the way to get the best original ideas out of people is to cut back on restrictions and rules regarding output , and stop offering incentives for work produced .
This may sound a little backwards , but science has shown that sometimes when we offer rewards for output or production , it affects the quality of the ideas or work as opposed to offering no incentive .
In his TED Global 2009 talk last month , Pink says : He goes on to say , So does this mean we should cut back on bonuses and perks for good performance ?
Well , maybe .
In tasks that involve focused , clear objectives and goals , incentives do work .
However , in tasks that involve creativity , innovation , and generating original ideas , offering incentives actually distracts from the mind 's ability to freely think outside of the box and be open to creative insights .
In Duncker 's famous " candle problem " illustrating Functional Fixedness ( 1945 ) , subjects are asked to attach a candle to wall in a way to prevent wax from dripping on the table - given only a candle , a book of matches , and a box of tacks .
Some subjects tried to tack the candle to the wall , others tried to melt the wax on the side of the candle to stick it to the wall .
Neither of these worked .
The solution is shown here .
The whole idea of this experiment was to show the importance of using creativity problem - solving to come up with functional solutions .
Sam Glucksberg , from Princeton University , decided to test if offering a financial reward helped people to perform better at this task .
He found that when a financial incentive was offered for completing the task in a shorter amount of time , they actually , on average , took longer to solve the problem than the group that was offered no financial incentive .
Why is this ?
When we are offered a reward for a behavior , part of our brain is focused on that reward , which is how incentives work .
However , if we are doing a task that requires creativity , narrow focus limits the range of necessary flexibility of thought that is essential to creative output .
When we are given no incentive and thus free to completely devote our mental efforts to just solving the problem , our mind is able to generate these creative solutions faster .
Pink talks of companies such as Google and Atlassian who have pre-set " free work times " ; during these times , employees have no restrictions on what they can work on , what time they have to be in the office , even whether or not they have be in the office at all to do their work .
The only stipulation is that they have to get " something " done .
It is these times , where they are basically free to work on whatever they want , that end up generating up to half of the total successful innovative developments for the company .
Because the employees did not have to focus on anything like specs or any particular ideology , they were driven only by their own intrinsic motivation to work , thinking for the pure enjoyment of generating new ideas .
Autonomy , it seems , is the new form of management when it comes to creative output .
In an age where computers are taking over computational tasks and more of the focused directional work , we rely heavily on the human capacity to be creative .
Creativity has become vitally important for the advancement of society and the continuation of forward progress ; development of new technologies , innovations , and even scientific theories are driven by creative ideation .
If we want engineers , scientists , or any type of worker to be able to function at their absolute creative best , allowing them to freely explore their ideas without having to worry about restrictive subject matter , methods , or ideology is the best way to reach that goal .
Click above to view the video after the jump
We 've seen Valentino Balboni drive the tires off his namesake and even managed to spend a few hours with the man while stuck in LA 's notoriously hellish traffic .
Now , Danish magazine Bil Magasinet gets some quality time with the famed test driver as he flogs his Lamborghini LP550 - 2 across the frozen countryside .
Balboni's warm , Italian charm stands in stark contrast to the surrounding snow as he offers up several choice quotes about Lamborghinis past and present , his time with the automaker and the development of the LP550 - 2 , among others .
Speaking about the lack of all - wheel drive , Balboni says simply , " You need to control the car , the car does n't control you . "
And with that he pulls off yet another perfect powerslide and goes about his day .
It 's like you 're sitting in the passenger seat yourself .
Hit the jump to see what we mean .
Emacs 23.1.93 pretest
From : Chong Yidong Subject : Emacs 23.1.93 pretest Date : Fri , 26 Feb 2010 22:40:05 - 0500
Emacs pretest 23.1.93 is now available for download via FTP , at the following location : ftp://alpha.gnu.org/gnu/emacs/pretest/emacs-23.1.93.tar.gz
The xdelta against the Emacs 23.1.92 pretest is here : ftp://alpha.gnu.org/gnu/emacs/pretest/emacs-23.1.92-23.1.93.xdelta
This is the fourth pretest for what will be the Emacs 23.2 release .
Developers : as explained in a previous email , in a few days we will cut the 23.2 branch and open the trunk for Emacs 24 development .
Only regression bugfixes and documentation changes will be accepted into the branch .
So consider this the very last call for non-regression fixes : if there is one that you would like to make , please discuss on emacs - devel now .
Pretesters : please send me an email reporting success or failure on your build platform .
Report bugs via M-x report - emacs - bugs , or email address@hidden For questions , email address@hidden
Thanks .
reply via email to
Sir Kevin Tebbit gives evidence at the Iraq inquiry guardian .co.uk
The US believed that Britain would take an active part in the Iraq war even if there were no attempts to solve the crisis through the UN , the inquiry into the conflict heard today .
During the first evidence so far from senior military and defence ministry figures , Admiral Lord Boyce , the chief of the defence staff from 2001 to 2003 , told the inquiry panel that US generals and America 's then - defence secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , seemingly refused to countenance the possibility that Britain would not commit troops .
" No matter how many times you said to senior American officers , and indeed Mr Rumsfeld , that we were not committing our forces until we had been through the proper UN process , and had been through parliament as well , there was a complete reluctance to believe that , " Boyce told the panel , chaired by former senior civil servant Sir John Chilcot .
" It was a case of : ' Yeah , I know you 've got to say that , but come the day you 'll be there . '
[ That ] was the attitude . "
Boyce also said that he and other top British military officers found it " very frustrating " that they could not carry out logistical plans for an apparently imminent war because the government feared such preparations would make the public assume a conflict was inevitable .
Boyce said he had not been permitted to make purchases or carry out other practical planning for deployment to Iraq before November 2002 , just four months before British troops joined the invasion .
The then - defence secretary , Geoff Hoon , had made this decision as he did not wish news of such concrete planning to leak out while the government was still officially committed to solving the dispute via the United Nations .
Boyce said : " It was very frustrating .
I was not allowed to do that .
In other words , having refined our theoretical strategic planning , I could not take the next step , which was to implement it and to start doing the necessary purchasing and bringing things forward , getting people in the right sort of place . "
In the meantime , Boyce added , all he could carry out was " high - level planning " .
The delays meant that one key army brigade was not fully ready for deployment until a day before the invasion started , Boyce confirmed .
Sir Roderic Lyne , one of the five members of the inquiry team , asked him : " I understand that 7 Brigade did not reach full operating capability until 19 March ? "
Boyce replied : " So far as the division is concerned , the army division , you 're right , they did n't reach full operational capability until March . "
Separately , Boyce condemned both Rumsfeld and the UK's then - international development secretary , Clare Short , for what he said were failures in properly planning for the aftermath of the invasion .
Boyce said he was " always extremely concerned about the anorexic nature of the American contribution " .
He explained : " The Americans at that particular stage were very much : ' We 're going to do the war - fighting , not the peacekeeping . ' "
Combined with Rumsfeld 's desire to minimise the number of ground troops , this meant " we were desperately under - resourced so far as those forces going towards Baghdad were concerned " , he added .
Asked about cooperation between various arms of government , Boyce said : " I thought Dfid [ the Department for International Development ] were particularly uncooperative , particularly as led by Clare Short .
We had people on the ground who were excellent operators from Dfid who were told to sit in a tent and not do anything . "
Also giving evidence this morning was Sir Kevin Tebbit , who as permanent secretary at the Ministry of Defence from 1998 to 2005 was the ministry 's top civil servant at the time of the invasion .
Asked about funding for the military operation , Tebbit said that while there was not enough money for the MoD as a whole , Gordon Brown , then still the chancellor , did provide sufficient funds for the war .
" At no stage did the chancellor of the exchequer withhold the funds [ needed to carry out the operation ] , " he said .
" The problem was a more basic one about the defence budget as a whole .
It was just that the defence budget was too small . "
Tebbit – who labelled the accusation that the war was waged for oil " completely untrue " – said Britain 's generals had never actively sought a role in Iraq , telling the panel : " At no stage , frankly , did I feel that there was an effort by the military establishment to drive the agenda .
Whether that was the case in the United States , I can not say . "
But he noted that it was recognised that , in taking part in the invasion , the UK would have far more of a say over what happened in Iraq , a lesson learned from the first Iraq conflict in 1991 .
" Unless and until one had boots on the ground , one did not have serious influence on America , " he said .
AFP
THE past month has not been a good one for Rajendra Pachauri ( pictured above ) , the charismatic chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and director general of TERI , an Indian research institute .
His numerous positions on boards and industrial advisory panels , in India and beyond , have led to charges of conflicts of interest .
His intemperate defence of mistakes about Himalayan glaciers in the most recent IPCC report had to be followed by a public statement of regret as it became clear that the IPCC had indeed been wrong — and that its source has been a magazine article rather than a piece of scientific literature .
And , to cap it all , public mockery of mildly salacious passages in his recently published novel ( he writes poetry , too ) has added further spice , if not substance , to the stories .
The mistaken claim about the glaciers — that they could disappear by 2035 — “ never really came to my attention ” before the end of last year , Dr Pachauri maintains , though the opportunities for it to have done so were numerous .
Syed Hasnain , the researcher cited by press reports as a source for the number ( though he denies saying it ) , is now a consultant at TERI , though Dr Pachauri says he “ hardly interacts ” with him .
The claim featured prominently in a presentation that Anastasios Kentarchos of the European Union gave at a TERI meeting where Dr Pachauri was to deliver a “ keynote ” address .
Dr Pachauri , however , says he left without attending any of the actual sessions .
Pallava Bagla , who brought the story to wide attention in Science last November , says he discussed the matter with Dr Pachauri and e-mailed him about it .
Dr Pachauri says the discussions were just a question at a press conference that he did not really take on board , and that he read no such e-mails .
Shades of grey
The glacier story has led the IPCC 's critics to pore over its most recent report , focusing on claims that arise from the “ grey literature ” — normally taken to mean reports by governments and other organisations that are not published commercially or passed through academic channels .
It is widely believed the IPCC looks only at peer - reviewed studies , but the panel 's guidelines do allow information from elsewhere , as long as it is critically assessed and has proper references .
What counts as grey , though , is itself a grey area .
Chris Field of the Carnegie Institution , who is co-chairman of the IPCC 's working group II , defends his decision to cite a story from the New York Times as an illustration of the effect of poor electricity supply during a heatwave : it was not being used to provide quantitative data , or an assessment of how confident one should be in a result , but just to say that something happened .
Still , most would not see the Gray Lady as grey literature .
To accept a role for grey literature at the IPCC , provided it is properly and critically assessed by the authors , is not to say that peer - reviewed publications should not dominate the assessments .
They should .
But to allow nothing but peer - reviewed literature would not only cut the IPCC off from some relevant material , it could also help well - placed insiders to marginalise opinions they do not approve of .
There are indications of this in some of the e-mails from and to the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia that were released on to the web late last year .
The IPCC 's own review process is more catholic ; it is quite easy to become a reviewer .
But that may not , in itself , be enough .
One reviewer of the previous report pointed out work by Roger Pielke junior of the University of Colorado that contradicted what the IPCC was saying about climate - related trends in the costs of disasters .
In responding , an anonymous IPCC author said that he or she believed Dr Pielke had changed his mind on the matter , without either asking him or , apparently , studying his most recent publications on the subject , which showed he had not .
( Dr Pielke also thinks a graph on the subject was redrawn to buttress a case that cannot actually be stood up . )
The fact that critics can dig far enough into the reviewing process to see such details speaks well of the IPCC 's transparency , but not all of its procedures are easy to scrutinise .
The selection of authors , for example , is something of a black box .
Since it is on the expertise , judgment and character of these authors , as much or more than on procedure , that the whole enterprise rests , this needs reform .
Other procedures are simply lacking .
Charges of conflict of interest levelled at Dr Pachauri are hard to judge because the governments which organise the IPCC have provided no way for interests to be declared , or for conflicts to be assessed .
Dr Pachauri says he would be quite happy for them to do so .
At the same time , interpreting such conflict as suggestive of personal gain , he rejects charges made against him .
He says that , on his appointment in 2002 , he refused even to take money for his office from the IPCC , and that all payments for his advice and services go to TERI , not to him .
Though he has brought new resources and standing to the institute , his TERI salary , he says , has risen only in line with inflation .
How much that would be , though , he can not say .
He does not , apparently , trouble himself to know what his salary actually is .
A transcript of the interview with Dr Pachauri can be read here .
LOS ANGELES —
The energy was electric Monday night ( February 1 ) at Henson Studios as more than 80 of music 's biggest stars gathered for a charity remake of " We Are the World " in support of Haitian earthquake relief .
" I feel like a kid in a candy store , " Wyclef Jean said , speaking to the press about the idea of remaking such an iconic song , which is getting production help from RedOne and Will .
I.Am .
" What 's bigger than a contribution is that you lend your voice , " the Haitian native said earlier in the day to his peers while trying to inspire them during the session , which began around 3 p.m. and lasted well into the night .
Among the voices in the 81 - member choir were Pink , [ artist id = " 510062 " ]
Lil Wayne [ / artist ] , [ artist id =" 1230523 " ]
Kanye West [ / artist ] , Nick Jonas , LL Cool J , [ artist id =" 3235468 " ]
Robin Thicke [ / artist ] , Celine Dion , Akon , Rob Thomas , Wyclef , Jeff Bridges , Vince Vaughn , Barbra Streisand , Jordin Sparks , Good Charlotte 's Madden brothers , Tony Bennett , Josh Groban , Snoop Dogg , [ artist id = " 3187077 " ] Justin Bieber [ / artist ] , [ artist id =" 2481017 " ] Jennifer Hudson [ / artist ] , Keri Hilson , Jamie Foxx , Tyrese , Katharine McPhee , Sean Garrett , Will .
I.Am , Carlos Santana , Melanie Fiona , Enrique Iglesias , Toni Braxton , Jason Mraz , Miley Cyrus , Busta Rhymes , Nicole Scherzinger , Nicole Richie , [ artist id = " 1270 " ] Usher [ / artist ] , Julianne Hough , Raphael Saadiq , Zac Brown , India .
Arie , " American Idol " judge Randy Jackson , Musiq Soulchild , Heart 's Ann and Nancy Wilson , Fonzworth Bentley , Kid Cudi , Iyaz , Bizzy Bone , Nipsey Hussle , the Beach Boys ' Brian Wilson and Al Jardine , Trey Songz , Faith Evans , Mya and Gladys Knight .
( Head here for a full list of " We Are the World " participants . )
Kanye , wearing a red jacket with sparkling gold crisscross accents , stood center in the front row , between Wyclef and Hudson .
Among the soloists whose sessions were screened for journalists at press time were Bieber , Dion and Groban .
Lil Wayne also came out and humbly noted that he recorded the solo originally sung by Bob Dylan .
The inspirational lyrics were laid down over a track that had a more modern Southern hip - hop bounce to it .
The recording session took place almost 25 years to the day since the original song for African famine relief was recorded .
In a statement , Jones said , " Twenty five years ago , the entertainment industry showed the power of community to help our fellow man when we recorded ' We Are The World ' to bring relief to those suffering from famine in Ethiopia .
And while the need to assistant Africa continues , today the country of Haiti is suffering immeasurably from the destruction due to the recent earthquake and is in immediate need of relief that will last long after the television cameras have left .
As artists , we have joined together on this 25th anniversary and in the spirit of ' We Are The World ' to help meet that need . "
" The experience was out of this world , " said Bieber , who sang Lionel Richie 's original opening line .
The world premiere of the song 's video will air during NBC 's coverage of the opening ceremony of the Vancouver Winter Olympics on Friday , February 12 .
According to a press release from the organizers , both the new version of " We Are the World " and the accompanying video will be available for purchase through a consortium of on - line and retail partners , with all proceeds going directly to the earthquake - relief efforts in Haiti through the We Are The World Foundation , a newly created not - for - profit organization made up of board members Quincy Jones , Lionel Richie , Wyclef Jean , Paul Haggis , Randy Phillips and Ambassador Louis Moreno of the Inter - American Development Bank .
Learn more about what you can do to help with earthquake - relief efforts in Haiti , and for more information , see Think MTV .
Visit HopeForHaitiNow.org or call ( 877 ) 99 - HAITI to make a donation now .
A Sydney judge has condemned the vow of chastity as a " cruel requirement " as he sentenced a Catholic priest to at least six months in jail for grooming a girl for sex .
The parish priest was arrested last August when he went to the Parramatta Stadium car park to meet a person he believed was a 13 - year - old girl he had been chatting with for three weeks on the internet .
Father Robert MacGregor
Fuller had used a webcam to broadcast himself masturbating to ' Katie ' , who was in fact an undercover detective .
Fuller , 54 , had served for six years at All Saints church in Liverpool , in south - west Sydney .
He was today handed a maximum jail sentence of 18 months , with a non-parole period of six months , after pleading guilty in Parramatta District Court .
In sentencing submissions today , the priest told the court the internet relationship was a fantasy and a game , and he needed to release energy .
Handing down his sentence , Justice Hughes said Fuller had been sexually frustrated after a life of celibacy .
He described the vow of chastity as " agonising " and " cruel " .
But the judge said children were vulnerable and sexually innocent and " for an adult to exploit them is repugnant . "
Justice Hughes said other people with pressures of life managed to escape those through legal forms of recreation .
Fuller was suspended by the Archdiocese of Sydney when he was arrested .
12 | 123 min | Action , Adventure , Comedy
6.7 Rate this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 6.7 / 10 X 58 Metascore
In Jumanji : The Next Level , the gang is back but the game has changed .
As they return to rescue one of their own , the players will have to brave parts unknown from arid deserts to snowy mountains , to escape the world 's most dangerous game .
Director : Jake Kasdan | Stars : Dwayne Johnson , Jack Black , Kevin Hart , Karen Gillan
Votes : 172,798 | Gross : $ 316.83 M
President Barack Obama wo n’t be re-elected in 2012 unless he can “ toughen up ” on national security , according to Sarah Palin .
The former Governor of Alaska believes that declaring war on Iran could help the president get re-elected .
“ Say he decided to declare war on Iran or decided really to come out and do whatever he could to support Israel , which I would like him to do , ” Palin told Fox News ’ Chris Wallace Sunday .
“ That changes the dynamics in what we can assume is going to happen between now and three years . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin clarified that she does n’t think that Obama would cynically “ play the war card ” to help his 2012 bid .
“ I ’m saying if he did , things would dramatically change if he decided to toughen up and do all that he can to secure our nation and our allies , ” she said .
Palin said she does n’t think Obama would be re-elected if he ran today .
Obama could find himself going up against the former governor when he runs for re-election .
Palin told Chris Wallace that she was n’t ruling out the possibility of running for office .
“ I wo n’t close the door that perhaps could be open for me in the future , ” she said .
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast Feb. 7 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
I 'm not much of a basketball player .
Middle - age , with a shaky set shot and a bad knee , I can't hold my own in a YMCA pickup game , let alone against more organized competition .
But I could definitely beat LeBron James in a game of one - on - one .
The game just needs to feature two special rules :
It lasts until I score , and when I score , I win .
We might have to play for a few days , and Mr. James 's point total could well be creeping toward five figures before the contest ended , but eventually the gritty gutty competitor with a lunch - bucket ...
A woman who was shot and killed Monday night outside her condo building as she tended to her toddler was the victim of a targeted attack , police said .
" We do not believe this was a random attack .
The gunman lay in wait for this woman and with absolute disregard for the victim and the safety of her small child opened fire , " said Det. Sgt. Pauline Gray at a media conference at Norfinch Ave .
Police have identified the woman as 45 - year - old Laura Rios .
Neighbours said she lived in the condo at 2130 Weston Rd. where she was shot .
Police are looking for an older model dark vehicle with a loud muffler that headed southbound on Weston Rd. shortly after the attack .
They are also looking for a man wearing a navy - blue hooded sweatshirt , grey sweatpants who is between 5 - foot - 10 and 6 - foot tall .
Gray said police have recovered some surveillance video of the scene .
" People did see somebody , " said Gray .
" It is just a matter of getting to people as we can . "
Gray said there was no reason to believe Rios , whom neighbours say is a Colombian immigrant who ran her own shipping business , was involved in anything illegal and would not comment on whether she was known to police .
" It is an unfortunate fact that obviously , when a woman is killed , domestic is where you would look first , " said Gray .
" But every avenue is open at this point . "
Gray would not reveal where the 2 - year - old toddler was , or offer further details on how she was doing .
" We have safety concerns for everybody in this matter so we will just say the child is in good hands . "
She declined to speculate on why someone would shoot a woman as she cared for a child .
" Adults have whatever issues they have .
But this is a lovely innocent little girl .
I can't imagine what she will have to do or have to go through for the rest of her life . "
A postmortem has been scheduled for Wednesday .
Shortly after 8:30 p.m. , as Rios pulled up to the building 's underground garage in a pickup truck , her daughter strapped in beside her , the killer opened fire .
Police responding to a report of gunshots found her around 8:45 p.m. , sprawled in a pool of blood behind the white Ford .
A police officer carried the girl past the body after unstrapping her from the car .
The uninjured child was sitting in the pickup 's cab , which had bullet holes in the door .
" I think the careful thing is not to look for a reason , because as far as I 'm concerned , there is no reason , " Gray said .
Rios 's friends described her as a hardworking woman who came to Canada more than 20 years ago .
She built a shipping company specializing in sending large containers between Canada and various parts of South America .
From sending a container or two every year , she grew the company to the point where it was sending a container nearly every month .
Mia Velez , who has known Rios for about 20 years , said she was outgoing and liked to go dancing together .
Since her daughter was born , however , she had curtailed her social life to spend more time with her .
" She was an excellent person , good with the kids .
She was bubbly , friendly , " Velez recalled .
" I do n't know who would want to hurt her . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
She said Rios had two other children , both boys , from a previous marriage .
Both were born in Canada and one , a teenager , still lived with her .
Her mother and much of her family remained in Colombia .
Windows 7
New Windows 7 Tools and Toys
If you are reading this post , than probably you might have heard positive feedbacks for the new beta edition of Microsoft Windows 7 operating system , and about the new Windows 7 tools and the rich Windows 7 toolbox for ordinary users and professionals .
Microsoft has recently allowed users to download the Beta Edition Build 7000 of Windows 7 Ultimate for free and test Win7 , use Win7 on their own computers .
Any way , last week the beta download period ended .
But you can download Windows 7 setup from your friends or from developers and administrators within your city .
I can share my Windows 7 setup if any one who is living in Istanbul , Turkey wants to install and test the new Windows 7 and new Win7 tools .
Ok , now which tools comes with new generation of MS Windows OS , Windows 7 ?
I 'll not make them in an order .
Just a list of Windows 7 tools I remember now .
AppLocker : Windows 7 AppLocker feature enables Windows administrators to control users rights to use and execute a program and software application or not .
By using Local Security Policy management console , Windows 7 users can create executable rules to allow or deny execute rights over publishers , programs , etc and user accounts .
For more about Windows AppLocker Windows 7 tool , refer to Windows 7 AppLocker guide :
PSR Problem Steps Recorder : Great tool for help desk supporters , makes life easier for software developers and testers .
And if you want to show someone a process step by step , you can think of using the Problem Steps Recorder tool ( PSR ) that comes new with Windows7 .
If you want to learn about this new Windows 7 tool please check the following tutorial :
Windows Easy Transfer :
Very useful if you want to move or copy even back up your settings on one computer to an other , then Windows Easy Transfer is perfect for you .
Choose from a wide range of file types and locations , gather them in a protected one file just like SQL Server taking a backup of a database , protect the .MIG migration file with a password and take the security of your private data .
Then you can import the exported .mig file contents on a target computer which makes you migrate your profile , your personal settings , your files from one computer to an other .
Dump file creation :
If you are developing software and enterprise level applications on wide system , you might frequently face with problems that needs to take a dump file and let a more professional person from Microsoft or an other company 's support to work on it .
Now you can take a dump file on the Task Manager screen .
On a process in the Task Manager screen , if you open the context menu by a right click , you will see the " Create Dump File " menu item on the list .
This will enable you create the dump you need .
MS Paint : MS
Paint has now changed alot .
New Taskbar : New Windows 7 Taskbar has great features enabling a simple and comfortable experience on the Windows 7 desktops .
If you prefer to work with a lot of applications open and running , and if your desktop is crowd enough to get lost , the new Taskbar will help you a lot .
Windows users can find a how - to guide about
Windows 7 Task Scheduler Software : Microsoft has build a better task scheduler software for Windows 7 users .
When compared with task scheduling tool that comes with Windows XP ,
Windows 7 Backup Software is for backing and restoring for Windows users data which can be easily managed .
Sent me your favorite tools you found in Windows 7 and share it here !
Hello all , If you are reading this post , than probably you might have heard positive feedbacks for the new beta edition of Microsoft Windows 7 operating system , and about the new Windows 7 tools and the rich Windows 7 toolbox for ordinary users and professionals .
Microsoft has recently allowed users to download the Beta Edition Build 7000 of Windows 7 Ultimate for free and test Win7 , use Win7 on their own computers .
Any way , last week the beta download period ended .
But you can download Windows 7 setup from your friends or from developers and administrators within your city .
I can share my Windows 7 setup if any one who is living in Istanbul , Turkey wants to install and test the new Windows 7 and new Win7 tools .
Ok , now which tools comes with new generation of MS Windows OS , Windows 7 ?
I 'll not make them in an order .
Just a list ofI remember now . : Windows 7 AppLocker feature enables Windows administrators to control users rights to use and execute a program and software application or not .
By using Local Security Policy management console , Windows 7 users can create executable rules to allow or deny execute rights over publishers , programs , etc and user accounts .
For more about Windows AppLocker Windows 7 tool , refer to Windows 7 AppLocker guide : Microsoft Windows 7 AppLocker Tool Step by Step : Great tool for help desk supporters , makes life easier for software developers and testers .
And if you want to show someone a process step by step , you can think of using the Problem Steps Recorder tool ( PSR ) that comes new with Windows7 .
If you want to learn about this new Windows 7 tool please check the following tutorial : How to use Windows 7 Tool Problem Steps Recorder ( PSR ) :
Very useful if you want to move or copy even back up your settings on one computer to an other , then Windows Easy Transfer is perfect for you .
Choose from a wide range of file types and locations , gather them in a protected one file just like SQL Server taking a backup of a database , protect the .MIG migration file with a password and take the security of your private data .
Then you can import the exported .mig file contents on a target computer which makes you migrate your profile , your personal settings , your files from one computer to an other . :
If you are developing software and enterprise level applications on wide system , you might frequently face with problems that needs to take a dump file and let a more professional person from Microsoft or an other company 's support to work on it .
Now you can take a dump file on the Task Manager screen .
On a process in the Task Manager screen , if you open the context menu by a right click , you will see the " Create Dump File " menu item on the list .
This will enable you create the dump you need . : MS Paint has now changed alot . : New Windows 7
Taskbar has great features enabling a simple and comfortable experience on the Windows 7 desktops .
If you prefer to work with a lot of applications open and running , and if your desktop is crowd enough to get lost , the new Taskbar will help you a lot .
Windows users can find a how - to guide about Windows 7 Taskbar here . : Microsoft has build a better task scheduler software for Windows 7 users .
When compared with task scheduling tool that comes with Windows XP , Microsoft Windows Task Scheduler is an anvanced and enhanced task scheduling software just like other Windows 7 tools .is for backing and restoring for Windows users data which can be easily managed .
Windows 7 Backup and Restore utility is a graphical Windows Backup tool for Windows 7 users .
The software has an advanced automatic file backup feature which keeps your data up - to - date and safeSent me your favorite tools you found in Windows 7 and share it here !
About eralper SQL Server administrator and T - SQL developer including BI components Web programming with HTML , HTML5 and ASP , ASP.NET and .NET Framework developer SAP ABAP and SAPUI5 development , Web Dynpro and Smart Form Siemens HiPath Center CTI development Anonymous comments are disabledSQL Server administrator and T - SQL developer including BI components Web programming with HTML , HTML5 and ASP , ASP.NET and .NET Framework developer SAP ABAP and SAPUI5 development , Web Dynpro and Smart Form Siemens HiPath Center CTI development
Sen . Webb : Defense Spending Should n’t Be ‘ Sacrosanct ’
Created : February 02 , 2010 11:09 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The only one on the Senate Armed Services Committee this morning who says the defense budget should be on the table for President Obama ’s spending freeze is a former Navy secretary — Sen. Jim Webb ( D - Va. ) .
Saying that there ’s no reason military spending should be “ sacrosanct , ” Webb urged Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm.
Michael Mullen to “ take a hard look at programs that do n’t produce a clear bottom line . ”
Webb shot out three programs .
First , he questioned the wisdom of giving $ 60 million to Blackwater to train sailors in self - defense on board ships — or , as Webb put it , “ how to do their job . ”
He attacked sending military officers to defense think tanks to serve as fellows , specifically calling out the well - connected Center for a New American Security , which has sent a lot of its own analysts to the Obama State and Defense Departments .
“ The American taxpayer is funding think tanks that do n’t really produce any added value to the Department of Defense , ” Webb said .
Finally , Webb called out the Pentagon ’s “ mentorship ” program — recently the subject of a USA Today investigative report — that basically allows retired officers who serve in many cases on defense contractor boards to still get Pentagon cash for advising active - duty officers .
Gates deflected Webb ’s criticism , saying merely , “ We will certainly continue to look at these things . ”
He defended the mentorship program , but said vaguely to expect “ fairly dramatic changes ” to its administration , thanks to a study by Deputy Secretary William Lynn .
Home
Specialists in Creo Parametric Services
At XPT Associates we have been offering a range of integrated training , consultancy and design services for the Pro/ ENGINEER and Creo Parametric suite of design software for over 20 years .
We work closely with our customers throughout the UK and Northern Europe to ensure that they get the most out of their investment in engineering design software .
Our customers cover a broad spectrum of disiplines from electromechanical to heavy engineering and include design consultancies such as Cambridge Consultants and multi-nationals such as GE and Siemens .
CreoParametric
Creo Training Engineering Services
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Opposition leader Tzipi Livni on Tuesday called upon the international community to support Israel ’s effort to fight terrorism , alluding for the first time to the assassination of Hamas weapons procurement director Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , which foreign sources have attributed to the Mossad .
Speaking at the closing plenary of the Jewish Agency Board of Governor ’s meeting at the capital ’s Inbal Hotel , Livni said that any comparison between terrorism and those fighting it is immoral .
Noting that US forces in Afghanistan accidentally killed 27 civilians on Monday , she said it must be made clear that the world supports armies that are fighting terrorists , and not terrorists who target innocent civilians .
“ Every terrorist must know that no one will support him when a soldier , and it does n’t matter what soldier , tries to kill him , whether it is in the Gaza Strip , Afghanistan or Dubai , ” Livni said .
“ I do n’t expect the world to welcome the killing of terrorists , but I do expect the world to not criticize it .
” Livni said she did not know who was responsible for the killing of Mabhouh .
She mocked the criticism Israel has taken from the international community for the assassination .
“ What was disproportionate this time ? ” she asked .
“ Was there a disproportionate use of passports ?
" Livni had been under pressure to comment about the assassination , especially when it was first revealed that the assassins were caught ontape .
But Livni , who briefly worked for the Mossad , refused tocriticize the operation .
In her speech at the Jewish Agency meeting , she also complained that Israel ’s political system had been “ hijacked by ultra -Orthodox parties .
” Livni ’s critic , Kadima MK Eli Aflalo , criticized her for making theparty “ too anti-religious . ”
He intends to raise such concerns atKadima ’s council meeting on Wednesday at the party ’s Petah Tikvaheadquarters .
The theme of the council meeting will be criticizing the first year of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ’s administration .
I 've been a skeptic a long time , maybe 25 years or more now .
It did n't happen all at once , though there have been sudden world - shift moments for me .
I 've been an active skeptic -- outspoken , that is , willing to talk about this stuff -- for about 10 years now .
But now , finally , I feel that I have arrived at the Holy Grail of skepticism : a goofball antiscience promoter has quote mined me .
Quote mining is a tradition among the antireality crowd : they find something a scientist has said , and then leave out certain words , or edit out the context , making it look like the quote is the opposite of what the actual intention was .
Creationists are notorious for this , but others do it as well .
On a bulletin board site called Christian Forums , there is a user who goes by the name " Agonaces of Susa " , and this person has the usual antiscience CV stocked with creationism and such , but also , apparently , is a supporter of Velikovsky 's ridiculous and long - ago - debunked claims about astronomy .
For those of you who are happily unaware , Immanuel Velikovsky wrote a series of books decades ago saying that the events in the Bible were literally true , and caused by various astronomical things like planets careening around the solar system like billiard balls , interacting in impossible ways , and doing many impossible things .
He'd have been better off just saying those were all miracles of God , but still , a lot of people swallowed his nonsense whole .
It 's mostly dead now , with just a few reality - denying holdouts .
I wrote a chapter in my first book , Bad Astronomy , dealing with the Velikovsky affair .
In this post on the forums , AoS says this little gem :
You trust the pseudoscientist Phil Plait that , these are his words , " Magnetism is ... a joke in astronomy " ?
Wow !
That makes it seem like astronomers are idiots , does n't it ?
As if we do n't believe in magnetism at all , and that we think it has no role in astrophysics .
But wait !
Look at what he wrote .
It has the magic wand of quote mining pseudoscience : the ellipsis !
That means he left something out of what I said .
And so what was it he left out ?
Magnetism is a very important topic in astrophysics ( despite some pseudoscientists lying and saying this force is ignored ) , but it ’s not well - understood .
It ’s fiendishly complex , so much so that it ’s a joke in astronomy : when giving a colloquium about an astronomical object ’s weird features , saying it ’s due to magnetism will always get a chuckle out of an audience .
And it ’s a standard joke that if you want to derail a talk , ask the speaker about the effects of magnetism .
In three dimensions , magnetism is ferociously difficult to model .
I bolded the part that was quote mined , and as you can see , AoS completely took out of context what I was saying .
He also misinterprets what I said about Velikovsky .
While I did say that Velikovsky was wrong about everything , I meant that he was wrong about his science .
Sure , he said Venus would be hot , but the reason he said it would be hot was completely wrong ( Velikovsky claimed it was ejected whole from Jupiter , which is about the wrongest wrong you can ever wrongly wrongify ) .
Even if you drop a shotgun you might have one pellet hit the target , but that ai n't skill .
That thread on the forum goes on and on , and AoS is joined by others who appear to willfully misunderstand what I 'm saying , or at least pick and choose from what I 've said to make it look like I 'm wrong .
That might work for the flock ( or the Simpsons ) , but the rest of the world sees right through them .
But will these people listen ?
Of course not !
Because this is their arguing tactic :
Still , it 's an honor to have been quote mined .
Thank you , gentlemen , for reminding me just why I fight this fight every single day .
With the 2010 Winter Olympics in progress , naturally the site of the revival of the modern Olympics comes to mind .
The 1896 Summer Olympics were held here ; also , check out the Athens Olympic Stadium and sports complex constructed for the 2004 Summer Olympics .
If your tastes run more towards archaeology , there 's the Archaeological Museum , where you can see the Antikythera Mechanism among many other artifacts .
Count on a geek to be interested in ancient mechanical computers ...
As Nigeria enters its second decade of civilian rule facing myriad problems , the BBC's Focus on Africa magazine asks if the country is on its way to being a failed state .
YES , says lawyer and poet , Ogaga Ifowodo NO , says agribusiness consultant , Waziri Haruna Ahmadu Read the two conflicting opinions and then let us know what you think using the postform below .
YES - Ogaga Ifowodo Ogaga Ifowodo is currently in the US doing his PhD Ogaga Ifowodo is a lawyer and a poet whose book , The Oil Lamp , is about the Niger Delta crisis .
He is currently completing a PhD at Cornell University in New York .
Most , if not all of the indices of failed states , declare Nigeria well on its way to joining that disreputable club .
Nigeria boasts a government unable to deliver basic social services .
It is plagued by corruption so endemic and monumental it is hard to separate it from state policy .
It lacks the capability or discipline to prevent threats to public safety and national integrity and is assailed by active challenges to its legitimacy .
The latest disaster of a re-run election in Ekiti state , meant to correct the errors of the first , proved an even greater show of shame .
While Nigerians , notoriously prickly in their nationalism , may loudly denounce any suggestions from abroad of the imminent disintegration of their country , they nonetheless admit the unflattering truth of this possibility to themselves and each other .
' Critically weak '
The inflammable Niger Delta , for long the booty of successive bands of political pirates and now also a seething swamp of untameable angst , points clearly to the dangerously frayed social fabric .
Is Sierra Leone now a stronger state than its one - time saviour Nigeria ?
The Brookings Institution 's index of state weakness ranks Nigeria 28 out of 141 developing countries and was co-authored by Susan Rice , President Barack Obama 's top diplomat at the United Nations .
It places the self - styled " giant of Africa " in the honoured company of Somalia , Afghanistan and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Looking on the bright side , Nigeria happily sits on the cusp for countries termed " critically weak " as opposed to the merely " weak " states .
But if the Brookings Institution takes a kind view of Nigeria , the American Fund for Peace , a research body , thinks otherwise .
In its 2008 index of failed states , Nigeria is only two short rungs away from being in the same category as Somalia and Zimbabwe .
Ironically , Nigeria has to look up the ladder at Sierra Leone and Liberia , two countries she spared no expense of life , limb and hard currency to bring out of civil wars to restore to democracy .
Yet none of this goes to the heart of the problem .
For to speak of Nigeria as a failed state is , in a sense , to put the cart before the horse .
' Geographical expression '
Never having been a nation to start with , the question of a legitimate state to handle her affairs proves redundant .
We must therefore , open the dusty pages of history for the radical cause of Nigeria 's state of distress and there we will find that what we have grown accustomed to calling a nation deserving of a state is , to quote one of her " founding fathers " , " a mere geographical expression . "
Nigeria is not a nation , the late Chief Obafemi Awolowo declared with characteristic forthrightness more than a decade before nominal independence from Britain .
Life remains tough for most Nigerians
For saying the unsaid and for championing constitutional federalism along the lines of Nigeria 's multitude of ethnic groups , Mr Awolowo was labelled a tribalist and unjustly maligned until his death in 1987 .
The unwillingness to grapple with the trauma of Nigeria 's stillbirth as a nation is the great political unconscious - the implacable repressed - that returns at will to haunt and mock the state of denial .
This repressed truth , being political , hides as it were in the open .
It can be seen in the headlines and by - lines of our newspapers .
It is volubly declaimed in bars and every public forum where two or more Nigerians are gathered .
It defines the so - called " national question " , so cacophonous that the prodigious expense of political and psychological energy needed by Nigeria 's self - appointed rulers to repress it produces such frightful spectacles as compel the verdict of a failed or rapidly failing state .
A mere geographical expression indeed , or , as another " founding father " preferred to put it , " the mistake of 1914 . "
That was the fateful year the British colonial administrator , Lord Frederick Lugard , merged by colonial fiat northern and southern protectorates and the colony of Lagos to form Nigeria .
Meaning , " people of the [ lower ] Niger area " , it was as if the hallowed river possessed the magic to transform disparate denizens within its acceptable radius into nationhood by mere eponymous naming .
This would be deemed superstitious in any other context but the colonial .
Unfortunately , this mistake has yet to be acknowledged , for if nations are " imagined communities " as Professor Benedict Anderson said in his book of the same name , Nigeria was clearly unimagined by its would - be citizens and perhaps unimaginable for very long in its current state of existence .
Return to top NO - Waziri Haruna Ahmadu Waziri Haruna Ahmadu advises President Yar 'Adua Waziri Haruna Ahmadu , a former Health and Agriculture Secretary , is an agribusiness consultant working with the chief economic adviser to Nigerian President Umaru Musa Yar 'Adua
It is obvious , all the signs of a state heading for failure - where a constitutional authority increasingly shows an inability to provide basic services like guaranteeing security to life and property , maintenance of economic and social services , infrastructure and food security - are not evident .
On the contrary , for the first time in the country 's history , Nigeria is attempting to address its economic and social infrastructure inadequacies .
The economy has never been more open to new investors and the government recognises the imperative for private - sector investments in critical infrastructure such as power , transportation and energy .
Public anxiety is understandable when , after two years of taking over from the previous administration , little appears to have been achieved in fulfilling campaign promises .
But it has also to be understood that this administration had to start from scratch when it took office .
Rising income Parliamentary investigations and discoveries by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission have recently revealed that the previous administration had wasted a substantial part of its eight years in power doing little while the country 's critical infrastructure continued to decay .
Owing to the current administration 's new economic management style , a gross domestic product growth of 6.41 % in 2008 compares well with other economies around the world .
The current drivers of growth in the Nigerian economy are from the non-oil and gas sector .
Nigeria 's foreign reserves have grown by around $ 10 billion Even before , expected benefits from ongoing efforts at transforming the power and transportation sectors come to fruition , per-capita income of Nigerians has begun to increase , rising by 25 % this past year .
Meanwhile , the country 's foreign reserves have grown from $ 42.3 billion in 2006 to $ 53 billion by the end of 2008 .
This in spite of the crisis in the international price of crude oil , the country 's major foreign - exchange earner .
To increase power generation and enhance industry and domestic consumption , $ 1.6 billion has been set aside by the government in its 2009 budget .
This will complement private - sector investments in constructing a nationwide gas grid for provision to new power plants across the country , as well as to industries that consume gas as raw material .
Food supply in Nigeria has remained resilient , and the government has strengthened the sector through the provision of $ 1.6 billion for the establishment of infrastructure that would attract new investments .
It has also given considerable funding to provide concessionary credit to increase output and the create new jobs .
Nigeria 's health and social services sector may be suffering from infrastructure inadequacies , but it remains functional , providing services to the country 's huge population .
Nigeria 's medical schools train some of the best personnel on the continent and in numbers that guarantee sustainable development of the system for decades to come .
There are more functional tertiary institutions in Nigeria than in any other African country , and the country participates in the highest levels of international research .
There are inadequacies , of course , but not at the levels found in most developing countries .
Democratic governance Lately , there has been a lot in the Nigerian media about operations by the Federal Military Joint Task Force to check the increasingly serious criminal activity in the creeks of the Niger Delta , akin to a low - level insurgency .
The federal government earlier frowned at the prospect of dealing with the mercenary " militants " through purely military means because of the inevitable collateral impact on the civilian population .
Nigeria health service works , Mr Ahmadu says
However , current damage to oil production infrastructure and the threat to people 's security living and working in the area necessitated resorting to military action .
In just a few days government resolved to remove the threat .
The consequent capture and destruction of several militant camps with minimal effort laid to rest the question hanging over the government 's ability to deal with criminality and the threat to security anywhere in the country .
Contrary to expectations of local critics , an electoral reform bill is with the National Assembly for its debate and passage into law .
The fact that political opponents from both within and outside the ruling People 's Democratic Party continue to criticise government - sponsored electoral reforms as either not enough or gone too far is an indication of how alive and well the system of democratic governance is in the country .
The spate of reversals of electoral mandates by courts all over the country also shows that the country 's justice system remains strong and functional .
Nigeria is an active member of the international community and participates in all matters that concern her .
The country continues to play an active part in international peacekeeping , and Nigeria 's leadership role in several multilateral organisations makes us an important partner for many countries .
The significance of constructive criticism of its efforts and performance has not been lost on the current federal government , as evidenced by the recent presidential directive for ministers and heads of government agencies to open up to the press on their work .
Nigeria is , therefore , far from being a failed state .
Return to top
Do you believe Nigeria is on its way to becoming a failed state ?
BBC
News readers have been sending us their reaction to the story .
No Nigeria is not yet a failed state .
The only problem with Nigeria , is unprepared , poor and bad leaders .
All those who have ruled Nigeria are dealers not leaders .
Most of Nigerian politicians , had no day jobs before they entered politics .
Politics in Nigeria , has been turned to big business and big business attracts the mafia and other types of criminals .
The only political players in Nigeria are those who engage in do or die politics .
They are prepared to go to any length to take power , even assassinations , murder , cultism , etc .
For this reason no decent person , with good reputation , wants to engage in Nigerian politics .
It was confirmed by one of the Senators , Senator Aliu a former AIG and he was in charge of criminal investigation , before venturing into politics .
He said it in public that , he had personally investigated a lot of his colleagues , for serious criminal offences when he was a police chief .
This mater was swept under the carpet by the Senate and the House of Representatives .
We have not heard about it again .
Patrick Agbobu , London , UK
This is a very sensitive subject among Nigerians .
Majority of Nigerians would through anger and frustration conclude Nigeria is a failed state .
However there is a fine line between a failed Country and failed leadership .
Can i use this opportunity to request that BBC rephrase that question by asking have our leaders failed in their obligation to lead this great Country or have the Country failed as a Nation ?.
I am sure BBC would get unbiased and realistic answers from Nigerians inside and outside .
In my humble opinion Nigeria as a Nation is not a failed State for numerous reasons , rather our Leaders as far back as i can remember have failed in their obligation to move this GREAT Country forward economically , socially in order to take its rightful place in Africa and the World .
Umar Abanifi , UK To Edobaye , Toronto , Canada : I strongly disagree with your opinion that we should be hopeful .
Those that live on hope , die fasting .
You need to tell us when you are going back to Nigeria to be part of that hope .
We have enough preachers and are tired of excuses .
People who left Nigeria when the " initial touch " was there do not realize what people back home suffer .
Some of us ran away because of Kidnapping .
You may need to try that your hopeful approach by visiting home at Christmas with a luxury car and some money and let 's here your sermon on hope afterwards .
Its shameful we slaughter basic truth on the alter of pride , sentiments and excuses .
Azunna Chuks , Manchester , UK I do n't think we could be called a failed state just YET but we are definitely on a downward spiral hurtling towards that .
I have faith though that our generation will prop us up and at least begin the process of getting us back in the right direction .
I am continually pleasantly surprised at how passionate people are about doing just that .
The one thing we need to do now is unite and get rid off all the bad eggs .
Ndidi Ifeacho , London England
Put aside the political mumbo- jumbo .
A man that deceives himself is bound for doom !
Nigeria has and is still a failed state , and I call for all Nigerians to steer her from self - destruction .
Amalgamation is not the problem , most countries were amalgamated , United States for example .
Obafemi Awolowo was right , Constitutional Federalism needs to be practised , Unitary System of government is a one man show which empowers the elected against the state !
There 's a clear difference between having the most tertiary institutions and having function tertiary institution .... as the saying goes : ' A living dog is better than a dead lion . '
Rawly , Toronto
To say that Nigeria is a failed state is an overstatement , but to say that we have not failed so far is an understatement .
If you have a child who cannot walk at the age of three ( with due respect to all the disabled in these category ) the parents will start to take some remedial action .
We can not blame anyone for our inaction after 49 years of independence .
We know our problems inside out .
Both the Civilian and the Military that ruled in the past and the present politicians in power know our problems .
They all failed to take action .
Until the politicians - except the Lagos State Governor - His Excellency Fashola - are able to take unselfish bold steps to address our problems we will continue to reel in our miseries .
If a state governor like Fashola could turn things around within a short time in office , the Federal Government with all the resources at its disposal could miraculously do better in a term of office .
I will agree that Nigeria is a failed state if we cannot have a fair election at the end of this government in office .
O Legbe , London Waziri Ahmadu speaks like the typical politician who has no clue about what the common man is going through .
His comments are quite frankly very upsetting and supports the conclusion that Nigeria 's leaders must be living on a different planet .
Nigeria is on a slippery slope caused by politicians hiding their heads in the sand and focussing on taking away the livelihoods of the people they are supposed to be helping .
Unless we have leaders who walk the walk and not just talk , we will indeed achieve the ' failed - state ' status .
Mr Ahmadu , wake up and smell the coffee !!
Chibuzo Okoro , Basingstoke , UK
We are quick to resort to name - calling and like the proverbial ostrich bury our head in the sand !
This is a debate .
Stop the name - calling .
Nobody is an enemy of Nigeria .
We all want the best for our motherland .
However , the truth most be told .
If Nigeria has such ' excellent medical centres ' , why do the Nigeria elites - by the way I use the word elite loosely , ( they became elite by looting our coffers ) - travel overseas for medical check - up ?
The same elites build fortresses they call homes and live in ' prison ' afraid of the armed robbers and kidnappers .
The same elite pollutes the air with their generators , because the power sector is nonexistent .
They dig their own boreholes for water ; send their children to overseas schools , and on and on .
Please , telling the truth about our beloved country is more patriotic .
I expect a civil debate .
Kelechi , Texas BBC
Please stop interviewing Nigerian Government agents because they will always give you the view of the government or do you expect otherwise .
Talk to the grassroots , the masses and you will unearth the true state of the Nation .
Having said that , I would like to say that to compare Nigeria with countries like Zimbabwe , Sierra Leone etc is insulting and shows how this analysis is skewed towards disgracing our country .
Nigeria still has a platform better than some of the East European countries .
I discussed with a Latvian friend last night and he also complained about the light problem they are having .
that does not mean the country is a failed state .
Nigerians need to work hard especially to curb corruption .
But our big European nations and US should also work hard to stop stolen money from crossing their border .
It takes two to tango .
Uzozie Chidume , Leicester , UK
When I was in primary school , My father ( a farmer ) was able to pay my school fees and had a good bicycle .
Today , a university graduate in Nigeria cannot afford to buy toilet soap .
If that is not a sign of failed state , I do n't know what is .
Chukwuyere Anyandu , Imo state NIGERIA
While I do not like mischievous Luggard 's Amalgamation of 1914 , that event alone is not responsible for our problems in Nigeria .
The country is in trouble owing to massive corruption and misgovernance , which cut across ethnic lines .
Give Nigerians free and fair elections and the country will take off like a rocket to Heaven !
A system that consistently props up mediocrity with impunity will achieve excellence !
Victor Aimiuwu , Xenia , USA Nigeria is a sham a mockery , 2009 still cannot provide electricity to their citizens .
Infrastructure is lacking .
60 million Nigerians own generators .
No functional civil service .
Failed they are doomed if care is not taken it is a joke .
Facts are facts .
A total joke .
Gee , Atlanta USA
Well , Nigerians would never admit to recognise their country as a failed state .
The only unfortunate thing to ever happen over the last 25 years is that the people have grown up independent of govt .
By that , the govt lacked moral authority to govern .
However , I see this as a great opportunity for an individual who wants to make a name for himself .
The country has never had a real hero .
Those who we praise are in my opinion , mere regional heroes .
Nigeria , lets rise to this challenge and rewrite history .
Lets force a new headline in the BBC saying " the Nigerian miracle " .
But this will come through hard work , good thinking and a strong strategic direction for the country .
We are not all corrupt .
Let 's make that change the country really need today .
Julius , UK
The fundamental problem with Nigeria is equity , Justice and corruption .
We should should not also forget poor infrastructures .
We need to punish evil and reward good , as long as there is inequality in equity and justice in the system , there will always be a problem in Nigeria .
Tony Ehimare , New York , USA I completely agree with Mr Waziri Haruna Ahmadu on his view that Nigeria is not a failed state .
I do not want to repeat all the reasons Mr Waziri gave because he said it all eloquently .
It is insulting and rude to classify Nigeria with other countries like Somalia , Zimbabwe etc. Nigeria has institutions and over 32 University teaching hospitals and abundance of skilled people .
Its financial institutions ranked among the top 500 in the world .
Fellow countrymen , let be hopeful .
Let be supportive of the government .
Let be mindful of evil forces like the militants and its allies who want to destroy the country .
I hope our government will continue its paths to reform and strengthen our institutions .
Thanks
Edobaye , Toronto , Canada
Not really , Nigeria appears to be a failed state at the moment but change is coming to Nigeria .
If the government can address basic conditions of infrastructures i.e. power and roads .
Every other things will fall in place .
For us to be blaming the amalgamation of Northern and Southern Nigeria as the reason for our failure is no " EXCUSE " for how long should we continue to dwell on 1914 issue ?
On the issue of Niger Delta the militants had legitimate course but has turned the issue into criminality .
For instance , the so called militant leaders stealing Oil why can't they use the money from the Oil theft to develop there community instead of using it to kill each other ?
Do n't get me wrong the present administration / PDP has failed Nigerians .
Sola Taiwo , Seattle , WA I do n't see any reason for this debate , we always blame someone else for our calamities in Nigeria , the truth is Nigeria is more than failure , our rulers do n't believe they are Nigerians , if they do , let them live as a commom man , and see how suffer dey for Nigeria undeground .
Never blame the west .
My father says only a bastard will point is fathers house with a left hand , and that 's how you can best díscibe our Nigerian leaders .
From head to toe , come rain fall sun shine , they are all thiefs .
Thats the truth .
JONATHAN JAMES , Sundsvall , Sweden I can see Ogaga remains as pessimistic as he was during my undergraduate days at Cornell .
Is he drawing his conclusions from news reports filtered by the ' international ' media or does he visit home that often ?
I 'd like Haruna to take me to the working health centres and see him receive treatment at the same location .
I 'd be better convinced that he is not a propaganda tool when he is no longer working for the government in power .
The BBC needs to do get people living in the country who are farther away from positions of privilege and the corridors of power to give their own views on Nigeria .
In my opinion , Nigeria is not quite yet a failed state .
The use of force still remains with state institutions and investors continue to see a stable enough outlook to invest in the economy .
But with the current rate of infrastructure decline , increase in geographical spread of organised crime ( militants ) and growing disregard for the rule of law by the citizens and government alike ... that day is closer than we think .
Seun , Lagos , Nigeria
I think the BBC in trying to be balanced has committed a great disservice to its subscribers .
Why put an objective , intellectual and straightforward analysis side by side with somebody who is part and parcel of the problem .
I wonder which Nigeria Mr Waziri is talking about , the confines of Aso Rock or the Nigeria with persistent power failure , a lack of basic security , a Nigeria of the disenfranchised , a collapsed education sector etc .
How can investors be encouraged to pump millions of money into a system that just does not make sense ?
Von Robert Edomi , London
It is already a failed state .
What we are enjoying today in Nigeria was built by the army .
No security , no power , no roads , no hospitals for the poor , armed robbery , kidnapping , bribery and no good drinking water for the poor .
Rob Obiekwe , Atlanta , USA
How else do you expect Mr Waziri Haruna Ahmadu to rate Nigeria , when he is currently employed by the present administration of " baba go slow " , if he dare say anything negative , 24hrs interval is just too much for his job to be terminated ... you BBC people should direct your interviews to average men on the street or public sector personals not government official ... period !!
Okoro Johnson , Jonkoping , Sweden
If you 've ever lived in a failed state , you will tread carefully before using that word .
Try living in Iraq ; Somalia ; Afghanistan or even Mexico .
In my opinion it is the enemies of Nigeria that are so keen on using that word simply because that is what they wish for the Country .
So Nigerians Watch Out !
Dele Olubodun , London Truly , Nigeria for me , is a failed state .
We will continue to suffer until we collectively rise up for change as we have seen in Ghana , USA and Iran .
Until then , we can only buckle our shoes for the road to failure is far and endless .
Chinedu Onyewuenyi , Abuja , Nigeria
Am not surprised Mr Ahmadu says it 's not failed , what do you expect , check his profile - ' former Health and Agriculture Secretary , is an agribusiness consultant working with the chief economic adviser to Nigerian President Umaru Musa Yar' Adua ' .
A Niger Delta man will not say that , because the owner of the resources are not benefiting from it , rather its other people ....
Susan Nigeria is not a fail state and it will never be a fail state .
The current streams of problems facing the nation are usual for any nation undergoing development .
Those people saying Nigeria is a fail nation are people with no hope and evil perpetrators .
Abdulmuhsin Muhammad Adeniyi , Ijofin , Nigeria
The joining of the northern and southern protectorates with Lagos in 1914 by the British colonialists might be the foundation of our problems , but that does not mean we could not have risen as a nation if we worked hard at it .
The main problem is corruption , corruption and corruption .
Corruption has so much taken over every fabric of our lives that every average Nigerian is corrupt .
Everyday , we hear of billions of naira sometimes even billions of dollars being misappropriated , embezzled , missing or not accounted for .
There needs to be a re-alignment of people 's mindset .
There 's needs to be accountability and transparency .
Controls must be put in place to for stall future occurrence .
The only unfortunate situation I foresee is that the problem cannot be solved in a short period of time .
It will take years of more suffering by Nigerians before any meaningful change can take place , That is even if the government can have the clout and courage to carry out the necessary reforms .
God bless Nigeria
Abiola Oni , Lagos , Nigeria YES !
As long as the western world continue to support and encourage the corrupt rulers .
After all , the majority of the embezzled money are siphoned to banks abroad largely in the western countries .
And such money are being taxed and used up by the western countries .
They in turn loan out the money to us and tell us what to do with the money on the so called International Policy .
However , the positive thinking youths are doing all they can to redeem the country from becoming a failed state .
Solomon , Singapore
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By this point in his ambitious narrative , however , Ferris has given up on any real effort to argue for the decisive influence of science as such .
He is content to speak of science metaphorically , as the model for openness and experimentalism in all the major realms of liberal - democratic endeavor .
Thus , just as in his account of Smith ’s free - market economics , Ferris finds in the United States Constitution the underlying principle that citizens should “ be free to experiment , assess the results and conduct new experiments . ”
The American Republic might be compared to “ a scientific laboratory , ” he writes , because it is designed “ not to guide society toward a specified goal , but to sustain the experimental process itself . ”
Image Credit ... Illustration by Yarek Waszul
Ferris ’s refrain of “ experiment ” is a well - chosen trope .
Few other words in the vocabulary of Western progress can match its prestige and practical appeal .
To rely on experiment is to doubt authority , to cultivate self - awareness , to seek the reality behind natural appearances and received opinion .
The experimental frame of mind encompasses the scientist in her lab , the inventor in his workshop and even ( with some literary license ) the reflective bohemian , the calculating entrepreneur and the shrewd democratic leader .
But does it yield the “ laws of nature ” from which Locke and Jefferson drew the idea of universal human rights ?
Does it explain our reluctance today to compromise those rights in the name of expediency or results ?
Jeremy Bentham dismissed the idea of natural rights as “ nonsense upon stilts , ” because it stood in the way of a proper utilitarian calculus of human welfare .
Arguably , one can find his heirs today atop the Chinese state , conducting technocratic experiments of their own and deploying the tools of modern science ( Google beware ! ) to preserve a “ harmonious society . ”
For the politics of liberty , mere empiricism is not enough .
Ferris is on firm ground in arguing that the political influence of the scientific enterprise has been liberalizing and progressive , on the whole .
Whig history has its virtues .
And he provides convincing indictments of various illiberal ideologies , from Nazism and Soviet Communism to postmodernist cultural theory , for their incompatibility with scientific inquiry .
He would have done his readers a favor , however , by approaching the ideas of liberalism ’s most penetrating philosophical critics with more generosity ; his tendency is to jeer and dismiss .
Rousseau , Marx and Heidegger have indeed inspired a range of noxious intellectual and political movements , but they still have things to teach us about the failings and vulnerabilities of liberal - democratic societies .
Nor is it clear , as Ferris would have it , that science furnishes the ideal template for liberal democracy .
Science , he notes , is antiauthoritarian , self - correcting , meritocratic and collaborative .
As John Dewey , one of his heroes , put it , “ freedom of inquiry , toleration of diverse views , freedom of communication , the distribution of what is found out to every individual as the ultimate intellectual consumer ” are all as “ involved in the democratic as in the scientific method . ”
In a like vein , Ferris also cites the theoretical physicist Lee Smolin : “ Good science comes from the collision of contradictory ideas , from conflict , from people trying to do better than their teachers did , and I think here we have a model for what a democratic society is about . ”
But crucial distinctions are lost in these comparisons .
The scientific community may be open to everyone , in principle , but it has steep and familiar barriers to entry , as any layperson who has tried to read the research papers at the back of journals like Nature or Science can attest .
When not distorted by its own personal and political rivalries , modern science is , in the most admirable sense , an aristocracy — a selection and sorting of the best minds as they interact within institutions designed to achieve certain rarefied ends .
Experiment , equality and freedom of expression are essential to this work , but it is the work of an elite community from which most people are necessarily excluded .
Thankfully , participation in the everyday life of democracy does not require a Ph.D. , nor are theories and ideas its basic medium .
challenge : advertising in the science fiction universe b3ta challenge : advertising in the science fiction universe
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
( CNN ) -- Political , religious and sexual behaviors may be reflections of intelligence , a new study finds .
Evolutionary psychologist Satoshi Kanazawa at the the London School of Economics and Political Science correlated data on these behaviors with IQ from a large national U.S. sample and found that , on average , people who identified as liberal and atheist had higher IQs .
This applied also to sexual exclusivity in men , but not in women .
The findings will be published in the March 2010 issue of Social Psychology Quarterly .
The IQ differences , while statistically significant , are not stunning -- on the order of 6 to 11 points -- and the data should not be used to stereotype or make assumptions about people , experts say .
But they show how certain patterns of identifying with particular ideologies develop , and how some people 's behaviors come to be .
The reasoning is that sexual exclusivity in men , liberalism and atheism all go against what would be expected given humans ' evolutionary past .
In other words , none of these traits would have benefited our early human ancestors , but higher intelligence may be associated with them .
" The adoption of some evolutionarily novel ideas makes some sense in terms of moving the species forward , " said George Washington University leadership professor James Bailey , who was not involved in the study .
" It also makes perfect sense that more intelligent people -- people with , sort of , more intellectual firepower -- are likely to be the ones to do that . "
Bailey also said that these preferences may stem from a desire to show superiority or elitism , which also has to do with IQ .
In fact , aligning oneself with " unconventional " philosophies such as liberalism or atheism may be " ways to communicate to everyone that you 're pretty smart , " he said .
The study looked at a large sample from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health ( Add Health ) , which began with adolescents in grades 7 - 12 in the United States during the 1994 - 95 school year .
The participants were interviewed as 18 - to 28 - year - olds from 2001 to 2002 .
The study also looked at the General Social Survey , another cross-national data collection source .
Kanazawa did not find that higher or lower intelligence predicted sexual exclusivity in women .
This makes sense , because having one partner has always been advantageous to women , even thousands of years ago , meaning exclusivity is not a " new " preference .
For men , on the other hand , sexual exclusivity goes against the grain evolutionarily .
With a goal of spreading genes , early men had multiple mates .
Since women had to spend nine months being pregnant , and additional years caring for very young children , it made sense for them to want a steady mate to provide them resources .
Religion , the current theory goes , did not help people survive or reproduce necessarily , but goes along the lines of helping people to be paranoid , Kanazawa said .
Assuming that , for example , a noise in the distance is a signal of a threat helped early humans to prepare in case of danger .
" It helps life to be paranoid , and because humans are paranoid , they become more religious , and they see the hands of God everywhere , " Kanazawa said .
Participants who said they were atheists had an average IQ of 103 in adolescence , while adults who said they were religious averaged 97 , the study found .
Atheism " allows someone to move forward and speculate on life without any concern for the dogmatic structure of a religion , " Bailey said .
" Historically , anything that 's new and different can be seen as a threat in terms of the religious beliefs ; almost all religious systems are about permanence , " he noted .
The study takes the American view of liberal vs. conservative .
It defines " liberal " in terms of concern for genetically nonrelated people and support for private resources that help those people .
It does not look at other factors that play into American political beliefs , such as abortion , gun control and gay rights .
" Liberals are more likely to be concerned about total strangers ; conservatives are likely to be concerned with people they associate with , " he said .
Given that human ancestors had a keen interest in the survival of their offspring and nearest kin , the conservative approach -- looking out for the people around you first -- fits with the evolutionary picture more than liberalism , Kanazawa said .
" It 's unnatural for humans to be concerned about total strangers . " he said .
The study found that young adults who said they were " very conservative " had an average adolescent IQ of 95 , whereas those who said they were " very liberal " averaged 106 .
It also makes sense that " conservatism " as a worldview of keeping things stable would be a safer approach than venturing toward the unfamiliar , Bailey said .
Neither Bailey nor Kanazawa identify themselves as liberal ; Bailey is conservative and Kanazawa is " a strong libertarian . "
Vegetarianism , while not strongly associated with IQ in this study , has been shown to be related to intelligence in previous research , Kanazawa said .
This also fits into Bailey 's idea that unconventional preferences appeal to people with higher intelligence , and can also be a means of showing superiority .
None of this means that the human species is evolving toward a future where these traits are the default , Kanazawa said .
" More intelligent people do n't have more children , so moving away from the trajectory is not going to happen , " he said .
HEATT Team 2010 - 2011 :
The transportation industry has yet to find an alternative fuel source with the efficiency and practicality necessary to lower oil use .
In order to further this transition , this project bridges the gap between gasoline and fuel cell technology for vehicles .
The prototyped power train for this project features a 288 olt battery system combined with an internal combustion engine generator and hydrogen PEM fuel cell to provide addition range .
The current state of the power train allows charging for the batteries solely from a house hold socket .
The projected range of the battery system is 60 miles ; the combined range is 400 miles .
To achieve the combine range , the ICE generator and hydrogen PEM fuel cell must be integrated into one system .
Our focus is to design a Battery Management System ( BMS ) to charge the batteries either from a house hold socket , gasoline generator , or hydrogen fuel cell .
This would require a charge algorithm that we will have to design .
The BMS will be designed and simulated in LabVIEW .
The BMS will optimize the performance of the batteries by monitoring the charge and discharge cycles , as well as protect the batteries from power surges and thermal failures .
With an innovative but little - known state program to study medical marijuana about to run out of money , researchers and political supporters said Wednesday the results show promise .
“ It should take all the mystery out of whether it works .
We ’ve got the results , ” said former state Sen .
John Vasconcellos , who led the effort to create the 10 - year - old Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research .
The center has nearly spent its $ 8.7 - million allocation , sponsoring 14 studies at UC campuses , including the first clinical trials of smoked marijuana in the United States in more than two decades .
Much of the research is still underway or under review , but five studies have been published in scientific journals .
Four showed that cannabis can significantly relieve neuropathic pain and one found that vaporizers are an effective way to use marijuana .
Another study , submitted for publication , found that marijuana can reduce muscle spasms in multiple sclerosis patients .
Advertisement
Dr. Igor Grant , a neuropsychiatrist at UC San Diego who is the center ’s director , called the pain studies “ pretty convincing ” and urged the federal government to pay for additional clinical studies .
With the state stuck in a daunting budget crisis , even the center ’s advocates do not expect more support .
“ There is no state money at this time , unfortunately , ” said state Sen. Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) .
Since the center opened in 2000 , medical marijuana use has spread rapidly in California , driven largely by doctors ’ willingness to recommend it for a wide range of ailments .
But little research has been done on its effectiveness , in part because researchers must win approval from federal agencies , including the Drug Enforcement Administration .
Grant said federal officials did not try to thwart the research , but noted that approval typically took 18 months .
“ We basically did a lot of the work for investigators in terms of jumping through the hoops , ” he said .
Advertisement
The unusual scientific program , approved by the Legislature in 1999 , was the result of negotiations between Vasconcellos and former Atty .
Gen. Dan Lungren .
The two were vigorous adversaries in the contentious debate over the 1996 initiative that approved the use of medical marijuana .
Lungren , now a Republican congressman from Gold River , argued that Californians were moving ahead without the research needed to show whether marijuana was useful as a medicine .
“ I said at that time , if we had scientific evidence , we ought to be guided by scientific evidence , ” he said .
“ I was shrewd enough to pick up on Lungren ’s ‘ Let ’s do research , ’ ” Vasconcellos said .
Lungren said he was shrewd enough to accept .
Lungren said the results are helpful , but underscore that medical marijuana should be more tightly controlled and used only where it has been proven effective .
Advertisement
The center funded a range of research , including six studies of whether marijuana reduces neuropathic pain , which is caused by a damaged or abnormally functioning nervous system .
A UC San Francisco study of patients with HIV - related pain found that 52 % of those who smoked marijuana experienced significant relief .
“ I think that clearly cannabis has benefits , ” said Dr. Donald I. Abrams , a San Francisco oncologist who led that study .
“ This substance has been a medicine for 2,700 years ; it only has n’t been a medicine for 70 . ”
Abrams doubts that the research will alter the debate over marijuana .
“ Science has not been driving this train for a long time now .
I think it ’s all politics , ” he said .
Grant was more optimistic : “ We have a different administration , and they are looking at the science basis of many things . ”
Advertisement
He said the research shows marijuana should no longer be classified as a Schedule I drug .
“ It is not a drug without value , ” he said .
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
If I had sufficient time and patience to write the patch and argue about it on the Perl 5 Porters mailing list , how would I implement optional types for Perl 5 ?
( Dave Rolsky gets it right in the comments : this has to be part of the core to canonize the names of the roles the Perl 5 primitives provide .
This idea is worthless when more than one CPAN implementation exists , if they diverge on naming conventions — and , for all I like the CPAN , divergence is inevitable . )
If I had my way , I 'd add a new keyword and op combination .
I like does .
( In my imaginary fantasy world , I win all arguments through the unassailable forces of logic and good taste alone .
Also I have a hovercraft . )
I 'd also add a table to store the behaviors that builtins support .
That is , a hash always does Hashlike and a hash reference always does Reference and Hashreflike .
Similarly , a regex does Stringifies ( or Stringlike ) .
It 's important to leave bikesheds so people on p5p have something to argue about other than the implementation .
I 'd also add a storage location within classes to keep track of all of the roles class instances perform .
This is necessary because ....
... tie and overload have to update that does list depending on the behaviors they support .
does might end up performing separate operations in boolean ( scalar ) and void context .
In boolean context , it returns true if the first argument performs the appropriate roles .
In void context , it marks the current class as performing the appropriate roles .
( This is nice if Perl 5 ever gets a class keyword ; it falls out as nicely as the syntax for MooseX : : Declare . )
The method form is already available thanks to UNIVERSAL :: DOES .
Those two forms can tie together nicely .
This produces allomorphism for objects ( or classes or anything which supports method invocation ) as well as non-invocants ( Perl 5 primitives ) .
The remaining question is what to do with ref( ) , which does n't work and tends to break code .
...
... and there , my mythical patch removes ref ( ) .
Forget backwards compatibility .
Sometimes writing correct code in the present and future means removing the ability to write incorrect code and requiring people to fix broken code in the present .
The nice part about this imaginary patch ( besides having neither to write it nor argue for it ) is that it 's perfectly compatible with further imaginary patches to add function signatures to Perl 5 -- with type checking , of course -- and a class syntax and even multidispatch .
All of those features are perfectly optional .
Of course , ref ( ) could stay in that world .
The possibility exists that the temptation to use shiny new features which remove boilerplate , work more correctly , provide better abstraction possibilities , and simplify the design and implementation of code would encourage people to adopt better programming practices and remove dangerous , ugly , ill - designed , and confusing practices from their code .
Sometimes that even works .
( These features all work in Perl 6 today .
Try Rakudo now . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) has announced losses for 2009 of £ 3.6 bn ( $ 5.5 bn ) , after struggling with billions of pounds of bad loans .
Despite the losses , the bank is set to announce it will pay bonuses totalling £ 1.3 bn to its staff .
But the bank 's head , Stephen Hester , said it had lost money by not paying big bonuses to retain productive staff .
The UK taxpayer owns 84 % of RBS after the government bailed out the bank at the end of 2008 .
' Experiment ' Chief executive Mr Hester told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " We 've had a small experiment in this respect ... some of our best - performing people have been leaving in their thousands .
" The people who left us last year , I believe , would have increased our profits by up to £ 1bn beyond the ones that we 've got . "
However there has been some criticism of the bonuses paid .
Liberal Democrat treasury spokesman Vince Cable said that making hefty payouts to individual bankers was " like a football team paying their striker for scoring when they 've just been relegated " .
Meanwhile , shadow chancellor George Osborne said " unacceptable " pay levels throughout the sector must be tackled .
" The banking community needs to understand that the taxpayers were there for them a couple of years ago , because we had to keep the banking system going , but really it is unacceptable these very high levels of pay they get . "
However RBS bonuses were approved by the Treasury , and Mr Osborne conceded he would not have blocked the payouts had he been in power .
Torrid time Mr Hester has decided not to take his own bonus , which would have been £ 1.6 m .
The company 's £ 3.6 bn loss was lower than the £ 5bn many experts were expecting and is well below the £ 24bn it lost in 2008 .
However , the level of bad debts rose sharply to just short of £ 13.9bn , up from £ 7.4bn in 2008 , although the bank says it thinks these have now peaked .
As well as the RBS chain of banks , the company 's UK businesses include NatWest , Ulster and Coutts banks , and the insurance companies Churchill and Direct Line .
Mr Hester said he expected the bank to return to profit next year .
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
The banks have been through a torrid time since the credit crunch struck in 2007 , an event sparked by the banks ' own unwillingness to lend to each other after the major lending spree they had been on started to turn bad .
Added to that was RBS 's unique heavy burden - its takeover of the Dutch bank ABN Amro in October 2007 , just as the banking boom was about to turn to bust .
A consortium led by RBS paid 71bn euros ( £ 49bn at the time ) for ABN Amro in October 2007 , but RBS then wrote down the value of the business by £ 17bn a year later .
The Bank of England governor , Mervyn King , said bank investors had been living in a " fool 's paradise " , with people 's money being used for risky activities while they themselves thought they were taking no risks .
He told the cross-party Future of Banking Commission that the case for simple , utility banks was " irrefutable " .
RBS is the second major UK bank to report 2009 results , after Barclays announced profits of £ 11.6 bn last week .
Lloyds Bank , which is also partly state - owned , will report its results on Friday .
Under fire Aside from bonuses , one other controversial topic for the banks has been their role in lending to business and home buyers .
RBS 's management is taking steps to repair the balance sheet
Euan Sterling , Standard Life Investments
RBS results : Good for taxpayers ?
Send us your comments RBS said that it was satisfied it was fulfilling both the letter and the spirit of its lending commitments , which were to make an additional £ 9bn available to the mortgage market and £ 16bn to businesses .
It said it had beaten its mortgage target , but had fallen short of its business lending target as many companies had been concentrating on reducing their debts and the recession meant that demand for loans had been weak .
RBS has shrunk massively in size over the year .
In 2008 its assets stood at £ 2.1tn .
It has been running down a vast portion of its business - mainly bad loans - and its assets are now worth £ 1.5tn .
A bank spokeswoman said that was the equivalent of shedding an organisation the same size as the profitable US financial institution , Goldman Sachs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You will be assimilated , Resistance is Futile
by Corey Dockendorf [ Friday , 15th of January 2010 - 08:05 PM ]
Q : What are the playable Borg ’s in - game traits ?
A : The Liberated Borg begins with the following two traits .
You can select another two traits from a general list .
Borg Nanites : +10 % Health Regeneration
Description : Ground Trait .
Constantly regenerates shields and health .
Efficient : +5 Starship Shield Efficiency , +5 Starship Engine Efficiency , +5 Starship Energy Weapon Efficiency , +5 Starship Auxiliary Systems Efficiency
Description : Space Trait .
Provides a bonus to efficiency stats , improving the effectiveness of many of your power management abilities .
The Liberated Borg also has a unique optional trait .
Neural Blast : 30 second debuff .
Drastically reduces run speed .
Every 4 seconds , Neural Blast has a 40 % chance to hold the target for 3 seconds .
Description : Activatable Ground Trait .
Inject the target with neural toxins , which continually attempt to hold the target for the duration .
Also reduces the target 's movement speed .
Cryptic Studios has finally announced the subscription plan information for Star Trek Online .
With the game being released February 2nd , players who have already pre-ordered the game will get discounted subscription offers and exclusive content .
Subscription models are always the make or break deal for MMO's .
With so many free online games out there to play and with pay to play business models already in place , MMO companies are starting to offer incentives to those willing to sign on for a longer subscription .
Here are the newly offered subscription options : $ 239 gets youLifetime AccessPlayable Borg2 additional character slots $ 119.00 gets youYearly subscription locked in at this price2 additional character slots Standard subscription with no need for pre-order1 month =
$ 153 months = $ 426 months = $ 80 Now for all you Trekkie fans out there , you did see the above blurb right , with a lifetime subscription players will have access to the There is a lot of hype around this game .
With the new Ship mechanics and original gameplay , this could be an MMO that attracts a whole new audience .
This new MMO could boldly go where no MMO has gone before .
( I know , ridiculous , but someone had to say it )
History is replete with the horrific consequences unleashed as a result of the cognitive mistakes of the smart set .
IN DECEMBER 2008 , two seemingly unrelated events occurred .
The first was the release of Stephen Greenspan ’s book , Annals of Gullibility : Why We Get Duped and How to Avoid It .
Greenspan , a professor of psychology , explained why we allow other people to take advantage of us and discussed gullibility in fields including finance , academia , and the law .
He ended the book with helpful advice on becoming less gullible .
The second was the exposure of the greatest Ponzi scheme in history , run by Bernard Madoff , which cost its unsuspecting investors in excess of $ 60 billion .
A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent operation in which a manager uses funds from new investors to pay off old investors .
Since there is no legitimate investment activity , it collapses when the operator can’t find enough additional investors .
Madoff ’s scheme unraveled when he could n’t meet requests for redemptions from the investors stung by the financial meltdown .
The irony is that Greenspan , who is bright and well regarded , lost 30 percent of his retirement savings in Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme .
The guy who wrote the book on gullibility got taken by one of the greatest scammers of all time .
In fairness , Greenspan did n’t know Madoff .
He invested in a fund that turned the money over to the scheme .
And Greenspan has been gracious in sharing his story and explaining why he was drawn to investment returns that looked , in retrospect , too good to be true .
If you ask people to offer adjectives they associate with good decision makers , words like “ intelligent ” and “ smart ” are generally at the top of the list .
But history contains plenty of examples of intelligent people who made poor decisions , with horrific consequences , as the result of cognitive mistakes .
Odds of success are poor , but not for me
Corporate mergers and acquisitions ( M&A ) are a multitrillion dollar global business year in and year out .
Corporations spend vast sums identifying , acquiring , and integrating companies in order gain a strategic edge .
There is little doubt that companies make deals with the best of intentions .
The problem is that most deals do n’t create value for the shareholders of the acquiring company ( shareholders of the companies that are bought do fine , on average ) .
In fact , researchers estimate that when one company buys another , the acquiring company ’s stock goes down roughly two - thirds of the time .
Given that most managers have an explicit objective of increasing value - and that their compensation is often tied to the stock price - the vigor of the M&A market appears moderately surprising .
The explanation is that while most executives recognize that the overall M&A record is not good , they believe that they can beat the odds .
“ A high - quality beachfront property ” is how the chief executive officer of Dow Chemical described Rohm and Haas after Dow agreed to acquire the company in July 2008 .
Dow was undaunted by the bidding war , which had driven the price premium it had to pay to a steep 74 percent .
Instead , the CEO declared the deal “ a decisive step towards establishing Dow as an earnings - growth company . ”
The enthusiasm of Dow ’s had all the hallmarks of the inside view .
When the deal was announced , the stock price of Dow Chemical slumped 4 percent , putting the deal on top of a growing pile of losses suffered through acquisitions .
Basic math explains why most companies do n’t add value when they acquire another firm .
The change in value for the buyer equals the difference between the increase in cash flow from combining the two companies ( synergies ) and the amount over the market value that the acquirer pays ( premium ) .
Companies want to get more than they pay for .
So if synergies exceed the premium , the price of the buyer ’s stock will rise .
If not , it will fall .
In this case , the value of the synergy - based on Dow ’s own figures - was less than the premium it paid , justifying a drop in price .
Glowing rhetoric aside , the numbers were not good for the shareholders of Dow Chemical .
What ’s in it for me ?
Incentives matter , as economists have argued quite compellingly .
An incentive is any factor , financial or otherwise , that encourages a particular decision or action .
In many situations , incentives create a conflict of interest that compromises a person ’s ability to properly consider alternatives .
So when you evaluate your own decisions or the decisions of others , consider the choices that the incentives encourage .
Dr. Katrina Firlik , a neurosurgeon , shared an example : at conference dealing with spine surgery , a surgeon presented the case of a female patient with a herniated disc in her neck and pain that was caused by a pinched nerve .
She had already failed typical conservative treatments such as physical therapy , medication , and waiting it out .
The surgeon asked the audience to vote on a couple of choices for surgery .
The first was the newer anterior approach , where the surgeon removes the entire disc , replaces it with a bone plug , aim fuses the discs .
The vast majority of the hands shot up .
The second choice was the older posterior approach , where the surgeon removes only the portion of the disc that is compressing the nerve .
No fusion is required because the procedure leaves most of the disc intact .
Only a few audience members raised their hands .
The speaker then asked the audience , which was almost entirely male , “ What if this patient is your wife ? ”
The show of hands was reversed for the same two choices .
The main reason is that the amount surgeons are paid for the newer and more complicated procedure is typically several times what they ’d receive for the older procedure .
The expert squeeze
Accurately projecting holiday sales is a crucial task for retailers .
A forecast that is too low leaves shelves bare and profits lost , while too much optimism leads to dusty inventory and pressure on profit margins .
So retailers have a great incentive to come up with a precise sales estimate .
To do so , most merchants rely on experts — individuals in the organization who gather information , study trends , and make predictions .
The stakes are especially high for consumer electronics firms because they generate so much of their revenue during the gift - giving season and the value of their inventory depreciates rapidly .
The pressure is really on the internal experts at consumer electronics giant Best Buy , one of a multitude of retailers that rely on specialists .
So you can imagine the reaction when James Surowiecki , author of the best - selling book , The Wisdom of Crowds , strolled into Best Buy ’s headquarters and delivered a startling message : a relatively uninformed crowd could predict better than the firm ’s best seers .
Surowiecki’s message resonated with Jeff Severts , an executive then running Best Buy ’s gift - card business .
Severts wondered whether the idea would really work in a corporate setting , so he gave a few hundred people in the organization some basic background information and asked them to forecast February 2005 gift - card sales .
When he tallied the results in March , the average of the nearly two hundred respondents was 99.5 percent accurate .
His team ’s official forecast was off by five percentage points .
The crowd was better , but was it a fluke ?
Later that year , Severts set up a central location for employees to submit and update their estimates of sales from Thanksgiving through year - end .
More than three hundred employees participated , and Severts kept track of the crowd ’s collective guess .
When the dust settled in early 2006 , he revealed that the official August forecast of the internal experts was 93 percent accurate , while the presumed amateur crowd was off by only one - tenth of 1 percent .
Best Buy subsequently allocated additional resources to its prediction market , called TagTrade .
The market has yielded useful insights for managers through the more than two thousand employees who have made tens of thousands of trades on topics ranging from customer satisfaction scores to store openings to movie sales .
For instance , in early 2008 , TagTrade indicated that sales of a new service package for laptops would be disappointing when compared with the formal forecast .
When early results confirmed the prediction , the company pulled the offering and relaunched it in the fall .
While far from flawless , the prediction market has been more accurate than the experts a majority of the time and has provided with information it would not have had otherwise .
Wine with your music ?
Imagine strolling down the supermarket aisle and coming upon a display of French and German wines , roughly matched for price and quality .
You do some quick comparisons , place a German wine in your cart , and continue shopping .
After you check out , a researcher approaches and asks why you bought the German wine .
You mention the price , the wine ’s dryness , and how you anticipate it will go nicely with a meal you are planning .
The researcher then asks whether you noticed the German music playing and whether it had any bearing on your decision .
Like most , you would acknowledge hearing the music and avow that it had nothing to do with your selection .
This scenario is based on an actual study , and the results reveal the chapter ’s first mistake : belief that our decisions are independent of our experiences .
In this test , the researchers placed the French and German wines next to each other , along with small national flags .
Over two weeks , the scientists alternated playing French accordion music and German Bierkeller pieces and watched the results .
When French music played , French wines represented 77 percent of the sales .
When German music played , consumers selected German wines 73 percent of the time .
The music made a huge difference in shaping purchases .
But that ’s not what the shoppers thought .
While the customers acknowledged that the music made them think of either France or Germany , 86 percent denied the tunes had any influence on their choice .
This experiment is an example of priming , which psychologists formally define as “ the incidental activation of knowledge structures by the current situational context . ”
In other words , what comes in through our senses influences how we make decisions , even when it seems completely irrelevant in a logical sense .
Priming is by no means limited to music .
Researchers have manipulated behavior through exposure to words , smells , and visual backgrounds .
Boeing ’s nightmare
In the last few decades , many business consultants and companies have preached the virtues of outsourcing — the practice of contracting a previously in - house service to an outside company .
Outsourcing may allow a firm to reduce its costs and capital intensity , desirable goals in a competitive world .
And a number of the organizations that have outsourced , including Apple and Dell , have enjoyed terrific business and financial success .
The correlation between outsourcing and fine results seemed clear .
Boeing , the world ’s largest airplane manufacturer , has long used outside suppliers .
Traditionally , Boeing engineers designed a plane and sent the detailed blueprints to suppliers , a system they called “ build - to - print . ”
This process allowed Boeing to control key design and engineering functions while lowering overall costs .
But for its newest plane , the 787 Dreamliner , Boeing opted to have the suppliers both design and build the airplane sections , leaving only the final assembly to its own mechanics .
The company hoped to pare two years from its historical go - to - market time and envisioned assembling a 787 in just three days , one - tenth the normal time for a plane that size .
The program was a disaster .
Despite being a best - seller with almost nine hundred orders , the plane saw its launch repeatedly delayed as the program slipped well over a year behind schedule .
The problem was that the suppliers were unable to deliver fully functional sections of the plane for Boeing ’s final assembly .
While Boeing designed the production system to integrate twelve hundred components , the first plane came in thirty thousand pieces , costing the company substantial time and money as it had to pull design work back in house .
Boeing ’s problems with the 787 are symptomatic of the first decision mistake : embracing a strategy without fully understanding the conditions under which it succeeds or fails .
Outsourcing is not universally good .
For example , outsourcing does not make sense for products that require the complex integration of disparate subcomponents .
The reason is that coordination costs are high , so just getting the product to work is a challenge .
Think of IBM in the early days of the personal computer industry .
The company made almost all its own components to ensure compatibility .
In this stage , vertically integrated businesses do best .
Outsourcing does make sense for industries where subcomponents are modules .
In these cases , the performance of the subcomponents is well defined , and the final assembly is straightforward .
Today , you can build a personal computer yourself with standardized modules .
Once an industry defines the modules , it makes more sense for suppliers to specialize in one component instead of trying to make them all .
Assemblers like Dell can then focus on design , marketing , and distribution .
Before the 787 , Boeing had controlled the design and engineer - g processes for its planes , ensuring the compatibility of the components and a smooth final assembly .
But by ceding design and engineering to suppliers , Boeing ’s 787 program became a case study in when to avoid outsourcing .
Boeing was drawn to outsourcing as an attribute , without fully recognizing the circumstances under which it would work .
THINK TWICE : HARNESSING THE POWER OF COUNTERINTUITION
AUTHOR : MICHAEL J MAUBOUSSIN
PUBLISHER : Harvard University Press
PRICE : Rs 995 ISBN : 9781422176757
Reprinted by permission of Harvard Business Press .
Excerpt from Think Twice : Harnessing the Power of Counterintuition .
Copyright 2009 Michael J. Mauboussin .
All rights reserved .
Forgetting an umbrella or the location of a parking spot may be annoying , but scientists have suggested that for healthy brains to function well , they need to forget .
By forgetting , scientists say , the brain makes space for new memories .
In an intriguing breakthrough , researchers from the United States and China have identified the protein responsible for forgetting in fruit flies .
By tweaking a protein called Rac , researchers were able
to speed up and slow down the erasure of painful memories [ New Scientist ] .
The
findings were published in the journal Cell .
Scientists have been unable to pinpoint why people forget .
Some have suggested that new memories are ephemeral and vanish over time , while others
thought that interference caused earlier short - term memories to be overridden as new information comes in [ Science Daily ] .
While both of these notions seem to suggest that forgetting is a passive mechanism , the new study suggests that forgetting is far more active , and that Rac works to inhibit the formation of more long - term memories .
The scientists studied fruit flies that were exposed to two fly - repellent odors , the second of which came with an electric shock .
The flies quickly learned to head to the odor that did n't cause them pain .
Then the scientists switched the set - up , linking the first odor to the shock instead .
Regular flies quickly noted the change , discarding the old memory of which odor came with a shock and learning to head towards the now - safe second odor .
But when the experiment was repeated after the memory - eroding protein [ Rac ] was blocked , there was utter confusion .
The flies had not erased their first memory , and had made a second memory .
Unable to pick which odor to fly toward , they zigzagged back and forth [ The New York Times ] .
The researchers determined that when Rac was switched on , newly formed memories faded fast , allowing new memories to come in and solidify .
When Rac was switched off in the fruit flies , new memories lingered longer , extending from the normal limit of just a few hours to more than a day .
The scientists next hope to test the effects of meddling with the proteins in mice .
If this mechanism holds true in mammals , it could shed light on the molecular basis of forgetting in humans [ New Scientist ]
, as humans also have the Rac protein .
The researchers suggest that the identification of this protein could potentially help create techniques to enhance cherished memories or to forget painful episodes , which could be a boon to those who suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
Until now approaches to erasing unwanted memories have largely focused on interfering with the laying - down of memories , rather than our natural ability to forget
[ New Scientist ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Study : Forget Ginkgo for Slowing Memory Loss 80 beats : Who Needs Sleep ?
Drug Corrects Memory Problems in Sleep - Deprived Mice 80 beats : Your Eyes Reveal Memories That Your Conscious Brain Forgot DISCOVER : 33 . How to Erase a Single Memory DISCOVER : How Much of Your Memory Is True ?
DISCOVER : Disremembrance of Things Past
Image : flickr / Image Editor
The new currency , simply called Carbon Currency , is designed to support a revolutionary new economic system based on energy ( production , and consumption ) , instead of price .
Our current price - based economic system and its related currencies that have supported capitalism , socialism , fascism and communism , is being herded to the slaughterhouse in order to make way for a new carbon - based world .
On the world horizon looms a new global currency that could replace all paper currencies and the economic system upon which they are based .
Critics who think that the U.S. dollar will be replaced by some new global currency are perhaps thinking too small .
It is plainly evident that the world is laboring under a dying system of price - based economics as evidenced by the rapid decline of paper currencies .
The era of fiat ( irredeemable paper currency ) was introduced in 1971 when President Richard Nixon decoupled the U.S. dollar from gold .
Because the dollar - turned - fiat was the world ’s primary reserve asset , all other currencies eventually followed suit , leaving us today with a global sea of paper that is increasingly undesired , unstable , unusable .
The deathly economic state of today ’s world is a direct reflection of the sum of its sick and dying currencies , but this could soon change .
Forces are already at work to position a new Carbon Currency as the ultimate solution to global calls for poverty reduction , population control , environmental control , global warming , energy allocation and blanket distribution of economic wealth .
Unfortunately for individual people living in this new system , it will also require authoritarian and centralized control over all aspects of life , from cradle to grave .
What is Carbon Currency and how does it work ?
In a nutshell , Carbon Currency will be based on the regular allocation of available energy to the people of the world .
If not used within a period of time , the Currency will expire ( like monthly minutes on your cell phone plan ) so that the same people can receive a new allocation based on new energy production quotas for the next period .
Because the energy supply chain is already dominated by the global elite , setting energy production quotas will limit the amount of Carbon Currency in circulation at any one time .
It will also naturally limit manufacturing , food production and people movement .
Local currencies could remain in play for a time , but they would eventually wither and be fully replaced by the Carbon Currency , much the same way that the Euro displaced individual European currencies over a period of time .
Sounds very modern in concept , does n’t it ?
In fact , these ideas date back to the 1930 ’s when hundreds of thousands of U.S. citizens were embracing a new political ideology called Technocracy and the promise it held for a better life .
Even now - classic literature was heavily influenced by Technocracy : George Orwell ’s 1984 , H.G. Well ’s The Shape of Things to Come and Huxley ’s “ scientific dictatorship ” in Brave New World .
This paper investigates the rebirth of Technocracy and its potential to recast the New World Order into something truly “ new ” and also totally unexpected by the vast majority of modern critics .
Background
Philosophically , Technocracy found it roots in the scientific autocracy of Henri de Saint - Simon ( 1760 - 1825 ) and in the positivism of Auguste Comte ( 1798 - 1857 ) , the father of the social sciences .
Positivism elevated science and the scientific method above metaphysical revelation .
Technocrats embraced positivism because they believed that social progress was possible only through science and technology .
[ Schunk , Learning Theories : An Educational Perspective , 5th , 315 ]
The social movement of Technocracy , with its energy - based accounting system , can be traced back to the 1930 ’s when an obscure group of engineers and scientists offered it as a solution to the Great Depression .
The principal scientist behind Technocracy was M. King Hubbert , a young geoscientist who would later ( in 1948 - 1956 ) invent the now - famous Peak Oil Theory , also known as the Hubbert Peak Theory .
Hubbert stated that the discovery of new energy reserves and their production would be outstripped by usage , thereby eventually causing economic and social havoc .
Many modern followers of Peak Oil Theory believe that the 2007 - 2009 global recession was exacerbated in part by record oil prices that reflected validity of the theory .
Hubbert received all of his higher education at the University of Chicago , graduating with a PhD in 1937 , and later taught geophysics at Columbia University .
He was highly acclaimed throughout his career , receiving many honors such as the Rockefeller Public Service Award in 1977 .
In 1933 , Hubbert and Howard Scott formed an organization called Technocracy , Inc. Technocracy is derived from the Greek words “ techne ” meaning skill and “ kratos ” , meaning rule .
Thus , it is government by skilled engineers , scientists and technicians as opposed to elected officials .
It was opposed to all other forms of government , including communism , socialism and fascism , all of which function with a price - based economy .
As founders of the organization and political movement called Technocracy , Inc. , Hubbert and Scott also co-authored Technocracy Study Course in 1934 .
This book serves as the “ bible ” of Technocracy and is the root document to which most all modern technocratic thinking can be traced .
Technocracy postulated that only scientists and engineers were capable of running a complex , technology - based society .
Because technology , they reasoned , changed the social nature of societies , previous methods of government and economy were made obsolete .
They disdained politicians and bureaucrats , who they viewed as incompetent .
By utilizing the scientific method and scientific management techniques , Technocrats hoped to squeeze the massive inefficiencies out of running a society , thereby providing more benefits for all members of society while consuming less resources .
The other integral part of Technocracy was to implement an economic system based on energy allocation rather than price .
They proposed to replace traditional money with Energy Credits .
Their keen focus on the efficient use of energy is likely the first hint of a sustained ecological / environmental movement in the United States .
Technocracy Study Course stated , for instance ,
Although it ( the earth ) is not an isolated system the changes in the configuration of matter on the earth , such as the erosion of soil , the making of mountains , the burning of coal and oil , and the mining of metals are all typical and characteristic examples of irreversible processes , involving in each case an increase of entropy .
( Technocracy Study Course , Hubbert & Scott , p. 49 )
Modern emphasis on curtailing carbon fuel consumption that causes global warming and CO2 emissions is essentially a product of early Technocratic thinking .
As scientists , Hubbert and Scott tried to explain ( or justify ) their arguments in terms of physics and the law of thermodynamics , which is the study of energy conversion between heat and mechanical work .
Entropy is a concept within thermodynamics that represents the amount of energy in a system that is no longer available for doing mechanical work .
Entropy thus increases as matter and energy in the system degrade toward the ultimate state of inert uniformity .
In layman ’s terms , entropy means once you use it , you lose it for good .
Furthermore , the end state of entropy is “ inert uniformity ” where nothing takes place .
Thus , if man uses up all the available energy and / or destroys the ecology , it can not be repeated or restored ever again .
The Technocrat ’s avoidance of social entropy is to increase the efficiency of society by the careful allocation of available energy and measuring subsequent output in order to find a state of “ equilibrium , ” or balance .
Hubbert ’s focus on entropy is evidenced by Technocracy , Inc. ’s logo , the well - known Yin Yang symbol that depicts balance .
To facilitate this equilibrium between man and nature , Technocracy proposed that citizens would receive Energy Certificates in order to operate the economy :
“ Energy Certificates are issued individually to every adult of the entire population …
The record of one ’s income and its rate of expenditure is kept by the Distribution Sequence , so that it is a simple matter at any time for the Distribution Sequence to ascertain the state of a given customer ’s balance …
When making purchases of either goods or services an individual surrenders the Energy Certificates properly identified and signed .
“ The significance of this , from the point of view of knowledge of what is going on in the social system , and of social control , can best be appreciated when one surveys the whole system in perspective .
First , one single organization is manning and operating the whole social mechanism .
The same organization not only produces but also distributes all goods and services .
“ With this information clearing continuously to a central headquarters we have a case exactly analogous to the control panel of a power plant , or the bridge of an ocean liner … ” [ Technocracy Study Course , Hubbert & Scott , p. 238-239 ]
Two key differences between price - based money and Energy Certificates are that a ) money is generic to the holder while Certificates are individually registered to each citizen and b ) money persists while Certificates expire .
The latter facet would greatly hinder , if not altogether prevent , the accumulation of wealth and property .
Transition
At the start of WWII , Technocracy ’s popularity dwindled as economic prosperity returned , however both the organization and its philosophy survived .
Today , there are two principal websites representing Technocracy in North America : Technocracy , Inc. , located in Ferndale , Washington , is represented at www.technocracy.org.
A sister organization in Vancouver , British Columbia is Technocracy Vancouver , can be found at www.technocracyvan.ca.
While Technocracy ’s original focus was exclusively on the North American continent , it is now growing rapidly in Europe and other industrialized nations .
For instance , the Network of European Technocrats was formed in 2005 as “ an autonomous research and social movement that aims to explore and develop both the theory and design of technocracy . ”
The NET website claims to have members around the world .
Of course , a few minor league organizations and their websites cannot hope to create or implement a global energy policy , but it ’s not because the ideas are n’t still alive and well .
A more likely influence on modern thinking is due to Hubbert ’s Peak Oil Theory introduced in 1954 .
It has figured prominently in the ecological / environmental movement .
In fact , the entire global warming movement indirectly sits on top of the Hubbert Peak Theory .
As the Canadian Association for the Club of Rome recently stated , “ The issue of peak oil impinges directly on the climate change question . ” ( see John H. Walsh , “ The Impending Twin Crisis – One Set of Solutions ? , p.5. )
The Modern Proposal
Because of the connection between the environmental movement , global warming and the Technocratic concept of Energy Certificates , one would expect that a Carbon Currency would be suggested from that particular community , and in fact , this is the case .
In 1995 , Judith Hanna wrote in New Scientist , “ Toward a single carbon currency ” , “ My proposal is to set a global quota for fossil fuel combustion every year , and to share it equally between all the adults in the world . ”
In 2004 , the prestigious Harvard International Review published “ A New Currency ” and stated ,
“ For those keen to slow global warming , the most effective actions are in the creation of strong national carbon currencies …
For scholars and policymakers , the key task is to mine history for guides that are more useful .
Global warming is considered an environmental issue , but its best solutions are not to be found in the canon of environmental law .
Carbon ’s ubiquity in the world economy demands that cost be a consideration in any regime to limit emissions .
Indeed , emissions trading has been anointed king because it is the most responsive to cost .
And since trading emissions for carbon is more akin to trading currency than eliminating a pollutant , policymakers should be looking at trade and finance with an eye to how carbon markets should be governed .
We must anticipate the policy challenges that will arise as this bottom - up system emerges , including the governance of seams between each of the nascent trading systems , liability rules for bogus permits , and judicial cooperation .
[ Emphasis added ]
HIR concludes that “ after seven years of spinning wheels and wrong analogies , the international regime to control carbon is headed , albeit tentatively , down a productive path . ”
In 2006 , UK Environment Secretary David Miliband spoke to the Audit Commission Annual Lecture and flatly stated ,
" Imagine a country where carbon becomes a new currency .
We carry bankcards that store both pounds and carbon points .
When we buy electricity , gas and fuel , we use our carbon points , as well as pounds .
To help reduce carbon emissions , the Government would set limits on the amount of carbon that could be used . "
[ Emphasis added ]
In 2007 , New York Times published “ When Carbon Is Currency ” by Hannah Fairfield .
She pointedly stated “ To build a carbon market , its originators must create a currency of carbon credits that participants can trade . ”
PointCarbon , a leading global consultancy , is partnered with Bank of New York Mellon to assess rapidly growing carbon markets .
In 2008 they published “ Towards a Common Carbon Currency : Exploring the prospects for integrated global carbon markets . ”
This report discusses both environmental and economic efficiency in a similar context as originally seen with Hubbert in 1933 .
Finally , on November 9 2009 , the Telegraph ( UK ) presented an article “ Everyone in Britain could be given a personal ‘ carbon allowance . ’ ”
“ … implementing individual carbon allowances for every person will be the most effective way of meeting the targets for cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
It would involve people being issued with a unique number which they would hand over when purchasing products that contribute to their carbon footprint , such as fuel , airline tickets and electricity .
Like with a bank account , a statement would be sent out each month to help people keep track of what they are using .
If their " carbon account " hits zero , they would have to pay to get more credits ” .
[ Emphasis added ]
As you can see , these references are hardly minor league in terms of either authorship or content .
The undercurrent of early Technocratic thought has finally reached the shore where the waves are lapping at the beach .
Technocracy ’s Energy Card Prototype
In July 1937 an article by Howard Scott in Technocracy Magazine described an Energy Distribution Card in great detail .
It declared that using such an instrument as a “ means of accounting is a part of Technocracy ’s proposed change in the course of how our socioeconomic system can be organized . ”
Scott further wrote ,
“ The certificate will be issued directly to the individual .
It is nontransferable and nonnegotiable ; therefore , it cannot be stolen , lost , loaned , borrowed , or given away .
It is noncumulative ; therefore , it can not be saved , and it does not accrue or bear interest .
It need not be spent but loses its validity after a designated time period . ”
This may have seemed like science fiction in 1937 , but today it is wholly achievable .
In 2010 Technocracy , Inc. offers an updated idea of what such an Energy Distribution Card might look like .
Their website states ,
“ It is now possible to use a plastic card similar to today ’s credit card embedded with a microchip .
This chip could contain all the information needed to create an energy distribution card as described in this booklet .
Since the same information would be provided in whatever forms best suits the latest technology , however , the concept of an ‘ Energy Distribution Card ’ is what is explained here . ”
If you study the card above , you will also note that is serves as a universal identity card and contains a microchip .
This reflects Technocracy ’s philosophy that each person in society must be meticulously monitored and accounted for in order to track what they consume in terms of energy , and also what they contribute to the manufacturing process .
Carbon Market Players
The modern system of carbon credits was an invention of the Kyoto Protocol and started to gain momentum in 2002 with the establishment of the first domestic economy - wide trading scheme in the U.K .
After becoming international law in 2005 , the trading market is now predicted to reach $ 3 trillion by 2020 or earlier .
Graciela Chichilnisky , director of the Columbia Consortium for Risk Management and a designer of the carbon credit text of the Kyoto Protocol , states that the carbon market “ is therefore all about cash and trading – but it is also a way to a profitable and greener future . ”
( See Who Needs a Carbon Market ? )
Who are the “ traders ” that provide the open door to all this profit ?
Currently leading the pack are JPMorgan Chase , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley .
Bloomberg noted in Carbon Capitalists on December 4 , 2009 that
“ The banks are preparing to do with carbon what they ’ve done before : design and market derivatives contracts that will help client companies hedge their price risk over the long term .
They ’re also ready to sell carbon - related financial products to outside investors . ”
At JP Morgan , the woman who originally invented Credit Default Swaps , Blythe Masters , is now head of the department that will trade carbon credits for the bank .
Considering the sheer force of global banking giants behind carbon trading , it ’s no wonder analysts are already predicting that the carbon market will soon dwarf all other commodities trading .
Conclusion
Where there is smoke , there is fire .
Where there is talk , there is action .
If M. King Hubbert and other early architects of Technocracy were alive today , they would be very pleased to see the seeds of their ideas on energy allocation grow to bear fruit on such a large scale .
In 1933 , the technology did n’t exist to implement a system of Energy Certificates .
However , with today ’s ever - advancing computer technology , the entire world could easily be managed on a single computer .
This article intended to show that
Carbon Currency is not a new idea , but has deep roots in Technocracy
Carbon Currency has grown from a continental proposal to a global proposal
It has been consistently discussed over a long period of time
The participants include many prominent global leaders , banks and think - tanks
The context of these discussions have been very consistent
Today ’s goals for implementing Carbon Currency are virtually identical to Technocracy ’s original Energy Certificates goals .
Of course , a currency is merely a means to an end .
Whoever controls the currency also controls the economy and the political structure that goes with it .
Inquiry into what such a system might look like will be a future topic .
Technocracy and energy - based accounting are not idle or theoretical issues .
If the global elite intends for Carbon Currency to supplant national currencies , then the world economic and political systems will also be fundamentally changed forever .
What Technocracy could not achieve during the Great Depression appears to have finally found traction in the Great Recession .
Bibliography & Resources
Scott & Hubbert , Technocracy Study Course , Technocracy , Inc. , 1934
Hanna , Toward a single carbon currency , New Scientist , 1995
Victor & House , A New Currency , Harvard International Review , Summer 2004
Hannah Fairfield , When Carbon Is Currency , New York Times , May 6 , 2007
M. King Hubbert & The Technocracy Technate Design – Historical blog
Everyone in Britain could be given a personal ‘ carbon allowance ’ , Telegraph ( UK )
Network of European Technocrats – website for Europe
Technocracy , Inc. – website for U.S .
Technocracy Vancouver – website for Canada
Association for the study of Peak Oil & Gas – website for Peak Oil
Please add this page to your favorite Social Bookmarking websites …
Patrick M. Wood is the editor of The August Review , which is an exclusive Internet - based publication and focuses on the Trilateral Commission , its members and activities .
Patrick can be reached at : .( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address )
Bob Poff , disaster co-ordinator of the Salvation Army
" When the earthquake struck , I was driving down the mountain from Pétionville [ a suburb of Port - au - Prince , the capital ] .
Our truck was being tossed to and fro like a toy , and when it stopped , I looked out of the windows to see buildings ' pancaking ' down , like I have never witnessed .
Traffic came to a standstill , while thousands of people poured out into the streets , crying , carry­ing bodies , looking for anyone who could help them .
We piled bodies into the back of our truck , and took them down the hill with us , hoping to find medical attention .
All of them were older , scared , bleeding and terrified .
It took about two hours to go less than one mile .
Traffic was horrible , devastation was everywhere , and suffering humanity was front and centre . "
Sophie Perez , country director for Care International
" People were screaming , crying , running .
Everything was moving .
I saw a building of nine floors collapse right in front of me .
A bank collapsed .
Even if a building is n't totally destroyed , you can't access the area because of the danger … we 're particularly worried about the children , because so many schools seem to have collapsed .
In Haiti children go to school in the afternoon .
Children were still in school when the earthquake hit , so there are many children trapped .
It 's horrifying .
The slums on the hills have also completely collapsed .
We have heard of landslides , with entire ­communities being wiped out … there were eight aftershocks during the night and we woke up every time .
My children are terrified .
Everyone is terrified . "
Susan Westwood , a Scottish nurse working at an orphanage just outside Port - au - Prince , spoke to the BBC
" I was in the intensive care room looking after a nine - month - old baby girl when the earthquake hit .
The floor started shaking violently and the whole building shook from side to side .
It lasted about 45 seconds .
After that there was a constant shuddering .
The babies were really frightened and started to cry .
Other staff and carers were screaming , they were so terrified … I could n't stand upright so I dropped to my knees .
I was able to keep hold of the baby girl and I grabbed hold of another baby .
Objects were falling from shelves , there was debris crashing all around .
I clung on to the babies and shielded them as best I could .
Then came the aftershocks .
It was impossible to even move .
After a while we managed to take all the children out on to the driveway .
We spent the whole night outside .
It was chilly but we were OK .
Some children are dehydrated now though because we could n't get any medical supplies out of the building .
There were eight aftershocks during the night , and we woke up every time .
My children are terrified .
Everyone is terrified . "
Carel Pedre , a Haitian radio DJ
" I saw a lot of people crying for help , a lot of buildings collapsed , a lot of car damage , a lot of people without help , people bleeding .
I saw a movie theatre , a supermarket , a cybercafe , an apartment building , which collapsed .
There is no electricity , all the phone networks are down , so there 's no way that people can get in touch with their family and friends .
There are aftershocks every 15 to 20 minutes .
They last from three to five seconds .
The first shock was really strong , people were falling in the streets and buildings collapsed . "
Apostolic nuncio to Haiti Archbishop Bernardito Auza
" The national palace is on the ground .
This morning I went to express my condolences and solidarity to the president , who was saved because he was outside with his family .
His private house is destroyed .
All the ministries were destroyed .
The parliament with the senators , schools with children , supermarkets , all reduced to nothing .
The UN headquarters was reduced to a cloud of cement and hundreds of people were trapped , including Hedi Annabi , the head of the UN mission . "
Pollster.com is hawking charts that obfuscate the actual results of most of the reputable pollsters that are supposedly contained in them .
Is obfuscate the right word for it ?
Let ’s see : obfuscate , blur , shade , cloud , confuse , conceal , mask , cover up .
Maybe dilute is better .
Water down , thin out , adulterate , .
That ’s the word I want .
Doctor .
They display the actual polls and their percentages in a list , and then doctor them on the way into the charts .
The math they use allows an individual pollster to supply results that substantially change , , the results reported by other pollsters .
Pollster.com is giving Rasmussen control over the national conversation on politics , with the help of credulous news people and political bloggers who display these charts on their web sites .
I ’m not going to name names .
You know who you are .
Journalists in print and online reproduce the charts as though they were news , as though they represented reality , the .
They do n’t .
One pollster can use Pollster.com to change Obama favorables into unfavorables , or a Democratic advantage on the House generic ballot into a Republican advantage .
A political poll does n’t ask every eligible voter how they ’re going to vote , they ask a sampling of voters .
If you were to take a poll of 500 randomly selected voters , and do that 100 times , you ’d get different results every time , but the results that are closer to reality will cluster around one number .
Imagine a curve that looks like a bell ; the top of the bell is the most frequent result , the presumed truth of the matter .
By chance , some of the polls will be way off ; those results are the tails , the bottom left and right edges of the bell , the ‘ outliers . ’
It should seem obvious that when you poll more people you get more reliable results .
A common standard : you poll enough voters to make sure that if you did 100 polls , only 5 of them would be further than 6 percentage points away from reality .
Let ’s look at the 2010 National Congressional generic ballot .
Rasmussen is a prolific pollster .
Since January 1 , 2010 Rasmussen has reported polling 21,000 people , versus 18,786 .
The reason you ’d want to aggregate all the polls is to be more accurate by examining the responses of as many voters as possible .
Polling is expensive , so polling numbers are hard to come by , especially in local races .
Even if you simply add the results and average them , Rasmussen ends up being the overwhelming influence on the final result .
But that ’s not the way these charts are created ; the math that Pollster.com uses gives Rasmussen an even bigger advantage .
They use a statistical method called regression analysis , the purpose of which is to make the trend line more closely match the reality of the situation , reduce the influence of random variations .
Theof Rasmussen ’s reported results gives their figures a heavy influence on the charts .
Pollster.com gives Rasmussen , an extreme outlier , an extra advantage just by the way the statistics are done .
A regression analysis gives the more frequent pollster more control over the curve .
That makes sense , but only because to use regression analysis in an honest way , Here ’s the current 2010 National Congressional generic ballot chart , with a Republican advantage of 43.6 % to 43 % .
You can reduce the advantage Rasmussen gets by using tools that Pollster.com gives you to customize the charts , for instance by increasing the ‘ sensitivity ’ of the trend line to more recent polls .
There have been 25 polls in 2010 , and six of them are from Rasmussen .
Increasing the sensitivity gives the other 19 polls more influence .
Here ’s the same chart giving the non-Rasmussen pollsters more weight : a Democratic advantage , 44.7 % to 42.8 % .
This is a swing of 2.5 % .
Here ’s the chart the way I always look at Pollster.com trends , with the sensitivity on high and Rasmussen removed .
Democratic advantage , 46.6 % to 42 % .
You can set the sensitivity on high and use the tools to remove other pollsters from the mix , and I ’ve done that with this chart and with the national charts measuring Obama job approval and Obama favorability rating .
Removing Rasmussen produces a swing of up to 5 % .
You ca n’t produce anything more than a 1 % swing removing any other pollster .
All through the year after Obama ’s election , Pollster.com reported Rasmussen ’s ‘ Obama favorability ’ as wildly divergent from all other pollsters .
Mark Blumenthal , who runs the site , had inserted Rasmussen ’s ‘ Obama job approval ’ numbers ( which are always more negative than favorable ratings ) .
After repeated complaints and objections that the Rasmussen results had to be wrong , he removed all of these numbers without telling anyone .
His September 29 , 2009 public explanation was buried on the site in a ‘ P.S. ’ to a complaint from someone else about an impossible Rasmussen result from Iowa .
It made no logical sense , I do n’t think :
“ We discovered over the last few days that what we believed to be a weekly update of Barack Obama 's favorable rating on RasmussenReports.com had been changed at some point to a weekly job approval rating , even though the labels still readandrather thanandup until about a week ago .
As such , we have removed the non-favorable ratings from our national Barack Obama favorable rating chart .
” That contradicts reality : for a year he reported numbers of respondents in the supposed Rasmussen favorability polls that were different from the numbers in the Rasmussen approval polls .
How does that correspond to the explanation that it was a labeling error ?
The Pollster.com charts , which understated Obama ’s favorable rating advantage by almost 10 % , were viewed hundreds of thousands of times on numerous political web sites .
Arguably , it affected the fate of Democratic proposals in Congress .
Here ’s something that needs an explanation .
If you take the Obama favorability chart and restrict the date range to the 12 months between 11/20/08 and 11/20/09 , you get a list that includes no Rasmussen results and a chart that corresponds :
The ghost of Rasmussen past apparently influences the other numbers .
Labels : polling , Rasmussen
From Meet the Press Rachel Maddow calls out Rep. Aaron
Shock for taking credit for what the stimulus bill has done for his district while at the same time touting his vote against the stimulus bill .
Schock tries to shift the argument to whether any Republicans were included in drafting the bill or not .
David Gregory follows up and asks Schock if that means he wo n't take any federal money for his district or not and Schock responds that he thinks it is a ridiculous argument and is Rachel Maddow going to give back her Bush tax cuts she rails about and says his district deserves their share of federal spending .
As Rachel points out though , that 's not the problem but rather the rank hypocrisy of voting against something and then touting it .
If MSNBC actually cared about their ratings on this show , they 'd get rid of Gregory and let Maddow host it .
MS . MADDOW : Which are the least stimulative things in the stimulus .
I mean , when you assess what creates jobs , in the stimulus band it 's the tax cuts that were put in in order to try to win Republican votes that did n't come anyway that are the least effective thing in the stimulus bill .
So the theory does n't match the practice here .
REP .
SCHOCK : Well , I do n't like all the pork that was in the bill .
Seven hundred eighty - seven billion dollar stimulus bill , the largest spending bill in , in history , one of the reasons why it did n't create long - term growth is it did n't have stimulative tax cuts in it , but rather a lot of pork and spending .
MR. GREGORY : So it sounds like you 're -- you like what the Democrats are doing here ?
REP .
SCHOCK : Well , look , I think , unfortunately , it 's more of the same .
I mean , all of this talk about bipartisanship , and yet the rhetoric does n't match the reality .
As David Brooks mentioned , there was some , some Republicans who worked with Democrats in the Senate to come up with a jobs bill only to have their leadership put the kibosh on it .
We , we are for creating long - term economic growth .
You do that by incentivizing entrepreneurialism , risk taking , and investment .
You do that through creating certainty in the markets through certain tax incentives .
And that 's where we 'll be on a jobs bill .
REP .
SCHOCK : Well , I , I can assure you ...
MS. MADDOW : ... just this week you were at a community college touting a $ 350,000 green technology education program , talking about how great that was going to be for your district .
You voted against the bill that created that grant .
And so that 's happening a lot with Republicans sort of taking credit for things that Democratic bills do , and then Republicans simultaneously touting their votes against them and trashing them .
That 's , I think , a , a , a problem that needs to be resolved within , within your caucus , because , I mean , you seem like a very nice person , but that 's very hypocritical stance to take .
REP .
SCHOCK : Well , Rachel , with all due respect , I can assure you Republicans were not consulted on the stimulus bill .
That bill was filed at 11 PM the night before the 10:30 AM we began debating it .
None of our amendments were considered .
There was no debate and no bipartisanship on that bill .
MS. MADDOW : How about the ...( unintelligible ) ?
MR. GREGORY : But , but answer -- all right , let me , let me ...( unintelligible ) ...
Rachel , which is that the , the question about you -- you 've called for spending caps out of Washington .
REP .
SCHOCK : Sure .
MR. GREGORY : But to Rachel 's point , does that mean that you will not accept any federal money that comes the way of your district ?
REP .
SCHOCK : No .
I think that argument that liberals are making is absolutely ridiculous .
With all due respect , Rachel , does that mean you 're going to give back your Bush tax cuts that you continue to rail against ?
The fact of the matter is our country operates and govern by a majority .
And I , along with almost all of my Republican colleagues and a good number of Democrats , have voted against the stimulus , the omnibus , all of this runaway spending .
But we 've lost those battles in the House .
And at the end of the day , my constituents ...
MR. GREGORY : But you 'll take the money for , you 'll take the money for your district .
MS . MADDOW : Take the money and tout it ...( unintelligible ) .
REP .
FORD : Here 's , here 's , here 's a ...
REP .
SCHOCK : Well , let me finish .
At the end of the day , my constituents and their children and grandchildren will be on the hook for the debt that 's being created by this majority ...
MR. GREGORY : OK .
REP . SCHOCK : ... and they deserve to have their fair share of federal spending .
MR. GREGORY : Harold 's turn .
REP .
FORD : I was in Congress for 10 years .
I can tell you , your party ran up a lot of debt .
Matter of fact , we , we grew - - from the eight years that President Bush was there , the rate of growth exceeded any other presidents in the history of the nation .
So we found ourselves in a moment ...
REP .
SCHOCK : Until this one .
REP .
FORD : Well , no , this , this president , he 's only been in a year .
I know you want to blame him for everything , but you can't blame him for quite everything yet .
And I do n't want to blame President Bush , but we got to put it in context .
Two , I , I love it when Republicans talk about the desire to come around the table and work together .
It was a Republican - Democrat thing that happened in the Senate .
It was Grassley and Baucus , and it was Hatch and Schumer .
They 're -- that was the centerpiece of the , of the stimulus bill and the jobs bill that 's working its way through the Senate .
But it was McConnell who told Reid the other day , " I will not work to , to , to collect any votes for this bill if you bring it to the floor . "
There has to be a genuineness and a sincerity here .
Republicans say they want deficit reduction and deficit control , they vote against a deficit commission .
I do hope President Obama will use an executive order to create a deficit commission in spite of what Republicans may say .
You can't have it one day Monday in the morning and have a different message in the afternoon on , on , on Tuesday .
MR. BROOKS : But can I say this ?
MR. GREGORY : Yeah .
REP .
FORD : I think it just has to be fair .
Now , Democrats deserve some blame here .
MR. GREGORY : Right .
MR. BROOKS : Yeah .
REP .
FORD : But Republicans have to be , have to be honest , too .
MR. BROOKS : This conversation exemplifies what 's wrong with Washington .
It 's like two guys fighting in the ocean to see who drowns first .
I mean , the - - it 's - - both parties are responsible for the , the deficits , and both parties are responsible for the fiscal suicide .
And if you look at the polls that came out -- a whole bunch of polls came out this week and they show both parties very negative .
Unprecedented levels of distrust in Washington .
Unprecedented , historically high levels of people want to get rid of their member of Congress from both parties .
A level of distrust of Washington that is absolutely unprecedented in American history .
And it 's because the two sides are trying to fight each other than actually do something bipartisan or actually do anything .
MS. MADDOW : No , but ...
MR . BROOKS : And so bipartisanship has become a wedge issue , a way to make the other party look bad .
So bipartisanship has been twisted into just another partisan rant .
MS . MADDOW : But the issue is not bipartisanship qua bipartisanship .
It 's hypocrisy .
I mean , if you are for PAYGO , if you 're for a deficit commission until the president of the other party comes around for it , and then you 're against it ?
We 're not talking policy anymore , we 're not talking about bipartisanship .
You should n't be blamed for not getting Republican votes on that .
That 's hypocrisy .
If you vote against the omnibus bill , if you complain about the omnibus bill , if you tout your vote against the omnibus bill , it is hypocrisy to then go to your district and go to a ribbon cutting ceremony for something that 's funded by the omnibus bill that you voted against .
It 's not just bipartisanship as a sort of platonic virtue .
REP .
FORD : But , but ...( unintelligible ) .
MR. BROOKS : Listen ...( unintelligible ) ...
Republicans say -- I can pick up the Democratic points .
If , if Obama wants to say , " I 'm going to balance the budget , " and then say , " but I wo n't cut taxes on the bottom 98 percent , " well , that 's also somewhat hypocritical or inconsistent .
If he says ...
MS . MADDOW : Or that 's focused policy .
MR. BROOKS : ... " I want bipartisan health care , " but then invites the , the cameras into a bipartisan discussion and already has the plan he 's going to come with -- out with after the healthcare summit , that 's also slightly political .
— A Lee County man filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against the county , the sheriff 's department and numerous deputies , saying the deputies beat him and used a stun gun on him 11 times last April .
Steven " Wayne " Thomas is seeking more than $ 3 million in compensatory damages and unspecified punitive damages in the suit , alleging that the deputies violated his civil rights .
According to the suit , Thomas started acting irrationally after working with chemicals in his tobacco fields .
As his friend was driving him to seek medical help , Thomas jumped out of the pickup and destroyed a woman 's decorative fence .
When deputies arrived to arrest him , they assaulted him and broke his jaw , the lawsuit alleges .
One deputy used his stun gun on Thomas eight times in less than three minutes , according to the suit .
Lee County Sheriff Tracy Carter said his deputies were pushed around in the scuffle and that they acted appropriately .
" Mr. Thomas assaulted one of my deputies ( and ) later in the incident , assaulted two more of my deputies .
I believe my officers used a reasonable amount of force , " Carter said Thursday .
The deputies arrested Thomas and kept him shackled to a hospital bed for two days , although a magistrate had already set a bond for him and his family had agreed to post the bond , according to the lawsuit .
“ The Lee County Sheriff ’s Department acted recklessly and clearly used excessive force on Wayne Thomas , " attorney Kieran Shanahan said in a statement .
" The situation was made worse when Wayne was held for three - and - one - half days and not told he could post bail .
He was also denied proper medical care .
" My client and I are both pro-law enforcement , but this is a clear case of law enforcement going too far . "
The surprising increase in methane concentrations millennia ago , identified in continental glacier studies , has puzzled researchers for a long time .
According to a strong theory , this would have resulted from the commencement of rice cultivation in East Asia .
However , a study conducted at the University of Helsinki's Department of Environmental Sciences and the Department of Geosciences and Geography shows that the massive expanse of the northern peatlands occurred around 5000 years ago , coincident with rising atmospheric methane levels .
After water vapour and carbon dioxide , methane is the most significant greenhouse gas , resulting in about one fifth of atmospheric warming caused by humans .
Methane emissions are mainly created by peatlands , animal husbandry , rice cultivation , landfill sites , fossil fuel production and biomass combustion .
Northern peatlands are immense sources of methane , but previous studies have argued them to have been established almost immediately after the Ice Age ended .
Consequently , they could not explain the increase of methane , dated to have commenced thousands of years later , since the methane emissions of peatlands decrease as they age .
William Ruddiman , Professor Emeritus in environmental sciences at the University of Virginia , has presented a widely published theory according to which humanity started to affect the climate thousands of years ago , not just since the start of the industrial revolution .
According to the theory , rice cultivation , commenced in East Asia already over 5,000 years ago , caused the declining methane amounts to again increase , which contributed to preventing the next ice age .
The timeframe of the spread of peatlands matches the increase in methane levels
The new study , conducted under the supervision of Professor Atte Korhola , explains the emergence of the peatlands in the northern hemisphere , and their development history , in a new way .
The researchers compiled an extensive radiocarbon dating database concerning the bottom peat in peatlands .
Based on over 3,000 dates , their statistical and location information - based analysis , it was identified that the expansion of northern peatlands significantly accelerated about 5,000 years ago .
At the same time , the methane content in the atmosphere started to increase .
Peatland expansion resulted in the emergence of millions of square kilometres of young peatlands of the mineretrophic fen type , and they puffed large amounts of methane gas in to the air as the organic matter rotted .
According to the study , the early increase in methane levels was mainly caused by natural reasons , and human operations are not necessarily required to explain it .
The expansion of peatlands was triggered by the climate turning moister and cooler , which caused the groundwater levels to rise , while accelerating peat build - up and growth .
A similar methane peak may also emerge in the future if precipitation in the arctic areas increases as forecasted .
The study was published last week in the Quaternary Science Reviews series , and the study was conducted by Atte Korhola , Professor ; Meri Ruppel , M.A. ; and the docents Minna Väliranta , Tarmo Virtanen and Jan Weckström from the University of Helsinki 's Environmental Change Research Unit ( ECRU ) and Heikki Seppä , Professor in the Department of Geosciences and Geography at the University of Helsinki .
THE HAGUE ( Reuters ) - Kosovo ’s 2008 declaration of independence was the only viable option after brutal ethnic cleansing in the Balkans , the United States told the World Court on Tuesday , countering Russia ’s argument that former ruler Serbia no longer posed a threat to Kosovo .
An ethnic Albanian boy rides a bicycle past paintings of the flags of countries who supported Kosovo 's independence , in Gnjilane February 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Damir Sagolj
The International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) is holding hearings examining whether Kosovo ’s declaration of independence was legal , following objections raised by Belgrade .
After two weeks of hearings that end this week , the court is expected to deliver an advisory and non-binding ruling in a few months .
The United States told the U.N. court that Kosovo ’s secession was the “ will of the people ” and resulted from the failure of Serbia and Kosovo to reach a political solution after their 1998 - 99 war .
Kosovo ’s necessary declaration “ brought much - needed stability to the Balkans and closed the book on the protracted break - up of what was Yugoslavia , ” said Harold Hongju Koh , legal adviser to the U.S. Department of State .
The ICJ hearings come a decade after separatist Kosovo Albanians triggered a crackdown by the Yugoslav army and police , which ended after a 78 - day NATO bombing campaign against Yugoslavia in 1999 .
Russia told the court Kosovo was no longer under threat and that events of 10 years ago -- which led the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution to secure a ceasefire and Kosovo self - governance -- could not serve as a basis for independence .
“ By 2008 , there was clearly no threat to the population of Kosovo coming from the Serbian authorities and there were clearly full chances for a negotiated solution for a truly self - governing Kosovo within the state of Serbia , ” said Kirill Gevorgian , Russia ’s ambassador to the Netherlands .
Kosovo ’s declaration has been recognized by 63 states , but Serbia -- which has said Kosovo is its historical cradle -- and its ally Russia have refused to do so , arguing it was not in accordance with international law .
Russia has largely subdued a separatist Islamist insurgency in its province of Chechnya , but recognized Georgia ’s breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent states last year , a move only two other countries -- Nicaragua and Venezuela -- have copied .
EUROPE’S FUTURE
Koh , citing the U.S. declaration of independence , said not one of more than 100 such declarations globally has ever been ruled to have violated international law .
He urged the court to rule in favor of Kosovo or refrain from giving any ruling .
“ Kosovo is now independent and both Serbia and Kosovo are part of Europe ’s future , ” he said , stressing the United States had come to the court as a friend of both parties .
Kosovo said last week its independence was irreversible and was made necessary by Serbia ’s killing of 12,000 of its people in the 1990s .
But Serbia said its declaration flagrantly violated its territorial integrity , and its lawyers warned the case was being watched anxiously by other countries with separatist problems .
Spain , grappling with its own separatist movements , agreed human rights abuses should be taken into account when considering Kosovo ’s future , but said it could not identify a new offence that could justify “ remedial secession . ”
The Basque separatist movement ETA has killed more than 800 people in four decades in its fight for an independent state in northern Spain and southwestern France .
Spain is one of five EU member states that have not recognized Kosovo as independent .
Permanent Security Council member China argued on Monday the U.N. Security Council resolution reaffirming commitment to the territorial integrity of Yugoslavia was binding , and Kosovo and Serbia should negotiate a settlement acceptable to both parties .
“ Only by doing so could they reach a fair and reasonable outcome and a lasting peace be established in the Balkans , ” said Xue Hanqin , legal counsel to China ’s Foreign Affairs Ministry .
China brands Tibet ’s Dalai Lama a separatist , although he says he only wants more autonomy for the region , and also faces a breakaway movement in its northwestern Xinjiang region .
Who do you think is funny ?
Or , and this will give you the real answer , who have you known , who you have found funny ?
It was this kind of questioning that led me to a surprising conclusion , given the received wisdom on the matter .
Almost everyone I ’ve met in my life , who I ’ve found really funny , has been female .
My dad has quite a good line in dad jokes , but it was mum who wrote rhyming comedy pantomimes for the kids to entertain the extended family with every year .
The boys I went to school with had a cocky nerve , but when they shouted “ Fuck you ! ” , it was the female teachers who snapped back “ Huh !
You ’d have a job ” .
When I think of funny people I think of teachers ( mainly female ) .
I think of the aunties who taught me practical jokes .
I think of My Naughty Little Sister and Marmalade Atkinson .
I think of my primary school friend Christina telling me those years were “ if not the best , certainly the funniest ” of her life .
Of Sophie , whose letters came in envelopes covered in notes for the postman that made me cry with laughter .
Of Sarah , who wore “ baggy men ’s shirts ” and felt it essential to point out “ the shirts are baggy , not the men ” .
Of Gayle , who made me tapes I wish I still had .
Of Katie and Lucy and Polly and Helen and Sarah and Jo .
But the funniest person I ’ve ever met was a barista I once worked with called Becky .
I was at university , and she was a real local girl – left school young , had been through at least one abortion , and was full of stories you knew you should n’t believe .
Becky was an extraordinarily strong - shelled character : continually performing , but always elsewhere – unknowable .
She had a gleam in her eye that fed off her own wit , and making her laugh became a game .
Because by getting Becky to laugh at you you were forcing her off - script – it was the only chance you ’d get to see the real Becky .
I handed out Christmas cards to everyone when I left , and as I gave Becky hers , I said “ I should ’ve written something like ‘ see you on telly ’ , sorry ! ”
She looked down at it for a split second before deadpanning , “ You can add it on the bottom there . ”
I think there ’s a unique warmth in women ’s humour because it ’s not competitive – or at least not directly so .
Women are competitive , of course , just as men are .
But while men use humour to showboat and impress women , girls do n’t get the boy by being funny .
Being fun and smart and all those things is charming in a girl , I ’m sure , but ultimately these are n’t the criteria for mate selection in females .
So women are n’t in a continual war to be the funniest .
The result is , I think , that women are the funniest .
I ’m sure no one will believe me , but I feel this needs to be said .
Without the evolutionary pressure , the culture of banter has n’t crystalised into recognisable forms .
Germaine Greer wrote about women being “ droll ” rather than witty , in a Guardian column fairly recently , but I think her analysis was rather lazy , using the assumptions rather than questioning them .
When women are funny , it ’s because we have n’t had the training .
It ’s not laboured , it has n’t ploughed the same furrow for generations .
Women do n’t have access to moulded heirlooms labelled theme and technique .
Male humour is learned and expected and socially rewarded – it ’s easily observed by small boys looking up and through this society – a society dominated by their same - sex parents and peers for generations .
But female humour has nothing like that precedent .
And to the extent that there is an established tradition of female wit , it ’s not treated as a template .
As individual islands with no incentive to compete and out - do the last Chief Wit , we ’re usually happier finding our own way .
So the whole thing perpetuates .
Female comedy , like female art , does n’t work within a tradition .
It ’s not contextualised by history , but by individuals in the moment .
It ’s a parallel circuit .
In secret corners of their inner worlds women are writing a continual narrative , and we are making it up as we go along .
The female story is less prescribed than the male one because it ’s all ours – we do n’t have the reproductive imperative that volunteers our every social interaction into a competitive hierarchy .
For all the standard bumf about women being social , all ready to be herded up , we actually have a powerful autonomy .
Women are as potentially socially damaging as men are reinforcing .
There are hierarchies for women , do n’t get me wrong , but it ’s the male fight that ’s the ferocious and obvious one , the one that ’s in the spotlight in our Western society .
The one that gives the society its shape .
We are all animals , all competing for survival , but as females we ’ve been indulged with a kind of vestigial funny bone , a weapon recalled from duty .
It ’s a sense of humour we can simply play with , or , if we choose , make useful through instruction , human connection and pure delight .
We can choose , that ’s the thing .
So for women , humour is both much more valuable and much more dispensible than it is for men – it has a spectrum of uses and worth .
While men reach out to each other with tendrils of wit , for women the tropes of the funny become woven inward , into all our stories and worries .
Each woman is , potentially at least , a unique comedy event , but the narratives of the absurd are complex and personalised for funny women , in contrast to the scattershot outward web - slings of funny men .
Sharing those narratives is a very pure intimacy and a very liberating thing to do .
I should n’t even have to say it , but you do n’t often hear this so I will .
The thing is : in real , non-showbiz , life , girls who know each other know how to press each other ’s buttons .
Girls can make girls laugh in ways that , I ’m afraid , men ca n’t begin to approach .
Because when women amuse each other there can be purity .
There can be an almost childlike delight and , often , a subtle and intuitive recognition .
I never saw a boy make Becky laugh .
Not really laugh .
But what chance did they have ?
Being funny was Becky ’s thing , it was a one - way street , and she owned every inch of it .
When boys cranked up the gag machines to try to impress her the volume would drop and you ’d see their lips moving in slo-mo .
It was agonising to watch .
Her feigned amusement .
Their unquestioning acceptance of her feigned amusement .
The way she got off with them anyway .
Boys and girls laugh at each other all the time and the laughter has no value as humour at all because it ’s a means to an end ; a working tool passed between men and women almost regardless of its inherent potential for joy .
But for a girl like me to make a girl like Becky laugh .
Well .
That ’s the real end game .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
State Farm Insurance is suing a drunken driver 's employer -- Deschutes Brewery -- for $ 230,000 for allegedly allowing the man to drink as much free beer as he liked the evening that he crashed into a Toyota 4 - Runner with four people inside .
The lawsuit claims that Deschutes Brewery allowed Joseph Umphery unlimited access to beer in a keg room at the back of its bottling plant and at its brew pub in Bend .
Umphery 's supervisor told him that the company permitted employees to drink one beer each at the end of their shifts in the keg room , according to the suit , but no one monitored how much employees took .
The suit claims that employees often ended up intoxicated as they drank throughout their shifts , and that Umphery 's supervisor encouraged him to drink even though he was an alcoholic who had been sober for nine months .
Gary Fish , president of Deschutes Brewery , said his company did an investigation and found the facts leading up to the crash to be " significantly different " than portrayed by State Farm .
He said Umphery was an employee for six to eight weeks .
Fish disagreed that Deschutes fostered a culture of irresponsible drinking .
" The full story is not being told in that complaint , " Fish said . " ... I believe Deschutes Brewery has always behaved in a responsible manner . "
In addition to the brew pub in downtown Bend , the company also has a pub in Portland 's Pearl District .
According to the suit , on Feb. 22 , 2008 , Umphery drank 10 to 13 beers at the keg room and brew pub , then five to seven more beers at a strip club called " The Fan " in Redmond even though he was visibly drunk , the lawsuit alleges .
A bouncer told him to leave for arguing with another customer , then helped him to his 1992 Oldsmobile Cutlass , according to the suit .
As he drove home along U.S. 20 , Umphery slammed into the rear - end of a 2003 Toyota 4 - Runner , driven by Brian Vajda .
Vajda and three passengers were injured when the SUV rolled several times , crashed through a " guard fence , " and hit a pine tree , according to the suit .
All were taken to the hospital , including one of the passengers who was pulled from the SUV after rescuers cut through the roof .
Umphery had a blood alcohol level of 0.29 , according to the suit .
The 27 - year - old was convicted of driving under the influence of intoxicants , second - degree assault , reckless driving , giving false information to police and recklessly endangering others .
He was sentenced to nearly six years in prison in Deschutes County Circuit Court and ordered to pay about $ 384,000 in restitution .
The suit was filed by Portland attorney Eric Virshbo in Multnomah County Circuit Court late Friday .
It states that Umphery did n't have auto insurance , and State Farm paid out $ 230,000 for the injuries to the SUV's passengers and damage to the SUV .
The insurance company is suing Deschutes Brewery as well as the strip club for the money .
-- Aimee Green
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Vitiligo is a skin disease which is mostly characterized by milky white pathches on the skin because of pigment loss .
For light skinned persons , this disease may not be observed easily but it is clearly seen for darks .
The reason and remedy of vitiligo have not been clearly defined yet .
So , it is very difficult to get over this problem .
According to specialists , vitiligo is an auto - immune disease and it appears when someone is under high stress or life pressure .
This is probably because of economical crisis , unwanted or unexpected events , some serious diseases which damage the immune system .
In vitiligo , skin cells called melanocytes are destroyed .
This white patches may appear everywhere on the human skin but it mostly takes place on eye - lips , mouth , hand and foot fingers , genital and rectal areas , face and sometimes in hair .
There are two types of vitiligo specified by doctors .
Local vitiligo and generalized vitiligo namely .
Localized vitiligo is grouped as focal pattern vitiligo and segmental pattern vitiligo .
Unlike localized one , generalized vitiligo is classified as acrofacial , universal and vulgaris .
Almost 2 % of the overall populations is suffered to vitiligo .
That is , almost 50 million of people makes of the vitiligo population .
For most patients , vitligo is accompanied with other diseases like hyperthyroidism , alopecia areata , pernicious anemia .
Alopecia areata is simply the pathches of baldness and pernicious anemia is a disorder caused by deficieny of B12 .
For most of the cases , it is hereditary and children gets vitiligo in low ages .
However , vitiligo appears between 20 - 30 ages for most of the cases .
It 's not easy to live with vitiligo .
You may struggle to feel good about your appearance , but please know that at the end of the day , it is your actions and personality that touches people .
And , is n't that why we are all here anyway ?
There are many cosmetic brands available that can be used to hide the vitiligo .
You need to talk to your doctor and try few and find out which suits you best .
Dihydroxyacetone containing sunless tan can be used by light skinned people to get even color .
You need to try out few products and decide what suits you most .
Another common treatment is PUVA .
In PUVA a drug called psoralen is either applied or given orally to the patient .
This drug makes the skin very sensitive to UV radiation .
The affected skin is then exposed to UV light .
This may help re-pigmentation of the affected site .
This treatment may be given twice a week for five minutes each and may continue for up to two years .
Your doctor will decide about that .
There is no guarantee that the regenerated pigment will not be lost again .
Lost
Fans are frantic to find out which of Lost 's 4,815,162,342 mysteries will be resolved in the show 's final season .
But think how the actors must feel .
Even the people bringing the characters to life have no idea , in some cases , why they do the things they do .
We talked to a few of the show 's stars to see what they desperately want answered before the series concludes on May 23 .
" First and foremost , what is the smoke monster ? " — Jorge Garcia ( Hugo " Hurley " Reyes )
In the Season 6 premiere , it was revealed that the smoke monster is an incarnation of the Man in Black .
But what does that mean ?
Danielle Rousseau once described it as a security system , and the people of the Temple — where much of the premiere takes place — appear to fear the smoke monster and have no defense against it other than encircling themselves with ash .
Check out our Lost Burning Questions photo gallery
" What are the numbers ?
I was always intrigued by the numbers even though I 'm not a sci- fi person . "
— Evangeline Lilly ( Kate Austen )
" What the hell are those numbers about ? " — Josh Holloway ( James " Sawyer " Ford )
The numbers 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , and 42 are very important to Lost , but we do n't know exactly how or why .
Hurley played them in the lottery after hearing them in a mental hospital , but had a run of bad luck afterwards .
The bad luck rubbed off on other island inhabitants , including Desmond ( Henry Ian Cusick ) , whose failure to enter them into the computer caused Oceanic 815 to crash .
However , in Season 6 , the Hurley on the Flight 815 that did land says he 's always been lucky .
Lost : Evangeline Lilly and Josh Holloway on who Kate should end up with
" What was the island really about and what was the contest about the control of the island ? " — Michael Emerson ( Benjamin Linus )
Ben Linus and Charles Widmore ( Alan Dale ) have fought for years for control of the island .
Initially , Ben had Widmore exiled from the island and usurped his position as leader .
Widmore searched for decades , even purchasing a journal belonging to the first mate on the Black Rock , a ship that crashed there .
He later sent a freighter to the island to retrieve Ben , and Widmore 's mercenaries killed Ben 's daughter , Alex ( Tania Raymonde ) .
" Why are we here ?
Why us ?
Is there a particular reason we were chosen to be on this island ?
— Daniel Dae Kim ( Jin Kwon )
" Why are we on the island ? " — Terry O'Quinn ( John Locke )
In the Season 5 finale , the mysterious Jacob visited Kate , Sawyer , Jack , Sayid ( Naveen Andrews ) , Jin and Sun and Hurley before they all boarded the same doomed flight — minus Jin , who was still on the island living with the 1970s Dharma Initiative .
Why were they so special ?
13 Questions with the producers of Lost : Polar bears , the smoke monster , and the Man in Black
" Who is John Locke ? " — Yunjin Kim ( Sun Kwon )
The dearly departed John Locke is now an incarnation of the Man in Black , but Locke was mysterious even before his latest turn .
He crashed on the island paralyzed , but regained his ability to walk .
He was so special that he became the leader of the Others for a short period of time .
But why is he so special ?
" What 's Walt 's connection to the island ?
They kidnapped him and they tested him and we did terrible things to get him back . "
— Harold Perrineau ( Michael Dawson )
Even before arriving on the island , young Walt ( Malcolm David Kelley ) was regarded as " special , " and may have had psychic powers .
The Others kidnapped him in the Season 1 finale and conducted unseen , but extensive testing on him .
Michael betrayed Jack , Kate and Sawyer to get him back .
What Lost mysteries do you want solved ?
Open Letter to Two NPR Reporters
Tweet
Ms. Chana Joffe - Walt and Mr. David Kestenbaum
All Things Considered
National Public Radio
Dear Ms. Joffe - Walt and Mr. Kestenbaum :
Your excellent February 26 , 2010 , report on the history of how government officials chose the different methods that Medicare has used over the years to determine doctors ’ pay is frightening because …
… in your report , Joe Califano , a chief architect of Medicare , admits that the first method of determining doctors ’ pay was chosen for political reasons , namely , to buy doctors ’ support for Medicare .
… you report that Mr. Califano , LBJ , and Congress were genuinely surprised by the rapid cost increases sparked by this first method .
… you reveal that much of the treatment that Medicare paid for was previously provided free by physicians ; that is , Medicare crowded out a sizable chunk of private - sector philanthropy .
… you tell how attempts to change this first method of paying doctors were deeply influenced by skilled lobbyists working on behalf of doctors .
… in describing the development of the method currently used for determining doctors ’ pay , you ( perhaps without realizing it ) reveal that this current method is the product of a comically childish labor - theory - of - value analysis – the same sort of analysis that is at the foundation of Marxian economics .
… your report ends with the admission that , because the current method is n’t working so well , Uncle Sam – 45 years after Medicare was launched – is still searching for a sound method for determining physicians ’ pay .
Given this history , what reason is there to suppose that Obamacare is a good idea ?
Sincerely ,
Donald J. Boudreaux
Professor of Economics
George Mason University
Fairfax , VA 22030
Comments
You 're doing it wrong !
Chinese demolition men accidentally create the leaning tower of Liuzhou
Everyone likes to see a good video of a large building being completely reduced to rubble .
This video goes one better .
The footage , taken on December 30 , shows a 22 - floor residential building being demolished in the city of Liuzhou in southern China .
Scroll down for video
So far so good :
The building in Liuzhou , southern China , seconds before the planned demolition
We 're still ok :
The initial blast successfully breaks the building into two parts
Er ... that 's not looking so great :
Half of the building tumbles sideways in a cloud of dust
Best laid plans :
The other half of the building remains standing - but leaning precariously to the side
But disaster is narrowly averted when the demolition goes wrong .
Instead of crumbling into a contained heap of rubble , half of the building crashes sideways to the ground , narrowly averting disaster .
Even more alarmingly , the other half is left still standing - but leaning precariously to the side .
Not quite as planned :
Another view catches the moment half the building goes down while the other half remains leaning
Shoppers in Liuzhou carry on , unperturbed by the dangerously leaning building
In video footage , onlookers can be heard shouting in awe as the blast is carried out .
The demolition failed due to technical reasons , the China Daily reported .
Experts had intended for the building to break in to two parts - but the rest of the experiment had , clearly , gone awry .
The building was being destroyed to make way for real estate projects .
Senate debates
Thursday , 4 February 2010
Dalai Lama
10:24 am
Bob Brown ( Australian Greens ) | Hansard source
What a pathetic statement from the government .
The minister has the arrogance to say that these are matters that should be dealt with by the government .
In other words , the parliament should be disempowered from debating issues of international significance .
Of course , that is a failure to understand the democratic system .
Let me remind the government that it is the executive but it is not the parliament of this country , and nor does it have ownership of what should be debated or should not be debated — thank goodness — in the Australian parliament .
This motion is to welcome the news that the President of the United States , Barack Obama , will be meeting with His Holiness the Dalai Lama , the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people in exile , in the coming weeks .
The difficulty here , to be blunt about this , is that when His Holiness was in Australia in December , while the Leader of the Opposition , Mr Abbott , met with him and I , as the Leader of the Greens met with him and introduced him to 3,000 or 4,000 people in Hobart , the Prime Minister of Australia declined to meet with the Dalai Lama .
The reason for that is not that there is not respect for the Dalai Lama , as the minister says , but that there is a cowardice , a lack of courage , to simply say to the Chinese government , to the regime in Beijing , ‘ We will not be coerced into having our relationships with people around the world dictated by you . ’
Instead of that , the government , the Prime Minister , acquiesced and failed to meet His Holiness .
Barack Obama is doing the right thing and that should be welcomed .
That is what this motion is about .
Question put :
That the motion ( Senator Bob Brown ’s ) be agreed to .
Comments
Log in or join to post a public comment .
This is one of the very best list of its kind where you can find about some best online website building tools available to create your free website .
These free website building tools can help a lot to beginners who do not have technical knowledge but have interest in web design .
These website building tools can be very helpful for you when you want to get your work done .
I hope all of you will like this list if you are office worker , designer , developer , a manager , a supervisor , a student , a home user , etc .
Most of them are not very well - known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features .
This is the list of 13 Easy And Powerful Website Building Tools To Create Your Free Site .
Just take a look at them and share your thoughts here .
You are welcome if you want to share more free website builders that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter and do not forget to become our fan on facebook as well .
GetShopped
You can create free website , pages , sell online , send newsletters , and blog online with GetShopped .
This is perfect for any new or existing business that wants to sell products or services online .
GetShopped integrates with Google Checkout , Paypal , Payment Express , and many other trusted payment processors .
This will ensure secure payment processing for your clients .
Webnode
Webnode allows visitors to create , design , develop and run powerful free websites and web application from start to finish .
It was engineered for ease of use and extreme speed , it can effortlessly produce high - caliber professional web pages within minutes .
Jimdo
It ’s really easy to create a free website with Jimdo : just sign - up , follow the link to your own Page , integrate pictures , videos and texts in seconds , change the design with a click , add as many pages as you want … and show your swifty JimdoFree - Page to your friends .
WebStarts
WebStarts is another great option to create a free website .
You can drag and drop photos , videos , text , and more .
You can create a unique professional online presence .
Choose from dozens of pre-designed layouts or make your own using free website builder .
350 pages
350 pages is easy to use free website builder that can help you create a website and edit your pages from anywhere in the world at any time .
Since 350 pages is hosted on the safe , fast , and reliable web servers , you do n’t need to download , install or configure anything .
All you need is a web browser ( IE 6/7 , Firefox , or Safari ) and an internet connection .
Wix
With Wix you can create a free website or make your free MySpace layouts and Flash MySpace layouts .
It ’s the simpler , faster , better way to build & design on the web .
Yola
Yola is absolutely dedicated to helping you build your free website quickly and effortlessly .
They offer critically - acclaimed , easy - to - use tools and web hosting all for free .
You can choose from over 100 customizable website templates to get the look you want and much more …
Google Sites
Google Sites is a free and easy way to create and share webpages .
This is powerful enough for a company intranet , yet simple enough for a family website as well .
Moonfruit
Weebly
Weebly is the easiest way to create a free website .
From personal to professional sites , Weebly will enable you to spend your time on the most valuable part of your site , its content .
You can create free website and free blogs .
doTemplate
doTemplate is a web template builder .
It offers a range of website themes you can personalize online before downloading .
You can use this easy template creator for free .
Edicy
Edicy is so easy to use you can build a site for your business or organization and have it live on the internet in a matter of minutes .
All the tools are available online with no additional software required , just pick one of our beautifully made designs , enter your text , add your images and then publish your site to your own custom web address , it ’s that simple .
Moogo
Creating your own website with Moogo is incredibly easy .
Moogo offers you a simple way of creating your own easy - to - update website with style even if you have never created a website in your life before .
Moogo is perfect for individuals , small businesses , clubs and organizations , sport teams , real estate …or making a website for your band or your pet .
Search my Quotes DataBase - Enter one or two keywords and / or author last name .
Hint : keep it simple , like life twain
Facebook share Tweet This Email this
Words of Wisdom Quotes - Wisdom Sayings
I hope you find great value in these Words of Wisdom Quotes and Wisdom Sayings from my large collection of inspirational quotes and motivational sayings .
Beware the Rattlesnake of the Mind .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Related topics : Life Human - Nature Psychology Live-By
The purpose of our lives is to be happy .
- Tenzin Gyatso , the 14th Dalai Lama
What we think , we become .
All that we are arises with our thoughts .
With our thoughts , we make the world .
- The Buddha
Always be a first - rate version of yourself ,
instead of a second - rate version of somebody else .
- Judy Garland
Please sign - up for my Free Inspirational Daily Email on the form below .
The life of inner peace ,
being harmonious and without stress ,
is the easiest type of existence .
- Norman Vincent Peale
Do n't Take Anything Personally .
Nothing others do is because of you .
- Miguel Angel Ruiz ( don Miguel Ruiz )
The butterfly counts not months but moments , and has time enough .
- Rabindranath Tagore
The mind is not a vessel to be filled
but a fire to be kindled .
- Plutarch
He who knows others is wise .
He who knows himself is enlightened .
- Lao Tzu
The world is perfect .
It 's a mess .
It has always been a mess .
We are not going to change it .
Our job is to straighten out our own lives .
- Joseph Campbell
This above all , to thine own self be true .
- William Shakespeare
Happiness cannot thrive within the prison of obligation
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Life 's burdens are lighter when I laugh at myself .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The Main Thing is to Keep
The Main Thing The Main Thing .
- Stephen Covey
See no evil , Hear no evil , Speak no evil .
- Japanese pictorial maxim ( the Three Wise Monkeys )
Everything has beauty ,
but not everyone sees it .
- Confucius
Footprints in the sands of time ...
Where have you been ?
Where are you going ?
Why are you going there ?
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
There is beauty and adventure in the commonplace
for those with eyes to see beyond .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
If you are n't in the moment ,
you are either looking forward to uncertainty ,
or back to pain and regret .
- Jim Carrey
Happiness walks on busy feet .
- Kitte Turmell
There are no facts , only interpretations .
- Friedrich Nietzsche
Life is a succession of lessons
which must be lived to be understood .
- Helen Keller
Nature does not hurry , yet everything is accomplished .
- Lao Tzu
A well - developed sense of humor
is the pole that adds balance to your steps ,
as you walk the tightrope of life .
- William Arthur Ward
You do n't have the power to make life " fair , "
but you do have the power to make life joyful .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Drop the sword - for there is but one flesh to wound ,
and it is the one flesh of all humankind .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Universal compassion is the only guarantee of morality .
- Arthur Schopenhauer
Life is as easy or as hard as you think it is .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Time , like life itself , has no inherent meaning .
We give our own meaning to time as to life .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Change what you see ,
by changing how you see .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Life is really simple ,
but we insist on making it complicated .
- Confucius
Life is a reflection of intent .
Love reflects love .
Hate reflects hate .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
He who is contented is rich .
- Lao Tzu
Life is without meaning .
You bring the meaning to it .
The meaning of life is
whatever you ascribe it to be .
Being alive is the meaning .
- Joseph Campbell
Bringing a childlike wonder
and a beginner 's mind to life
maximizes both success and joy .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The book of life is filled with incoherent riddles .
Life 's true lessons are inscribed in a corner of the margin .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Everyone is a prisoner of his own experiences .
No one can eliminate prejudices -
just recognize them .
- Edward R. Murrow
The true meaning of life is to plant trees ,
under whose shade you do not expect to sit .
- Nelson Henderson
The words of truth are always paradoxical .
- Lao Tzu
Silence is a source of great strength .
- Lao Tzu
People only see what they are prepared to see .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A good traveler has no fixed plans ,
and is not intent on arriving .
- Lao Tzu
Clouds come floating into my life ,
no longer to carry rain or usher storm ,
but to add color to my sunset sky .
- Rabindranath Tagore
Play with life , laugh with life ,
dance lightly with life ,
and smile at the riddles of life ,
knowing that life 's only true lessons
are writ small in the margin .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
" Just living is not enough , " said the butterfly ,
" one must have sunshine , freedom and a little flower . "
- Hans Christian Andersen
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness .
- Chinese proverb often quoted by Eleanor Roosevelt
We do n't see things as they are ,
we see things as we are .
- Anais Nin
What 's done is done .
- William Shakespeare
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends ,
of most of the people you see every day ,
is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform .
- Theodore H. White
When It 's Darkest , Men See the Stars .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
He is richest who is content with the least ,
for content is the wealth of nature .
- Socrates
The truly rich are those who enjoy what they have .
- Yiddish Proverb
To know yet to think that one does not know is best ;
Not to know yet to think that one knows
will lead to difficulty .
- Lao Tzu
To the mind that is still ,
the whole universe surrenders .
- Lao Tzu
Where there 's a will , there 's a way .
- old English proverb
Talent is God -given ; be humble .
Fame is man -given ; be thankful .
Conceit is self - given ; be careful .
- John Wooden
God grant me the serenity
To accept the things I cannot change ;
the courage to change the things I can ;
and the wisdom to know the difference .
- Reinhold Niebuhr ( Serenity Prayer )
The River of Life has no meaning ,
no good , no bad , no better , no worse ,
no love , no hate , no fear , no anger , no joy .
The River of Life has no judgment , no expectation .
The River of Life just IS .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I am a Passionate Observer of Life .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Treat those who are good with goodness ,
and also treat those who are not good with goodness .
Thus goodness is attained .
Be honest to those who are honest ,
and be also honest to those who are not honest .
Thus honesty is attained .
- Lao Tzu
I am a Passionate Observer of Life .
I See the events , feel the emotions ,
and recognize the difference .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Choose Inner Peace .
Nothing is worth losing your inner peace .
Take action as circumstances require ,
but never surrender your inner peace .
Stop .
Breathe deeply .
Close your eyes and breathe deeply again .
Then , and only then , take action -
from a peaceful heart .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I do not need anyone 's permission to be my true self .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Pursue some path , however narrow and crooked ,
in which you can walk with love and reverence .
- Henry David Thoreau
Life 's real lessons are inscribed in a corner of the margin .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
It is n't what you have , or who you are , or where you are ,
or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy .
It is what you think about .
- Dale Carnegie
Life is NOT " Supposed to be Fair . "
Know that there is no single way that life is " supposed " to be .
Demanding that life meet our expectations
is a sure fire recipe for a miserable existence .
Life is a game with no rules .
Life just happens to us regardless of our best intentions .
Our only path to happiness lies in being open
to receiving whatever life throws at us -
with Gratitude .
Have NO Expectations of life .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Success is getting what you want ;
happiness is wanting what you get .
- Dale Carnegie
You never really understand a person
until you consider things from his point of view .
- Harper Lee
Not everything that casts a long shadow is to be feared .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
---------
Thank you for visiting : Words of Wisdom Quotes - Wisdom Sayings .
Please sign up on the form below to receive
my Free Daily Inspiration - Daily Quotes email .
You can also search my large collection of Quotes and Sayings .
May the world be kind to you ,
and may your own thoughts be gentle upon yourself .
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Sceptics plan ' mass overdose ' in protest against homeopathic medicine
Hundreds of people will swallow a bottle of pills in protest against the prolific sale of homeopathic medicine
Hundreds of homeopathy sceptics are planning a ' mass overdose ' of pills in protest at the continued marketing of the ' useless ' medicines by high street chemist Boots .
More than 300 people will each swallow an entire bottle of pills or drink large quantities of homeopathic fluids in order to prove their claim that the medicines are ineffective .
The protest will take place on high streets across the country at 10.23 on January 30 .
The group behind the stunt , known as 10.23 , has lobbied the NHS to reduce its £ 4 billion annual budget on homeopathic medicines and is now targeting Boots .
The popular chemist boasts large quantities of remedies including arnica , St John 's wort , flower remedies and calendula cream .
The system of complementary medicine claims to treat and prevent disease by using greatly diluted forms of herbs and minerals .
It has grown into a multi-million pound industry in the UK , with Prince Charles among its advocates .
But critics say there is little scientific backing for its claims to ease conditions including asthma , migraine , irritable bowel syndrome , arthritis and depression .
Group 10.23 has accused Boots of profiting from what is an ' unscientific and absurd pseudoscience . '
Martin Robbins , a spokesman for the society , said : ' The remedies themselves may not be directly harmful , but there is a real danger in misleading customers into thinking that homeopathy is somehow equivalent to real medicine .
' Patients may believe that they are treating themselves or their children adequately , and delay seeking appropriate treatment ; or they may receive dangerous advice after consulting with homeopaths rather than their GPs . '
Boots sells a wide range of homeopathic medicines including rhus tox , belladonna , sulphur and nux vom
He added : ' The ' overdose ' is a dramatic way of demonstrating to the public that these remedies have literally nothing in them .
If eating an entire box of homeopathic sleeping pills fails to send one person to sleep , then how on Earth can their sale be justified ?'
The debate over homeopathic medicine was reignited in October when Boots ' professional standards director Paul Bennett told a committee of MPs that there was no medical evidence that homeopathic pills and potions work .
' There is certainly a consumer demand for these products , ' he said .
' I have no evidence to suggest they are efficacious .
' It is about consumer choice for us and a large number of our customers believe they are efficacious . '
Mr Bennett made his comments to the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee , which is investigating the scientific evidence behind homeopathy .
This week Mr Bennett defended the chemist 's right to sell homeopathic remedies .
' Boots UK is committed to providing our customers with a wide range of healthcare products to suit their individual needs , we know that many people believe in the benefits of complementary medicines and we aim to offer the products we know our customers want , ' he said .
' Our pharmacists are trained healthcare professionals and are on hand to offer advice on the safe use of complementary medicines . '
The protests will take place in Edinburgh , Manchester , Bristol , Liverpool , Glasgow , Birmingham , Southampton and London , with sympathy demonstrations in Australia , Canada and the United States .
Today Mayor Mike McGinn announced that the city of Seattle will respond to Google ’s Request for Information ( RFI ) to build ultra-high speed broadband networks in communities across America .
Google ’s vision of a fiber - to - the - home network with open access is very similar to McGinn ’s plan to connect every home and business in Seattle with a fiber broadband network .
McGinn has already created an internal city government task force of utility and technology leaders to create a plan for realizing this plan .
That task force will also prepare a response to Google ’s RFI .
Seattle will actively seek to partner with Google in creation of a fiber network here .
The city itself has many assets to bring to the partnership , including an extensive existing fiber network of over 500 miles connecting every school , college and major government building in the City .
In Seattle , 88 % of residents have home computers , 84 % have Internet access and 74 % already have Internet access faster than dial - up .
Seattle is a high tech city , with many technology firms both large and small , and a culture of entrepreneurism and innovation .
Fiber - to - the - premise networks will serve as an engine for business and economic development .
Seattle would be an excellent place to construct such a network because we already have a high tech industry and population .
City government itself has many assets which could be used to partner with Google in this network , thereby reducing Google ’s costs and allowing the new network to reach more people .
The city owns or co-owns 100,000 poles on which to construct the network .
City - owned electric and water utilities could use the network for energy management , smart grid and other innovative uses .
Seattle has also extensively deployed technology in public safety – computers in every police and fire vehicle , video cameras in every patrol vehicle and laptops for every police officer .
This current deployment of technology could spur innovative public safety uses of a fiber network in the future .
Seattle has led a consortium of public agencies to build an extensive fiber network for use by those agencies – last year saw the completion of a project to connect every school ( elementary , middle school , high school ) to fiber , and most sites for the University of Washington , Seattle Community Colleges , City of Seattle , and other public agencies .
The fiber consortium is a partnership of the city of Seattle , Seattle School District , University of Washington , State of Washington , Seattle Community College District , Port of Seattle , cities of Shoreline and Edmonds , several federal agencies and Pierce , Snohomish and King counties .
This consortium is a tremendous asset of sites and public agencies , already connected , who could immediately “ plug in ” to a new fiber - to - the - premise network .
Posted by : Aaron Pickus , Spokesperson
Ok so yeah , I ’ve touched on the idea of immortality before ( here and here ) .
Hope you do n’t mind another silly take on it .
Getting ready to head off to beautiful Gainseville in a bit for the FPA Conference .
And yet here I am , taking the time to put together a quick comic for you .
Do you see how much I love you ?
Do you ?!?!
The original DNS protocols were designed to limit the size of UDP packets to fit in the IP minimum MTU of 576 bytes .
Later the protocols were extended to allow the client , typically a resolver , to signal its willingness to re-assemble fragmented UDP packets up to a certain size ; this extension is commonly called EDNS .
With the advent of DNSSEC , clients can signal to the server that they desire responses with DNSSEC information via the DO - bit .
Responses with DNSSEC information typically do not fit within a 576 byte IP packet .
Without a sufficient buffer signalled via EDNS , the server will have to omit additional data or even truncate the response itself .
This may cause slower response times for the client and increased fallback to TCP , which puts an additional load on the server .
In some cases middleware may prevent large responses from reaching the clients altoegether .
The aim of our measurements is to obtain insight in the real capabilities of currently deployed resolvers to receive large responses and its relation to the resolvers signalling EDNS capability and / or requesting the larger DNSSEC responses .
Methodology
As explained in " Preparing K- root for a Signed Root Zone " , we have deployed the OARC reply - size tester on machines co-located with the five global instances of K- root ( Amsterdam , London , Frankfurt , Tokyo , Miami ) with some extensions .
We have asked you to test against that with either a java tool or simple DNS queries .
We have also caused some visitors to the RIPE NCC website to automatically execute this test .
We can now report the first results , based on 685,547 measurements taken between 12 - 31 January 2010 .
These measurements came from resolvers at 43,060 distinct source addresses .
We decided to report these first results in terms of the number of measurements because we do not fully understand the relationship of source addresses to distinct resolvers .
Measured Transfer Sizes
The graph below shows the number of measurements for 100 - byte bins of transfer sizes we measured :
As expected there is a peak around 400 - 500 bytes representing mostly classical non-EDNS capable resolvers .
Please note that the transfer sizes are not measured exactly to the byte by our tool and that measurements are influenced by dropped packets too ; this explains the fact that there are no totally empty bins in this measurement .
The vast majority of the 400 - 500 byte measurements neither announce EDNS capability nor request DNSSEC responses ; these resolvers will not cause any problems to a DNSSEC enabled K-root .
There is a small number of these resolvers that do request DNSSEC responses ; these may try to fall back to TCP for longer responses .
[ UPDATE : we updated this graph from the original article , it incorrectly had a ' DO=1 , noEDNS ' label for ' DO=0 , EDNS ' ]
The really good news is that there is another even higher peak at the 3800 byte bin ; this represents mostly EDNS capable resolvers with a 4096 byte transfer size .
In this measurement , these resolvers are already in the majority .
In general these will not cause problems for a DNSSEC enabled K-root .
Interestingly , some of these resolvers which are capable to receive large responses do not announce an EDNS capability which will cause DNS servers to truncate responses ; we will see if it is possible to further characterise those resolvers in order to cause them to be configured correctly .
The third noticeable feature of the distribution is a significant number of observed transfer sizes between 1000 and 1400 bytes .
These values are close to frequently used layer 2 frame sizes .
This suggests that in some places the real transfer size is limited around these values either by configuration or possibly by middleware preventing UDP fragmentation .
The relative number of these measurements is much lower than the other two peaks .
Almost all of these measurements show EDNS capability .
If the EDNS buffer size is configured correctly these resolvers should not cause any problems for a DNSSEC enabled K-root .
Announced EDNS Buffer Sizes
The next graph shows how the measured transfer size relates to the buffer size announced via EDNS .
Measurements without EDNS capability are counted as announcing 512 bytes here .
The announced buffer sizes are clearly bimodal at 512 bytes and 4096 bytes , with a small peak at 2048 bytes and just a smidge at the 1000 - 1400 byte sizes .
Ideally the measured transfer size closely follows the announced buffer size , a diagonal line in the scatter plot .
Unfortunately this is not the case in practice as we measure it ; instead the scatter plot shows clearly that the configured buffer sizes do not match the real capabilities in a significant number of cases .
The measurements below the diagonal mean that the buffer size which the resolver announces via EDNS is smaller than what it can really transfer .
This is suboptimal because it causes the server to truncate responses where this would not otherwise be necessary .
This may lead to retries using TCP .
However , the DNS protocol will still function correctly and the resolver will receive its full answer quickly .
The measurements above the diagonal mean that the buffer size that the resolver announces via EDNS is larger than what can actually be transferred successfully to the resolver .
These cases are critical because as responses get longer , they will cause the server to send responses that never actually arrive at the resolver .
This will cause re-transmissions of queries and delays at best and time - outs at worst .
Eventually it will also cause re-tries using TCP .
Let us look at these in more detail .
The graph below shows the measured transfer sizes for all those queries that announced a 4 K buffer size via EDNS :
The vast majority here is OK .
Nit : Ideally the size should be configured just a little lower , to be on the safe side , but in practice this will make no difference unless the response size is very close to the limit .
All resolvers below the peak on the right will experience delays and failures when the responses get bigger than their real capability , unless they lower their announced buffer size to reflect what can actually be transferred to them .
How would the operators know to do this ?
Run the reply size tester or the DIY query as explained in " Preparing K- root for a Signed Root Zone " .
We are also looking into publishing a list of resolver addresses and / or notifying the resolver operators - stay tuned !
What causes the real transfer capability to be lower than the announced one ?
Well , misconfiguration of course !
My personal guess is that the bumps at 2000 and 2500 may be operating system related buffer limits .
The peaks below 1500 may be L2 frame size or other MTU related effects and in a large part due to middleware that prevents UDP fragmentation .
But that is just an informed guess and needs verification .
Just to be complete , here is the same graph for those resolvers than announce a buffer size of 2048 via EDNS :
No real surprises here .
The bump at 3800 is harmless but the 500 byte peak is much higher .
I hope that this may give a good clue for profiling these cases .
One should note that the measurements around 500 bytes for hosts that do request DNSSEC responses - pun intended - are bound to be the most critical cases .
The graph below shows the measured transfer sizes for those requests that had the DO bit set :
The good news is that the vast majority of measurements yield transfer sizes that will fit current DNSSEC answers from root name servers .
However , the measurements coloured red indicate transfer sizes that will be too small for at least some of the current responses .
Once K-root is DNSSEC enabled , resolvers with these results will often either receive incomplete responses and possibly re-try via TCP or , if they announce too large a buffer via EDNS , they will receive no response at all .
If the resolver is located behind a firewall that blocks TCP and limits DNS UDP packets , they may cease to function correctly .
Measurements coloured orange represent resolvers that may run into problems in key rollover scenarios or later on when key lengths increase .
Further work
We will investigate how we can give concrete warnings and notices to resolver operators whose resolvers continue to show up as critical in the measurements .
We will look into characterising some peaks in the scatter plot with the aim of identifying the concrete software , configuration and firewall setups that cause them .
We will shortly publish another article with examples , in order to get your help in characterising common cases .
If we are successful we will issue configuration advice based on the results .
We will look into the distribution of the measurements across K - root instances to see if there are interesting differences .
We have observed some source addresses with varying EDNS buffer size announcements within a short time interval and even some source addresses with bi-modal or tri-modal transfer size measurements within a short time interval .
We will try to characterise these and find out what causes these unexpected results .
Once we understand this better we will try to analyse the data in terms of distinct resolvers rather than measurements .
Conclusions
The vast majority of measurements are from resolvers that are ready and will continue to function when K - root starts providing DNSSEC answers to resolvers that request it .
There are some resolvers that could experience time - outs and delays due to misconfigurations and middleware .
Measurements : Wolfgang Nagele based on DNS OARC tool by Duane Wessels
Analysis : René Wilhelm , Daniel Karrenberg
Text : Daniel Karrenberg
By analyzing sediments up to 4,000 years old , Susan Zimmerman is hoping to provide a tool to help predict future climate change .
Ancient records of what was happening with climate conditions can be used with regional climate models to tell a story of what happened in the past and to correlate it to the present and the future .
Current models typically use data only for the last 100 years or less and may miss wet and dry periods from past millennia .
Specifically , Zimmerman , who works as an environmental scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 's Center for Accelerator Mass Spectrometry ( CAMS ) , along with colleagues Tom Guilderson and Tom Brown , are mapping patterns of past droughts in California by looking at lake sediments from the late Holocene period ( 0 - 4,000 years ago ) .
Through a Laboratory Directed Research and Development ( LDRD ) Program - funded project , the team will develop high - resolution , well - dated lake - sediment records of paleoclimate change in California , focusing on water variability .
Predicting the timing , amount and patterns of precipitation using computer climate models that predict future patterns of change is especially critical in California , with its heavily engineered water distribution system .
Zimmerman is working with researchers across California to analyze lake sediments and develop records that span the last two millennia .
These records will be used to map previous drought patterns in California and help climate modelers more accurately simulate the range of natural climate changes .
With this information , state agencies can better determine the infrastructure needed to meet future demands for water .
Zimmerman 's interest in lake sediments and their relationship to climate started when she was earning her Ph.D. at Columbia University , where she worked with geochemist Sidney Hemming at the Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory .
Outside of the LDRD project , she continues collaborating with Hemming to radiocarbon date sediments from Mono Lake , which borders the Eastern Sierras .
In sediments there from the last Ice Age ( about 14,000 - 67,000 years ago ) , she found ostracodes , millimeter - scale crustaceans , that she plans to radiocarbon date at CAMS .
Since shells from Mono Lake sediments can be difficult to radiocarbon date , Elena Steponaitis , an undergraduate student of Hemming 's , will visit CAMS this month to perform an experimental leaching technique to try to measure the age of the shells more accurately .
" We want to determine what age they are and what they can tell us about the climate back then and what the lake was like , " Zimmerman said .
" We 're very interested in the timing of the last big lake rise and subsequent drop at Mono Lake , and how those extremes fit into the warm / cold changes in Greenland and strong / weak monsoons in Asia at the end of the last Ice Age . "
The LDRD project will go a step further , to radiocarbon date sediments from other lake in California where collaborators are developing paleoclimate records .
Using the precise , high - resolution radiocarbon chronologies , the team will correlate the records to develop maps of precipitation variability in California over the last 2,000 years .
In turn , this information will help improve the reliability of climate models to predict future climate change .
" We 'll be taking time slices of California climate for the last 2,000 years and reconstructing spatial patterns such as El Niño and La Niña to try to out why there are certain periods of drought , such as the medieval anomaly ( warming period ) , " Zimmerman said .
Lakes are natural climate observation stations , and paleoclimate records from lake sediments have the potential to provide similar resolution to tree rings while spanning much longer periods of time .
Sediments from the last several thousand years are often straight - forward to date with radiocarbon , and CAMS is an ideal facility for the required high - density and high - precision dating .
The length of the records used for model control runs and diagnostics must be extended to capture the potential range of climate variability , including the mega - droughts of the medieval period ( AD 900 - 1300 ) .
The width of tree rings in water - stressed areas is an annual - resolution record of changes in past precipitation , but the majority of the records available begin after AD 1400 , and thus capture only the last 600 years .
Zimmerman 's team is coordinating with the Lab's Program for Climate Model Diagnosis and Intercomparison ( PCMDI ) scientists working to modify the Weather Research and Forecast ( WRF ) model for regional climate prediction to provide concrete diagnostic tools for assessing the ability of the models to represent the climate system in the past , present and future .
Instead , Visa provides an electronic network that acts like a tollbooth , processing the transaction between merchants and banks and collecting a fee that averages 5 or 6 cents every time .
For the financial year ended in June , Visa handled 40 billion transactions .
Banks that issue Visa cards also pay a separate licensing fee , based on payment volume .
MasterCard , which is roughly half the size of Visa , uses a similar model .
Image Mitch Goldstone , in his digital photo - processing shop in Irvine , Calif. , is part of a suit against Visa and MasterCard .
Credit ... Monica Almeida / The New York Times
“ It ’s a penny here or there , ” said Moshe Katri , an analyst who tracks the payments industry for Cowen and Company .
“ But when you have a billion transactions or more , it adds up . ”
With debit transactions forecast to overtake cash purchases by 2012 , the model has investors swooning : Visa ’s stock traded at $ 88.14 on Monday , near a 52 - week high , while shares of MasterCard , at $ 256.84 each , have soared by more than 450 percent since the company went public in 2006 .
While there is little controversy about the fees that Visa collects , some merchants are infuriated by a separate , larger fee , called interchange , that Visa makes them pay each time a debit or credit card is swiped .
The fees , roughly 1 to 3 percent of each purchase , are forwarded to the cardholder ’s bank to cover costs and promote the issuance of more Visa cards .
The banks have used interchange fees as a growing profit center and to pay for cardholder perks like rewards programs .
Interchange revenue has increased to $ 45 billion today , from $ 20 billion in 2002 , driven in part by the surge in debit card use .
Some merchants say there should be no interchange fees on debit purchases , because the money comes directly out of a checking account and does not include the risks and losses associated with credit cards .
Regardless , merchants say they inevitably pass on that cost to consumers ; the National Retail Federation says the interchange fees cost households an average of $ 427 in 2008 .
While the cost per transaction may seem small , at Best Buy , the biggest stand - alone electronics chain , “ these skyrocketing fees add up to hundreds of millions of dollars every year , ” said Dee O’Malley , director of financial services .
“ Every additional dollar we are forced to pay credit card companies is another dollar we can’t use to hire employees , or pass along to our customers in the form of savings . ”
Did the Cleveland Cavaliers tank the 2002 - 03 season to ensure a better shot at drafting LeBron James ?
Former Cavs coach John Lucas , who was fired during that season , said he believes that 's the case , according to a published report .
" They trade all our guys away and we go real young , and the goal was to get LeBron and also to sell the team , '' Lucas told AOL FanHouse .
" I did n't have a chance .
...
You can't fault the Cavaliers for wanting to get LeBron .
It was hard to get free agents to come there . ''
The Cavaliers finished the 2002 - 03 season with a 17 - 65 record , tied with the Denver Nuggets for the worst record in the NBA .
Cleveland won the NBA 's draft lottery and selected James with the No. 1 pick .
Lucas was fired midway through that season .
Gordon Gund , who was then the team 's principal owner but is now a minority owner of the Cavs , denied Lucas ' claims .
He also told the Web site that the Cavaliers were n't for sale during that season .
The team did n't get sold until 2005 .
" You do n't try to get the No. 1 pick , '' Gund told AOL Fanhouse .
" That 's why the lottery was designed .
To not allow that .
We had a young team that we were developing .
...
We did not tank the season .
...
To lose to get LeBron James , we would never do that .
I would n't do that .
I could n't do that .
" In the very last game of the season , we had nothing to gain and we were in sole possession of last place [ in the NBA ] .
But we beat [ the Toronto Raptors ] and that left us tied with Denver [ at 17 - 65 ] .
...
The chances of getting the first pick were only [ 22.5 percent ] . ''
Lucas , now an assistant coach with the Los Angeles Clippers , will face his former team for the first time since being fired in 2003 when the Cavaliers host the Clippers on Saturday .
Lucas said he was ordered to play young players .
Guard Ricky Davis , who was a member of that Cavs team and is now a member of the Clippers , said that Lucas was in a no -win situation .
" It was tough on [ Lucas ] , '' Davis told AOL Fanhouse .
" They were forcing him to lose and I know it 's nothing he wanted to do .
It 's just the position he was forced in .
But it 's tough .
...
It worked , whatever they did [ to get James ] so it 's hard to knock them .
They got what they wanted .
But it was hard on Luke . ''
Lucas also questioned the trades made by the Cavaliers during that season .
" Andre [ Miller ] was really coming into his own and we trade him [ to the Clippers ] for Darius Miles , who had a bad knee , and Harold Jamison , who [ was waived ] , '' Lucas told AOL Fanhouse .
" We traded Lamond Murray , who averaged [ a team - best 16.6 ] points , [ to the Raptors ] for Yogi Stewart , who was on the [ injured ] list .
We traded Wesley Person for the 49th pick , which was Matt Barnes ... So I could n't win . ''
Gund defended the trades , which were made by then - general manager Jim Paxson .
" I agreed with the trades , '' Gund told AOL Fanhouse .
" Andre was one that we really wanted but he wanted a max salary [ when he would become a restricted free agent in 2002 ] and we did n't think he deserved a max at that time because he had n't shown being an All - Star .
" We all liked Andre .
But Lamond Murray was not a key player .
He and Wesley did n't have anywhere near the seasons they had [ in 2001 - 02 ] after that . ''
Lucas was fired after the Cavaliers started 8 - 34 .
Gund pointed out to AOL Fanhouse that if the team was truly trying to lose games , then why would it fire Lucas ?
" I just did n't think the chemistry was good .
The players were n't responding to John , '' Gund told the Web site .
" This is not a criticism of John .
I like John . ''
Code :
Modern Warfare 2 Unleashed - The Dev Console Unlocker for PC v1.1 by AgentGOD
----------------------------
Home Page : http://www.ultimate-filez.com
Donation : http://www.ultimate-filez.com/?page=donate
Screenshots of Proof - of - Concept : ---------------------------------
http://img195.imageshack.us/img195/8141/mw2console.jpg
http://img197.imageshack.us/img197/9381/mw2console2.jpg
http://img5.imageshack.us/img5/5673/mw2console4.jpg
Tested on : -----------
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Multiplayer v1.0 Microsoft( R ) Windows Vista Ultimate x64 SP2 Description : ------------
Tired of Infinity Ward locking down the PC version of MW2 ?
No problem !
This program will allow you to bring back the globally loved developer console in the game !
Plus , it will unlock important cvars like cg_fov to change the field - of - view at the same time !
I hope with the release of this program , Infinity Ward will un-neuter Modern Warfare 2 officially .
NOTE : By using this program , you agree that any consequences of usage shall not be imposed on the programmer ( AgentGOD ) .
Use at your own will and risk !
I , the programmer , will NOT be held responsible in the event that you are banned by VAC .
With that in mind , the program should NOT trigger a VAC - ban , but I can not make any guarantees .
Usage : ------ Run LoaderX.exe .
Click Auto - Inject .
Launch Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Single / Multiplayer .
Enjoy the tilde ( ~ ) key in its full glory .
------
Copyright notices : Call of Duty ( tm ) and Modern Warfare ( tm ) are trademarks of Infinity Ward , and I am not in any way affiliated with Infinity Ward .
Copyright © 2009 Ultimate Filez
Reports of racial and religiously motivated crime rose following the election of British National party councillors in several far - right strongholds , police statistics have revealed .
Complaints of hate crime increased in wards in the West Midlands , London and Essex after the election of a BNP member , in spite of declines in reported hate crime in the wider police areas .
In other wards race crime reportedly rose in the runup to BNP election victories , according to the figures , obtained by the Guardian under the Freedom of Information Act .
The findings came as the party stepped up its campaign to win its first seats in the House of Commons with a " weekend of action " in Barking and Dagenham , where the culture and tourism minister , Margaret Hodge , faces a challenge for her Labour seat from BNP leader , Nick Griffin .
Hodge said the new figures cast doubt on police assurances that there is no link between racially motivated crime and a BNP presence .
Yesterday , BNP member Terence Gavan was jailed for 11 years after police found nail bombs and 12 firearms at his home in the borough of Kirklees , West Yorkshire , where the BNP has councillors .
The Old Bailey heard that Gavan harboured " a strong hostility " towards immigrants .
One of the biggest increases in hate crime came in Barking 's Eastbury ward , where racially motivated violence , theft and criminal damage more than doubled in the year after Jeffrey Steed won a council seat for the BNP in May 2006 .
A year later , hate crime rose again and 45 racial incidents were reported in 12 months .
In several other BNP wards , race crime fell in line with declines in the wider areas , but anti-fascist campaigners believe rises may be linked to BNP election wins .
" Voters have been emboldened in their racist views by seeing the BNP in power and that could have led to the increases in racist attacks in some areas , " said Sam Tarry , campaign organiser for the Hope Not Hate campaign , set up by the anti-fascist group Searchlight .
" The figures suggest that if the BNP wins more seats , people from ethnic minority and gay communities could face greater persecution because racist and bigoted views will have been further legitimised . "
The BNP denies that increases in hate crime are related to its activities and blames the rises on increased immigration .
Bob Bailey , the party 's London organiser said : " This is due to an increase in the ethnic [ sic ] population .
There are more people who are prepared to go to the police complaining they are victims . "
The Guardian has analysed data from 11 police forces covering 29 wards across England where voters have elected BNP councillors in the past six years .
In eight wards reports of hate crime rose following BNP election wins despite a wider decline across the police force area .
It declined in 14 wards , in line with force - wide reductions , and there was no change in four and an insignificant amount of data in three .
In Essex , complaints of race crime rose after the election of BNP councillors in parts of Epping Forest , while in Chelmsley Wood , a suburb of Birmingham , the ­average annual incidence of race crime almost doubled after George Morgan won a seat for the BNP in May 2006 .
In the four years before his election , there were an average 11 incidents a year rising to an average of 21 a year in the following four years .
West Midlands police said some cases involved assault , while most were incidents of verbal abuse in shopping centres , taxis and in the police station with white and Asian victims .
Detective Chief Inspector Sharon Goosen said : " None of the offences reported in the area since 2006 can be directly attributed to an elected member or political organisation . "
The BNP is understood to be planning to field more than 1,000 candidates in local elections and 300 candidates in the general election .
Griffin and the BNP deputy chairman , Simon Darby , who is standing for Stoke Central , are considered to have the best chance of winning seats at Westminster .
Additional reporting : Holly Bentley
To The #blondegirl
in my calculus class who kicked the coffee all over me and acted like nothing happened , i take that as an open invitation to stick my penis in you .
Oh yea , sorry for sneezing on you .
My bad .
Post Thumb : / jul12/pa4osss.jpg
Paramount is making the chance to see Paranormal Activity 4 first in your city even easier .
As if the Facebook app and web vote on the official sites were n’t easy enough , now you can just shoot the powers - that - be a quick text !
But wait !
It gets even better !
Those who text “ WantIt ” to 21534 will receive an exclusive cut of the trailer , including additional footage , and will be the first to get other newly released content from the film .
Pretty neat , huh ?
And if you missed the initial details of the Want It campaign …
From the Press Release
Fans of “ PARANORMAL ACTIVITY ” are being empowered to bring the movie to their city first .
Paramount Pictures , a division of Viacom , Inc. , will debut the fourth installment in the popular horror franchise exclusively in 25 cities around the world by encouraging fans to vote to see it first with a new “ Want It ” application on Facebook .
Facebook ’s 955 million global fans can vote for an advance screening in their city by clicking on the “ Want It ” button on the film ’s fan page .
“ Want It ” is a dynamic application utilizing Facebook ’s open graph technology that gives fans the opportunity to vote to bring the franchise to their city and leverage their social networks to ensure they are one of the top 25 winning locations .
The application recognizes a fan ’s geo-location according to their Facebook profile and automatically registers a vote to bring the film to their city first .
Votes will be shared on a fan ’s page and automatically posted to the Facebook newsfeed to rally their peers to bring the film to their city first , too .
The application feeds individual votes into a dynamic leader board that shows the ranking of every city in real time .
Audiences can track the top cities as well as the ranking of their own city and push out reminders encouraging friends to vote .
“ Want It ” brings an unprecedented level of interactivity for fans in determining screenings of the movie .
“ There ’s a very special connection between ‘ PARANORMAL ACTIVITY ’ and Facebook , ” said Matt Jacobson , head of market development at Facebook .
“ Four years after the initial success of the franchise and the establishment of a passionate fan community , we ’re excited to see continued iteration on a franchise that was born on Facebook .
Paramount is using both the Facebook platform and media to drive awareness of the film , three months out , and we will continue to drive awareness and intent at scale as we approach opening weekend in October . ”
“ The success of ‘ PARANORMAL ACTIVITY ’ began with the fans who have championed the movie franchise from the very beginning through social media , ” said Amy Powell , Executive Vice President of Interactive Marketing .
“ Now we ’re creating an even more dynamic experience among the film ’s community of fans , and for the first time we ’re giving them an opportunity to go head - to - head on Facebook with fans around the world to determine the 25 cities who get to see ‘ PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 4 ’ before it opens . ”
Fans can also vote at the film ’s website , ParanormalMovie.com .
Paranormal Activity 4 will open nationwide on October 19th , and per usual , most details for the film are being kept under wraps .
Paranormal Activity 3 directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman have returned to helm for Paramount Pictures based on a script by Zack Estrin ( a writer / executive producer on ABC ’s “ The River ” ) .
Follow Paranormal Activity on Twitter ( @TweetYourScream ) for more upcoming announcements , and as always keep an eye on the official Paranormal Activity Facebook page !
More on vitamin D :
•
•
( foodconsumer.org )
•
( ABC News )
•
( mayoclinic.com )
•
Northeast Ohio can be one of gloomiest places on the planet during winter , but the lack of sun is not just depressing , it 's unhealthy .
Sun on exposed skin naturally produces vitamin D , and our long , dark winters leave many people deficient , a condition that research has connected with heart disease , kidney disease , some cancers and autoimmune diseases .
Most researchers and physicians agree that we need more vitamin D .
And because food is generally a poor source , most people turn to pills .
But how much do we really need ?
And how do we know ?
The answer depends on who you ask .
The debate
Current recommendations for daily vitamin D intake were set in 1997 by the Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) , one of the National Academies .
They have changed little since doctors figured out about 50 years ago that giving small children cod liver oil ( which contains vitamin D ) reversed a common bone malformation called rickets , said Bruce Hollis , a nutritional biochemist at the Medical University of South Carolina .
The amount of vitamin D it took to reverse rickets -- 400 international units ( IU ) -- became the recommended daily intake for children .
Current recommendations from the IOM , which range from 200 IU per day for infants to 600 IU per day for older adults , are based on this original data and the belief that vitamin D is only important to bone health , Hollis said .
But 30 years of research is starting to paint a very different picture of vitamin D :
It seems the sunshine vitamin may influence just about every part of the body .
Hundreds of studies have shown a correlation between low vitamin D levels and poor health , and others are starting to show a direct relationship between correcting the deficiency and positive health outcomes .
Most researchers feel the current recommendations are much too low and are calling for change .
The IOM is paying attention .
In 2009 , the committee started a review of its vitamin D intake recommendations .
The report is due to be released this summer , said spokeswoman Christine Stencel .
" Everybody knows that 400 units does n't do anybody any good , " said Reinhold Vieth , a biochemist whose research at the University of Toronto focuses on the role vitamin D plays in osteoporosis and cancers of the breast and prostate .
" You can't tell the difference between when people are taking 400 units or nothing , it 's such a tiny dose , " he said .
The research
Many other epidemiological studies -- studies that follow groups of people over time to try to connect a health behavior to a particular cause -- have connected low vitamin D levels with pre-eclampsia ( high blood pressure in pregnancy ) ; colon , breast and prostate cancer ; arthritis ; and multiple sclerosis .
Sunshine vitamin basics
What is vitamin D ?
It 's a fat - soluble vitamin that the body naturally produces when the skin is exposed to ultraviolet light from the sun .
The body can store vitamin D in fat and use it when needed .
Where do we get vitamin D ?
Most people meet their needs for the vitamin through exposure to sun .
Your body can make about 10,000 international units ( IU ) of vitamin D after just 10 to 15 minutes of exposure to summer sun .
It is naturally present in small amounts in very few foods , such as fish , beef liver and egg yolks , and is added to others , such as milk , cheese and bread .
Dietary supplements are the easiest way to get vitamin D in the absence of sun exposure .
Which should I take , D3 or D2 ?
Vitamin D comes in two forms : cholecalciferol ( D3 ) and ergocalciferol ( D2 ) .
While there is some debate about whether the two forms are equally potent , most physicians recommend using D3 , the form the body makes naturally .
If you choose to buy a supplement , check the label for cholecalciferol or D3 .
Who is most likely to be deficient ?
Breast - fed infants , pregnant and lactating women , people over the age of 50 , people with dark skin and those who have limited sun exposure are at high risk for deficiency .
How do you test ?
A blood test for vitamin D -- the serum 25 ( OH ) D test -- is drawn just like any other blood test at a routine doctor 's office visit .
Most insurance will cover the test .
The test costs between $ 250 to $ 400 without insurance .
Can you get too much ?
Excess vitamin D produced by sun exposure is naturally destroyed by the body , but supplements can build up in your body 's fat stores .
Recent research has shown that children and adults can take 5,000 IU daily with no ill effects , which is much higher than the current recommendations from the Institute of Medicine .
Poisonings have been reported , but at prolonged exposures exceeding 40,000 IU a day .
In 2009 , researchers at Intermountain Medical Center in Murray , Utah , found that vitamin D deficiency was strongly associated with subsequent cardiovascular disease and death in 27,686 people over the age of 50 followed over a two - year period .
Those results echo an earlier study by Harvard researchers who found that people deficient in vitamin D in a group of about 1,700 Boston residents faced up to twice the risk of stroke or heart attack .
Supporting that research are randomized controlled trials -- considered the gold standard of clinical research trials -- in which people are assigned at random to either a control ( often called " placebo " ) arm or an intervention in order to compare the two .
Harvard Medical School and Brigham & Women 's Hospital in Boston are now enrolling 20,000 patients in the largest randomized controlled trial of vitamin D intake to date , called the Vitamin D and Omega - 3 Trial .
The study , funded by the National Institutes of Health , will measure health outcomes in patients across the country who take a combination of the two supplements ( 2,000 IU vitamin D and 1 gram fish oil daily ) or a placebo over a five - year period .
Hollis and Dr. Carol Wagner , a neonatologist at Medical University of South Carolina , recently finished a six - year , randomized controlled trial examining the effects of different supplementation levels on pregnancy outcomes in 400 women .
While the data has n't been published yet , Hollis said that higher doses of vitamin D reduced rates of infection , preterm birth and preterm labor among the women who were given either 400 IU ( the control group ) , 2,000 IU or 4,000 IU per day over a 12 - week period .
And , he said , there was n't a " single adverse outcome " in the group .
Researchers from the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Western Human Research Center at the University of California , Davis , recently released a study that tried to quantify , for the first time , how much supplemental vitamin D different groups of people need based on how much sun exposure they get during the year .
Their results , published in January in the Journal of Nutrition , showed that people who spend less time in the sun and have darker skin need significantly more vitamin D each day to make up the difference .
Based on maintaining a relatively high blood level of the vitamin -- 75 nanograms per milliliter ( See " What 's normal ? " ) -- the researchers found that people of European ancestry with high sun exposure need about 1,300 IU daily in the winter and people of African ancestry with low sun exposure may need up to 3,100 IU daily year - round .
Testing
We live in a northern climate with long , dark winters .
So does that mean everyone in Northeast Ohio needs to be tested for vitamin D deficiency ?
Yes , says Gina Bayless , chapter president of the American Dietetic Association and dietitian at University Hospitals Case Medical Center .
" Definitely ask your doctor to check your vitamin D level , " she said .
" I personally think that everyone should just have it included in their health screening . "
Vitamin D levels are checked with a blood test that is usually covered by insurance .
Without insurance , the test costs about $ 350 .
The Cleveland Clinic , which does its own lab testing , saw a 46 percent increase in vitamin D tests in 2009 over 2008 .
Hollis , the nutritional biochemist , thinks everyone can start supplementing without the test .
" I would assume that everyone is deficient without even doing a blood test , " he said .
He recommends taking 2,000 to 3,000 IU of vitamin D daily ( if you 're not already taking a multivitamin ) and then getting a blood test a few months later and discussing the results with your doctor to see if you need to adjust your supplement dosage .
" That 's probably the most cost - efficient way to go about it , " he said , because vitamin D supplements are inexpensive .
While most experts agree that everyone needs to be aware of their vitamin D level , there are some groups who are at particularly high risk for deficiency , Bayless said .
Those groups include adults over the age of 50 ( because the body loses its ability to make and absorb the vitamin over time ) ; people with limited sun exposure ; people with dark skin ( because the pigment melanin blocks the UV rays that produce the vitamin ) ; obese people ; pregnant and lactating women ; breastfed infants ( because their mothers are often deficient ) ; people who have undergone gastric bypass surgery ; and those who have certain disorders that make it difficult to absorb fat .
Dr. Tanya Edwards , director of the Center for Integrative Medicine at the Cleveland Clinic , started testing all her patients for deficiency three years ago .
After finding that almost all her patients tested " horribly low , often times undetectable , " she began supplementing them with 2,000 IU pills to get them back up to a healthy blood level .
She found it was taking a long time to get their blood levels back into the normal range , so she started getting more aggressive .
She has found that she can give some patients what seem like huge doses -- up to 50,000 IU a day -- for short periods to quickly get them back to normal .
In the absence of specific guidelines , physicians like Edwards are treating their patients the best way they know how and using current research to guide them .
Bottom line
Researchers Hollis and Vieth are fairly certain the Institute of Medicine will increase its recommendations for vitamin D intake when it releases its findings this summer .
But Hollis does n't think the changes will mean all that much for individuals because how much people need will depend on their race , their weight and how much sun exposure they get .
Edwards agrees .
" In my opinion , there is no RDA [ recommended daily allowance ] , " she said .
Test and supplement , she said .
The small cost is worth it : " When you think of all the diseases that we can potentially affect by having all patients ' vitamin D levels in the healthy range , this is huge in terms of our aging population . "
This is the fifth part of a nine - part article on Perl one - liners .
In this part I will create various one - liners for text conversion and substitution .
See part one for introduction of the series .
Perl one - liners is my attempt to create " perl1line.txt " that is similar to " awk1line.txt " and " sed1line.txt " that have been so popular among Awk and Sed programmers .
The article on Perl one - liners will consist of nine parts :
After I 'm done with explaining the one - liners , I 'll release an ebook .
Subscribe to my blog to know when that happens !
Awesome news : I have written an e-book based on this article series .
Check it out :
Alright then , here are today 's one - liners :
Text conversion and substitution
62 . ROT13 a string .
'y / A - Za-z/N- ZA-Mn-za-m / '
This one - liner uses the y operator ( also known as tr operator ) to do ROT13 .
Operators y and tr do string transliteration .
Given y/ SEARCH / REPLACE / , the operator transliterates all occurrences of the characters found in SEARCH list with the corresponding ( position - wise ) characters in REPLACE list .
In this one - liner A - Za-z creates the following list of characters :
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
And N - ZA - Mn-za-m creates this list :
NOPQRSTUVWXYZABCDEFGHIJKLMnopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklm
If you look closely you 'll notice that the second list is actually the first list offset by 13 characters .
Now the y operator translates each character in the first list to a character in the second list , thus performing the ROT13 operation .
If you want to ROT13 the whole file then do this :
perl - lpe 'y / A - Za-z / N - ZA - Mn-za-m /' file
The -p argument puts each of file 's line in the $ variable , the y does ROT13 , and - p prints the $ out .
The -l appends a newline to the output .
Note : remember that applying ROT13 twice produces the same string , i.e. , ROT13 ( ROT13 ( string ) ) == string .
63 . Base64 encode a string .
perl - MMIME ::Base64 -e ' print encode_base64 (" string " ) '
This one - liner uses the MIME :: Base64 module that is in the core ( no need to install it , it comes with Perl ) .
This module exports the encode_base64 function that takes a string and returns base64 encoded version of it .
To base64 encode the whole file do the following :
perl - MMIME ::Base64 - 0777 - ne ' print encode_base64 ($_ ) ' file
Here the - 0777 argument together with -n causes Perl to slurp the whole file into the $ _ variable .
Then the file gets base64 encoded and printed out , just like the string example above .
If we did n't slurp the file and encoded it line - by - line we'd get a mess .
64 . Base64 decode a string .
perl - MMIME ::Base64 - le ' print decode_base64 ( " base64string " ) '
The MIME : : Base64 module also exports decode_base64 function that takes a base64 - encoded string and decodes it .
The whole file can be similarly decoded by :
perl - MMIME ::Base64 - ne ' print decode_base64 ($_ ) ' file
There is no need to slurp the whole file into $ _ because each line of a base64 encoded file is exactly 76 characters and decodes nicely .
65 . URL - escape a string .
perl - MURI :: Escape -le ' print uri_escape ( $string ) '
You 'll need to install the URI :: Escape module as it does n't come with Perl .
The module exports two functions - uri_escape and uri_unescape .
The first one does URL - escaping ( sometimes also referred to as URL encoding ) , and the other does URL - unescaping ( URL decoding ) .
66 . URL - unescape a string .
perl - MURI :: Escape - le ' print uri_unescape ( $string ) '
This one - liner uses the uri_unescape function from URI :: Escape module to do URL - unescaping .
67 . HTML - encode a string .
perl - MHTML ::Entities - le ' print encode_entities ( $ string ) '
This one - liner uses the encode_entities function from HTML :: Entities module .
This function encodes HTML entities .
For example , < and > get turned into < and > .
68 . HTML - decode a string .
perl - MHTML ::Entities -le ' print decode_entities ( $ string ) '
This one - liner uses the decode_entities function from HTML :: Entities module .
69 . Convert all text to uppercase .
perl - nle ' print uc '
This one - liner uses the uc function , which by default operates on the $ _ variable and returns an uppercase version of it .
Another way to do the same is to use -p command line option that enables automatic printing of $ _ variable and modify it in - place :
perl - ple ' $ _=uc '
The same can also be also achieved by applying the \ U escape sequence to string interpolation :
perl - nle ' print " \U$_ " '
It causes anything after it ( or until the first occurrence of \ E ) to be upper -cased .
70 . Convert all text to lowercase .
perl - nle ' print lc '
This one - liner is very similar to the previous .
Here the lc function is used that converts the contents of $ _ to lowercase .
Or , using escape sequence \L and string interpolation :
perl - nle ' print " \L$ _ " '
Here \L causes everything after it ( until the first occurrence of \ E ) to be lower - cased .
71 . Uppercase only the first word of each line .
perl - nle ' print ucfirst lc '
The one - liner first applies the lc function to the input that makes it lower case and then uses the ucfirst function that upper - cases only the first character .
It can also be done via escape codes and string interpolation :
perl - nle ' print " \u\L$ _ " '
First the \L lower - cases the whole line , then \u upper - cases the first character .
72 . Invert the letter case .
perl - ple 'y / A - Za-z/a-zA -Z/'
This one - liner does transliterates capital letters A - Z to lowercase letters a-z , and lowercase letters to uppercase letters , thus switching the case .
73 . Camel case each line .
perl - ple 's /( \w+ )/\u$ 1/g '
This is a lousy Camel Casing one - liner .
It takes each word and upper - cases the first letter of it .
It fails on possessive forms like " friend 's car " .
It turns them into " Friend 'S Car " .
An improvement is :
s /(?<!['] ) ( \w+)/\u\1/g
Which checks if the character before the word is not single quote ' .
But I am sure it still fails on some more exotic examples .
74 . Strip leading whitespace ( spaces , tabs ) from the beginning of each line .
perl - ple 's / ^[ \t ] +//'
This one - liner deletes all whitespace from the beginning of each line .
It uses the substitution operator s .
Given s/REGEX / REPLACE / it replaces the matched REGEX by the REPLACE string .
In this case the REGEX is ^ [ \t ] + , which means " match one or more space or tab at the beginning of the string " and REPLACE is nothing , meaning , replace the matched part with empty string .
The regex class [ \t ] can actually be replaced by \s + that matches any whitespace ( including tabs and spaces ) :
perl - ple 's /^\s+//'
75 . Strip trailing whitespace ( space , tabs ) from the end of each line .
perl - ple 's / [ \t ] +$//'
This one - liner deletes all whitespace from the end of each line .
Here the REGEX of the s operator says " match one or more space or tab at the end of the string . "
The REPLACE part is empty again , which means to erase the matched whitespace .
76 . Strip whitespace from the beginning and end of each line .
perl - ple 's /^[ \t ] + |[ \t ] +$//g'
This one - liner combines the previous two .
Notice that it specifies the global /g flag to the s operator .
It 's necessary because we want it to delete whitespace at the beginning AND end of the string .
If we did n't specify it , it would only delete whitespace at the beginning ( assuming it exists ) and not at the end .
77 . Convert UNIX newlines to DOS / Windows newlines .
perl - pe 's |
|\r
| '
This one - liner substitutes the Unix newline
LF with Windows newline \r
CRLF on each line .
Remember that the s operator can use anything for delimiters .
In this one - liner it uses vertical pipes to delimit REGEX from REPLACE to improve readibility .
78 . Convert DOS / Windows newlines to UNIX newlines .
perl - pe 's|\r
|
| '
This one - liner does the opposite of the previous one .
It takes Windows newlines CRLF and converts them to Unix newlines LF .
79 . Convert UNIX newlines to Mac newlines .
perl - pe 's |
|\r | '
Apple Macintoshes used to use \r CR as newlines .
This one - liner converts UNIX's
to Mac 's \r .
80 . Substitute ( find and replace ) " foo " with " bar " on each line .
perl - pe 's /foo/bar /'
This one - liner uses the s/REGEX / REPLACE / command to substitute " foo " with " bar " on each line .
To replace all " foos " with " bars " , add the global /g flag :
perl - pe 's /foo/bar/g'
81 . Substitute ( find and replace ) " foo " with " bar " on lines that match " baz " .
perl - pe '/ baz / && s/foo/bar /'
This one - liner is equivalent to :
while ( defined ( $ line = <> ) ) { if ( $ line =~ / baz / ) { $ line =~ s/foo/ bar / } }
It puts each line in variable $ line , then checks if line matches " baz " , and if it does , it replaces " foo " with " bar " in it .
Perl one - liners explained e-book
I 've now written the " Perl One - Liners Explained " e-book based on this article series .
I went through all the one - liners , improved explanations , fixed mistakes and typos , added a bunch of new one - liners , added an introduction to Perl one - liners and a new chapter on Perl 's special variables .
Please take a look :
Have Fun !
Have fun with these one - liners for now .
The next part is going to be about selective printing and deleting of certain lines .
Can you think of other text conversion and substitution procedures that I did not include here ?
目次
このページでは、 結城が仕事をする上で心がけていること、 心がけようとしていることをご紹介しています。
仕事について書くのに、 「 休息」から書きはじめるのは変でしょうか。
けれども私はそうは思いません。 私は、よい休息がとれているときにはじめて
充実した知的生活を営むことができるからです。
逆に、休息がきちんととれていないと、 大きな仕事をこなしても、どこかに不満が残ってしまうように思います。
休むのも仕事のうち 。
聖書にも安息日が出てくる。
家内が自分のバロメータになっている。
プログラミングはまるで家内制手工業。
いつもどうしたら（本当に）楽ができるのか考えよう
( Perlの作者であ るLarry Wallもそう言っている ) 。
細切れに眠るのではなく、きちんと「眠る時間」をとって眠ろう。
規則正しく、眠る準備を整えてから眠ろう。
準備を整えてあげると身体が喜ぶ。
「 さあ、いまから眠るんだよ。安心して眠っていいからね」と自分にメッセージを送るようにして眠ろう。
「 この世のすべてを捨てる」かのような心持ちで眠ろう。あれはどうだっけ、この件はどうしよう、などと考えつつ眠らないように。
徹夜はいけない。フラフラになるから。
徹夜は非常手段である。次の日一日を捨ててもよい、というような状況でないと徹夜をしてはいけない。
普段から自分の睡眠の取り方、睡眠時間のパターンについて関心をもつようにしよう。
朝型に変えてから、仕事がはかどるようになった。
夜3時間かかるバグも朝なら3分で取れる。
夜中まで頭をブンブン回すと、眠れなくなる。
夜遅くなると「ハイ」になり、働いているような気分になる。けれどもそれは気分だけ。
ただし、夜 の 「自分の前に無限の時間が続いているような幻想の中でリラックスして仕事をする」という感覚は大事かもしれない。でも練習しだいでは、限られた時間内であってもリラックスして仕事をできるものかもしれない。
食事はきちんととること。
規則正しくとること。食休みをとること。
よく味わうこと 。
ふだん分析的な、論理的な仕事が多いので、「味わっている」という感覚を大事に。味わい、浸り切るという感覚を大事に。
休息をきちんととること。
よいアイディアは休息後に生まれる。
食事を味わう、音楽に浸る。
食後にお腹をなでてあげる 「 よしよし」と。
できれば、仲のよい人と一緒に食事するとよい。
にこにこしながら食事すること。
体調がよくないときは和食を中心に。少し軽みが必要なときにパンを食べる。
自分の思い込みを見つけ出そう。自分の枠を一つはずそう。「ねばならない」を1個捨ててみる。
第一歩は 80 ％完成でよしとする 。
失敗の原因になりそうな点を三つ言えるか？
不安自体がネタになる 。
プログラマの心の健 康
考えが行き詰まりそうなときには人と話す。人がいないときには思っていることをテキストエディタに向かって吐き出す。文章を使ったカタルシス。
「 無駄のない人生」をこころがける（無駄を無駄にしないくふう）。
それと同時に 「無駄があってもかまわない人生」も心がける。
批判はあとで、まず受け入れてから。
聖書を読む 。
失敗したと感じたときには 「そういうこともある」と受け入れてしまう。
できる限り誠実に。人をワナにかけないように。わざと情報を少なくしてミスを誘うことをしないように。
よい言葉を言う。悪い言葉を言わない。自分の言葉を一番初めに聞くのは自分である。
直接相手にものをわたすところをイメージする。
自分がものをつくるところをイメージする。
今、深さ優先か広さ優先か。
人を怒らない。怒りはものを生み出さない。
声を荒げない。小さな声で語っても正しいことは正しいこと。
けれども、ときには role play として怒ることが必要な場合もある 。
全体をイメージする。要となるもの（技術、人、文章）は何かを考える。
一番大事なことは何か、を考える。まずそれを真っ先に考える。助走はほどほどに。
正しい見積りは普段から訓練してないとできない。
とにかく見積もってみる。
仕事の後で、見積りが正確だったかを評価する。
数量化できるものはおおよそでよいから数量化しておく。
例えば、関数の数、ファイルの数、ページ数、日数。日数の見積りは、土日を抜いて行なうこと。
たくさんある、というとき、 10 か 100 か 1000 かと、オーダー程度は把握しておく。
一個するのに一分で、全体では何時間かかるかと、見積もっておく。
仕事が一つ終わったら、それに何時間・何日・何ヶ月かかったか、ざっと把握しておく。
それを一人ごとで 「 これだけするのにこれだけかかるんだ」と口で言っておく。
たまに時給計算をしてみるのもよい。があまりそれに縛られないように。
数量化できないものまで無理にしない。
いいわけや粉飾はあとまわし。まずは（少なくとも自分の中では）正直な見積もりを行う。
タネとなる習慣を見つけ出し、それを拡張する。
まず、毎日必ずしていることを自分で見つけ出す。「新たにする」のではないのがミソ。それに付随させて習慣を拡張していく。
例えば、通勤電車がガタンと動き出した瞬間に聖書を読みはじめるという習慣。
例えば、階段を昇るときに主の祈りを唱えるという習慣。
自分の力を信用しない工夫が大事。
例えば、何の根拠もタネとなる習慣もないのに、「よし、明日から毎日×××をしよう」と決心しても、たいてい長く続きはしない。
飽きてきたときには、もう少し続けてみる。ちょっと目先を変えてみる。
いつもの日々の中でも、ちょっとづつ「 打点」を変える（by 岡ひろみ）。
啓蒙的な書物を読んでみる。従うためではなく、刺激を受けるために。
普段と違う道を通ってみる。普段と違う店に入ってみる。普段読まない雑誌を買ってみる。
メモ、ログは言葉多めにとること。
メモ、ログはときどき昔のものもパラパラめくるとよい。
形式的に取っているログ、メモではないかをチェックできるとよい。
新しいメモ帳、ログについての啓蒙的な本を読むと形式化を防げる。
何か達成したら、よかった点・悪かった点の記録をつけること。
予定をメモするときには 「 ...しよう」という文末にしておく。
To do をメモするときには行頭に □ マークをつけておく 。
達成したら、もしくは忘れてよいと考えたら ■ に塗りつぶす。
達成できなくて長期間残ってしまったら、赤ペンで項目全体をくくっておく。
メモすると、記憶力も増す。
言 葉と絵の両面で記録しておく。
紙にメモを取るときできるだけノートにする。メモ帳は散逸するから。
多くなるまではひとまとめ、分類は後で。
そろえすぎないこと 。
枠組をはじめに決めすぎないこと。
頭で考えた中に事実を押し込めないこと。
机の上はきちんと片付けておくこと。
片付かないときには、なぜ片付かないかを考えること。
時間がないのか、収納がないのか、片付けない方がいいと思っているからか。
片付いている = 電話ごしに人に探しものをいいつけることができる状態
住んでいる場所 。
思いついたことを、スポッとおさめるところを作っておく。
これはメモにも通じる 。
落ちているあるものを手にとって、「これは本来どこに収まるべきか」と問うてみる。決っていなかったら、片付くわけがない。
あるべき姿をイメージする。けれどもそれに縛られない。
すぐ使うかもしれないものでも、いったん片付けるとよい。
ちょっとだけ一般化する 。
何度も読むのがよい 。
古典を作 る( by 知的生活 ) 。
お気に入りの著者を見つけるとよい。
本は買う。書き込むために。
ただでもらった本はなぜか読めない。
奥付けに購入年月日を書く。
奥付けは必ず存在するから。
読了年月日は書かない( 気にしない ) 。一部だけ読むこともあるから。
気になったら、すぐにポストイットをはるか、欄外に○をつける。
ときどき○だけを読むスキミング。
本のサマリは（きちんとは）作らない。どうせ、本とサマリがばらばらになるといつかサマリは紛失するから。サマリを作りたくなる本は、各ページの上にメモするとよい。そのときのサマリは単語の羅列ではなく、きちんとした文にするのがよい。
ペン。 ほとんど二色ボールペンを使う。消しゴムを使うのがわずらわしいから。 長い文は黒を使い、修正は赤を使う。すぐなくすので安いものを使う。
ノート。 よく使う。はじめのページに目次を作る。 各ページに番号を振る。連続しているノートには連続番号を振る。 電車の中で書くためのノートは各ページに縦線を引く。 日記は A5 版。仕事のノートは B5 版。歴史的理由。 でも、最近はほとんどすべてノートパソコンになってしまった。
のり、ハサミ、セロテープ。 ほとんど使わない 。
ポストイット。 小さいとすぐはずれていやなので大きめのものを使う。 買い物を頼まれたとき、大きめのポストイットに書いて、定期券に張る。すると改札口を通過するときに思い出す。こういう方法を「 トリガー」と呼ぶ。
ワープロ。 使わない。コンピュータのエディタを使う 。
コンピュータ。 使い過ぎないように注意する。 手書きの方が便利なこともある 。
電話。 メールでらちがあかないとき。相手の声を恐れない。こちらに非があるときにも暗い声では受けない。反省した声を出しつつも元気よく受けること。
FAX 。 相手についたかどうかを必ず確認する。 FAX を 送ったら確認の電話を入れる。 相手 のFAXはどこにあるか。とりにいくのか、手元かをイメージする。
コーヒー。 飲みすぎない。 コーヒーに限らず、熱い飲み物はワンポイントの気分転換になる。
現在の仕事に集中し、意識的に他の仕事のことを忘れ(られ)るように工夫する。
気が散るときには気が散る項目だけを手元のメモにメモしておき、そのことはいったん忘れる。
時計のタイマーを使って、自分に割り込みをかける。それが鳴るまではその仕事を忘れておく。
二つの仕事をするときには、できれば、種類の異なる二つの仕事をするのがよい。片方が他方の気分転換になるのなら最高。
二つの仕事をするときには、切り替わるときに、数分休みをとること。
切り替わるときに、前の仕事の ``context '' を保存しておくこと。 具体的には、その仕事のログの最後に、 「 何をしたか、何をしていないか、何が問題か」を書いておく。
コンテキストの保存のために、必ず時間を割り当てること。
5分時間があったときに、その時間を使って一つ小さな問題を解決するよりも、むしろ、「...という問題が残っている」とその問題を記録しておく方がよい。
コミュニケーションは非常に大事。
まずい事態になりそうなときこそ、はやく伝えるとよい。
それは今回の仕事の失敗かもしれないが、信頼を生むことには成功しているかもしれない。
タイミングも非常に大事。
相手から信用されているかどうかに心を配る。
約束を守ると安心が生まれ、そこから信用が生まれる。
約束を守れるかどうかは、見積りにかかっている。
相手はいま、その仕事に関して何をやっているか、言えるか。
まず、相手と関係している部分から手をつける。さもないと、時間の無駄になる。
人に内容の要約をしゃべろうとしてみよう。
人に説明して覚えよう 。
自分がいなくても仕事がどうなっているのか他の人にわかる工夫。
人の仕事ぶりを観察する。
相手が本当に求めているのは何か、いつまでか。
黒板やメモを使って、絵を描きながら話をすること。
最後に、相手と自分の仕事分担について再度確認すること。
相手をほめるのでもなく、けなすのでもなく、正当に評価しようとしよう。
相手から不条理な悪い言葉が渡されたとき、それは自分の中には取り込まない。きちんと聞くけれども受け入れない。感情的なフレイバー（香り）を剥ぎ取った事実だけを受け取ること。
相手には復讐しない。復讐は人間の仕事ではない。
注意は（少なくとも最初は）その人と二人きりの時に行う。人前でいきなり侮辱しない。
ほめるときには、人前でほめる。
頭が回る時間には頭を使う仕事をする。仕事の適時性。
道具の使い 方
手の上でネタを転がす。手で全体像を描いたつもりになり、それをあちらこちらの角度から眺めてみる時間をとる。
身体を使って理解するとよい。
ログを取る 。
ワインバーグ 「 ライトついてますか 」 。
ハマトン 「 知的生活 」 。
よりよい仕事って何だろう。量か、質か、お金か、評価（評判）か、自己の納得か、誰かの笑顔か。
もっと一般的なこと、総論。
本書き、本読み 。
リコーダを吹く 。
散歩について。歩いて考えるのは有効。
気分転換には歩くとよい。
聖書を読むことについて。自分に適用する。
自分で実際に体験し、得たものだけを書くようにする。
同時につきあう新しいものは一つにする（新しいの法則）。
歴史をバカにしないこと。
長年使って枯れたシステムは有効。
自分を 「 だまして」はじめる。
「 最悪いつまで」を確認する 。
ゆっくり考える 。
相手といっしょに考える。
想像力。
「 私の十戒」って何だろう 。
自分が陥るパターンは何だろう。
相手と 「言った／言わない」のもめごとになったら、それは失敗した仕事である。
「 次に何が起こるだろう」と考える。
「 今日、明日、来週、一ヶ月後、一年後、何が起こるだろう」と考える。
特に何もまずいことがない場合には、変えないようにしよう。
自分に欠けている部分を、適切に人に助けてもらおう。
感情的に怒るのをやめよう。怒るときにはロールプレイとして怒ろう。
言外の意味を読み取ろう。でも言外の悪意は無視しよう。
愚痴をこぼすときは、相手を選ぼう。
連続して大量の時間があったからといって仕事が進むわけではない。
細切れでも、すぐに仕事をはじめられる体勢になっている方がよい。
そして、興がのったら連続して仕事できる状況だとなおよい。
集中して仕事ができることが大切。
結城さんお久しぶりです。 結城さんお久しぶりです。 （といっても私は毎日このホームページを見ていますが…） 今日はじめてこのページをみました。 疲れたら結城さんのページにきます。 そして、何かを発見してから帰っていきます。 私はこれから試験期間です。 ほどほどに頑張っていこうと思います。 （私は頑張りすぎる性質なので） それでは、またメールしますね。 （大学生 ）
身に積まされることばかり 読んでいて身に積まされることばかりでした。 人に頼まれてプログラムを書いていると、突然「 やっぱ変えて」とくる。 チャント聞かないでやると、あとで「聞いてないよー」という結果になる。
別に自分の評判はひどくてもいいけど、仕事がまるまる無駄になるのは勘弁願いたい。
でも、基本的なことばかりでしたね。結局人の言うことを良く聞く、ですか。
「 おもしろそうなのを先にやる」はだめなんですよね。
おっしゃる通りですが、少し、プログラマはつまらないかもと思ってしまいました。 （会社員）
休息は大事ですね。 休息は大事ですね。 プログラマの心の健康をみてからここまできましたが。。。 休息が取れない時期は何事もうまくいきません。 余裕のある生活が良い仕事を生み出すと思います。 しかしながら 現実はそうもいきません。 急な出張。急な障害対応。急であるにもかかわらず どうでもいい（と思われる）仕事。などなど。 急いでる自分はやはり変ですね。 少しおちつきました。 ちょっとブルーになってるときに ここに来れてよかったなと思います。 また辛くなったら来てみようと思います。 ありがとうございました 。
フィードバックを送るフォーム あなたのご意見やご感想をお送りください。
あなたの一言が大きなはげみとなりますので、どんなことでもどうぞ。
結城浩へのフィードバック お名前 / Name メール /
Mail 学年やご職業など / Job 年齢 /
Age 男性 ( Male ) 女性 ( Female ) ※上の情報は、いずれも未記入でかまいません。
All of the information above are optional .
メッセージ / Message
今年は西暦何年ですか？（迷惑書き込み防止のための質問）/
What year is this ?
( 4 digits )
送信する / Send
2016年9月26日、レスポンシブデザインに変更。
2001年1月16日、フィードバック追加。
2000年4月24日、全体的に加筆。リンク修正。
2000年3月8日、全体的にちょっぴり加筆。切れていたリンクを直す。
2000年1月25日、読者のみなさんからのフィードバックを追加。
1999年12月24日、www.hyuki.comに移動。
1997 年11月3日、公開。
以下には、まだ整理されていない話題をリストアップする。
