I was well acquainted with the rabbinical despotism which by the power of superstition has established its throne for many centuries in Poland , and which for its own security sought in every possible way to prevent the spread of light and truth .
I knew how closely the Jewish theocracy is connected with the national existence , so that the abolition of the former must inevitably bring with it the annihilation of the latter .
Solomon Maimon , The Autobiography of Solomon Maimon ( London : East and West Library , 1954 ) , p. 135 .
The Coen brothers ’ latest film , A Serious Man , is set in Minneapolis in 1967 , but it begins with a prologue in Yiddish , set in some shtetl in the Pale of the Settlement , which is to say in the part of Poland which Russia confiscated during the last decade of the 18thcentury .
The exact date of the prologue is irrelevant because from the time that the Baal Shem Tov created Hasidism in the wake of the Shabbetai Zevi catastrophe and the Chmielnicki pogroms until the first writings of Moses Mendelssohn began to trickle into what Maimon referred to as “ darkest Lithuania , ” time stood still in the pale .
Tevye lived his life in a world which Scholem Aleichem romanticized and which Solomon Maimon damned as the epitome of superstition , but it was a world which never changed , hence the lack of time cues in a movie otherwise obsessed with them .
A Serious Man is the Coen brothers ’ most autobiographical film to date from Hollywood ’s most successful siblings .
Beginning with their collaboration with Sam Raimi ’s horror flick The Evil Dead in the ‘ 80s , the Coen brothers have gone on to produce an oeuvre that is both commercially successful and generically diverse .
Joel ( born November 29 , 1954 ) and Ethan ( born September 21 , 1957 ) Coen grew up in St. Louis Park , Minnesota , a suburb of Minneapolis / St. Paul .
Both parents were professors .
Edward Coen taught economics at the University of Minnesota and Rena Coen was an art historian at St. Cloud State University .
Joel and Ethan , destined to be prodigies by both nature and nurture , amused themselves as children by making home movies on their Super 8 movie camera .
The Coens referred to A Serious Man as “ a film ... reminiscent of our childhoods . ”
The synagogue where A Serious Man was filmed was “ was close to where we grew up .
... Marshak was a rabbi that we knew as kids .
He was a sage .
He said nothing but he had a lot of charisma . ”
The kernel of the story was a “ the kid ’s stoned bar mitzvah , ” which was based on “ characters that we knew . ”
Given what they wanted to do , one of the first hurdles the Coens had to clear was “ getting the Jewish community to cooperate . ”
Once word of the stoned bar mitzvah got out , the people at the synagogue were worried .
“ You not going to make fun of the Jews , are you ? ” one of the Coen brothers mimics , and then both brothers burst out laughing , as if the question were the punch line for a private joke .
The big question about A Serious Man is : “ Is it good for the Jews ? ” The question elicits more laughter from the Coens .
Then as if some explanation is necessary one of the Coens adds , “ It ’s not that we ’re laughing at anybody . ”
And that statement elicits still more laughter .
Then finally calming down , one of them adds with a straight face , “ The congregants were very excited to be a part of the film . ”
To say that critics have been perplexed by the film is an understatement .
One reviewer described it as “ gentle but dark . ”
The Jewish reviewer for the New York Post seemed more conflicted than most .
This is not surprising since A Serious Man is certainly the most anti-Jewish film Hollywood has ever produced .
It makes Jud Suess look like Fiddler on the Roof by comparison .
The Jewish thought police raked Steven Spielberg over the coals for directing Munich , but Munich comes across as an Israeli propaganda film in comparison to the Coens ’ A Serious Man .
The film makes a number of statements , all of them anti-Jewish :
1 ) the Jewish religion is a false religion which can offer not only no consolation for suffering , but no explanation for the most important events in a man ’s life , in particular , the presence of evil ;
2 ) all rabbis are clueless , fatuous fools ;
3 ) all Jews are repulsive .
The film goes out of its way to make Jews — from Larry ’s brother Arthur , who spends the entire film draining his sebaceous cyst , to Larry ’s family , which engages in high - decibel soup slurping with a Menorah in the background — seem as physically unattractive as possible ; and ,
4 ) a catastrophe is looming on the horizon .
A Serious Man is , beyond all that , a tale of rabbicide .
If you read the trailing credits long enough , you will learn that “ no Jew was killed in the making of this film . ”
That ’s because , in this story , the rabbis discredit themselves so much that the killing remains a mere formality .
But the question raised during the Yiddish prologue remains :
If we kill the rabbi , will we be cursed ?
Or as Maimon puts it :
Will the abolition of the despotic Jewish theocracy mean the annihilation of the Jewish nation ?
Or will it mean its liberation ?
Or have the Jews been cursed since they killed another rabbi and cried out in unison , “ His blood be on us and on our children ! ”
These are questions more suitable for the Coen brothers than Larry Gopnik , the protagonist of A Serious Man .
In a supplement to the DVD , the Coen brothers explained that they were looking for a suitable Yiddish tale to begin their movie .
Unable to find one , they decided to make one up .
The Yiddish prologue to A Serious Man is , as a result , both personal and archetypal .
A Jew enters the hovel where he lives with his wife and tells her that a wheel fell off his cart on way home .
Fortunately , even though the hour was late and the road deserted , a famous rabbi happened by and helped him .
Full of gratitude , the Jew invited the rabbi to his house for a bowl of soup .
Expecting a sympathetic response from his wife , the Jew is shocked when she tells him that the rabbi in question died three years earlier and that he has been talking to a dybbuk — in Jewish folklore , the wandering soul of a dead person who has taken up residence in the body of a living person .
In the middle of their heated discussion , both husband and wife freeze when they hear a knock at the door .
The rabbi in question enters and sits down by the fire , only to have the wife confront him .
When words fail to get the rabbi to confess his true identity , the wife stabs him with an ice pick .
The rabbi laughs after being stabbed as if to prove the wife right .
He is a dybbuk .
But then , blood begins to discolor his shirt where the ice pick has been rammed into his chest , and he asks , “ Is this the way you repay kindness ? ”
Is the rabbi a kindly old man who deserves not only hospitality but respect and gratitude ?
Or is it a dybbuk , which is to say , an evil spirit , sent to oppress them ?
The Coen brothers made up the story , but Solomon Maimon , refugee from the shtetl and the devotee of the Enlightenment , articulated the terms of engagement two centuries earlier when he wondered if rabbinic despotism was the only thing which kept the Jewish race together .
If so , the Coen brothers have a dilemma on their hands .
If the rabbi is a tyrant , he deserves to be killed , but if the Jew ’s wife kills the rabbi , then his entire family will be cursed .
This is clearly the Jewish version of a no -win situation .
The wife never wavers in her belief that she has dispatched a dybbuk , but the husband is wracked with doubt .
“ We ’re cursed , ” he says when the rabbi gets up to leave and walks off into the blizzard raging outside their hovel .
Cut to a suburb of Minneapolis during the summer of 1967 .
The narrative now bounces back and forth between Larry Gopnik , a physics professor at what looks like the local branch of the state university , and Danny , his 12 - year - old son .
Larry is at his doctor ’s office undergoing what looks like a routine physical exam , and Danny is studying Hebrew and about to be bar mitzvahed in two weeks .
Before long , it ’s pretty clear that Danny , along with everyone else in his class , hates Hebrew school .
In order to overcome the boredom associated with talmudic study , Danny listens to Jefferson Airplane and smokes dope .
This aversion to the Talmud is nothing new .
Solomon Maimon hated Hebrew school too , characterizing “ the subjects of the Talmud ” as “ dry and mostly unintelligible to a child . ”
The shul was n’t much better than its curriculum .
Jewish children from the pale were “ imprisoned from morning till night ” in “ a small smoky hut , ” where “ the children are scattered , some on benches , some on the bare earth ” ( p. 31 ) .
Then as now , when “ children are doomed in the bloom of youth to such an infernal school , it may be easily imagined with what joy and rapture they look forward to their release ” ( p. 33 ) .
According to Heinrich Graetz , the father of Jewish historiography , the net result of immersion in Talmudic studies was the moral corruption of the Jews who studied it :
A love of twisting , distorting , ingenious quibbling , and a foregone antipathy to what did not lie within their field of vision , constituted the character of the Polish Jews .
Pride in their knowledge of the Talmud and a spirit of dogmatism attached even to the best rabbis , and undermined their moral sense .
The Polish Jews of course were extraordinarily pious but even their piety rested on sophistry and boastfulness .
. . .
The vulgar acquired the quibbling method of the schools and employed it to outwit the less cunning .
They found pleasure and a sort of triumphant delight in deception and cheating ( p. 5 - 6 ) .
Between the beginning of the film and the bar mitzvah , Danny whiles away his time in Hebrew class listening to Jefferson Airplane through the earplug of his transistor radio and trying pass a $ 20 bill to classmate Fagel for the marijuana he has bought from him .
Sensing something amiss , the rabbi pulls out Danny ’s earplug , the room is filled with “ Somebody to Love , ” and the class explodes into the music - driven anarchy of the ‘ 60s .
The students at the local Hebrew school have made a discovery : when the truth is found to be lies . . . all the joy within you dies . ”
When intellectual props have been kicked out from underneath the rabbinic enterprise , all that ’s left is recourse to sensual pleasure — sex , drugs , and rock n’ roll .
Danny ’s father , Larry Gopnik , discovers the same thing in a much more painful fashion .
Larry Gopnik is a Jewish physics professor , but he is also a modern - day Job in a world which has replaced suffering with banality .
Gopnik teaches at an unnamed university in the Midwest and — awaiting the results of a medical examination , as well as the decision over whether he gets tenure , and his son ’s bar mitzvah — his world suddenly falls apart .
When Gopnik arrives home in his Dodge Coronet to a meticulously barren recreation of a ‘ 60s suburb , things start to go seriously wrong .
His wife announces that she has been having an affair with Gopnik ’s colleague , the much older Sy Abelman , and that she now wants a divorce .
As if this were n’t bad enough , she adds religious insult to marital injury by demanding a get , which is to say the Talmudic ratification of divorce so that she can remain an upstanding member of the local Jewish community .
In order to spare their two obnoxious children any psychic conflict , the wife demands that both Gopnik and his brother , who spends most of the movie in the Gopniks ’ one bathroom draining a sebaceous cyst , will have to move out of the Gopnik house into the Jolly Roger motel .
Gopnik , the quintessential schlemiel , is dumbfounded , and , when he tries to get his bearings , his wife tells him to see their rabbi .
“ I have begged you to see the rabbi , ” says Larry ’s wife , and this becomes the theological refrain which runs throughout the entire movie .
Like Job , Larry Gopnik goes from one counselor to another , and they all tell him the same thing .
Watching his awkward and physically repulsive older brother flounder around in one of Minnesota ’s many lakes , Larry listens to a Jewish woman wearing leg braces explain that “ it ’s not always easy to decipher what Ha Shem [ i.e. , God ] is telling us . ”
No one , it would seem , should be better prepared to deal with adversity than the Jews .
“ We ’re Jews , ” the lady with the leg braces tells Larry , “ we have thousands of years of tradition to draw on — all the stories of people who have had the same problems . ”
Virtually every encounter in the film ends with the same bit of advice : “ Talk to the rabbi , ” the crippled lady tells Larry .
That admonition sets up the plot framework for what is a deeply theological film , whose plot revolves around Gopnik ’s visit to three different rabbis .
Larry Gopnik is Job , but he is living at a time when the Jewish religion under whose dispensation the Book of Job was written , is dead and obsolete .
The rabbis who represent this religion , as a result , are incapable of explaining anything .
Hoping to meet with the senior rabbi , Gopnik enounters instead his junior colleague , Rabbi Scott , who upbraids Larry for lacking “ capacity for wonder ” and the “ right perspective . ”
Jumping up from behind his desk , Rabbi Scott goes to the window of his study and , pulling back the curtain , gives Larry the key to understanding all of his problems : “ Look at the parking lot , Larry ! ” Larry ’s problem , according to Rabbi Scott , stems from the fact that “ You ’re looking at your wife with old eyes . ”
When Larry informs that rabbi that his problem is that his wife is sleeping with Sy Abelman , the rabbi is at a loss for words .
“ Oh , sorry , ” he blurts out .
Instead of supporting Larry as a victim of adultery , the rabbi tacitly condones it by showing himself willing to help the wife get her get .
After collaborating in the destruction of Larry ’s marriage , the rabbi gets back to the vision thing by telling him , “ This is life .
This is an expression of God ’s will .
Things are n’t so bad .
Look at the parking lot , Larry . ”
The encounter with the second rabbi is , if anything , more intellectually frustrating and more spiritually bankrupt than the first encounter .
Rabbi Nachner , the man with the “ life experience ” Rabbi Scott lacked , listens patiently dunking a tea bag as Larry explains his feeling that “ the carpet has been yanked out from under me . ”
Since his meeting with the junior rabbi , Sy Abelman has died in a car accident , but now somehow everyone is expecting Larry to pay for the funeral of the man that cuckolded him .
Somehow this does n’t seem fair .
“ Somebody has to pay for Sy ’s funeral , but why is it me ?
I ’m so strapped for money now .
I do n’t know .
What does it all mean ?
Paying for Sy ’s funeral ?
He died the same instant I had the crash .
Does that mean that I am Sy Abelman .
Does it mean that we are all one ?
How does God speak to us ? ”
Rabbi Nachner responds by telling Larry the story of the goy ’s teeth .
A dentist in the rabbi’s congregation by the name of Sussman , while making an appliance for one of his goy patients , noticed Hebrew writing on the inside of the goy ’s lower incisors , writing which when deciphered , said “ Help me !
Save me ! ”
“ This in a goy ’s mouth , Larry ! ”
Needless to say , Sussman was stunned : “ Sussman ca n’t eat .
Sussman ca n’t sleep .
He examines the mouths of his patients , Jew and goy alike ” and wants to know what this could mean .
Sussman , who is an educated man ( “ Not like Rabbi Marshak but an educated man .
He knows about the Zohar ” ) asks the rabbi if the answer lies in Kaballah .
Sussman knows that every Hebrew letter has a numerical equivalent .
Transposing the Hebrew letters to numbers , he comes up with the telephone number of the Red Owl Supermarket in Bloomington , Minnesota .
He calls the number and asks the manager if he knows a goy with Hebrew writing on his teeth .
Getting no satisfactory answer he goes to the Red Owl Supermarket , but finds nothing .
Returning to Rabbi Nachner , Sussman asks , “ What does it mean ?
Is the answer in Kaballah or Torah ?
What can such a sign mean ? ”
Intrigued by the story , Larry asks , “ What did you tell him ? ”
“ Teeth ? ” answers Rabbi Nachner .
“ Do n’t know .
God ?
Do n’t know .
Helping others ?
Ca n’t hurt . ”
To which Larry responds : “ It sounds like you do n’t know anything . ”
The story ends with a picture of Sussman playing golf and Nachner adding , “ He stopped asking .
He returned to life . ”
The moral of the story , according to Rabbi Nachner , is that “ questions are like a tooth ache , ” but Larry is n’t satisfied with this response .
“ I want an answer , ” he objects , but according to the rabbi , “ Ha Shem does n’t owe you an answer . ”
And even if Ha Shem had the answer , the rabbi continues , “ He has n’t told me . ”
Subdued by the thought that nothing has any meaning , Larry asks one more question :
“ What happened to the goy ? ”
“ The goy ? ” Nachner answers .
“ Who cares ? ”
Solomon Maimon ’s autobiography caused a sensation when it appeared in Berlin at the end of the 18th century .
Like the Coen brothers , Maimon felt that Judaism was a false religion and that the rabbis were the enemy of the Jewish people .
The Kaballah , as Nachner ’s exposition of the goy ’s teeth made clear , could be used to justify anything , including the claim that nothing had any justification :
“ The remotest analogies between signs and things were seized , till at last the Kaballah degenerated into an art of madness according to method , or a systematic science resting on fancy . ”
Brother Nathanael Kapner , who was born in 1950 and is four years older that Joel Coen , felt the same way about the Jewish religion he was raised in .
Like Danny Gopnik in A Serious Man , Kapner went to Hebrew school .
Unlike Danny he did n’t get stoned or listen to Jefferson Airplane .
Kapner was a pious Jewish boy , something which makes the epiphany he had in a Pittsburgh synagogue , all the more startling :
I recall my parents taking me to my cousin ’s Bar Mitzvah at a farther part of the City of Pittsburgh , where I grew up .
We entered into an old , musty smelling synagogue which had the Jewish Star of David everywhere .
After only 10 minutes of being inside , I got very nauseated and wanted to vomit .
The synagogue seemed to have a deathly pall about it .
And I could n’t bear looking at the Jewish Star everywhere .
I learned later that the Star of David is an occult symbol that was popularized by the Kabbalists of the 13th Century in Europe .
It was then at the age of 8 , through my experience in that old , musty smelling synagogue , that I knew that Judaism was a religion of death .
Kapner was exposed to Christianity as a child , but the rabbis kept him from acting on what he saw :
The neighborhood where I grew up was made up of Jews , Catholics , and Protestants .
Every year at Christmas time in the 1950s , all of our Gentile neighbors put up the Nativity Scene on their lawns .
I simply loved looking at the Nativity Scene !
And I wanted to know more about Jesus Christ .
But we were forbidden to even mention Jesus Christ ’s name unless we used it as a curse word .
A boyhood friend of mine named Ricky Rago was a Roman Catholic .
One afternoon after playing baseball , Ricky Rago invited me over to his house and we went into his bedroom to play Monopoly .
All over his walls were pictures of the 14 Stations Of The Cross .
I was 10 years old at the time and these pictures of Christ ’s sufferings made a deep impression on me .
I promised myself that one day I would learn the meaning of these sufferings of Jesus Christ .
Hebrew school , in Kapner ’s experience , was n’t so much an introduction to the Torah , as it was an inoculation against Christianity .
As part of his Hebrew school curriculum , Kapner was required to take a course in Comparative Religion , in which he and his classmates studied Buddhism , Hinduism , and Islam .
After that build up , Kapner was shocked to hear his teacher announce that they were not going to study Christianity .
“ You see children , ” Mrs. Schechter , his teacher said ,
Christianity was made up by a manic - depressant by the name of Saul of Tarsus who wanted to blame the crucifixion of a criminal named Jesus Christ on the Jewish people .
And Saul of Tarsus you should know was a “ self - hating ” Jew .
He hated being a Jew so much that he even changed his name to “ Paul ! ”
Now it happened dear children that 500 years after Jesus Christ was crucified , the Roman Catholic Church took the crazed writings of Saul of Tarsus and made a religion out of it .
They called this religion , “ Christianity . ”
Thus we are not going to bother studying this false and hate - mongering religion . ”
Kapner ’s father , unsurprisingly , only reiterated what Kapner had learned in the synagogue :
When I got home I asked my father what he thought about Saul of Tarsus .
My father answered , “ Saul of Tarsus tried to convince Jews to become Christians .
But we are born Jews and we should die as Jews . ”
Solomon Maimon noticed something similar in the attitude of the rabbis of his day : “ As I observed in most of the rabbis a good deal of pride , quarrelsomeness and other evil qualities , they became objects of dislike to me on that account ” ( p. 81 ) .
Confronted with what seemed like an insuperable conflict between faith and reason , Maimon vowed to leave Poland , along with his wife and family , and move to Berlin , where he could “ destroy by enlightenment the remnant of superstition which still clung to me . ”
This decision set Maimon permanently at odds with the Jewish people , rendering him by and large unemployable as a tutor “ because the parents of these young people were anxious lest their children should be led astray and by independent thinking on religion , be made to waver in their faith .
. . .
They could not rely up on their children having sufficient judgment to be able to enter upon this course without passing from one extreme to the other , from superstition to unbelief , and perhaps they were right . ”
Maimon ’s behavior did n’t help matters any .
Like the Coen brothers , he went out of his way to outrage Jewish sensibilities .
While in Posen , Maimon deliberately touched what the Jews felt was a sacred stag horn at entrance to the synagogue : “ Horror - struck they expected my death on the spot , but as nothing happened their anxiety for me was converted into hatred .
They looked on me as one who had profaned the sanctuary . ”
Spurred on by his hatred of “ the spirit of fanaticism ” he found among the rabbis , Maimon “ began to push matters a little further , frequently slept through the time of prayer , went seldom to the synagogue and so on ” until he brought on the persecution that he had warned against .
The Jews , for their part , deprived of a rational religion , had no way to incorporated Maimon ’s critique into their practice , and so Maimon , like his predecessor Spinoza , was expelled from the synagogue .
Solomon Maimon was an advocate of the Enlightenment .
He suggested that the study of mathematics and science would break the hold of the superstitious rabbis and bring Enlightenment to the Jewish people , but things turned out differently than expected .
Larry Gopnik is a product of the Enlightenment .
He is well - versed in both mathematics and physics , but physics is n’t what it was when the Maskilim in Berlin were in awe of Sir Isaac Newton and his marvelous system .
Physics , as Gopnik teaches it , is Heissenberg ’s uncertainty principle .
In one of the film ’s many dream sequences , Larry is dwarfed by a huge blackboard covered with incomprehensible equations .
Explaining Heissenberg ’s uncertainty principle to his students , Gopnik sums up everything by saying “ it proves that we ca n’t really know what ’s going on , but you ’ll be responsible for it on the midterm . ”
Unlike Larry Gopnik , the successful brother who makes a living teaching a theory in physics which does n’t explain anything , Arthur , his older brother , is a loser in everyone ’s estimation .
He sleeps on the couch in the Gopnik ’s living room .
He spends most of his day draining the cyst on his neck , but unlike his brother , Arthur has come up with a system that actually works .
The cabbalistic “ Mentaculus , ” is “ a probability map of the universe , ” which allows him to win money at cards : ( “ Some goys put together a private game .
I think they ’re Italian . ” ) even if it ca n’t keep him from soliciting at the town ’s notorious gay bar and getting him arrested for sodomy .
“ What ’s sodomy , dad ? ” Larry ’s son asks , when the police show up at the Gopnik ’s front door with Arthur in handcuffs .
When Larry consults a lawyer about his brother ’s arrest , the lawyer asks him the same question : “ Have you talked to the rabbi ? ”
Larry : “ I talked to Nachner . ”
Lawyer : “ Did he tell you the story about the goy ’s teeth ?
Go talk to Marshak .
He ’s a wise man . ”
Before long , Larry is dreaming about people telling him to talk to the rabbi .
In one dream sequence , the late Sy Abelman , still wearing the golfing outfit he died in , engages Larry in a debate over mathematics which ends with Sy banging Larry ’s head against the black board while screaming over and over “ I fucked you wife .
See [ Rabbi ] Marshak . ”
Taking the advice of both the living and the dead , Larry finally goes to see Rabbi Marshak .
“ I need help , ” Larry tells Marshak ’s secretary .
“ I have a lot of Tsuris [ troubles ] in my life .
This is not a frivolous request .
Tell him I need help . ”
The secretary opens the door walks into Rabbi ’s study .
Rabbi Marshak is sitting behind desk as she explains Larry ’s request .
She returns and tells Larry , “ the rabbi is busy . ”
“ He does n’t look busy , ” Larry responds shrilly .
Secretary : “ He ’s thinking . ”
The rabbis are not only totally useless when it comes to explaining the presence of evil in the world or giving advice , their rituals do n’t help either .
Danny ’s bar mitzvah is the highpoint of the film ; with Sy Abelman dead , it looks as if Larry and his wife are going to get back together .
As they sit in the synagogue waiting for Danny to go up and sing the Torah , Larry ’s wife tells him that “ Sy admired you so much .
He wrote letters to the tenure committee . ”
The look on Larry ’s face indicates 1 ) just how he feels about his wife bringing up the now - dead Sy at a moment like this ; as well as 2 ) the realization that he now knows who was writing all of those anonymous letters about Larry ’s moral turpitude to the tenure committee .
Our sense that Larry is finally out of the woods is undermined further by the fact that Danny has to get stoned to go through with the ceremony .
After a few tense moments , when it looks as if Danny might pass out in front of everyone , he finally finds his voice , sings the Torah , and , after it is all over , Rabbi Nachner greets Larry ’s totally stoned son as “ a member of our tribe . ”
As a reward for his performance at the bar mitzvah , Danny , still stoned , gets to meet Rabbi Marshak , the man who refused to discuss his father ’s troubles because Marshak was busy “ thinking . ”
After a long walk through Marshak ’s cluttered study , Danny sits at the rabbi’s feet , and after almost an entire film of anticipation , the senior rabbi finally opens his mouth and says : “ When the truth is found to be lies / And all the joy within you dies .
Denn wot ? ”
Without waiting for an answer , the wise old rabbi continues by naming the members of the Jefferson Airplane .
“ It was wonderful , ” he says of the song he has been listening to for the past two weeks and hands Danny back the transistor radio with the $ 20 bill in the case which his teacher confiscated from Hebrew class .
Cut to Danny listening to Jefferson Airplane in Hebrew class once more .
This time , however , the Rabbi is interrupted by the school secretary , who tells him that a tornado is approaching .
The Rabbi then tells the children that they all need to take shelter in the synagogue basement .
After getting arrested for sodomy , Arthur has reached the end of his rope .
He runs out of their motel room screaming .
Larry finds him sitting beside the motel ’s empty swimming pool sobbing : “ Ha Shem has n’t given me shit . ”
In the most moving scene in the whole movie , Larry embraces his brother Arthur , and tries to offer him the consolation that has been denied him by the three rabbis .
“ It ’ll be okay , ” Larry tells his brother .
“ We get Ron Meshbesher to take your case . ” Ron Meshbesher is the third lawyer Larry has had to consult .
( Solomon Schlutz , the senior partner in the firm handling Larry ’s divorce , keeled over with a heart attack before he could give Larry any advice in the real estate battle Larry was having with his goy neighbor , the one who takes his son hunting when the boy should be in school . )
Since Ron Meschbescher is a criminal lawyer , he requires a retainer fee of $ 3,000 up front .
Three thousand dollars is precisely the amount of money that a Korean student passed to Larry in attempt to bribe him to change his failing grade .
Larry looks at the retainer agreement from Ron Meshbesher .
He then looks at his grade sheet .
He then looks at the envelope from the Korean student containing the $ 3,00 bribe .
With the rain from the thunderstorm which has spawned the tornado now approaching his son ’s school pelting his window , Larry takes out a pencil and erases the F next to Mr. Park , the Korean student ’s name , and puts a C - in its place .
No sooner is the deed done than the phone on Larry ’s desk rings .
It ’s the physician who gave him a clean bill of health at the beginning of the film .
Something has showed up on the X-ray .
Could Larry come in to discuss the results .
“ Ca n’t we discuss them over the phone ? ” Larry wants to know .
“ No , in person would be better . ”
“ When , ” Larry asks .
“ Now , ” says the doctor .
“ Now would be good .
I ’ve cleared a place in my schedule . ”
Meanwhile , the Hebrew students have now gathered in the schoolyard , where they are being battered by the storm .
Outside in schoolyard , one of his classmates tells Danny that “ The wind is going to rip that fucking flag off the flag pole . ”
The storm in this instance seems to symbolize the sexual revolution of the ‘ 60s , the revolution which New Left Red Diaper babies like David Horowitz created to punish the United States for treating their Stalinist parents so badly .
Horowitz ’s participation in the sexual revolution — in particular , his affair with Abby Rockefeller — destroyed his marriage and almost destroyed his life when he took to driving the sports car he bought as compensation for the break up of his marriage at unsafe speeds .
He then converted from New Leftism to Neoconservatism but never stopped being a Jewish revolutionary , and his revolutionary activity never stopped being harmful to American culture .
When it comes to the Jews , America is doomed one way or another .
Suburbia , to get back to the film under discussion , is a creation of Jews like the Levitts , who gave us Levittown , the suburb that set the pattern of banality for the rest of the country for the post - World War II era .
The Levitts came up with the mass produced slab house that the Coen brothers found so insufferable growing up .
As in the pale of the settlement where the Jewish descendents of Solomon Maimon blamed the Czar for the tyranny of the rabbis , so in America , where the next generation of Gopniks finds the world their fathers created intolerable , and instead of killing their own rabbis , they kill the culture which harbored them instead .
Like David Horowitz , they always run the danger of perishing in the conflagration they themselves started .
That seems to be the meaning of the tornado at the end of the film .
Outside the synagogue , the rabbi is struggling unsuccessfully to find the key to open the door to the synagogue basement so that he can lead his charges to safety .
Danny Gopnik calls to Fagel the drug dealer as if to pay him back the $ 20 he owes him , but his gaze is drawn instead to the tornado bearing down on all of them , about to destroy them .
The Jews , the Coen brothers seem to be telling us , are facing some sort of catastrophe : either 1 ) the sexual revolution of the ‘ 60s which wiped out a significant portion of the baby boomer Jews , bringing about the demographic crisis to which Alan Dershowitz among others has alluded or 2 ) the tornado symbolizes some catastrophe looming for the Jews in 2010 .
After the neocon Jews pushed America into a disastrous war with Iraq which has led to a mountain of unrepayable debt , Jews like Mr. Blankfein of Goldman Sachs and Mr. Rubenstein of the Carlyle group ( not to mention Alan Greenspan , Ben Shalom Bernanke , Larry Summers and Robert Rubin ) presided over the looting of the American economy , piling more unrepayable debt onto the backs of the American people .
Then , as if that were n’t enough , the first group of Jews is now demanding that President Obama attack Iran .
At around the same time that the DVD of A Serious Man was released , neocon warmonger Daniel Pipes was writing an article on National Review Online entitled , “ How to Save the Obama Presidency : Bomb Iran . ”
And what was the Catholic reaction to this effrontery ?
William Donohue , head of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights , wrote an editorial calling for economic sanctions against Iran .
Then , just to show that great minds run in the same circles , on the same day , Deal Hudson , editor of the now defunct Crisismagazine , wrote an editorial calling for the same thing .
Now how is it that these greatCatholic minds came to the same conclusion on an issue of no concern to Catholics on the same day ?
If you ’re really stumped , I recommend a short review of the political career of former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum .
Santorum , who used Jewish money to buy Catholic votes , and never did anything in return for the Catholics who elected him to office .
Santorum ended his career in the Senate by campaigning for war with Iran .
According to the late Tom Herron , Santorum ’s Iran - speech was both his political swan song and a job application .
Then , lo and behold , where does former Senator Rick Santorum pop up after losing the election ?
At the American Enterprise Institute , where Jewish financiers like private equity king David Rubenstein can pay his salary directly .
The scene of the rabbi struggling to find right key to open the door to the synagogue basement is the second time that obliquely Christian themes made their appearance in A Serious Man .
( The first came when Larry ’s daughter , hearing her uncle say for the nth time , “ Just a minute , ” from the other side of the bathroom door , exclaimed “ Jesus Christ . ” )
Sooner or later , confronted by the fact that the rabbis do not have the keys of the kingdom and are blocking the door to salvation by refusing to go in themselves and preventing others from going in as well , the Jew considers becoming a Christian .
After being spurned by both the rabbis and Enlightened Jews like Moses Mendelssohn , Solomon Maimon had reached the end his rope and concluded that “ there was no alternative left but to embrace the Christian religion and get myself baptized in Hamburg ” ( p. 126 ) .
Unlike Nicholas Donin and Joseph Pfefferkorn and Eugenio Zolli , the chief Rabbi of Rome who converted because of the heroic witness of Pope Piux XII during World War II , and Nathanael Kapner , Solomon Maimon never made it into the Church which is the ark of salvation .
“ I am a native of Poland , ” told a Lutheran minister in Hamburg ,
belonging to the Jewish nation , destined by my education and studies to be a rabbi ; but in the thickest darkness , I have perceived some light .
This has induced me to search further after light and truth and to free myself completely from the darkness of superstition and ignorance .
As this could not be attained in my native place , I went to Berlin , where with the support of some enlightened men of our nation I studied for some years — not indeed with any plan but merely to satisfy my thirst for knowledge .
But as our nation is unable to use , not only such planless studies , but even those based on the most perfect plan , it cannot be blamed for becoming tired of them , and pronouncing their encouragement to be useless .
I have therefore resolved , in order to secure temporal as well as eternal happiness , which depends on the attainment of perfection , and in order to become useful to myself as well as others , to embrace the Christian religion .
True to the vision of the man who founded their sect , the Lutherans never had a clear understanding of the relationship between faith and reason , and so passages like following were bound to cause problems :
The Jewish religion , it is true , comes , in its articles of faith , nearer to reason than Christianity .
But in practical use the latter has an advantage over the former ; and since morality , which consists not in opinions but in actions , is the aim of all religion , clearly the latter comes nearer than the former to this aim .
Moreover , I esteem the mysteries of the Christian religion for that which they are , that is allegorical representations of the truths that are most important to man .
This I make my faith in them harmonize with reason , but I cannot believe them literally .
I beg therefore most respectfully an answer to the question , whether after this confession I am worthy of the Christian religion or not .
If I am , I am prepared to carry my proposal into effect ; but if not , I must give up all claim to a religion which enjoins me to lie , that is , to deliver a confession of faith which contradicts my reason .
( p. 127 ) .
If the Lutheran pastor was handicapped by the exaggeration of faith bequeathed to him by Luther , Maimon was equally handicapped by the truncated form of reason he derived from the Enlightenment .
As a result , Maimon ’s conversion to Christianity never happened .
In addition to impugning Maimon ’s motives ( “ your intention is to embrace the Christian religion merely in order to improve your temporal circumstances ? ” the Lutheran pastor misunderstood the relationship between faith and reason , claiming that Maimon was “ too much of a philosopher to be able to become a Christian .
Reason has taken the upper hand with you , and faith must accommodate itself to reason ” ( p. 128 ) .
As a result of this rebuff , Maimon concluded that “ I must therefore remain what I am — a stiff - necked Jew .
My religion enjoins me to believe nothing , but to think the truth and practice goodness .
. . .
With this I bade the pastor goodbye . ”
Ultimately , Maimon fared no better with the Enlightened Jews of Berlin because , as he put it ,
The Jewish nation is , apart from accidental modifications , a perpetual aristocracy under the guise of a theocracy .
The learned men , who form the nobility in the nation , have been able , for many centuries , to maintain their position as the legislative body with so much authority among the common people , that they can do with them whatever they please .
( p. 147 ) .
Like Solomon Maimon , Nathanael Kapner had to leave home in order to escape from the rabbis ’ power over him .
In Kapner ’s case , it was n’t to Berlin that he fled , as Maimon had in the 1780s ; it was to Los Angeles , where he began his undergraduate studies in 1968 :
I finally left my home and synagogue to go to college in Los Angeles in 1968 .
But I forgot about my promise .
It was n’t until 1970 that one of the Jesus Freaks , who were very popular at that time , gave me a New Testament .
I opened it up and started reading the Gospel of St Matthew .
I was struck by the “ Jewishness ” of the writing .
And I soon found myself captivated by the person of Jesus Christ !
He was a man who rubbed shoulders with the common people .
He was a man who taught the people from every - day life experiences .
And what I liked most of all about Him was when He said to the religious leaders , “ The harlots and tax collectors go into the kingdom of heaven before you . ”
I could almost see Him saying this to Mrs Schecter , who called Him a “ criminal . ”
I simply found myself falling in love with Jesus Christ !
I devoured the entire New Testament from cover to cover and could not put it down .
I did read about the sufferings of Jesus Christ , and it made me cry .
And I did read the ‘ crazed writings ’ of St Paul and knew that there was nothing ‘ crazed ’ about it at all — but were words of hope and purpose .
I said to myself , “ Judaism is bankrupt .
But the Christian message is full of promise and life . ”
When I finished the last Chapter of the Book of Revelations , now at the age of 21 , I got down on my knees , wept , and asked Jesus Christ to forgive all my sins and be my Saviour .
Soon afterward I met an old pious woman at a Church gathering who came up to me and said , “ God has so much for you and so much for you to do . ”
Like a cryptic oracle , long awaiting its coming , I am just beginning , 37 years later , to see this prophecy come true .
As someone who had significant input in the composition of Fides et Ratio and the heir of the Apostles , Joseph Ratzinger , both as bishop and pope , would seem to have an advantage over the poor Lutheran Pastor who turned Solomon Maimun , and yet if not hampered by a defective understanding of the relationship between faith and reason , the pope seems equally hampered by a desire to engage in dialogue with the rabbis , whom virtually all Jewish converts see as oppressors of the Jewish people .
In his visit to the synagogue of Rome in January 2010 , the pope cited Vatican II as the theological justification for his visit , claiming that
The teaching of the Second Vatican Council has represented for Catholics a clear landmark to which constant reference is made in our attitude and our relations with the Jewish people , marking a new and significant stage .
The Council gave a strong impetus to our irrevocable commitment to pursue the path of dialogue , fraternity and friendship , a journey which has been deepened and developed in the last forty years , through important steps and significant gestures .
As we have come to expect from meetings like this , what he said may have seemed supine and groveling to Catholics , but it was never enough to placate or mollify the stiff - necked rabbis , who continued to harp on Pope Pius XII , expecting — if not demanding — that Pope Benedict denounce him as a war criminal .
The pope went on to add that , “ I too , in the course of my Pontificate , have wanted to demonstrate my closeness to and my affection for the people of the Covenant . ”
But that overture met with an equally cold response .
By now it should be obvious that trying to placate rabbis is a hopeless task .
But worse than that , in his efforts to placate the rabbis , the pope is turning his back on the Nathanael Kapners , and Solomon Maimons , and — who knows ?
— Jews like the Coen Brothers , who see the rabbis as the oppressors of the Jewish people .
Progress in Catholic - Jewish dialogue is another word for suppression of the truth .
Dialogue with the rabbis means collaboration with the forces who are determined to keep Jews ignorant of Christ .
In his meeting with the rabbis at the synagogue in Rome in January , the pope attempted to find common ground in the Ten Commandments , because
The " Ten Commandments " call us to preserve and to promote the sanctity of the family , in which the personal and reciprocal , faithful and definitive " Yes " of man and woman makes room for the future , for the authentic humanity of each , and makes them open , at the same time , to the gift of new life .
To witness that the family continues to be the essential cell of society and the basic environment in which human virtues are learned and practised is a precious service offered in the construction of a world with a more human face .
The sentiments are noble enough , but the pope ’s statement ignores the role which the rabbis have played in promoting divorce , both at the time of Christ and in 2010 , and in the intervening period as well .
Like Larry Gopnik ’s wife , Solomon Maimun ’s wife wanted a divorce , and both Mrs. Gopnik and Mrs. Maimon discovered that the best place to go for assistance in getting one is to the rabbis .
Maimon was reluctant to grant the divorce , but , as he puts it , “ my wife went with my son to consult some orthodox Jews , whose advice she thought she could trust and they recommended her to press at once for a divorce , and on no account to let my son remain with me . ”
So much for rabbis supporting “ the sanctity of the family . ”
When Maimon refused to go through with the divorce , “ the presiding judge became furious , began to call me names , pronounced me a damnable heretic , and cursed me in the name of the Lord ” ( p. 142 ) .
Before this travesty continues any further , the pope should sit down with his advisers and analyze the possible out comes of any future visits to synagogues and , along with that , the future of Catholic Jewish dialogue in general .
As Woody Hayes used to say , three things can happen when you pass the ball , and two of them are bad .
The odds involving the outcome of Catholic Jewish dialogue are similar .
The pope has indicated his concern for the Jewish people .
If that is the case , why does he insist on speaking exclusively to rabbis ?
In what sense do they represent the interests of the Jewish people .
If the testimony of Solomon Maimun , Nathanael Kapner , and the Coen brothers means anything , the rabbis are the oppressors of the Jewish people , not representatives of their interests .
By entering into dialogue with the rabbis , the pope is turning his back on Jews like Nathanael Kaplan .
If he doubts my word on this , the pope would do well to consult no less an authority than Abe Foxman , head of the ADL , who informed the American bishops , after their repudiation of the Keeler Statement , that dialogue and conversion were mutually exclusive alternatives .
It ’s difficult to disagree with Foxman .
But if that ’s the case , which path is the pope going to chose ?
If he continues down the path of dialogue , he will willy nilly deny the Gospel by refusing to preach it to Jews like Larry Gopnik because giving up the conversion option is the condition sine qua non of dialogue .
If the pope chooses both dialogue with the rabbis and proselytism with the less important Jews , he runs the risk of being seen as a hypocrite .
The church cannot deny the Gospel , and she cannot tolerate double standards .
The only viable option for the pope is the option exercises by the first pope , St. Peter , who told the Jews in Jerusalem , “ Jesus the Nazarene was a man commended to you by God. . . .
You killed him , but God raised him to life . ”
“ Cut to the heart ” by what Peter said , the Jews asked Peter and the Apostles , “ what must we do , brothers ? ”
To which , Peter replied , “ You must repent , and every one of you must be baptized . ”
Catholic / Jewish dialogue has become an empty ritual disconnected from both the reality which the Jewish people are forced to live under their despotic rabbis and the reality of the Catholic faith .
It has become an idol , the worship of which is forbidden by the first commandment .
It is another religion , one that undermines the clear testimony of the Gospel and delivers the great majority of the Jewish people into the hands of their oppressors .
Adding insult to injury , the pope went on to claim that one of the fruits of Catholic - Jewish dialogue was " a renewed respect for the Jewish interpretation of the Old Testament . "
A Serious Man is a work of fiction , but fiction in order to be compelling has to tell the truth .
And the truth it told about the rabbis is that the Jewish interpretation of the Old Testament is conspicuous by its absence when it comes to counseling the Larry Gopniks of this world .
Larry could have profited by reading the book of Job , but none of the rabbis felt it was relevant to his situation .
If they had , they would have mentioned it .
In this regard , the Second Vatican Council ’s decree on the means of social communication , Inter Mirifica , might provide a helpful complement to Nostra Aetate , the Vatican II document on the Jews .
The pope should take to heart the Council ’s praise of “ new avenues of easy communication of all kinds of news , of ideas , and orientations . ”
Inter Mirifica goes on to claim that the cinema , “ if ... properly used ... can be of considerable benefit to mankind . ”
So , if next year this time , the pope feels tempted to submit himself and the Church he represents to more abuse from the rabbis by visiting another synagogue , he should think twice .
Rather than inflict more damage on the Larry Gopniks and Nathanael Kapners of the world , he should give Walter Cardinal Kasper a call , and the two of them should watch A Serious Man instead .
E. Michael Jones is the editor of Culture Wars .
This article was published in the June 2010 issue of Culture Wars .
California voters have a chance on this November 's ballot to bring common sense to law enforcement by legalizing marijuana for adults .
As San Jose 's retired chief of police and a cop with 35 years experience on the front lines in the war on marijuana , I 'm voting yes .
I 've seen the prohibition 's terrible impact at close range .
Like an increasing number of law enforcers , I have learned that most bad things about marijuana - especially the violence made inevitable by an obscenely profitable black market - are caused by the prohibition , not by the plant .
Legal marijuana is long overdue , but leading up to November , wrongheaded opponents will implore Californians with the same old mistaken arguments to stay the course .
Prohibition advocates will promote fear , and they will ignore the vast bulk of law enforcement and medical experience on marijuana .
People should not be fooled by cannabis opponents ' appeal to prejudices and emotions when they argue :
-- Regulating cannabis
will result in an explosion
of use by young people .
On the contrary , pot smoking may decrease .
Experience and research show that the United States has among the world 's harshest marijuana laws , yet our consumption rate leads the world and is twice that of the Netherlands , where cannabis sales to adults have been allowed for decades .
Prohibition does n't keep marijuana away from young people .
Annual U.S. government surveys consistently show that more than 80 percent of teenagers say that marijuana is " easy " or " very easy " to obtain .
In a recent study from Columbia University , teenagers said it is easier to get illegal marijuana than age - regulated alcohol .
Under today 's laws , pot -dealing criminals getting rich on marijuana Prohibition do n't ask for ID , but licensed dealers selling alcohol do .
-- Legalizing marijuana
will just add one more harmful legal substance to the mix .
Marijuana is already in the mix .
No one can dispute that marijuana already is widely available .
At least 1 in 10 Californians consumed it in the past year , despite expensive government efforts .
The November ballot 's Proposition 19 : The Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 acknowledges this reality and enables us to manage the cannabis market .
Furthermore , taxing legal cannabis sales will provide steady funding for local governments that may help avoid layoffs of police and teachers .
-- Drug gangs will keep selling marijuana
even under legalization .
Silly .
Who would buy pot on dangerous streets if they could get it at regulated stores without unsafe impurities ?
Al Capone and his rivals made machine - gun battles a staple of 1920s city street life when they fought to control the illegal alcohol market .
No one today shoots up the local neighborhood to compete in the beer market .
The federal Drug Enforcement Administration estimates that Mexican cartels derive more than 60 percent of their profits from marijuana .
How much did the cartels make last year dealing in Budweiser , Corona or Dos Equis ?
Legalization would seriously cripple their operations .
With more than 20,000 people in Mexico killed in the past three years in drug turf battles , which are spreading north of the border , undercutting the cartels is an urgent priority for both Mexicans ' and Americans ' safety .
-- More people will drive stoned and will go to work high .
The initiative makes clear that driving while impaired will remain illegal and punishable .
Plus , after we end prohibition , law enforcers like me will no longer be distracted making small - time busts .
Communities are n't terrified by pot smokers .
When we stop wasting resources on processing hundreds of thousands of low - level possession cases , we 'll be able to focus on keeping impaired drivers off the road , to concentrate on violent crime and on making people feel they and their children are safe from random gang and drug - related shootings .
At work , employers will retain their rights to fire employees whose drug or alcohol use affects their productivity .
The same professional politicians who recklessly caused huge budget deficits predictably are taking an irresponsible position of opposing the " evil " of cannabis legalization , just as they opposed California voters ' decision a decade ago to legalize medical marijuana .
The California Police Chiefs Association , of which I have been a member for 34 years , is also in opposition .
Personally , I have never even smoked a cigarette , let alone taken a hit from a bong , and while I have great respect for the police chiefs , I would n't want to live in a country where it is a crime to behave contrary to the way cops think we should .
That perhaps brings up the most significant and least considered cost of criminalizing marijuana - turning people into criminals for behavior of which we disapprove , even though it does n't take others ' property or endanger their safety .
It is worth remembering that our last three presidents , Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama , would have been stigmatized for life and never would have become presidents if they had been in the wrong place at the wrong time and been busted for pot during their reckless youthful days .
Countless other Americans were n't so lucky .
California voters have an opportunity in November to return reason to our state by decriminalizing adult use of marijuana .
Published : October 8 , 1997
When the world is being attacked by aliens from Venus , or the sinister Gorilla Grodd turns everyone into apes , or if an alternate - universe Superman begins a crime spree , you can count on one thing :
The Superfriends will fly to the rescue .
The Invisible Jet and the Bat - Plane will soar in , with Superman , and the Flash flying close behind and ..... wait one second ...
The most important exposé you will read this year
by Kevin Hines
No , the Flash can not fly .
Yet , fly he did .
The other day I was watching an episode of the Superfriends on the fabulous Cartoon Network .
The Legion of Doom had come up with yet another implausible plan ( most likely involving time travel ) , and the Superfriends had begun to take action .
Superman flew off , followed by Black Lightning and then the Bat - Jet .
Next thing I knew , it happened .
The Flash took off and flew right into the sky behind the Bat - Jet .
The Hall of Justice
... but not , it seems , of truth .
I was furious !*
The Superfriends is constantly riddled with mistakes , most of which I do n't mind .
Batman 's lips may move while Wonder Woman talks , or Aquaman 's hair may change colors for a short time , but these are simple technical errors .
The Flash flew directly towards the screen .
This error could not be caused by poor editing or rushed animation .
He did n't run in the sky , and it was n't Green Lantern miscolored with a red outfit .
No , the Flash put his hands forward and legs together and without even an " up up and away " he had taken flight .
It was n't even a one - time mistake .
In another show , the Flash flies to the top of the Brooklyn Bridge , grabs the cables and soars over to tie up a toppling skyscraper .
Sure , this foiled Captain Cold 's evil plan , but the Flash could have just run up the bridge .
Apache Chief
When it comes to height ,
he has no reservations .
The writer of this episode actually beleived the Flash could fly .
Ridiculous !
He did n't give Robin toxic breath , and he was able to keep all of El Dorado 's ridiculous powers straight .
What 's so difficult about the Flash ?
There is no super hero more simple to understand than the Flash .
The Flash runs fast .
Thats it .
No laser vision , no mental telepathy , no teleportation , no shape changing .
One power .
He runs .
He does n't even have a magic lasso or utility belt .
The other charcters were executed correctly .
For instance , Apache Chief never left the ground , and Bizarro never spoke in complete sentences .
Even the Wonder Twins are more complicated , but I never once saw Zan turn into a non-water based object .
If the writer knew enough to do all that , how demanding is it to remember the Flash can't fly ?
The Wonder Twins
" We need to catch the Flash when he falls !
Form of an ice - net ! " I do n't ask much .
I do n't complain when Darkseid defeats 12 superheroes with two laser blasts but runs in terror at the sight of Superman .
I do n't complain when Lex Luthor calls the team " The Super - Fools " for the eighth time in the episode , yet still finds his joke amusing , and I do n't even complain when Marvin claims he is Super - Marv just because he is wearing a cape .
Any cartoon that can teach me how to make a bank from a milk carton or warn me to never swim without a buddy should be able to handle the Flash .
The Flash runs fast .
That 's it .
Kevin Hines is a regular contributor for Spite Magazine .
Among his extensive comic book collection , one of his favorites was called " Groo . "
TOKYO — Japan moved to secure its role in the global , civil nuclear sector Tuesday by setting up a government - backed organization to promote Japanese technology and fight off competition for multibillion - dollar contracts from rivals such as South Korea .
Six companies — Tokyo Electric Power Co. , Chubu Electric Power Co. , Kansai Electric Power Co. , Toshiba Corp. , Hitachi Ltd. , and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. — said Tuesday that they have set up a preparatory organization to sell nuclear - power - plant construction and operation technologies overseas .
" This is the first , important step toward promoting Japan 's nuclear - power technologies in emerging countries by private - and public - sector cooperation , " said Masayuki Naoshima , Japan 's Minister of Economy , Trade and Industry , following the joint announcement .
The Japanese government has n't disclosed the value of its planned investment in the group .
Former Chicago Blackhawks winger Andrew Ladd avoided salary arbitration with the Atlanta Thrashers , signing a one - year deal for $ 2.35 million .
Ladd , 24 , made $ 1.6 million playing for the Blackhawks last season , but he was part of a cost - cutting offseason by general manager Stan Bowman .
The left winger joins former Blackhawks forward Ben Eager as Thrashers players to avoid arbitration .
Eager agreed to a one - year deal worth $ 965,000 .
Ladd scored 17 goals and had 21 assists while helping lead the Blackhawks to the Stanley Cup .
He also won a Stanley Cup while with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2006 .
Jesse Rogers covers the Blackhawks for ESPNChicago.com and ESPN 1000 .
The Associated Press contributed information to this report .
Russia 's blogosphere reacted with anger today after a regional court banned YouTube because it carried a single video containing " extremist " content .
The court in Komsomolsk - on - Amur in Khabarovsk region in the Russian far east ordered Rosnet , a local internet provider , to block YouTube as well as three online libraries and a website that archives deleted web pages .
The regional ban was made because YouTube hosted Russia For Russians , an ultra-nationalist video which was added to the justice ministry 's federal list of banned extremist materials after a separate court decision in Samara region in November .
The other four sites – Web.archives.org , Lib.rus.ec , Thelib.ru and Zhurnal .ru – all carried copies of Hitler 's Mein Kampf .
Anton Nosik , Russia 's leading internet guru , condemned the decision .
" The level of crassness in this court ruling is typical of legal proceedings concerning the internet in Russia , " he said .
Google , the owner of YouTube , said the ruling violated Russians ' constitutional right to freedom of information .
Many bloggers also decried the ban , warning it could be a slippery slope to tighter censorship across the country .
" I can imagine it now , " wrote Ghost82 on LiveJournal .
" Russia in 2015 , YouTube is banned everywhere .
In search of a gulp of air , people travel to the border with Georgia where they will sit with their laptops and pay unimaginable sums to connect to the internet via powerful Wi-Fi transmitters for a taste of depraved western civilisation . "
Alexander tweeted on RuTvit : " YouTube has been given to understand that Russia , Pakistan and North Korea have much in common . "
An engineer with Rosnet said the company had suggested prosecutors should contact the portals concerned directly to request they take down the offensive material , rather than issuing a blanket ban .
" They [ prosecutors ] remained deaf to these pleas , " he told the Gazeta .ru news website .
Rosnet is appealing the ruling .
While television is tightly controlled by the state , Russia 's soft authoritarian government has so far done little to rein in the internet .
Social media and blogging sites are popular and provide a vital outlet for opposition and civil movements .
However , a package of laws to be reviewed by parliament in October could give the security services new powers to close down sites at short notice .
The YouTube ruling is likely to be an embarrassment for President Dmitry Medvedev , who recently launched his own channel on the video - sharing site .
Other countries that have banned YouTube include China , Pakistan , Turky and Iran .
The long dark journey through the " Boots " Del Biaggio saga might finally be coming to an end for the Nashville Predators , according to a report in the Nashville Business Journal today :
Del Biaggio's 27 percent stake in the team has been in dispute since the San Jose , Calif. , financier declared bankruptcy in 2008 .
He later was convicted of fraud and is serving time in a California prison .
In a March interview with the Nashville Business Journal , Predators Chairman Tom Cigarran said resolving the matter was one of his top priorities , and one of the reasons the team was looking to raise money .
...
At a meeting of the Metro Sports Authority today , team officials said they are close to a deal with the bankruptcy trustee but did not reveal any details .
No action was taken by the sports authority today , but Chairman J.D. Elliott said a special meeting will be called to approve the deal once it is finalized .
Officials have not said how much the Predators will pay or whether the stake will be assumed by new or existing members of the ownership group .
The Del Biaggio issue has hung over the ownership group like a lingering cloud , as a significant portion of the team has sat in the hands of a bankruptcy trustee for two years now .
Cigarran had hinted during the Skate of the Union panel discussion that an announcement was coming soon regarding the ownership group , and here 's the video courtesy of Preds On The Glass .
Jump to the 5:35 mark for the relevant stuff :
Canadian entrepreneur W. Brett Wilson has long been talked about as a potential minority stakeholder , and has acknowledged in the past that this specific issue has held things up .
If the Preds can indeed bring in new partners and reduce the debt load they have to carry , that 's probably the single biggest boost to their profit / loss bottom line that they can make .
Benefits of Dehydration
Dehydrating your own backpacking meals is a great way to add variety to your backpacking menu , save money , and eat a healthy diet .
But those benefits aside , I ’ve found that dehydrated food help with backpack volume reduction , weight reduction , and fuel savings .
The fact is that dehydrated foods take up much less volume in your backpack .
The weight of that food is also important of course , but if you need more volume , you ’ll need a larger heavier backpack .
Weight reduction comes for free when you dehydrate most foods .
Drying a cantaloupe , mashed sweet potatoes , canned beans , and other frozen or fresh vegetables yields unbelievable weight reductions because they ’re mostly water .
However , you derive a negligible weight benefit by drying cooked grains or pasta .
For these foods , your savings come from reduced fuel , since you dehydrate these after cooking them .
Not having to boil pasta for 10 minutes can save you fuel weight , since all you have to do is to re-hydrate it in a cozy , fbc - style with hot water .
Anatomy of a Dehydrator ( L’Equip 528 )
The L’Equip 528 Dehydrator is the Mercedes Benz of the dehydrator world , yet it ’s surprisingly affordable ( $ 125 ) .
It ’s easy to use , fairly quiet , and elegantly designed .
It also has a 12 year warranty .
That alone makes this product stand out .
I purchased mine on Amazon , but you can also find them in many cooking retail stores .
This is the first food dehydrator I ’ve owned .
I purchased it on the advice of Sarah Kirkconnell , author of Freezer Bag Cooking .
She has a great post called Dehyrdrating 101 that I suggest you read before diving in .
This dehydrator ’s design is pretty simple .
There ’s a base containing a motor , fan and 550 watt heating element .
The drying temperature can be set from 93 degrees ( F ) to 158 degrees using a rotating dial on the exterior of the base .
The base model comes with 6 drying trays that are 17 inches long by 11 inches wide and provide up to 12 square feet of drying space .
Additional trays , up to 20 , can be stacked on one base unit , and are available for purchase separately .
Each tray comes with an additional fine meshed screen that prevents smaller foods from dropping to the lower level as they dry and shrink .
In addition , the base model comes with two clear trays for making fruit roll - ups or drying extremely wet foods .
These can also be purchased separately , but you can also use silconized parchment paper instead .
All of these components should be washed by hand and are not rated dishwater safe , but dried - on food is easy to soak off and cleanup between batches is pretty simple .
Practical Tips
Here are a few tips to using the L’Euip that I can pass a long :
If you ’re drying a wet food , like spaghetti , mashed sweet potatoes , or fruit , it ’s best to dry it in two stages .
In stage 1 , line your trays with silconized parchment paper and put the food on it .
Make sure to leave some space at the end of each tray for the hot air to flow up and between trays .
After the pasta hardens up , remove it from the parchment paper and dry it directly on the mesh tray liners supplied by L’Equip .
This will speed up the time it takes to dry the pasta and ensure that it ’s properly dried all the way through .
If you plan on eating spaghetti sauce with pasta , mix them together before drying .
When re-hydrated you ’ll have a better outcome since each piece of pasta will be covered in sauce .
Rehydrating bark ( pumpkin bark , shown here ) produces a better , more uniform substance , if you pulverize it in a blender after dehydrating it on parchment paper .
Dry as shown here , then peel off and transfer to a blender .
Do n’t store it too long before use or it will solidify into a hard lump .
More Advice
Drying your food takes a lot of work and over time you ’ll figure out that some unprepared or commodity foods are easier purchased than made at home .
For example , Harmony House and Packit Gourmet provide an extensive and affordable selection of pre-dried fruit , vegetables , and textured vegetable protein .
You still need to combine the ingredients into recipes and prepared meals , but if you ’re in a rush or do n’t have the time to prepare base ingredients , these folks provide a much needed shortcut .
I hope this post was useful .
If you have any advice or comments about dehydrating your own food , please leave a comment below .
Written July , 2009 .
Revised March 2013 .
Disclosure :
The author owns this product and purchased it using their own funds .
Most Popular Searches
One day , a Republican operative offers $ 100 to anyone who'll punch me in the nose .
The next day , I get a death threat .
After Fox News spewed its usual clownish hatred about me yesterday , my office received a call .
The caller told our receptionist - a young intern - that " 10 people are going to kill the Congressman within 24 hours . "
We gave the information to the Capitol Police ; they are investigating .
Fox .
You'd think that they would have learned their lesson after Dr. George Tiller was killed .
And they did learn a lesson : a lesson in killing .
And why ?
Because I told the truth : the truth that by stalling on unemployment insurance , right - wingers revealed themselves to be heartless , selfish wretches , who have been taking food out of the mouths of children .
Texas looks to take the lead on protection from future oil spills and energy safety
Texas Governor Rick Perry announced the formation of a coalition of energy and environmental scientists , policy experts , academic researchers and state officials called the Gulf Project .
The coalition will be tasked with making recommendations on designing safeguards to ensure that the state can respond effectively to the current spill and will never be vulnerable to a disaster like the Deepwater Horizon oil spill again .
During the early stages , the coalition will be joined by several universities including the University of Texas , Texas A&M University , the University of Houston , Rice University , Texas Tech University , and Southern Methodist University .
Other universities may join as the Gulf Project gets up and running .
Researchers from the Research Partnership to Secure Energy for America ( RPSEA ) , Texas General Land Office and Texas Railroad Commission are also participating .
Currently , the energy industry cannot test full drilling systems to determine their safety or create road - tested response plans for disasters like Deepwater Horizon .
Determining ways to address and overcome these challenges are going to be some of the first focus areas of the Gulf Project .
Right now , other nations including the United Kingdom , Norway , and Brazil are competing to develop a seafloor testing facility .
The universities and organizations included in the first stage of the Gulf Project have established track records in oil and gas drilling research , some even have their own dedicated facilities .
However , none of them have the ability to test a full drilling system in deep sea conditions .
The Johnson Space Center , however , does have the ability to test current and next generation equipment and the Gulf Project will be looking at ways they might be able to use their researchers and facilities .
In Texas , the energy industry is responsible for 20 % of the nation ’s oil production , a quarter of natural gas production and refining capacity as well as more than half of the nation ’s chemical manufacturing .
Governor Perry says that Texas is critical to providing reliable energy to the country and in order to maintain that role these critical safety questions must be addressed .
“ To keep our status as the energy capital of the nation and preserve our environment , jobs and economy , Texas must become the world leader in developing the next generation in offshore oil exploration safety and response , ” Gov. Perry said .
“ The Gulf Project is an unprecedented collaboration of the state ’s top scientists , engineers and researchers , focused on protecting our residents , environment and economy , and solving the unique challenges presented by the next generation of domestic energy exploration and production . ”
Critics have had harsh words for those tasked with preparing the nation for disasters like Deepwater Horizon .
Now , as states and federal agencies look for ways to fill the gaps , remove corruption and reform procedures some are saying it may be too little too late .
Reports emerged yesterday of the high numbers of abandoned oil wells that litter the sea floor in the Gulf of Mexico , which may pose a significant environmental threat .
Additionally , no consensus can be found within the Gulf states or at the federal level about what to do in terms of regulation or environmental procedures .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal included the creation of sand berms as part of his protection plan , a measure which many scientists say may cause more harm then good .
As CivSource reported in June , Florida is trying to acquire more skimmers to respond to the current spill while also looking at ways to protect the Florida Keys should the weather conditions or sea currents change .
Further up the east coast , states like Maryland are also revisiting their disaster response plans .
In his announcement speech , Governor Perry sought to position Texas as the leader in this conversation via the Gulf Project , “ we ’re perfectly suited to lead the effort into improving safety and reliability in our continued quest for new and better sources of energy . ”
A well known iPhone hacker by the name of " comex " has managed to port the Flash runtime for the Android OS to the iPad .
In order to use this , your iPad must be jailbroken , and after that its as simple installing " Frash " ( flash for the iPad ) , opening Safari and playing any Flash content you want .
Here 's a video of Flash running on the iPad :
Frash is a port of the Adobe Flash runtime for Android to the iPhone , using a compatibility layer , by comex ( http://twitter.com/comex ) .
Frash can currently run most Flash programs natively in the MobileSafari browser .
Frash currently only runs on the iPad , but support for other devices ( 3GS + only due to technical restrictions ) is planned , as well as support for iOS 4 .
A release is planned for when Frash is stable .
Developers are welcome to join the effort at http://github.com/comex/frash – fork it and send a pull request with your patches .
Source
Darth Vader must either be down on his luck or trying to gather funds for another Death Star , because he was last seen robbing a bank in Long Island , New York .
Here 's what the poor bank teller faced :
Advertisement
Scary , no ?
I mean , what on earth do you do if you glance up to see a 6 feet , 2 inches tall Sith Lord sporting camouflage pants and a blue cape ?
Do you even wait for him to flash his gun or do you just fork over the cash before he Force chokes you ?
[ WPIX via Gothamist ]
Let us introduce ourselves and our little project Landit Bandit which will be “ landing ” on the PlayStation Store on July 13th for $ 9.99 .
We are five gamers , commonly known as “ The Bearded Ladies , ” that have been lucky enough ( or mad enough ! ) to live our dream of making a game for the PS3 .
We never gave the low odds of success a second thought — and that ’s just as good as we ( two programmers from the auto industry , a janitor , a liquor store salesman , an expedition leader from Nepal ) would never have made a PS3 game .
We ’ve included a picture so you know what you are dealing with here .
The game , Landit Bandit , is a wacky 3D helicopter adventure that pays homage to several old classics such as Ugh ! and Crazy Taxi .
The controls are intuitive and resemble Moonlander in 3D , but are deep enough to have you playing for hours to master them .
The game is aimed at anyone that enjoys flight games or physics - based games in general , or anyone that wants to play something different … ’ cause we are confident you have not played anything like this before .
One of our goals was to vary the way the game is played , but keep the flight basics at the core of each level .
We achieved this by both using the physics of the surroundings and even more by the fact that you gain abilities by picking up “ wing men . ”
The wing men alter the ways you can control your helicopter and give you new opportunities to shave seconds of that online high score .
Since we are big fans of split - screen gaming , Landit Bandit features both drop - in co-op as well as six different split - screen duels .
Check out the preview trailer , read a full review , and go to www.landitbandit.com for more info .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Wednesday the U.S. economic recovery was on a solid footing but cautioned it could be years before the jobs lost during the deep recession of 2008 - 2009 are restored .
Chicago Federal Reserve Bank President Charles Evans attend a dinner function at a hotel in Hong Kong March 30 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Tyrone Siu
While Bernanke said the economy had made an “ important transition ” to relying less on government support , his emphasis on the struggles of the U.S. jobs market suggested the central bank was in no rush to raise interest rates .
“ A significant amount of time will be required to restore the nearly 8 - 1/ 2 million jobs that were lost over 2008 and 2009 , ” he told the House of Representatives Budget Committee .
“ In this environment , inflation is likely to remain subdued . ”
U.S. stocks rose for most of the session , partly on Bernanke ’s optimism , but gains slipped late in the session and stocks were lower heading into the close .
Bernanke said the economic recovery ’s reliance on government spending would probably diminish over time , while increasing private demand would take over the job of stimulating growth , as recent data showed .
That view was bolstered by a report from the Fed that said the economy strengthened last month , even as worries about Europe ’s debt crisis dented confidence .
“ Economic activity continued to improve since the last report across all twelve Federal Reserve districts , although many districts described the pace of growth as ‘ modest ’ , ” the Fed said in its Beige Book , an anecdotal report on economic conditions .
SLOW JOBS RECOVERY
Policymakers at the U.S. central bank will lean on the Beige Book at their next meeting on June 22 - 23 as they weigh how quickly they should move to withdraw economic support .
The Fed slashed short term interest rates to near zero and pumped more than $ 1 trillion into the financial system to pull the economy out of its worst recession since the 1930s .
It has vowed to hold borrowing costs exceptionally low for an extended period and most analysts do not expect rate rises until 2011 .
“ Concern No. 1 -- and it far outstrips everything else -- is the labor market ” Abby Joseph Cohen , president of Goldman Sachs ’ Global Market Institute , said at the Reuters Investment Outlook Summit in New York .
Bernanke told lawmakers weak housing and commercial property markets , and budget cutting by states , were among the “ significant restraints ” holding back the U.S. recovery , and he said the unemployment rate would only decline slowly .
In response to a question , he said gold prices , which hit an all - time high on Tuesday , could reflect anxiety about financial market instability rather than inflation worries .
Gold futures extended losses after Bernanke ’s comment .
Employers added 431,000 jobs in May but the lion ’s share of the hiring was for temporary government jobs to conduct the decennial census .
Only 41,000 private - sector jobs were created , raising concerns about the recovery ’s health .
Bernanke , however , appeared to play down the discouraging data , noting that private payrolls have risen by an average of 140,000 per month over the past three months .
The Fed expects monthly gains of 150,000 to 250,000 , he said .
EYES ON EUROPE
Bernanke said the Fed is keeping a close watch on the European debt crisis for any spillover to the U.S. economy .
Actions taken by European leaders show a firm commitment to calming strains and restoring stability , he said .
“ If markets continue to stabilize , then the effects of the crisis on economic growth in the United States seem likely to be modest , ” he said .
Another drag on the U.S. recovery is the housing market , which has faltered with the expiry of federal tax credits for buyers , Bernanke said .
Weekly mortgage loan data released on Wednesday showed mortgage applications slumping in the most recent week to a fresh 13 - year low .
Bernanke renewed his warning that as the U.S. population ages , government pension and health care obligations to retirees put the U.S. budget on an unsustainable path .
“ We should be planning now on how we meet these looming budgetary challenges , ” he said .
However , he said now was not the time to tighten the U.S. budget , because the economy was still in need of support .
The budget deficit hit $ 1.4 trillion last year and is projected at $ 1.6 trillion this year .
A Treasury Department report to Congress last week said the ratio of debt to gross domestic product could rise to 102 percent by 2015 from 93 percent this year .
President Barack Obama is demanding 5 percent budget cuts across many agencies as he seeks to show fiscal discipline while keeping the economic recovery on track .
After further review , Phil Jackson will be back .
A week after saying he was “ leaning toward retiring , ” the Lakers ’ coach said he would return for his 11th season with the franchise .
“ Count me in , ” Jackson said Thursday .
“ After a couple of weeks of deliberation , it is time to get back to the challenge of putting together a team that can defend its title in the 2010 - 11 season .
It ’ll be the last stand for me , and I hope a grand one . ”
Jackson , who will be 65 in September , retreated to his summer Montana home , cleared his mind and reached his decision with the help of some favorable medical news .
He seemed to be in his final days with the Lakers when he last met with media members on June 23 , saying he was concerned about his health and fatigued by the NBA ’s travel schedule .
Now , though , he ’ll have a chance to coach the Lakers to a third consecutive title , a move to be met with overwhelming approval by players who unilaterally stumped for him during interviews with reporters after their exit meetings .
Jackson received favorable news after undergoing a battery of medical tests that began four days after the Lakers won their 16th championship , skipping the team ’s championship parade in order to check his overall health .
He has had both hips replaced , has a sore knee , has kidney stones and had an angioplasty procedure to repair an artery in 2003 .
Among other things , his knee will not need to be replaced , which Jackson was relieved to hear .
A father of five grown children and a number of grandchildren , Jackson mentioned the importance of family when he said he was leaning toward retirement , saying he was starting to ponder “ how much time you have left to live , ” but ultimately deciding to coach at least one more season .
In the months leading up to the Lakers ’ 16th championship , he was coy in his decision - making process , never quite revealing which way he would go when his two - year , $ 23 - million contract expired June 30 .
After a 91-75 loss to Oklahoma City late in the regular season , he questioned a return while talking to The Times , saying that “ If [ players ] do n’t respond , you say , ‘ No , this is n’t the time for me to continue coaching . ’ ”
And yet , less than an hour after the Lakers defeated Boston to win their 16th championship , Jackson said “ it does improve my chances ” of returning .
A member of the Basketball Hall of Fame , Jackson is the longest - tenured coach in Lakers ’ history .
He has been the coach of 11 of the last 20 NBA champions , including six with the Chicago Bulls .
In 19 seasons as an NBA coach , Jackson has a record of 1,098 - 460 , good for a .705 winning percentage that is the best in league history .
mike.bresnahan@latimes.com
twitter.com/Mike_Bresnahan
It ’s Remember The Milk for Android update time , w00t !
Bob and the more human members of the team are continuing to work on improving the app , and today we ’re releasing version 1.3.0 ( codename : “ Trurl ” ) .
Auto - complete for Smart Add
There ’ll be no more hurting your brain trying to remember the Smart Add shortcuts ( # for tag , @ for location , etc ) .
It ’s now super fast to add tasks in the app with auto-completion for the Smart Add field .
When adding your task , just tap on one of the icons ( due date , priority , etc ) below the ‘ Add Task ’ bar .
You ’ll then see a list of quick options you can tap , such as common due dates or tags you ’ve created .
You can also start typing to filter the options ( e.g. , find your tags that start with “ p ” ) , or enter something that ’s not in the list .
Smarter auto-syncing
No more waiting around for auto - sync !
Until now , if you opened the app to just quickly add or complete a task , you either needed to wait for the auto - sync to happen ( about every 5 minutes ) or start a manual sync to make sure that your changes were synced with Remember The Milk .
With smarter auto - syncing , the app will wait several seconds after you ’ve made a change , then automatically begin syncing with Remember The Milk .
Yay !
Bug fixes and enhancements
We ’ve also taken the opportunity to include some other small enhancements and fixes in this release :
Updated widget styles for Android 2.0 + .
Tasks now repeat correctly after a repeating task is deleted and the ' Continue Repeating ’ option selected .
Searches / Smart List criteria containing the OR NOT operators now return the correct results .
operators now return the correct results .
Time estimates when the device language is not English are now interpreted correctly .
Smart
Add now uses the default list setting when adding tasks .
Fixed issues related to saving note changes .
Empty Smart Lists now show a count of ' 0 ’ instead of ' smart ’ .
Searches for completed tasks now default to the completed task view .
^never is now recognized in Smart Add if the Default Due Date option is ' Today ’ .
is now recognized in Smart Add if the Default Due Date option is ' Today ’ .
due : never is now inherited in a Smart List if the Default Due Date option is ' Today ’ .
is now inherited in a Smart List if the Default Due Date option is ' Today ’ .
Fixed issue with text in Add Task bar disappearing when accidentally touching outside the field .
Fixed issue with due date display in some widgets .
New trials for everyone ( even monkeys )
The app is available as a free download on the Android Market for Pro users .
If you do n’t have a Pro account yet , you can get a 15 day free trial by downloading the app .
With this update , we ’ve reset everyone ’s trials in our system … so everyone who ’s tried the app previously can now start a new 15 day trial to explore the latest features .
Why not give it another go today ? :)
Enjoy the updates !
We hope you like this latest app release !
Want to learn more about the app in general ?
Check out the Remember The Milk for Android section of the site .
WHEN I was in school a well - meaning teacher thought it would be an excellent idea to bus us teenage girls to a local prison each week to volunteer .
We tutored prisoners for the GED , an exam taken by people who drop out of secondary school .
It is widely regarded as a high school equivalent .
There exists a lot of evidence that completing high school increases life - time earnings .
So drop - outs are often encouraged to take the GED .
( There are many government programmes that subsidise preparation for the exam , especially for prison inmates . )
The GED has grown in popularity since its introduction nearly 70 years ago .
It now makes up about 12 % of high - school certifications .
But the GED is not really a high - school equivalent .
The performance of GED takers on a scholastic achievement test may be similar to someone who finished high school .
But according to a new paper , GED recipients do not earn more than drop - outs who do n't take the exam .
The GED takers do have higher rates of college matriculation , but most drop out after only one semester .
The problem is high school drop - outs tend to have less self - discipline , are more impulsive and have lower self - esteem and self - efficacy than people who finish high school .
A high - school equivalency exam does not fix these non-cognitive deficits .
You could argue that even if the GED does not really change labour - market outcomes , it provides a positive goal and imparts some sense of accomplishment to an at - risk population ( and let 's be honest , you have lots of free time when you 're in prison , so there exists only a small opportunity cost to preparation ) .
The inmates I worked with took pride in the exam , and passing it may have helped their self - esteem .
But the authors of the paper argue that the growth of the GED programme has actually been quite damaging .
First , it masks the extent of the educational disparity between blacks and whites .
If you do n't include GED takers in educational attainment measures , the high - school drop - out rate has not improved since the 1960s .
Counting GED recipients as high - school graduates also over - states the income benefits of college .
The authors of the paper contend the GED was sold as a quick fix , but does not address the real problem : America 's education system continues to fail poor , minority students .
Many of the characteristics that keep drop - outs from succeeding need to be addressed in early childhood and are caused by deeper social issues .
There 's also evidence that the very existence of the GED may encourage drop - outs , because people figure they can obtain an equivalency later .
But even if these complex problems were addressed , some people will fall through the cracks and be left without adequate training .
The inmates I worked with certainly had deeper issues , which explain why they were in prison in the first place .
Having a positive goal like the GED seemed useful , but I often wondered how studying biology could help them after release .
Perhaps focusing on vocational skills for drop - outs and prisoners would be a better use of their time and government resources .
That would not fix all their problems either , but providing them more applicable skills may save some future frustration and disappointment .
Kindra Arnesen is the wife of a Gulf fisherman and she 's been kicking butt on exposing BP abuses .
In this latest news , she 's discovered that BP is claiming is that if fishermen choose not to take part in the oil spill cleanup , BP will consider that as potential income declined and deduct it from their claims .
Kindra has previously talked about the serious health problems manifesting in those who have taken part in the cleanup .
In other words , if you did n't want to risk your health and expose yourself to their toxic waste , you 're going to suffer financially as a result .
But does n't BP have a pretty sunflower logo ?
Image caption Mr Lunan wants to remind people of the stone circle project
A local amateur astronomer and science writer is hoping to rejuvenate a stone circle in the shadows of Glasgow 's Sighthill tower blocks .
Duncan Lunan organised the construction of the circle more than 30 years ago to accurately mirror the rise and fall of the sun and moon over the city .
It was claimed to be the first authentically aligned stone circle built in Britain in about 3,000 years .
Construction stopped prematurely after the 1979 Tory general election victory .
Mr Lunan hopes the site can once again host equinox and solstice celebrations similar to those which occurred in Scotland until the 17th Century .
He conceded that although they do find evidence of fires and discarded bottles " whether they are observing the festivals is another matter " .
Unfinished work
There are still four stones hidden away on Broomhill in Sighthill Park .
Mr Lunan said : " Two were planned to be due east and west marking the sunrise and sunset at the equinoxes .
Image caption Efforts to erect the stones came to a halt towards the end of the 70s
" What we would like to do with the other two would be to put a plaque on them and explain why it is there , who built it and who it is dedicated to . "
The circle was built to honour four academics from Glasgow University .
According to Mr Lunan it was these Scottish thinkers , led by Professor Alexander Thom , who really " put the UK on the map " in the field of megalithic astronomy .
Mr Lunan would also like to restore the original stones to their correct height and put in a path for wheelchair access .
The cost of the works has been estimated to be about £ 30,000 .
Glasgow solar system
Building on this project , he hopes to scale the solar system to the city boundary using the Sighthill stone circle to represent the sun .
The plan would see stones representing Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars in Sighthill Park , Jupiter on Strathclyde University Campus , Saturn by the Science Centre , Uranus and Neptune on Maryhill Road and Pluto on Cathkin Braes .
Mr Lunan will be holding an illustrated talk on the Sighthill Stone Circle at the Ogilvie Centre , St Aloysius Church , Rose Street , Glasgow , at 1930 BST on Monday 21 June .
Following the talk there will be a visit to the circle for the midsummer sunset .
At the dawn of the 90’s nowhere was as important to skateboarding as the Bay Area .
In San Francisco the entire scene was centered around the downtown district known as The Embarcadero and specifically in Justin Herman Plaza .
Dubbed
The EMB by the locals and eventually the skate world it was the center of progression and emergence of modern street skating .
Coincidentally across the Bay in Oakland there was another revolution taking place , a Hip - Hop revolution .
The now legendary Hieroglyphics crew was taking form under the direction of Del the Funky Homosapien .
Eschewing the contemporary producing of the day Del and Hiero helped revitalize Bay Area Hip Hop by doing things on their own terms which culminated in the creation of their own independent label Hiero Imperium .
Of course two such like minded Iconoclastic forces in close proximity would be fated to eventually come together and in 1992 they did with the release of Plan B ’s groundbreaking Questionable Video .
Del ’s song Ahonetwo Ahonetwo was the track for Sal Barbier ’s part ( remember those red shoes ! ) and Burnt appeared in Mike Carrolls part but it didnt end there as many of these skate / music collaborations do .
In fact it was just the beginning of a career long involvement with the action sports world .
I remember seeing the whole Hiero crew here in SLC around 96 or 97 and many of them were sporting Dub Wear ( a snowboarding outerwear brand from DC founders Way and Block that predated DC outerwear ) .
I was recently able to ask Del a few questions about his , Hieros , and Hip - Hops long term involvement with not only PlanB but the action sports world in general .
When you broke onto the scene in the early 90s obviously there was no twitter , facebook , or wide spread internet usage .
How helpful was it for your young career to have a song in the classic Planb video , Questionable ?
Skateboarders , and snowboarders starting with Plan B’s Questionable set the foundation for us , after that video we started receiving major love from the skateboarders and snowboarders .
We could see it more and more at shows , as well getting more offers to rock snowboarding events as well as having music in snow / skate video games ( Tony hawk pro skater 3 , 8 and now Ea Skate 3 )
Do you think that event helped create a loyal fan base for you which in turn opened some doors that may have not been there so early in your career ?
It has most definitely opened doors , it solidified a base for us that MTV and our traditional record label marketing and promotion was n’t as tuned in to .
It ’s kept us solid and in the game as we went independent .
Also opportunities to be featured in the video games was big !
Skateboarding and Hip hop really have many similarities rooted in individual expression , the desire for flow , and rhythm .
Is this a big reason why there is such a bond between the two ?
Talking to my manager Bukue who ’s been skating since 1987 he was telling me that around the late 80 ’s early 90 ’s skateboard made a big transition from primarily a vert , ramp , socal based style , into a more urban , city , street skating style .
This meant that it also needed a new soundtrack , one that reflected the streets they were skating on , luckily we happened to be a part of that .
That ’s where it seems the biggest bond came from .
Skaters and Emcees are similar , you do have different styles and combinations of tricks , different flows and cadences for sure .
Does knowing that you have this firm fan base of people who are open to experimentation and new things give you a sense of confidence to step outside and do some different projects like 3030 and working with Gorillaz when you feel like it ?
Luckily for me I ’ve always made what I felt I wanted to .
I got to work with everyone from Ice Cube , to Dinosaur Jr. early in my career so people kinda expected something different from me anyways .
Lately though , we ’ve been focusing hard on the action sports , Skate / snow / bmx world .
Working directly with brands like , Skull candy , Red Bull , Arnette , Osiris and Plan B , we find we can really just have fun and do what we do cause they get it .
They are n’t concerned about “ who ’s hot ” and how things should sound .
They feel it and are open to new sounds , styles and deliveries .
So now theres a PlanB / Del collab board out .
Its come full circle , can you let the readers in on how that whole thing went down ?
Back to Bukue , he has always been skating and working steady to strengthen our bridge and availability to the skate scene .
One year he was skating at soundcheck and one of the folks in the crowd worked at syndrome dist ( where plan b was ) and asked him if we ’d like to roll through to the factory and get some gear .
We went through and they laced us up .
We kept rockin their gear and letting them know that we are down to cross promote , do music for em etc .
About a year later , it all clicked and we did the boards .
Now I ’m actually heading down to Socal next week to do some music with Danny Way .
He ’s a serious guitar player !
Now it ’s gone full circle around again , now more on a music level too .
Hopefully we ’ll be able to do more cross collabing , we feel their brand and their skaters .
Check out here for free Del downloads including his new album Funk Man as well as other cuts / collaborations .
Tracks and news for the Hiero crew can be found here .
Special thanks to Bukue for making this happen check out his stuff ( yes that IS Uprok Hip Hop store in SLC in the Writaz vid ) as well as more Del / Hiero news and tracks here .
Finally a few Special Edition Dell / PlanB boards are still available at FTC .
Tech Trends ' Jeff
Tate explains the new service that pairs insufferable Apple customers with " friends " that will listen to them rattle on for hours .
Advertisement
Every business owner knows that there are many risks involved in running a business .
The cause for financial losses coming from claims or compensation in any business are just downright frustrating .
However , these risks are always present in any business setting which is why it is best for any business to be financially protected from such by investing on financial protection in the form of commercial insurance .
If ever any eventualities occur where claims are made , depending on the coverage of your commercial insurance policy , your insurer will have you covered for any claims settlement reached .
Having insurance will always be the best protection you can have on any of the risks that can be involved in a business .
There are many different policies that provide coverage to a vast amount of potential issues that may occur .
There are even policies that cater to only particular business settings with which they possess the risk of liability , property damage , or compensation within their unique business environment .
Getting to avoid the risk of financial loss by means of commercial insurance protection gives the business reduced risk management .
If you are running a business , having the financial protection of a commercial insurance is definitely your safest way of avoiding unnecessary losses .
Even if you are only a small business , you can still benefit from the protection of a commercial insurance as you reduce any risk of costly financial loss that may result in your business ’ bankruptcy .
Calgary Commercial Insurance offers different types of commercial insurance .
There are commercial insurance policies available that are particularly catered for small businesses such as the Business Owner ’s Policy ( BOP ) .
This type of business insurance provides coverage on property and general liability , but only at a minimum .
Nevertheless , it still provides you with the necessary protection that may arise from such .
Getting a commercial insurance for your business can be tricky as there are certain declarations and other legal aspects involved that are required from you by the insurer .
This is essentially their way of assessing the risk they have involved in insuring you .
Having a high risk means that the premiums you need to pay are also high .
However , since insurance is more of an investment that protects your financial interests , getting it is logically the best investment you can make should any costly claims come knocking at your door .
Hubble is the gift that keeps on giving .
Check this jaw - dropping stunner :
Holy wow !
Click to embiggen , or go here to get a ginormous image .
This is an image of NGC 3603 , a vast cloud of gas and dust that is cranking out stars like no one 's business .
It 's one of the busiest stellar nurseries in our entire galaxy .
That cluster of stars in the center has thousands of newly - born stars in it , including one named NGC 3603A .
This bruiser is the most massive star ever to have its mass directly measured : it is a whopping 116 times heftier than the Sun .
That 's about as massive as a star can get without tearing itself apart !
But look to the upper right ; see that bright star centered in some blue - ish gas ?
I 've zoomed in on it here .
That star is Sher 25 , a massive B1a supergiant that is a ticking time bomb .
Sometime in the next 20,000 years -- and that 's a guarantee -- it'll blow , creating a supernova that will rival Venus for brightness !
I know this because the gas around it is a classic hourglass - shaped bipolar nebula , created as the star itself expels dense winds of its own material .
We 've seen this before : around the supernova SN 1987a .
Here 's a shot from Hubble of 87a ( click to embiggen this , too ) .
You can see the ring around the star , and the faint rings around it top and bottom .
It 's still not clear exactly how they formed , but it 's clear they 're from when the star was younger .
The rings around 87a can be dated to be about 20,000 years old -- that means the star made the rings and blew up 20,000 years later .
Sher 25 already has rings , and it's a bit hotter and more massive than the star that blew up in 1987 ... so it has no more than 20,000 years , and probably less , before it detonates as a tremendous supernova .
I 'll note it 's 20,000 light years away , so it 's no danger to Earth .
NGC 3603 is one of my favorite objects in the whole sky .
I studied SN87a for my PhD , and a few years back I was a referee on a paper about Sher 25 -- the only paper I ever professionally refereed .
All for the best , I 'm thinking .
Still , the nebulosity , the stars , Sher 25 -- altogether , this is an amazing object , and a magnificent picture .
We may even have an early entry for my annual Top Ten Astronomy Pictures of 2010 .
Oh -- this image was taken by my old grad advisor , Bob O'Connell .
So now I think this object and I have come -- pardon the expression -- full circle .
Image credit : NASA , ESA , R. O'Connell ( University of Virginia ) , F. Paresce ( National Institute for Astrophysics , Bologna , Italy ) , E. Young ( Universities Space Research Association / Ames Research Center ) , the WFC3 Science Oversight Committee , and the Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI / AURA )
Related posts : - Does this cluster make my mass look fat ?
- Another Hubble stunner ... and it's a repeat .
Kinda . - Astronomers find the most massive star ever discovered - 20 years ago today -
What is the next star that will explode ?
( a YouTube video I made )
Very interesting approach regarding ending the Federal Reserve … from the bottom up .
Since its inception , the U.S. Federal Reserve ’s monetary policies have led to a decline of over 95 % in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar .
As a result , there have been several attempts to curtail or eliminate the Federal Reserve ’s powers ( for example , the efforts of Rep. Louis T. McFadden in the 1930s ; the efforts of Rep. Wright Patman in the 1970s ; the efforts of Rep. Henry Gonzalez in the 1990s ; and the efforts of Rep. Ron Paul since the 1990s ) ; however , none have proven successful to date , due mainly to the constraints of strong political opposition at the national level .
In contrast to these attempts at the national level , a paper I recently presented at the Mises Institute ’s “ Austrian Scholars Conference ” proposes an alternative approach to ending the Federal Reserve ’s monopoly on money : the “ Constitutional Tender Act , ” a bill template ( first introduced by Georgia State Rep. Bobby Franklin ) that can be introduced in every State legislature in the nation , returning each of them to adherence to the U.S. Constitution ’s “ legal tender ” provisions of Article I , Section 10 .
Such a new tactic could achieve the desired goal of abolishing the Federal Reserve system by attacking it from the “ bottom up ” – “ pulling the rug out from under it , ” by working to make its functions irrelevant at the State and local level .
Under this Act , the State would be required to only use gold and silver coins ( or their equivalents , such as checks or electronic transfers ) for payments of any debt owed by or to the State ( e.g. , taxes , fees , contract payments , etc. ) .
All contracts , tax bills , etc. would be required to be denominated in legal tender gold and silver U.S. coins , including Gold Eagles , Silver Eagles , and pre-1965 90 % silver coins .
All State - chartered banks , as well as any other bank that is a depository for State funds , would be required to offer accounts denominated in those types of gold and silver coins , and to keep such accounts segregated from other types of accounts such as Federal Reserve Notes .
Upon going into effect , the Constitutional Tender Act would introduce currency competition with Federal Reserve Notes , by outlawing their use in transactions with the State .
Ordinary citizens of the State , being required to pay their State taxes in gold and silver coins , would find it necessary to open bank accounts in those denominations .
( Source : Tenth Amendment Center )
U.S. may seek use of prison at Bagram to hold terror suspects
The Obama administration is pursuing plans to hand control of its largest prison in Afghanistan to that country ’s government , but wants Kabul to let the American military hold terrorism suspects from other countries there , according to U.S. officials .
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration is pursuing plans to hand control of its largest prison in Afghanistan to that country ’s government , but wants Kabul to let the American military hold terrorism suspects from other countries there , according to U.S. officials .
If Afghan officials agree , it would give the administration a place to hold and interrogate terrorism suspects captured elsewhere around the world .
President Barack Obama wants to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , leaving the administration without a lockup for those suspected of plotting attacks against the U.S .
Administration officials have looked in recent months to the U.S. - run prison at Bagram air base as place to hold suspects captured elsewhere .
But Afghan officials have long demanded they be given control of the prison and the Obama administration has agreed .
Last month , Obama reiterated his commitment to give the Afghanistan government control of the prison .
Now , administration officials are developing a compromise plan to hand over control , but also to carve out a section of the prison for non-Afghan detainees who would remain under U.S. custody , according to a senior U.S. official .
The proposed plan , in early stages of development , is the subject of quiet discussions among senior officials and has not been submitted to the White House National Security Council .
The idea also has not been formally presented to Afghan officials , who did not respond to calls seeking their views .
But the issue encompasses the legal and ethical quandaries that continue to engulf U.S. detention policy .
Under a recent U.S. appeals court decision , the prison at Bagram air base is outside the reach of federal courts .
The ruling means that prisoners held there cannot challenge their detention or demand legal rights , unlike detainees even at Guantanamo .
In addition , once the Afghan government takes over the prison , the Army Field Manual , which prohibits the use of physical force on detainees , no longer will apply to Afghan guards or interrogators , according to Pentagon officials .
But the manual likely would continue to govern the interrogation of any prisoners who remained in U.S. custody , they said .
The senior U.S. official , who along with others spoke on condition of anonymity because the plan is not final , said Bagram remains the best option for holding future terrorist suspects captured elsewhere in the world , in places such as Somalia or Yemen .
The official said a final decision on using Bagram likely would be made only after U.S. forces capture a suspect in an area with few detention options and officials decide that interrogations are necessary .
Officials said that , so far , no plans have been approved to send militants from outside Afghanistan to Bagram .
" No decision has been made to house international terrorism suspects at Bagram , " said Maj .
Tanya J. Bradsher , a Pentagon spokeswoman .
Bradsher added that the U.S. was not considering transferring any detainees from Guantanamo to Bagram .
There are about 800 detainees at Bagram right now .
Fewer than 10 are detainees from outside Afghanistan or the Pakistan border region .
The U.S. is currently scheduled to hand over the Bagram prison early next year .
Afghans chafe at having a foreign power detain their citizens and giving Kabul formal control would meet a key demand of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and could help reduce tensions created by U.S. control .
Once the Afghan government takes over the prison , U.S. interrogation rules — including prohibitions on physical contact contained in the Army Field Manual — no longer will technically apply to the overall prison population , Bradsher said .
" Detainees will be under the exclusive custody and control of the government of Afghanistan and subject to its laws , " Bradsher said .
Despite the insistence that no final decision has been made on Bagram , officials note that other options for holding terrorism suspects are being cut off .
The current version of the defense authorization bill , a spending plan that has been approved by the House of Representatives and is being debated by the Senate , restricts the Obama administration from renovating a state prison in Illinois to hold detainees from Guantanamo .
Although primarily intended to hold detainees from Guantanamo , the prison in Thomson , Ill. , also could have been used to hold other non-American terrorism suspects .
Administration officials still plan to someday use Thomson , but will not be able to quickly modify the prison to hold Guantanamo detainees .
The House Armed Services committee voted to require the Obama administration to seek congressional approval before redesigning the prison .
In the past , U.S. military officials in Afghanistan have opposed bringing additional detainees from outside the war zone to Bagram , fearful it could delay the handover of prison and erode relations between Washington and Kabul .
But the compromise plan being discussed by officials in Washington preserves Afghan control and meets the need of other military officials for a secure overseas prison at which to interrogate suspects .
Senior defense officials have expressed frustration that the U.S. lacks an overseas prison where new terrorism suspects can be held .
Without a prison of its own , some defense officials believe the U.S. is often pushed into trying to kill militants , rather than attempting to capture and question them .
Some detainees can be held by friendly governments in the countries in which they are captured .
But in such situations , American interrogators do not have control of the suspects .
Allowing the U.S. to hold detainees at the prison at Bagram — known to the military as the Parwan detention facility — would give American interrogators an ability to question suspected terrorists directly , an approach considered more effective .
But human rights organizations are likely to view the creation of another detention facility outside the reach of U.S. law as a betrayal by the Obama administration .
The administration earned accolades from liberal groups after announcing steps to close Guantanamo early in the administration and end the Bush administration ’s use of harsh interrogation tactics .
Since then , however , human rights organizations increasingly have criticized the White House for reviving military commissions and wavering over federal trials for the Sept. 11 masterminds .
Once transferred , the Parwan facility will be under the control of the Afghan government .
But Bradsher said that U.S. forces will remain at the prison in a " mentoring and supporting role . "
( c ) 2010 , Tribune Co .
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
4
The first thing you notice is that the iPhone 4 feels smaller in hand — the decrease in width , even more so than thickness , is quite noticeable .
It feels tight .
Then you turn it on , and you see the screen .
Apple seems very confident about the precise size and dimensions of the iPhone display : 3.5 inches , with a 3:2 aspect ratio .
Not 3 inches .
Not 4 inches .
In fact , Apple seems very confident regarding everything it decided for the original 2007 iPhone .
There are no new buttons , or even moved buttons .
The Retina Display is emblematic of the iPhone 4 as a whole , both hardware and software : the same fundamental idea as the original iPhone , but clarified .
It has n’t really changed so much as improved — like the same picture in increasingly sharper focus .
As I wrote after examining Apple ’s iPhone 4 demo units after the WWDC keynote , the Retina Display ’s overall effect is like that of high - end glossy magazine print — except that it updates live .
It ’s living breathing print .
I do n’t recall ever having seen motion graphics of this resolution , anywhere .
And ( again as noted previously ) it ’s more than just the pixel resolution — it ’s that the LCD is so much closer to the surface of the glass .
Like pixels on glass rather than pixels under glass .
This is the result of a new manufacturing process Apple has pioneered .
No other company gives a shit about things like this .
The iPhone 4 feels like a major step toward an idealized iPhone form factor .
What defines the iPhone , physically , is the 3.5 - inch diagonal screen .
The iPhone 4 , in terms of width , seems about as narrow as you could possibly want it to be without reducing the size of the display itself .
There ’s just enough of a bezel around the sides to avoid inadvertent touches from fingers holding the phone by the edge .
My older iPhones now feel swollen along their rounded edges .
And yet somehow , despite making the form factor noticeably smaller , Apple made room internally for the battery to be bigger .
In my review of the iPhone 3G two years ago , I wrote :
The home button on the 3G seems to require a more forceful push .
The clickiness of my original iPhone ’s home button is better .
On the other hand , the clickiness of the 3G ’s volume and sleep buttons is better .
Apple sometimes seems to be the lone consumer electronics company that pays any attention at all to the tactile response of buttons .
The iPhone 4 ’s buttons are improved all around .
The Home button restores the clickiness of the original iPhone’s .
The new volume buttons , silence toggle , and power button all have a better feel than ever before .
Apple is so good at making buttons , it ’s almost enough to make one wish they made button - laden devices .
The overall build quality seems impossibly good .
The iPhone 4 is beautiful to behold and feels like a valuable artifact .
It ’s like a love letter to Dieter Rams .
The Flat Sides
The flat sides make it feel much more like a real camera — a decidedly thin camera , but a camera nonetheless — while taking pictures .
This improvement is equally noticeable when holding the camera horizontally for any reason — like , say , to watch video .
When you ’re holding a phone vertically , you ’re typically cupping it in the palm of one hand .
But when holding a phone horizontally , you typically pinch it between your forefinger and thumb .
The iPhone 4 ’s flat sides make this grip far more secure .
Performance
The iPhone 4 is definitely faster than the 3GS , but it does n’t feel to me as though the difference is as noticeable as last year ’s leap from the 3G to 3GS .
This video on YouTube , which compares the startup time for Plants vs. Zombies on an iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , and original iPhone , feels exactly right to me : the 4 is noticeably faster than the 3GS , which in turn is way faster than the original iPhone ( and the 3G , which performance - wise was nearly identical to the original ) .
The big win for Apple ’s A4 system - on - a- chip , I suspect , is not raw performance ( even though it is faster ) , but rather performance - per- watt .
It ’s an even better balance between speed and power consumption .
And , on a related point , the A4 system is physically smaller , which has enabled Apple to reduce the size of the iPhone form factor and still include a bigger battery .
Battery life seems a tad better on the iPhone 4 than the 3GS , which is saying something , given that the CPU is faster and the Retina Display packs four times as many pixels , is brighter , and offers a better contrast ratio .
Typing on the iPhone 4 keyboard seems better than ever .
The increase in performance has made the iPhone 4 more responsive to touch events , and for me this is most evident while using the keyboard .
The increase in RAM from 256 to 512 MB is , no surprise , welcome .
More web pages remain in memory in MobileSafari , and more apps remain resident in memory for fast app switching .
The combination of more RAM and iOS 4 ’s new fast app switching makes the process of switching between a handful of apps feel like an all - new experience compared to older iPhones running OS 3 .
The Glass Back
Both aesthetically and tactilely , the iPhone 4 ’s glass back is very pleasing .
It has a 2001 - monolith - like symmetry .
But as a heavy iPhone user since day one , I ’m finding it slightly disconcerting .
I ’ve always carried my iPhone the same way : front right pants pocket , with the glass toward my body , so that if my leg hits something or something hits my leg , the back of the iPhone would take the impact , not the glass .
Now it ’s glass on both sides , and what keeps happening is that I reach into my pocket to take it out , my fingers feel the smooth glass facing out , and I think , “ Shit , I pocketed my iPhone wrong last time . ”
I ’ll get used to it shortly , I suppose , but there ’s really no way to distinguish the front from the back by touch other than to find the Home button or speaker .
And , for obvious reasons , the glass back raises concerns about the iPhone 4 ’s droppability .
With previous iPhones , it was like dropping a piece of buttered toast — there was a lucky and unlucky side on which it could land .
With the iPhone 4 , it ’s like dropping a piece of toast that ’s been buttered on both sides .
FaceTime
I do n’t really talk on the phone that much , but I ’ve had fun trying out FaceTime with a few iPhone 4 - enabled friends .
It truly is delightfully easy to initiate , whether by starting with a voice call or not .
The video quality is far smoother than anything I ’ve ever gotten using Skype or over AIM with iChat — better resolution , far fewer compression artifacts , and almost no pauses or lag .
It ’s early in the game , but so far FaceTime seems best - of - breed technically .
Audio quality over FaceTime is excellent .
This is particularly noticeable with calls that start using voice .
The difference is so stark that it makes me wish FaceTime could kick in for audio - only calls between FaceTime - capable phones .
AT&T should be ashamed .
Portrait orientation looks perfectly natural for FaceTime , for the obvious reason that it frames the face like — duh — a portrait .
When you initiate a FaceTime call directly — by clicking the “ FaceTime ” button on a contact — you get an iChat - sounding “ ringer ” sound while waiting for the recipient to accept the call .
If the recipient is not available for FaceTime ( e.g. if their device is not currently connected to Wi - Fi ) , they will get a “ missed FaceTime ” notification pretty much just like what you get when you miss a phone call .
This includes a notification alert on the lock screen , and an increase to the number in the Phone app ’s red badge .
Voicemail would be great for these missed FaceTime - only calls , but it ’s not there .
( “ Facemail ” ? )
When you switch to the home screen or another app during a FaceTime call , the video pauses , but the audio continues .
Once you switch a call to FaceTime , you ca n’t switch back to voice - only , but switching to another app while the call continues effectively turns FaceTime into voice - only .
That FaceTime goes through the Phone app , rather than a dedicated FaceTime app , makes me wonder what Apple will do if I ’m right that this year ’s upcoming new iPod Touches will be FaceTime - capable .
My guess is that it ’ll be sort of like with the iPhone ’s “ iPod ” app , which on the iPod Touch is split into separate Music and Video apps : on the iPhone , FaceTime is subsumed by the Phone app , but on the iPod Touch , it could be its own standalone app .
It ’s no surprise that FaceTime , not the Retina Display , is apparently going to be the centerpiece of Apple ’s TV ads for the iPhone 4 .
It is instantly compelling .
It ’s also the sort of thing that drives critics of Apple products nuts .
“ Look at these stupid people who think Apple invented video chat , or even mobile video chat . ”
Right ?
What they ’re overlooking , and will always overlook , is the value of the “ It just works ” factor .
Normal people are n’t just going to use FaceTime — they ’re going to love it .
And if it really takes off , it ’ll turn FaceTime into a de facto social network .
People will buy iPhone 4 ’s ( or other future FaceTime devices ) because two or more of their friends have them and they feel like they ’re missing out .
Mark these words : FaceTime goes down as one of the most important things Apple has ever introduced .
Helvetica Neue
It ’s a subtle change , but Apple has changed the system font for the iPhone 4 , from Helvetica to Helvetica Neue .
The change is specific to the iPhone 4 hardware ( or more specifically , the Retina Display ) , not iOS 4 .
On older iPhone hardware , iOS 4 still uses Helvetica as the system font .
If you think it ’s hard to tell Helvetica apart from Arial , this one ’s going to shoot right over your head .
Helvetica
Neue is n’t so much a different typeface as a “ reworked ” version of the same face .
Here ’s an overview of Helvetica ’s history from U&LC .
( And a pronunciation thread on Typophile . )
Says my friend and fellow Helvetica aficionado Mike Monteiro , 1 “ In comparison to Helvetica Neue , Helvetica looks ungainly .
It ’s 95 percent there .
Neue took it the other 5 percent . ”
In general , where Helvetica Neue differs from regular Helvetica , its glyphs are slightly wider and rounder .
The most telling difference , to my eyes , is the uppercase bold M :
A good place to spot the difference , side - by - side with an older iPhone or iPod Touch , is the “ AM / PM ” in the status bar .
On the iPhone 4 , it ’s clearly Helvetica Neue ( with the wider M ) , and on an iPhone 3GS running iOS 4.0 , it is regular Helvetica .
Aesthetically , this change is a win .
Helvetica is a great typeface ; long - time DF readers know I ’m a huge fan of it , and the choice to use it for the iPhone ’s system font is one of my favorite decisions in Apple history .
But Helvetica
Neue , subtle though its differences are , is a nice improvement .
It is a more Helvetica-y Helvetica .
Why change only on the iPhone 4 , though ?
I suspect it ’s because Apple ’s digital version of Helvetica is better hinted for on - screen rasterization than Apple ’s Helvetica Neue , which makes it look slightly sturdier on the relatively crude pre-Retina Display iPhone screen .
I.e. , Helvetica looks better than Helvetica Neue on older iPhones , but Helvetica Neue looks better on the truly - print - caliber Retina Display .
In the old days , there was print ( high resolution ) and screen ( low resolution ) , and a wide resolution gap between them .
The iPhone , and devices with similar pixel density , introduced a sort of middle ground — many print fonts that never looked good on screens before looked good on the iPhone .
The iPhone 4 , however , offers type rendering that is legitimately print quality .
That Apple pays so much attention to the details as to pick a different version of Helvetica for different classes of displays is emblematic of what makes the iPhone the iPhone — software and hardware that are designed in tandem as parts of a single whole .
Helvetica Neue ’s Missing Italics
There is , however , one problem with Helvetica Neue in iOS 4.0 : it does n’t include italics .
You can see this for yourself on this web page I ’ve created that specifies Helvetica and Helvetica Neue alongside each other , including spans of bold , italic , and bold italics .
Here ’s how that test page renders in the following browsers :
It renders correctly on the Mac and iPad , but on both iPhones , the italic and bold italic variants of Helvetica Neue are not available , and render as non-italic .
I can only assume this is an oversight on Apple ’s part .
It affects iPhone developers who use the italic system font in their applications — in all previous versions of iOS ( née iPhone OS ) , [ UIFont italicSystemFontOfSize : ] returned an italic font ; in iOS 4.0 it does not .
The iPhone ’s OS has long included several non-italic weights of Helvetica Neue .
The iPad ’s OS ( version 3.2 ) was the first to include the italics .
But iOS 4 only includes the same non-italic weights of Helvetica Neue from OS 3.1 and earlier .
( Yet another sign of the divergence between the iPad ’s and iPhone ’s software . )
2
I ’ve filed a radar on the issue ( # 8140283 ) , requesting that Apple add the italic weights of Helvetica Neue to a near - future iOS update .
The iPhone should include all the same fonts as the iPad .
( Those of you with Apple developer accounts who agree should file duplicate radars . )
Camera
I thought last year ’s 3GS provided a nice improvement to the iPhone camera , with superior still photos and the addition of video .
The new ( primary ) camera in the iPhone 4 is a bigger improvement .
Still photos are of the quality of a low - end dedicated point - and - shoot camera , and the 720 p video is surprisingly good .
Here are a handful of stills and a video I took over the weekend — none of them post - processed in any way .
The iPhone 4 adds a flash to the main camera .
I suppose that ’s nice , for when you absolutely can’t get a decent exposure in low light without it , but the new camera is sensitive enough that you can take pretty good photos in relatively low light without it .
I ’ve turned the flash on mine off , and do n’t expect to turn it on more than a handful of times .
Is the video quality just as good as a dedicated 720 p video camera like the Flip HD ?
I say yes .
And at the very least , it is very close .
Most impressively , video shot with the iPhone 4 does n’t seem to suffer from any sort of lag or stuttering , even while panning or walking around .
Playback , needless to say , is silky smooth .
More importantly , Flip - class cameras do n’t offer online connectivity , and do n’t offer on - device editing like the iPhone 4 does with iMovie .
Flip ’s not dead yet , because you can get an HD Flip for about $ 120 .
One can imagine sending a class of sixth - graders out armed with a few school - owned Flips ; that ’s not going to happen with $ 499 iPhones .
But my guess is that we ’re going to see a similar camera in this year ’s new $ 299 iPod Touch , which will be next year ’s $ 199 iPod Touch .
I think Apple is going to be able to get the price on such an iPod Touch below $ 200 before Cisco is going to create iMovie - like editing software for the Flip .
It ’s hard to overstate just how many wildly - varied devices the iPhone and iPod Touch compete with .
Phones and handheld audio / video players , yes , obviously .
But now also cameras and handheld game consoles .
It ’s an old adage that the best camera is the one you have with you .
It ’s getting to the point now where the iPhone camera is n’t just good because it ’s with you , but good because it ’s actually pretty good .
The Reception and Proximity Sensor Problems
There are two widely - reported problems with the iPhone 4 .
First is the issue surrounding 3G reception and hand placement on the device .
There ’s no doubt that this is an issue for many — but I think a minority — of iPhone 4 owners .
I have n’t been able to duplicate the problem on mine , though .
Sometimes , but rarely , I can make it drop a single bar , but I ca n’t duplicate the drop to “ No Signal ” that many others can .
Best as I can tell , based on the reports I ’ve read , including many emails from DF readers , the problem is multivariate .
It definitely seems related to signal coverage ( or cell tower proximity , or something like that ) .
I ’ve received many emails ( and a few tweets ) from DF readers who can reproduce the problem at will in one location , but ca n’t in another .
Not much help , though , when the problematic location is , say , your home or workplace .
But I ’ve also heard from a few readers with fellow iPhone 4 - owning friends and colleagues , who ’ve been able to test several units side - by - side .
Some iPhone 4 units seem more susceptible to the problem than others — which makes me question whether this is something a software update can address .
I think it ’s a combination of software and manufacturing .
The other issue regards the proximity sensor — the sensor which turns off the touchscreen when you hold the phone to your head for a call .
The proximity sensor on the iPhone 4 seems far more sensitive than on previous iPhones , such that minor movements away from your head during a call re-enable the touchscreen , which then leads to your cheek inadvertently engaging the Mute or End Call buttons .
Here ’s a description of the problem at EverythingiCafe ; and here ’s a 24 - page (! ) thread about it on Apple ’s discussion forum .
This problem , I have seen myself .
My cheek invoked the End Call button during a call yesterday , something that I do n’t recall ever having happened in the three years I ’ve been using iPhones .
Garrett Murray is afflicted by both these problems .
It ’ll be interesting to see whether Apple is able to address either or both of these problems via a software update .
And , if so , when ?
The iPad was released in April and still has n’t seen a single software update .
( Perhaps the iPad is an exception , and Apple has decided against a 3.2.1 iPad update to devote all of its iPad OS development time to iOS 4.1 . )
The proximity sensor issue strikes me as more likely to be fixable via software .
As for the reception issues , I can see this playing out three ways :
Best case :
It ’s fixable , or at least improvable , via software changes alone .
OK case :
It ’s a manufacturing issue that Apple can address going forward , with future production runs .
Apple has sold a lot of iPhone 4 ’s already , but most of the iPhone 4 ’s they ’ll eventually sell have n’t yet been made .
They might take a small hit on exchanges from existing iPhone 4 users who are seeing the problem .
Worst case :
It ’s inherent to the design of the iPhone 4 ’s novel external antennas , and all iPhone 4 units will be susceptible to the problem .
As I stated before , some people seeing the problem ca n’t reproduce it ( or at least see lower amounts of signal loss ) when they try using a different iPhone 4 unit in the same location .
That suggests it ’s fixable , but perhaps only in manufacturing , not in software for existing units .
And even in the worst case scenario , it only seems to be a problem when holding the phone in certain ways while in areas of marginal signal strength .
That ’s not to pass the blame from Apple to AT&T , but only to say it ’s far from catastrophic .
It may wind up being more of a publicity problem than a technical one .
At the very least it is n’t going to help the iPhone ’s perception as a great device but weak phone .
Maritime law expert : ‘ Totally not true ’ that Jones Act has blocked Gulf help
A GOP House oversight report regarding the Gulf oil spill set to be released soon contains a talking point which experts are calling “ totally not true ” and an “ urban myth . ”
“ The White House is not being forthcoming on what is actually happening with the Gulf oil spill response , and the effort to show that the administration is doing everything possible actually gets in the way , a report being released by the ranking Republican on the House Oversight Committee says , ” Michael McAulif reports for the New York Daily News .
ADVERTISEMENT
In excerpts released early , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) argues that many of the assets that are supposed to be in place really are not ; that the chain of command is confused , at best ; that efforts to quiet criticism hinder the response ; that foreign assets remain unused , and the planning has been inadequate for the hurricane season .
Issa , who has become one of the administrationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s thorniest critics , had this to say : Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ This report reveals a stark contrast between the narrative being told by the Administration in Washington and the sobering realities and challenges that the people closest to this catastrophe are struggling to overcome .
These testimonials from the people who are on the frontlines of this crisis have brought to light a bureaucratic quagmire that is exacerbating the response and clean - up effort – in a post - Katrina world , this is unimaginable and unacceptable .
The evidence on the ground suggests that the White House has been more focused on the public relations of this crisis than with providing local officials the resources they need to deal with it .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â The White House will certainly disagree , and you have to take a report released by one party with a grain of salt .
But there are at least claims here worth following up , and we suspect the rest of the Oversight Committee will be interested in doing so .
The last excerpt from Issa ’s report claims , “ According to local officials , the decision to not waive the Jones Act has impaired Gulf Coast clean - up efforts .
The most likely application of a broad - based Jones
Act waiver would be for the operation of boats equipped with skimmers , which is one of the most effective tools to clean up the oil .
Rear Admiral Jim Watson conceded in a briefing to Chairman Towns and Ranking Member Issa that the Coast Guard does not currently have access to a sufficient numbers of skimmers . ”
However , McClatchy Newspapers ’ William Douglas reports , “ Maritime law experts , government officials and independent researchers say that the claim is false .
The Jones
Act is n’t an impediment at all , they say , and it has n’t blocked anything . ”
“ Totally not true , ” said Mark Ruge , counsel to the Maritime Cabotage Task Force , a coalition of U.S. shipbuilders , operators and labor unions .
“ It is simply an urban myth that the Jones Act is the problem . ”
In a news briefing last week , Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen said he ’d received “ no requests for Jones Act waivers ” from foreign vessels or countries .
“ If the vessels are operating outside state waters , which is three miles and beyond , they do n’t require a waiver , ” he said . ….
FactCheck.org , a nonprofit website operated by the University of Pennsylvania ’s Annenberg Public Policy Center , analyzed claims that failure to waive the Jones Act is blocking foreign - flagged vessels from assisting in the Gulf .
It concluded last week that “ In reality , the Jones Act has yet to be an issue in the response efforts . ”
The Deepwater Horizon response team reported in a news release June 15 that 15 foreign - flagged ships were participating in the oil spill cleanup , FactCheck.org said .
“ None of them needed a waiver because the Jones Act does not apply , ” it said .
“ Some Democrats and union officials say that Republicans are trying to use the Gulf spill to kill what conservatives consider a protectionist law that hurts businesses , ” Douglas adds .
More at McClatchy .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The best course of action is to permanently repeal the Jones Act in order to boost the economy , saving consumers hundreds of millions of dollars , ” McCain said last week , while introducing a bill to repeal the Jones Act ..
“ I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort to repeal this unnecessary , antiquated legislation in order to spur job creation and promote free trade . ”
Juliet Eilperin blogging for The Washington Post adds , “ But administration officials have denied that the Jones Act has impeded foreign aid .
In several instances , resistance from either oil giant BP or Louisiana officials has blocked the acceptance of such offers .
Louisiana officials have specifically rejected the idea of hiring Dutch companies , who are more efficient than U.S. ones , to dredge sand berms off the state ’s coast . ”
The Washington Post reported last month
ADVERTISEMENT
Previous | Next First Strip First Series | First Strip Second Series | First Strip Current Series | Archive | Most Recent
Strips continue to sell .
Thank you all !
And I hope you enjoy today ’s installment .
Story , character , humor , and multiple settings .
The only thing I wish for daily after “ more time in the day ” is “ more space in my panels . ”
I just realized , I ’ve been wanting to do editing .
And you know what , I GOT THAT WISH .
I ’ve been discussing scripts and comedy with Tom of Marooned , exchanging stories with Dan Wolff of Cookrookery and Wild Life , and in this writing group I ’ve joined — we all provide editorial assistance to each other , which I am looking forward to .
I just like it .
I like to tear stuff apart and bring out its strengths .
I like helping people see their work in new ways .
It ’s fun .
And lastly , for those of you who may still be confused as to what Twitter is , this short exchange ( reformatted for easy reading top to bottom ) between Alotron ( Alan Ryan of “ Faraday the Blob “ ) and myself clears up its full potential …
ISSN 2310 -6301
As life is more than 2D , Proteopedia helps to bridge the gap between 3D structure & function of biomacromolecules
Proteopedia presents this information in a user - friendly way as a collaborative & free 3D - encyclopedia of proteins & other biomolecules .
Since it 's pride week , I thought I 'd share a small story about the disenfranchised transgendered community here in Karachi .
Ashi stands by the door of the shared house where she lives with Aziz and Nighat .
( Photo : Bassam Tariq . )
Last week , my uncle took me to meet one of his old neighborhood 's infamous icons , Aziz Mamoo .
She lives in a small one bedroom shack located in the heart of a very disturbed ghetto .
Aziz Mamoo is transgendered or , as they 're known in South Asia , a hijrah .
At the age of 11 , she was kicked out of her house by her brothers and found refuge with the local hijrah guru , Hajji Iqbal .
Iqbal took her in and taught the young Aziz how to sing and dance .
Every town in Karachi has a designated guru who is in charge of the hijrahs in their area .
The guru becomes both the mother and father to their communities hijrahs .
The local guru feeds them , provides them shelter , and teaches them how to pray and live a modest life .
When there is a birth of a child that is considered intersex , some families leave the infant at the guru 's doorstep .
After the death of Hajji Iqbal , Aziz Mamoo became the local guru of her neighborhood .
Countless babies have been left at her doorstep and though she has very little to offer , she never turns them away .
The two kids that live with her now are Ashi and Nighat .
Many more lived with her before , but she kicked them out after they started doing , as she calls it , " number two work . "
' Number two work ' is a euphemism for prostitution and it's become a common job for many hijrahs in Karachi .
According to Aziz Mamoo , there are two kinds of hijrahs : those that dance and pray at weddings and aqiqahs ( a celebration commemorating the birth of a child ) , and those that prostitute or beg for money on the main roads .
Aziz Mamoo despises the latter .
" Woh bhanchots ! "
Those sister - fuckers , she curses , " they give us a bad name .
We do n't beg on the streets .
We may not have much , but we do have our dignity . "
Aziz Mamoo , center , sits on her charpoi with her two daughters , Ashi , left , and Nighat .
( Photo : Bassam Tariq . )
My uncle grew up in Karachi and has had a lot of friends that frequent the prostitute hijrahs .
He mentions that many men dress up as hijrahs just to be accepted as homosexuals .
As he puts it , his friends rave about the fellatio these hijrahs give .
There is a grey area when it comes to the street hijrahs , they are either transvestites or transgendered , but there really is no way of knowing from the surface .
My uncle was keen on asking Aziz about her own sexual desires .
She was quick to reply , " We can not bare a child nor do we have the ability to impregnate .
We just desire two things : good clothing and decent food .
With what we do , we make enough to live . "
Aziz Mamoo started to feel a little uneasy and kept looking over at her clock .
I wondered if we were overstaying our welcome , nevertheless , I was compelled to ask another question .
" If I have a child that 's transgendered , would you recommend me bringing them to you ?
Or do you feel I should keep the child and raise them ? "
It 's important to note that in the middle of asking this question , Aziz interrupted me and muttered ,
" God forbid that you have a transgendered child . "
After she let me finish my question she continued , " Keep them .
take care of them , educate them .
Do n't let them stray into our line .
We are uneducated .
We scour our neighborhoods day and night looking for someone that will hear us sing and dance .
This is no way for anyone to live . "
Minutes later , my uncle signaled to me that it was time for us to leave .
After we said our good byes , I asked Aziz Mamoo what she was doing for the rest of the day .
" It is Sunday , " she said , " today is for us . "
( Edit : Changed transgendered to intersex in first paragraph .
Thanks ,
AnneH )
Ashi and Nighat laugh at an inside joke .
( Photo : Bassam Tariq . )
Our Story
It all began in the late 1950s when a San Francisco businessman turned traveler and importer began selling shiploads of hand - woven wicker from one of the city ’s piers .
As crates were unloaded , customers lined up and loaded up .
He turned his shiploads into a storefront on San Francisco ’s famed Fisherman ’s Wharf in 1958 and it quickly became a destination for those who craved original and handmade items from around the world .
Today we continue to search the world for unique artisan goods and handicrafts , international food favorites and design inspiration for our furniture and home décor .
And we continue to focus on value and affordability so that our products are accessible to anyone who wants to make your home and your special occasions uniquely you .
← Sidebar
Karelia Republic located on the Russian northwest on the border with Finland is one of the most beautiful places of Russia and may be called a large national park of the country .
The following photos captured by nub1an can be one of the proofs of this statement ( all the pictures are clickable ) .
Tags : Karelia Republic
<< Volzhsky city page was added
Bratsk city page was added >>
Built by artist / scluptor Lawrence Alan Noble with the collaboration of his long time Apprentice , Shane Curran , the RED DOG - 3 Helmet has to be one of the best looking steampunk - inspired stormtrooper helmets we ’ve ever seen .
And what is even better about this project is that it was all done for a good cause : to help amass funds for the “ Make a Wish Foundation . ”
Hit the jump for two additional pics .
[ Via ]
“ Marriage exists prior to the state and is not open to redefinition by the state .
The role of the state , instead , is to respect and reinforce marriage . ”
— Roman Catholic Archbishop Joseph E. Kurtz of Kentucky , chair of the U.S. Bishops ’ Ad Hoc Committee for the Defense of Marriage , said to 365 gay.com .
Inception is one of those movies people theorize about , so here ’s my take .
I have not read about it or looked it up except to check the characters ’ names , so this is based solely on what I got from watching it .
Needless to say , tremendous spoilers follow for those who have not seen it .
It ’s all a dream .
Ariadne ( Ellen Page ) is leading an inception on Cobb ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) .
The entire film is that inception , and we never see reality .
In reality ( which I will label “ level 1 ” ) , the details of Cobb ’s wife and past are basically as we ’ve been shown .
To help him get over her death and move on , someone has arranged an inception to implant him with that idea .
( We do n’t know who arranged this , or why ; more on that later ) .
The characters we meet as Cobb ’s team are actually Ariadne ’s team .
When the inception process is explained in the film , we ’re told the characters must go three levels in– a dream within a dream within a dream– to get deep enough to implant the idea .
Well , that ’s not deep enough on someone as skilled as Cobb .
To make this work , they must go five levels in , and they can only do that through what the film calls “ running with Mr. Charles ” .
They must turn Cobb ’s subconscious against him and trick him into going deeper by convincing him he is running an inception of his own on someone else .
The highest “ reality ” we are shown is actually a dream ( level 2 ) .
In this level , Cobb is a vigilante on the run .
The forces out to get him are actually projections – his defense system .
( Mal makes that comparison toward the end . )
He is given a strong incentive to perform an inception on Fischer– who , in level 1 reality , may not even exist .
Ariadne presents her dream - self to Cobb as someone who will become his confidant .
Because she is a neophyte , he can trust her .
Because she relies on his guidance , he is not threatened by her .
Because she is a prodigy , she can swiftly “ learn ” everything she needs to know without contradicting the above .
And she is recommended to Cobb by Cobb ’s mentor and father figure ; we are told later that someone ’s relationship with their father informs the path to their subconscious .
Ariadne ’s bond with Cobb does n’t come from curiosity or happenstance .
Her goal all along is to get into Cobb ’s head and deal with his issues .
When she wants more info or has strong feelings about how to proceed , she is n’t just concerned ; she ’s hitting him up for information and trying to direct his path .
When she catches him sneaking dreams with his dead wife , she caught that on purpose .
Levels 3 , 4 , and 5 are presented as the inception on Fischer .
This is all one big red herring ; what ’s presented to us as Fischer ’s journey is really Cobb’s .
The “ real ” ( level 2 ) Fischer is sedated on the 747 .
In his dream ( level 3 ) , he is kidnapped , and everybody goes to sleep in the van , leading to level 4 .
On this level , Cobb informs Fischer that he is dreaming .
( Fischer thinks level 3 is reality , and Cobb thinks level 2 is reality . )
Browning is framed so that Fischer will have an excuse to go into Browning ’s head .
There are several levels of deception on level 4 : Fischer thinks he ’s going into Browning ’s head , Cobb is using that belief to get deeper into Fischer ’s head , and Ariadne is using THAT belief to get deeper into Cobb ’s head .
On level 5 , Mal shoots Fischer .
The film portrays this as a huge problem that can potentially strand everybody in limbo .
Not true !
It was all part of the plan .
Cobb had to believe that his irrational refusal to accept his wife ’s death had led to disaster , making his problem as urgent as possible .
This is achieved when his refusal to shoot Mal , even though he knows she ’s not real , leads to her shooting Fischer and endangering everybody .
The stakes are finally high enough so that Cobb has both a reason to go one level deeper and a reason to sort his problems out , once and for all .
( At the very start of level 5 , Cobb wonders what ’s there for Fischer , and Ariadne says “ what ’s there for you ? ” )
It is Ariadne ’s idea for her and Cobb to go one level deeper .
In level 6 , Cobb finally learns to let Mal go .
THIS is his inception !
In a dream within a dream within a dream within a dream within a dream , he is implanted with the idea that his dream - wife is not his real wife and that he must move on ; this idea , implanted so deeply , will grow in him .
Meanwhile , Fischer ’s inception works too : his father tells him on level 5 to be his own man , and on level 3 , Fischer tells us that the dream made him realize he needs to do that .
When Fischer wakes up on level 2 , he just thinks he ’s had an inspiring dream about his father and fellow passengers , not knowing it was all an elaborate attempt to change how he thinks about his father .
Cobb got his end of the deal , and could finally go home to his kids .
When the film ends , Cobb wakes up .
The entire film has been a dream that helped him realize how he needs to handle his wife ’s death .
Ariadne ’s work is done .
As for who arranged the inception , and why ?
It does n’t really make a difference .
Maybe someone benevolent wanted to help Cobb move on .
Maybe someone stood to gain from Cobb ’s emotional breakthrough , similar to Saito ’s reason for ordering the inception on Fischer .
Maybe Cobb was in “ limbo ” the whole time , and this was a rescue mission .
But I had a thought about this – the final thing I realized before writing this post .
We do n’t know what ’s happened in level 1 since Mal ’s death .
All we really know is that Cobb feels guilty about it .
But reuniting with his kids is such a strong motivation on level 2 that it ’s probably true on level 1 as well .
On level 2 , he ca n’t see them because he’s on the run from the law , but since that ’s just his self - defense system , that ca n’t be true of level 1 .
So what ’s another reason why he might be separated from his kids , and might need to work through Mal ’s death before seeing them again ?
It ’s a bit obvious , but it fits : Cobb ’s inability to deal with Mal ’s death has driven him insane .
He ’s probably in an asylum , and probably wishes he could go back to his kids and a normal life .
Ariadne ’s motivation is probably therapeutic .
When Cobb wakes up in level 1 and has learned to cope with Mal ’s death , he will have been healed .
And in the asylum , he is , of course , inmate # 528491 .
in reply to Perl 6 version of cheatsheet
in thread perlcheat
Perl 6 cheat sheet v2 SIGILS MAJOR / MINOR CONTEXTS ACCESS ARRAYS HASHES $ scalar item list sink whole : @array [ ] %hash{} @array Str flat / slice element : @array [ 0 ] % hash {'a'} %hash Num lazy / eager / hyper ( or ) % hash < a > &code Bool slice : @array [ 0,2 ] % hash {'a ' , 'b + '} COMPOSERS ( or ) % hash < a b> TWIGILS [ ] array $ normal - lexical { } block / hash AUTOMATIC DEREFERENCE $?compiler - constant < > quotewords &( $ foo ) ( 1,2 ) == $ foo ( 1,2 + ) $ * dynamic - or - global ( , ) parcel @ ( $ foo ) [ 1 ] == $ foo [ 1 ] $.public-accessor :( ) signature % ( $ foo ) { ' bar '} == $ foo < bar + > $ ! private - attribute \( ) capture @ ( @ ( $ foo ) [ 1 ] ) [ 2 ] == $ foo [ 1 ] [ +
2 ] $ ^positional - param $ : named - parameter CONTROL SYNTAX $ =pod - info for LIST { } # implicit $ _ ar + g $ < named - match - capture > for LIST -> $ a , $b { } # explicit args $ ~ slang - variable while / until EXPR { } repeat while / until EXPR { } # do at least on + ce OPERATOR PRECEDENCE loop { } loop ( a ; b; c ) { } # parens require + d! . method . [ ]
i if EXPR { } elsif EXPR { } else { } ++ -- unless EXPR { } # no else allowe + d! ** given EXPR { when EXPR { } default { } } unary + - ~ ! ? ^ EXPR if EXPR for LIST ; # list comprehensi + on * / % % % div next , last , redo # loop controls + - proceed , succeed # switch control + s x xx TYPES ~ Bool Bit Int Rat FatRat UInt Num Complex int32 , complex64 e + tc. & Str Cat Blob Char Byte Codepoint Grapheme Buf buf8 buf32 ut + f8 | ^ IO Mu Any Cool Junction Whatever Mat + ch sleep abs sin temp Parcel Capture Signatu + re <= > leg cmp .. but SCOPE DECLARATORS Pair Range Set B + ag ~~ > == gt eq === eqv !op my lexical scope KeyHash KeySet KeyB + ag && our package scope Scalar Array Hash Co + de || ^^ // min max has instance scope Enum Order TrigBa + se ??!!
ff anon no scope at all Block Routine S + ub = := op= => state persistent lexical Method Reg + ex so not augment benign parasitic Failure Excepti + on , : supersede deadly parasitic Instant Durati + on X Xop Z Zop ... Date DateTi + me say die map etc OPERATOR DOMAINS and Numeric : == !==(!= ) + < > <=> <= >= or xor Stringy : eq !eq ( ne ) ~ lt gt leg le ge < == == > Value : eqv !eqv before after cmp ! after ! befo + re ObjectID : === !=== METAOPERATORS LINKS IRC [ op ] reduce listop to A op B op C... perl6.org # perl6 irc.freenode.n + et op= A = A op B rakudo.org # parrot irc.perl.org ! op !( A op B ) » op « hyper/ vectorize REGEX METACHARS REGEX MODIFIERS
Zop zip with op ^ $ string begin / end :i ignore case Xop cross with op ^^ $ $ line begin / end :m ignore marks Rop reverse args + one or more :g global Sop sequentialize * zero or more :r ratchet ?
zero or one :s sigspace SPECIAL VARIABLES ** 1..3 repeat in range :4th nth occurrence $ _ current topic ( ) capture to $ 0 , $ 1 :4 x n times $/ regex result [ ] no capture $! error object < foo > subrule REGEX CHARCLASSES @*ARGS command line <[ ] > character class .
== anychar , \ N non +
@*INC include path | parallel or \s == < space > , \S non %*ENV environment || serial or \d == < digit > , \ D non $ * PID process id « » word boundary \w == <+alpha+digit + [ _ + ]> [ download ]
Here 's an updated version of the Perl 6 cheat sheet ;
WASHINGTON — Citing the fact that the series never really got the chance it deserved , the Federal Communications Commission announced Monday that it was immediately reversing the Starz channel 's decision to cancel the critically acclaimed TV show Party Down .
" We regret that [ Starz ] chose to end such an original program at the height of its viewership and right when Henry was finally making strides in his acting career , " FCC chair Julius Genachowski said .
" The FCC remains committed to serving the public good , and after sitting idly by while Veronica Mars and Firefly got dumped before they were able to find their audiences , we could not let Party Down suffer the same fate .
If we give up on this show now , we 're no better than the Hollywood hotshots who make Casey and the gang question their dreams . "
With Party Down back on the air , Genachowski said he and his colleagues could now return to working on their It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia spec script .
Advertisement
A 5.9 earthquake rocked Southern California this afternoon and was felt across a wide area .
According to U.S. Geological Survey , the quake hit at 4:53 p.m. near Borrego Springs , about 28 miles south of Palm Springs .
It was followed by several small aftershocks .
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries , but some residents said the quake caused glass to break .
Its the latest in a string of powerful of quakes to hit Southern California in the last few months , ever since a 7.2 quake hit the Mexicali area on Easter Sunday .
[ Updated at 5:07 p.m. : The USGS downgraded the quake to 5.4 magnitude .
The Los Angeles Fire Department said it has not received reports of serious damage or injuries .
Residents in Riverside County told The Times they felt a sharp jolt but have not witnessed major damage .
Riverside Police Chief Sergio Diaz said that he experienced strong jolts at police headquarters but that there was no initial report of serious damage .
“ So far everything is OK , ” Diaz said .
“ To me it felt like two separate events .
The first felt like a foreshock ; the second one was stronger . ”
“ It was scary , ” said Celina Vega of Borrego Springs .
“ I can hardly talk because I ’m still shaking . “
She said the earthquake hit as she was getting ready to go to work at Kendall ’s Cafe .
“ I screamed .
Glasses fell at my house .
We ’re not used to earthquakes here in Borrego Springs .
When we felt it , oh my gosh , scary ! ” ]
[ Updated at 5:26 p.m. :
The quake swayed skyscrapers in downtown San Diego , but there were no reports of damage there .
A rockslide was reported on a road outside of Palm Springs neat the aerial tramway , accord to the Desert Sun .
But someone at the tramway restaurant told The Times there was no major damage .
Palm Springs Fire Chief Blake Goetz told The Times that there was a rock slide near the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway , but no damage to the Tramway itself .
Mary Jane Laws , an assistant manager at Center Market Grocery Store in Borrego Springs , said that a lot of products fell of the store shelves – but there was no major damage .
“ I ’ve been here 30 years and it was bigger than any of us have experienced , ” Laws said .
“ It shook up and down really hard .
That was the big jolt , then back and forth .
It feels like forever , but it was probably only 10 to 15 seconds . ”
There were n’t many customers in the store when the quake hit , but Laws said , “ The employees , they bolted .
The cash registers are right by the door . ”
The residents are accustomed to an occasional temblor , but Laws said , “ It was a little bit more than we ’re comfortable . ”
At least for the evening , it will give the sleepy town something to chat about in the off season .
“ This place is going to be just atwitter , ” Laws said .
“ We ’ll be in the coffee shop , talking about all kinds of things . " ]
-- Andrew Blankstein , Rong - Gong Lin II and Kimi Yoshino
Map : USGS
Capuchin cousins ( Image : Michael And Patricia Fogden / Minden FLPA )
PITY the mammals living on lush Caribbean islands .
Over the last 12,000 years , they have suffered the highest extinction rates of any on Earth .
Now , a primate skull found in an underwater cave on Hispaniola underscores what we have lost – a fauna so primitive and strange that the archipelago has been likened to Madagascar .
Today , there are no primates in the Caribbean , and it was n’t until 1952 that palaeontologists accepted that the islands had once been home to monkeys .
The new find – the first well - preserved skull from Hispaniola ( see picture ) …
Image caption Formula
One teams see engine efficiency going upwards
The notoriously gas - guzzling sport of Formula One is on track to curb its carbon footprint .
The Formula One Teams Association is unveiling an analysis that projects an emissions cut of 15 % in three years .
Fota says the sport is the first to have a comprehensive and externally audited carbon reduction programme .
Further ambitions may include a doubling of energy efficiency in engines , which manufacturers hope would feed through into road cars .
Sources say one of the drivers behind the programme is pressure from sponsors , who are increasingly keen to be associated with a " greener " product .
We could choose to work with quite benign industries only ... but that 's not going to change the world 's emissions in a meaningful way Dr Richard Mattison , Trucost Petrolheads and tree - huggers
The audit has been carried out by the consultancy Trucost , whose chief operating officer Richard Mattison told BBC News : " We 've been able to analyse all drivers of carbon emissions , from logistics right down to the engines themselves .
" There 's a lot of data in teams - more so than in most businesses - and we were able to analyse it and see how and where they were going to make reductions . "
Running cars ' engines in races and testing accounts for less than 1 % of the sport 's emissions , even though the cars run at less than five miles per gallon .
About half of the emissions are associated with items the teams buy in ; other major sources are the transport that takes teams and equipment from race to race , and electricity , large slices of which are consumed by wind tunnels .
New opportunities
Formula
One 's regular cost - cutting programmes include some measures that will also reduce carbon emissions ; and Trucost calculates that plans already in place will cut emissions by about 15 % from 2009 levels by 2012 .
" With the support of all its member teams , Fota has ... undertaken to maintain continuous and independent analysis and assessment in order to ensure that these carbon emissions reduction targets are met or bettered , and to investigate where further carbon emissions reduction opportunities may exist , " said Martin Whitmarsh , Fota chairman and team principal of Vodafone McLaren Mercedes .
Image caption Manufacturers hope improvements will feed through to road cars
" In addition , the FIA ( Federation Internationale de l'Automobile , the sport 's governing body ) and Fota are already working together to tailor the 2013 technical regulations to ensuring that all engines and powertrains used in Formula
One by that date will showcase , and provide a platform for the ongoing development of , technologies designed to enhance fuel efficiency . "
One option the FIA and engine manufacturers are considering from 2013 is increasing engine efficiency through limiting the amount of fuel that each car can use .
Currently , each car will burn about 160kg of petrol in an average race in its 2.4 litre normally - aspirated V8 engine .
Under this scenario , engines would be made much smaller - about 1.5 litres , in either a straight 4 - cylinder or V6 configuration - and turbocharged .
Then the amount of fuel allotted to each car would be progressively decreased over successive seasons , perhaps down to about 80kg within five years , with manufacturers aiming to hold power output at current levels - which would imply a virtual doubling of energy efficiency from today 's standard .
' Greenwash ' ?
Backers point out that if this sort of design improvement materialised and was fed back into road cars , it could make curbing vehicle emissions significantly easier .
F1 bosses recognise ... that , sooner or later , questions may well be raised about a sport that literally burns fossil fuels for fun BBC Sport 's Andrew Benson Read Andrew Benson 's blog
Meanwhile , emissions associated with travelling around the world from race to race could be tackled by rationalising the race calendar , with better co-ordination of segments of the season in Asia , Europe and the Americas .
Formula
One , with its high - consuming cars , glossy advertising and expensive globe - trotting teams , has sometimes been accused of " greenwashing " its own image .
But Richard Mattison said that through this programme , the sport " has demonstrated its commitment to becoming more environmentally efficient , and will continue to lead the way in developing innovations that will improve efficiency across the automotive industry globally .
" We could choose to work with quite benign industries only , and we could help them improve their performance ; but that 's not going to change the world 's emissions in a meaningful way , " he said .
" What 's needed is for large organisations in more carbon - intensive industries to make real commitments ...
I think this is a great step forwards . "
Ever had a sexual experience ?
Then welcome to the magical world of “ virginity , ” where a white wedding dress can restore a sexually - active 40 - something ’s innocence , a set of pigtails can turn even the most experienced porn performer chaste , and a new hymen can be shipped from China for about 30 bucks .
Documentary filmmaker Therese Shechter explores the culture of denouncing sex ( even while you ’re doing it ) in “ How to Lose Your Virginity , ” a film about our cultural obsession with chastity — - and the way its meaning shifts mysteriously depending upon the implement and the orifice .
Shechter has got nine days to raise a couple thousand dollars to finish the film ; while she ’s waiting to seal the deal , she agreed to answer some questions about surrendering your precious chastity orb to that one special fella who will ensure its proper maintenance until death do you part :
SEXIST : What ’s it like making a movie about people not doing something ?
TS : The definition of virginity is so subject to interpretation .
A Mormon college student who considers herself a virgin did a post for my blog , The American Virgin , about how enthusiastically sexually active she was , even though she was waiting for her wedding night to have intercourse .
In the film you get the whole spectrum of sexual activity , from Cindy , a very religious and abstinent 30 - something screenwriter I met at the Sundance Film Festival , to former ‘ abstinence poster girl ’
Shelby Knox who now runs seminars called “ Fucking While Feminist . ”
This is all pretty much North America I ’m talking about , by the way .
There ’s so much more to say about the rest of the world and I deal with a lot of that on the blog .
SEXIST : In your pursuit of understanding our culture ’s obsession with virginity , you ’ve examined a variety of industries and subcultures that rely on our fascination with virginity for their own purposes — - from “ barely legal ” porn producers to wedding dress retailers to religious abstainers .
How have you seen the meaning of “ virginity ” shift to satisfy these different contexts ?
TS : I think they ’re remarkably similar in that they all work within the fantasy of female sexual purity as something to be fetishized .
They have different props — - the Big White Wedding Dress , porn ’s white panties , and the purity ring — - but all use a sort of ritualized process whereby a symbolically virginal female is offered up to a male for deflowering .
I say symbolic because the porn actress is definitely not a virgin , we ’re pretty certain that most modern brides are n’t either , and given our shaky definition of the V - word , we might not even consider some purity pledgers to be totally chaste .
But it ’s the fetishization of all three that really fascinates me .
For whose benefit is it this being played out ?
Interestingly , in shooting these scenes , I felt the most comfortable in the company of the pornographers .
I do n’t know what that says about me , but I ’d sooner go back to Barely Legal Ranch than a bridal salon or an abstinence conference .
How does our culture ’s emphasis on virginity affect men and women differently ?
TS : That ’s kind of at the heart of it all , is n’t it ?
There are the abstinence - until - marriage programs and purity balls that focus almost exclusively on female virginity , going as far as having young girls symbolically hand over their purity to their father for safekeeping until their wedding night when it gets transferred to the husbands .
You know , we may cringe at this , but as I mentioned earlier , it ’s just a more blatant version of the traditional wedding ceremony .
That ’s something I really get into in the film as I deal with my own wedding planning and all its chastity - based rituals .
In terms of more mainstream culture ( and by that I mean teen sex comedies ) , I think it used to be that the guys had to be total horndogs and get rid of their virginity as quickly as possible , and the gals had to defend the castle for as long as possible .
I feel like recently there ’s been a cultural shift where the guys are still basically supposed to be horndogs but it ’s now okay for gals to have pre-marital sex under the right conditions ( i.e. , sex with your perfect boyfriend in a romantic setting with scented candles , possibly after prom , after you ’ve professed your love for each other ) .
And by sex , I mean intercourse .
I think the idea that a woman needs a penis in her vagina to turn her into a full - fledged sexual being is still pretty prevalent .
In reality , young men and women do all sorts of things sexually that do n’t fit these gender - based scripts at all , but then they run the risk of being judged , shamed or punished by their peers , media , religious authorities , what have you .
Something seems to change for women in college .
Young women talk about this in the film : there ’s this metaphysical dividing line between high school , where no one is talking about having sex , and college , where everyone is expected to be having sex .
Except not too much .
Because that would be slutty , or according to the media , soul - killing ( see : Caitlin Flanagan ’s article “ Love , Actually ” in The Atlantic Monthly ) .
The flip side of all this is if you do n’t feel ready for sex , you ’re considered freakish or undesirable , so you end up either keeping that fact to yourself or doing a bunch of stuff you do n’t really want to do .
What ’s really interesting is how this plays out after college with people who have n’t yet had sex .
Those earlier expectations — - that ladies should only have sex when in love and guys should be getting some nightly — - often continue past the college years .
The women are usually still waiting for that ‘ special someone , ’ and the men are so totally humiliated by their lack of horndog experience that they just withdraw .
I hear this so often — - people just assume that not only is everyone but them having sex all the time , but that no one would want to have anything to do with someone who was sexually inexperienced .
Again , I think it ’s the script we think we should be following so we ’re not honest about what ’s really going on .
I got into this film project because I was pissed off by how women were shamed for being sexual , but as I ’ve looked deeper , I ’ve found there ’s a significant portion of people out there who feel shamed for being non-sexual .
I was a post - college bloomer myself , so I can relate .
I think it ’s interesting that if you ’re queer , you do n’t really have a cultural script to follow , because among other things your sex life is n’t about penis - in - vagina sex .
Maybe that ’s good because you can create your own script when it comes to sexual initiation .
I love the Marshall character in “ The United States of Tara , ” and I ’m hoping the writers are building up to some kind of interestingly complex virginity loss scenario .
I have n’t seen all of season 2 yet , so if it happens in Episode 11 , do n’t tell me about it .
In your work on the issue , have you come to find any healthy , inclusive , and non-judgmental conceptions of what “ virginity ” could mean ?
Or should we just call the whole “ virginity ” thing off ?
TS : I do n’t think we can call the ‘ virginity ’ thing off .
Even though it ’s socially constructed , impossible to really define ( there is n’t even a medical definition ) , and often employed as a tool of the patriarchy , virginity still matters .
For most of us , sex is important , and the first time you have a significant intimate moment , it ’s a milestone ( maybe not the best one , but a milestone nonetheless ) .
But it ’s hopefully just the first of many milestones in our sexual lives .
So , I do n’t necessarily have a problem with the word ‘ virgin , ’ just the values we attach to it .
Virginity is already imprinted with so many meanings , depending on who you ’re listening to .
It would be nice to be able to create our own personal language of sexuality , and dis - engage it from religious dogma , double standards , the fantasy porn sex you just downloaded or last night ’s episode of Gossip Girl .
We spent a whole day talking about all this at the “ Rethinking Virginity ” conference where I was a panelist , and in the end it came down to this :
Do whatever you want with whomever you want as long as it ’s consensual and safe .
Go forth and shag .
Or do n’t .
That ’s fine too .
Your film is called “ How to Lose Your Virginity . ”
Any tips ?
TS : Unfortunately , no .
I ’m hoping that by the time you ’re done watching the film , you think that phrase is absurd .
There ’s no right way , we ’re not losing anything , and virginity is ultimately an ephemeral and elusive concept .
So maybe you ’ll be mindfucked , but you ’ll still technically be a virgin .
Oracle product availability varies by country .
Please select your country for the best Oracle Store experience .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) -
An emergency alarm that could have warned workers aboard the doomed Deepwater Horizon Gulf of Mexico drilling rig was intentionally disabled , a rig engineer told U.S. investigators on Friday .
Fire boat response crews battle the blazing remnants of the off shore oil rig Deepwater Horizon , off Louisiana , in this handout photograph taken on April 21 , 2010 and obtained on April 22 .
REUTERS / U.S. Coast Guard / Handout
Mike Williams , chief engineer technician aboard Swiss - based Transocean Ltd ’s rig , said the general alarm that could have detected the cloud of flammable methane gas that enveloped the rig ’s deck on April 20 was “ inhibited . ”
“ They ( rig managers ) did not want people woke up at three o’clock in the morning from false alarms , ” Williams told a six - member federal board in the New Orleans suburb of Kenner , Louisiana .
Williams ’ appearance capped a week of testimony from company officials involved in the rig , which exploded on April 20 and sank two days later , killing 11 crewmen and sparking the worst oil spill in U.S. history .
The Transocean - owned rig was drilling a well a mile beneath the Gulf under contract for London - based BP Plc. .
However , written statements from several rig personnel taken by U.S. investigators and obtained by Reuters refer to alarms sounding on the rig .
“ At time of incident , I was in engine control room working on nightly log , ” wrote Douglas Brown , the rig ’s chief mechanic .
“ At which ( sic ) multiple gas alarms went off . ”
“ The general alarm configuration on the Deepwater Horizon was intentional and conforms to accepted maritime practices , ” Transocean said in a statement .
The rig “ had hundreds of individual fire and gas alarms , all of which were tested , in good condition , not bypassed and monitored from the bridge . ”
Four Transocean witnesses declined to appear voluntarily on Wednesday at the hearings before a joint U.S. panel convened by the U.S. Coast Guard and the Interior Department ’s Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation , and Enforcement .
The board on Thursday declared two BP officials “ parties of interest ” in the investigation , after they declined to appear .
The panel will convene for another week of hearings in Houston from August 23 to 27 , where high - level managers from BP and Transocean are scheduled to testify .
At this week ’s hearings , Transocean officials recited a litany of mechanical problems that plagued the rig , which was 43 days behind schedule in drilling the Macondo well -- called the “ well from hell ” by rig workers .
Williams , who has filed a lawsuit against Transocean , said a computer system that monitored well - drilling operations , known as the “ A chair , ” was often offline due to technical issues .
“ We called it the blue screen of death , ” Williams said .
“ It would turn blue and you would have no data coming through . ”
Vice President Joe Biden , in a tv interview Wednesday , said that Israel had the right to stop an aid flotilla en route to Gaza that was intercepted by Israeli forces and resulted in the deaths of several activists .
Haaretz , the Israeli daily , noted that Biden did n’t “ go so far as to defend the botched Israel Navy raid that killed nine people earlier this week . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In an interview with Charlie Rose , Biden pointed out that Israel had given pro-Palestinian activists the option of unloading their cargo at the Ashdod port , and offered to bring it to the Gaza Strip on their behalf .
“ They ’ve said , ‘ Here you go .
You ’re in the Mediterranean .
This ship — if you divert slightly north you can unload it and we ’ll get the stuff into Gaza , ' ” , he said .
“ So what ’s the big deal here ?
What ’s the big deal of insisting it go straight to Gaza ?
Well , it ’s legitimate for Israel to say , ‘ I do n’t know what ’s on that ship .
These guys are droppingÃ¢â‚ ¬Â¦ 3,000 rockets on my people .
“ Look , you can argue whether Israel should have dropped people onto that ship or not — but the truth of the matter is , Israel has a right to know — they ’re at war with Hamas — has a right to know whether or not arms are being smuggled in . ”
According to the paper , Biden also said : “ As we put pressure , and the world put pressure on Israel to let material go into Gaza to help those people who are suffering , the ordinary Palestinians there , what happened ?
Hamas would confiscate it , put it in a warehouse [ and ] sell it .
“ So the problem is this would end tomorrow if Hamas agreed to form a government with the Palestinian Authority on the conditions the international community has set up , ” Biden added .
The full Haaretz story is available here .
Spring Roo is an exciting new rapid application development framework .
It slices and dices and packs all the punches of frameworks like Rails and Grails but the end result is pure Java .
In this presentation , we will be discussing what Spring Roo is and demonstrate it ’s how it can be used to trim your development time and make your code more readable .
Video Producer : Oklahoma City Java Users Group
First published Wed Jul 21 , 2010 ; substantive revision Mon May 29 , 2017
Computation is also central to psychology and neuroscience , and perhaps other areas of biology .
According to the computational theory of cognition , cognition is a kind of computation : the behavior of cognitive systems is causally explained by the computations they perform .
In order to test a computational theory of something , we need to know what counts as a computation in a physical system .
Once again , the nature of computation lies at the foundation of empirical science .
How powerful a computer can you build ?
Can you build a machine that computes anything you wish ?
Although it is often said that modern computers can compute anything ( i.e. , any function of natural numbers , or equivalently , any function of strings of letters from a finite alphabet ) , this is incorrect .
Ordinary computers can compute only a tiny subset of all functions .
Is it physically possible to do better ?
Which functions are physically computable ?
These questions are bound up with the foundations of physics .
In addition to our ordinary discourse , computation is central to many sciences .
Computer scientists design , build , and program computers .
But again , what counts as a computer ?
If a salesperson sold you an ordinary rock as a computer , you should probably get your money back .
Again , what does the rock lack that a genuine computer has ?
In our ordinary discourse , we distinguish between physical systems that perform computations , such as computers and calculators , and physical systems that do n't , such as rocks .
Among computing devices , we distinguish between more and less powerful ones .
These distinctions affect our behavior : if a device is computationally more powerful than another , we pay more money for it .
What grounds these distinctions ?
What is the principled difference , if there is one , between a rock and a calculator , or between a calculator and a computer ?
Answering these questions is more difficult than it may seem .
Computation may be studied mathematically by formally defining computational objects , such as algorithms and Turing machines , and proving theorems about their properties .
The mathematical theory of computation is a well - established branch of mathematics .
It deals with computation in the abstract , without worrying much about physical implementation .
By contrast , most uses of computation in science and ordinary practice deal with concrete computation : computation in concrete physical systems such as computers and brains .
Concrete computation is closely related to abstract computation : we speak of physical systems as running an algorithm or as implementing a Turing machine , for example .
But the relationship between concrete computation and abstract computation is not part of the mathematical theory of computation per se and requires further investigation .
Questions about concrete computation are the main subject of this entry .
Nevertheless , it is important to bear in mind some basic mathematical results .
The most important notion of computation is that of digital computation , which Alan Turing , Kurt Gödel , Alonzo Church , Emil Post , and Stephen Kleene formalized in the 1930s .
Their work investigated the foundations of mathematics .
One crucial question was whether first order logic is decidable — whether there is an algorithm that determines whether any given first order logical formula is a theorem .
Turing ( 1936 –7 ) and Church ( 1936 ) proved that the answer is negative : there is no such algorithm .
To show this , they offered precise characterizations of the informal notion of algorithmically computable function .
Turing did so in terms of so - called Turing machines — devices that manipulate discrete symbols written on a tape in accordance with finitely many instructions .
Other logicians did the same thing — they formalized the notion of algorithmically computable function — in terms of other notions , such as λ-definable functions and general recursive functions .
To their surprise , all such notions turned out to be extensionally equivalent , that is , any function computable within any of these formalisms is computable within any of the others .
They took this as evidence that their quest for a precise definition of “ algorithm ” or “ algorithmically computable function ” had been successful .
The resulting view — that Turing machines and other equivalent formalisms capture the informal notion of algorithm — is now known as the Church - Turing thesis ( more on this in Section 4 ) .
The study of computable functions , made possible by the work of Turing et al. , is part of the mathematical theory of computation .
The theoretical significance of Turing et al . 's notion of computation can hardly be overstated .
As Gödel pointed out ( in a lecture following one by Tarski ) :
Tarski has stressed in his lecture ( and I think justly ) the great importance of the concept of general recursiveness ( or Turing 's computability ) .
It seems to me that this importance is largely due to the fact that with this concept one has for the first time succeeded in giving an absolute definition of an interesting epistemological notion , i.e. , one not depending on the formalism chosen .
( Gödel 1946 , 84 )
Turing also showed that there are universal Turing machines — machines that can compute any function computable by any other Turing machine .
Universal machines do this by executing instructions that encode the behavior of the machine they simulate .
Assuming the Church - Turing thesis , universal Turing machines can compute any function computable by algorithm .
This result is significant for computer science : you do n't need to build different computers for different functions ; one universal computer will suffice to compute any computable function .
Modern digital computers approximate universal machines in Turing 's sense : digital computers can compute any function computable by algorithm for as long as they have time and memory .
( Strictly speaking , a universal machine has an unbounded memory , whereas digital computer memories can be extended but not indefinitely , so they are not unbounded . )
The above result should not be confused with the common claim that computers can compute anything .
This claim is false : another important result of computability theory is that most functions are not computable by Turing machines ( and hence , by digital computers ) .
Turing machines compute functions defined over denumerable domains , such as strings of letters from a finite alphabet .
There are uncountably many such functions .
But there are only countably many Turing machines ; you can enumerate Turing machines by enumerating all lists of Turing machine instructions .
Since an uncountable infinity is much larger than a countable one , it follows that Turing machines ( and hence digital computers ) can compute only a tiny portion of all functions ( over denumerable domains , such as natural numbers or strings of letters ) .
Turing machines and most modern computers are known as ( classical ) digital computers , that is , computers that manipulate strings of discrete , unambiguously distinguishable states .
Digital computers are sometimes contrasted with analog computers , that is , machines that manipulate continuous variables .
Continuous variables are variables that can change their value continuously over time while taking any value within a certain interval .
Analog computers are used primarily to solve certain systems of differential equations ( Pour - El 1974 , Rubel 1993 ) .
Classical digital computers may also be contrasted with quantum computers .
Quantum computers manipulate quantum states called qubits .
Unlike the computational states of digital computers , qubits are not unambiguously distinguishable from one another .
This entry will focus primarily on classical digital computation .
For more on quantum computation , see the entry on quantum computing .
The same objects studied in the mathematical theory of computation —
Turing machines , algorithms , and so on — are typically said to be implemented by concrete physical systems .
This poses a problem : how can a concrete , physical system perform a computation when computation is defined by an abstract mathematical formalism ?
This may be called the problem of computational implementation .
The problem of computational implementation may be formulated in a couple of different ways .
Some people interpret the formalisms of computability theory as defining abstract objects .
According to this interpretation , Turing machines , algorithms , and the like are abstract objects .
But how can a concrete physical system implement an abstract object ?
Other people treat the formalisms of computability theory simply as abstract computational descriptions .
But how can a concrete physical system satisfy an abstract computational description ?
Regardless of how the problem of computational implementation is formulated , solving it requires an account of concrete computation — an account of what it takes for a physical system to perform a given computation .
A closely related problem is that of distinguishing between physical systems such as digital computers , which appear to compute , and physical systems such as rocks , which appear not to compute .
Unlike computers , ordinary rocks are not sold in computer stores and are usually not considered computers .
Why ?
What do computers have that rocks lack , such that computers compute and rocks do n't ?
( If indeed they do n't ? )
In other words , what does it take for a computation to be implemented in a concrete physical system ?
Different answers to these questions give rise to different accounts of concrete computation .
Questions on the nature of concrete computation should not be confused with questions about computational modeling .
The dynamical evolution of many physical systems may be described by computational models .
Computational models describe the dynamics of a system that are written into , and run by , a computer .
The behavior of rocks — as well as rivers , ecosystems , and planetary systems , among many others — may well be modeled computationally .
From this , it does n't follow that the modeled systems are computing devices — that they themselves perform computations .
Prima facie , only relatively few and quite special systems compute .
Explaining what makes them special — or explaining away our feeling that they are special — is the job of an account of concrete computation .
One of the earliest and most influential accounts of computation is due to Hilary Putnam .
To a first approximation , the account says that anything that is accurately described by a computational description C is a computing system implementing C .
More precisely , Putnam sketches his earliest account in terms of Turing machines only , appealing to the “ machine tables ” that are a standard way of defining specific Turing machines .
A machine table consists of one column for each of the ( finitely many ) internal states of the Turing machine and one row for each of the machine 's symbol types .
Each entry in the machine table specifies what the machine does given the pertinent symbol and internal state .
Here is how Putnam explains what it takes for a physical system to be a Turing machine :
A ‘ machine table ’ describes a machine if the machine has internal states corresponding to the columns of the table , and if it ‘ obeys ’ the instruction in the table in the following sense : when it is scanning a square on which a symbol s 1 appears and it is in , say , state B , that it carries out the ‘ instruction ’ in the appropriate row and column of the table ( in this case , column B and row s 1 ) .
Any machine that is described by a machine table of the sort just exemplified is a Turing machine .
( Putnam 1960 / 1975a , 365 ; cf. also Putnam 1967/1975a , 433–4 )
This account relies on several unexplained notions , such as square ( of tape ) , symbol , scanning , and carrying out an instruction .
Furthermore , the account is specified in terms of Turing machine tables , but there are other kinds of computational description .
A general account of concrete computation should cover other computational descriptions besides Turing machine tables .
Perhaps for these reasons , Putnam — soon followed by many others — abandoned reference to squares , symbols , etc. ; he substituted them with an appeal to a physical description of the system .
The result of that substitution is what Godfrey - Smith ( 2009 ) dubs the “ simple mapping account ” of computation .
According to the simple mapping account , a physical system S performs computation C just in case ( i ) there is a mapping from the states ascribed to S by a physical description to the states defined by computational description C , such that ( ii ) the state transitions between the physical states mirror the state transitions between the computational states .
Clause ( ii ) requires that for any computational state transition of the form s 1 → s 2 ( specified by the computational description C ) , if the system is in the physical state that maps onto s 1 , it then goes into the physical state that maps onto s 2 .
One difficulty with the formulation above is that ordinary physical descriptions , such as systems of differential equations , generally ascribe uncountably many states to physical systems , whereas ordinary computational descriptions , such as Turing machine tables , ascribe at most countably many states .
Thus , there are not enough computational states for the physical states to map onto .
One solution to this problem is to reverse the direction of the mapping , requiring a mapping of the computational states onto ( a subset of ) the physical states .
Another , more common solution to this problem — often left implicit — is to select either a subset of the physical states or equivalence classes of the physical states and map those onto the computational states .
When this is done , clause ( i ) is replaced by the following : ( i′ ) there is a mapping from a subset of ( or equivalence classes of ) the states ascribed to S by a physical description to the states defined by computational description C .
The simple mapping account turns out to be very liberal : it attributes many computations to many systems .
In the absence of restrictions on which mappings are acceptable , such mappings are relatively easy to come by .
As a consequence , some have argued that every physical system implements every computation ( Putnam 1988 , Searle 1992 ) .
This thesis , which trivializes the claim that something is a computing system , will be discussed in Section 3.1 .
Meanwhile , the desire to avoid this trivialization result is one motivation behind other accounts of concrete computation .
One way to construct accounts of computation that are more restrictive than the simple mapping account is to impose a constraint on acceptable mappings .
Specifically , clause ( ii ) may be modified so as to require that the conditional that specifies the relevant physical state transitions be logically stronger than a material conditional .
As the simple mapping account has it , clause ( ii ) requires that for any computational state transition of the form s 1 → s 2 ( specified by a computational description ) , if the system is in the physical state that maps onto s 1 , it then goes into the physical state that maps onto s 2 .
The second part of ( ii ) is a material conditional .
It may be strengthened by turning it into a logically stronger conditional — specifically , a conditional expressing a relation that supports counterfactuals .
In a pure counterfactual account , clause ( ii ) is strengthened simply by requiring that the physical state transitions support certain counterfactuals ( Block 1978 , Maudlin 1989 , Copeland 1996 , Rescorla 2014 ) .
In other words , the pure counterfactual account requires the mapping between computational and physical descriptions to be such that the counterfactual relations between the physical states are isomorphic to the counterfactual relations between the computational states .
Different authors formulate the relevant counterfactuals in slightly different ways : ( a ) if the system had been in a physical state that maps onto an arbitrary computational state ( specified by the relevant computational description ) , it would then have gone into a physical state that maps onto the relevant subsequent computational state ( as specified by the computational description ) ( Maudlin 1989 , 415 ) , ( b ) if the system had been in a physical state that maps onto s 1 , it would have gone into a physical state that maps onto s 2 ( Copeland 1996 , 341 ) , ( c ) if the system were in a physical state that maps onto s 1 , it would go into a physical state that maps onto s 2 ( Chalmers 1996 , 312 ) .
Regardless of the exact formulation , none of these counterfactuals are satisfied by the material conditional of clause ( ii ) as it appears in the simple mapping account of computation .
Thus , counterfactual accounts are stronger than the simple mapping account .
An account of concrete computation in which the physical state transitions support counterfactuals may also be generated by appealing to causal or dispositional relations , assuming ( as most people do ) that causal or dispositional relations support counterfactuals .
Appealing to causation or dispositions may also have advantages over pure counterfactual accounts in blocking unwanted computational implementations ( Klein 2008 , 145 , makes the case for dispositional versus counterfactual accounts ) .
In a causal account , clause ( ii ) is strengthened by requiring a causal relation between the physical states : for any computational state transition of the form s 1 → s 2 ( specified by a computational description ) , if the system is in the physical state that maps onto s 1 , its physical state causes it to go into the physical state that maps onto s 2 ( Chrisley 1995 , Chalmers 1995 , 1996 , 2011 , Scheutz 1999 , 2001 ) .
To this causal constraint on acceptable mappings , David Chalmers ( 1995 , 1996 , 2011 ) adds a further restriction ( in order to avoid unlimited pancomputationalism , which is discussed in Section 3 ) : a genuine physical implementation of a computational system must divide into separate physical components , each of which maps onto the components specified by the computational formalism .
As Godfrey - Smith ( 2009 , 293 ) notes , this combination of a causal and a localizational constraint goes in the direction of mechanistic explanation ( Machamer , Darden , and Craver 2000 ) .
An account of computation that is explicitly based on mechanistic explanation will be discussed in Section 2.5 .
For now , the causal account simpliciter requires only that the mappings between computational and physical descriptions be such that the causal relations between the physical states are isomorphic to the relations between state transitions specified by the computational description .
Thus , according to the causal account , concrete computation is the causal structure of a physical process .
In a dispositional account , clause ( ii ) is strengthened by requiring a dispositional relation between the physical states : for any computational state transition of the form s 1 → s 2 ( specified by a computational description ) , if the system is in the physical state that maps onto s 1 , the system manifests a disposition whose manifestation is the transition from the physical state that maps onto s 1 to the physical state that maps onto s 2 ( Klein 2008 ) .
In other words , the dispositional account requires the mapping between computational and physical descriptions to be such that the dispositional relations between the physical states are isomorphic to the relations between state transitions specified by the computational description .
Thus , according to the dispositional account , concrete computation is the dispositional structure of a physical process .
The difference between the simple mapping account on the one hand and counterfactual , causal , and dispositional accounts on the other may be seen by examining a simple example .
Consider a rock under the sun , early in the morning .
During any time interval , the rock 's temperature rises .
The rock goes from temperature T to temperature T+1 , to T+2 , to T+3 .
Now consider a NOT gate that feeds its output back to itself .
At first , suppose the NOT gate receives ‘ 0 ’ as an input ; it then returns a ‘ 1 ’ .
After the ‘ 1 ’ is fed back to the NOT gate , the gate returns a ‘ 0 ’ again , and so on .
The NOT gate goes back and forth between outputting a ‘ 0 ’ and outputting a ‘ 1 ’ .
Now map physical states T and T+2 onto ‘ 0 ’ ; then map T+1 and T+3 onto ‘ 1 ’ .
According to the simple mapping account , the rock implements a NOT gate undergoing the computation represented by ‘ 0101 ’ .
By contast , according to the counterfactual account , the rock 's putative computational implementation is spurious , because the physical state transitions do not support counterfactuals .
If the rock were put in state T , it may or may not transition into T+1 depending on whether it is morning or evening and other extraneous factors .
Since the rock 's physical state transitions that map onto the NOT gate 's computational state transitions do not support counterfactuals , the rock does not implement the NOT gate according to the counterfactual account .
According to the causal and dispositional accounts too , this putative computational implementation is spurious , because the physical state transitions are not due to causal or dispositional properties of the rock and its states .
T does not cause T+1 , nor does the rock have a disposition to go into T+1 when it is in T .
Rather , the rock changes its state due to the action of the sun .
Since the rock 's physical state transitions that map onto the NOT gate 's computational state transitions are not grounded in either the causal or dispositional properties of the rock and its states , the rock does not implement the NOT gate according to the causal and dispositional accounts .
It is important to note that under the present family of accounts , there are mappings between any physical system and at least some computational descriptions .
Thus , according to the present accounts , everything performs at least some computations ( cf. Section 3.2 ) .
This still strikes some as overly inclusive .
In computer science and cognitive science , there seems to be a distinction between systems that compute and systems that do not .
To account for this distinction , one option is to retain the current account of computational implementation while restricting the class of descriptions that count as computational descriptions .
Another option is to move beyond this account of implementation .
In our everyday life , we usually employ computations to process meaningful symbols , in order to extract information from them .
The semantic account of computation turns this practice into a metaphysical doctrine : computation is the processing of representations — or at least , the processing of appropriate representations in appropriate ways .
Opinions as to which representational manipulations constitute computations vary a great deal ( Fodor 1975 , Cummins 1983 , Pylyshyn 1984 , Churchland and Sejnowski 1992 , Shagrir 2006 ) .
What all versions of the semantic account have in common is that they take seriously the reference to symbols in Putnam 's original account of computation : there is “ no computation without representation ” ( Fodor 1981 , 180 ) .
The semantic account may be seen as imposing a further restriction on acceptable mappings .
In addition to the causal restriction imposed by the causal account ( mutatis mutandis for the counterfactual and dispositional accounts ) , the semantic account imposes a semantic restriction .
Only physical states that qualify as representations may be mapped onto computational descriptions , thereby qualifying as computational states .
If a state is not representational , it is not computational either .
The semantic account is probably the most popular in the philosophy of mind , because it appears to fit its specific needs better than other accounts .
Since minds and digital computers are generally assumed to manipulate ( the right kind of ) representations , they turn out to compute .
Since most other systems are generally assumed not to manipulate ( the relevant kind of ) representations , they do not compute .
Thus , the semantic account appears to accommodate some common intuitions about what does and does not count as a computing system .
It keeps minds and computers in while leaving most everything else out , thereby vindicating the computational theory of cognition as a strong and nontrivial theory .
The semantic account raises three important questions : how representations are to be individuated , what counts as a representation of the relevant kind , and what gives representations their semantic content .
On the individuation of computational states , the main debate divides internalists from externalists .
According to externalists , computational vehicles are symbols individuated by their wide cognitive contents — paradigmatically , the things that the symbols stand for ( Burge 1986 , Shapiro 1997 , Shagrir 2001 ) .
By contrast , most internalists maintain that computational vehicles are symbols individuated by narrow cognitive contents ( Segal 1991 ) .
Narrow contents are , roughly speaking , semantic contents defined in terms of intrinsic properties of the system .
Cognitive contents , in turn , are contents ascribed to a system by a cognitive psychological theory .
For instance , the cognitive contents of the visual system are visual contents , whereas the cognitive contents of the auditory system are auditory contents .
To illustrate the dispute , consider two physically identical cognitive systems A and B . Among the symbols processed by A is symbol S. A produces instances of S whenever A is in front of bodies of water , when A is thinking of water , and when A is forming plans to interact with water .
In short , symbol S appears to stand for water .
Every time A processes S , system B processes symbol S′ , which is physically identical to S .
But system B lives in an environment different from A's environment .
Whenever A is surrounded by water , B is surrounded by twater .
Twater is a substance superficially indistinguishable from water but in fact physically different from it .
Thus , symbol
S′ appears to stand for twater ( cf. Putnam 1975 b ) .
So , we are assuming that A and B live in relevantly different environments , such that S appears to stand for water while S′ appears to stand for twater .
We are also assuming that A is processing S in the same way that B is processing S′ .
There is no intrinsic physical difference between A and B .
According to externalists , when A is processing S and B is processing S′ they are in computational states of different types .
According to internalists , A and B are in computational states of the same type .
In other words , externalists maintain that computational states are individuated in part by their reference , which is determined at least in part independently of the intrinsic physical properties of cognitive systems .
By contrast , internalists maintain that computational states are individuated in a way that supervenes solely on the intrinsic physical properties of cognitive systems .
So far , externalists and internalists agree on one thing : computational states are individuated by cognitive contents .
This assumption can be resisted without abandoning the semantic account of computation .
According to Egan ( 1999 ) , computational vehicles are not individuated by cognitive contents of any kind , whether wide or narrow .
Rather , they are individuated by their mathematical contents — that is , mathematical functions and objects ascribed as semantic contents to the computational vehicles by a computational theory of the system .
Since mathematical contents are the same across physical duplicates , Egan maintains that her mathematical contents are a kind of narrow content — she is a kind of internalist .
Let us now turn to what counts as a representation .
This debate is less clearly delineated .
According to some authors , only structures that have a language - like combinatorial syntax , which supports a compositional semantics , count as computational vehicles , and only manipulations that respect the semantic properties of such structures count as computations ( Fodor 1975 , Pylyshyn 1984 ) .
This suggestion flies in the face of computability theory , which imposes no such requirement on what counts as a computational vehicle .
Other authors are more inclusive on what representational manipulations count as computations , but they have not been especially successful in drawing the line between computational and non-computational processes .
Few people would include all manipulations of representations — including , say , painting a picture and recording a speech — as computations , but there is no consensus on where to draw the boundary between representational manipulations that count as computations and representational manipulations that do not .
A third question is what gives representations their semantic content .
There are three families of views .
Instrumentalists believe that ascribing semantic content to things is just heuristically useful for prediction and explanation ; semantic properties are not real properties of computational states ( e.g. , Dennett 1987 , Egan 2010 ) .
Realists who are not naturalists believe semantic properties are real properties of computational states , but they are irreducible to non-semantic properties .
Finally , realists who are also naturalists believe semantic properties are both real and reducible to non-semantic properties , though they disagree on exactly how to reduce them ( e.g. , Fodor 2008 , Harman 1987 ) .
The semantic account of computation is closely related to the common view that computation is information processing .
This idea is less clear than it may seem , because there are several notions of information .
The connection between information processing and computation is different depending on which notion of information is at stake .
What follows is a brief disambiguation of the view that computation is information processing based on four important notions of information ( cf. Piccinini and Scarantino 2011 ) .
Information in the sense of thermodynamics is closely related to thermodynamic entropy .
Entropy is a property of every physical system .
Thermodynamic entropy is , roughly , a measure of an observer 's uncertainty about the microscopic state of a system after she considers the observable macroscopic properties of the system .
The study of the thermodynamics of computation is a lively field with many implications in the foundations of physics ( Leff and Rex 2003 ) .
In this thermodynamic sense of “ information , ” any difference between two distinguishable states of a system may be said to carry information .
Computation may well be said to be information processing in this sense , but this has little to do with semantics properly so called .
However , the connections between thermodynamics , computation , and information theory are one possible source of inspiration for the view that every physical system is a computing system ( see Section 3.4 ) .
Information in the sense of communication theory is a measure of the average likelihood that a given message is transmitted between a source and a receiver ( Shannon and Weaver 1949 ) .
This has little to do with semantics , too .
Information in one semantic sense is approximately the same as “ natural meaning ” ( Grice 1957 ) .
A signal carries information in this sense just in case it reliably correlates with a source ( Dretske 1981 ) .
The view that computation is information processing in this sense is prima facie implausible , because many computations — such as arithmetical calculations carried out on digital computers — do not seem to carry any natural meaning .
Nevertheless , this notion of semantic information is relevant here because it has been used by some theorists to ground an account of representation ( Dretske 1981 , Fodor 2008 ) .
Information in another semantic sense is just ordinary semantic content or “ non-natural meaning ” ( Grice 1957 ) .
This is the kind of semantic content that most philosophers discuss .
The view that computation is information processing in this sense is similar to a generic semantic account of computation .
Although the semantic account of computation appears to fit the needs of philosophers of mind , it appears less suited to make sense of other sciences .
Most pertinently , representation does not seem to be presupposed by the notion of computation employed in at least some areas of cognitive science as well as computability theory and computer science — the very sciences that gave rise to the notion of computation at the origin of the computational theory of cognition ( Fresco 2010 ) .
If this is correct , the semantic account may not even be adequate to the needs of philosophers of mind — at least those philosophers of mind who wish to make sense of the analogy between minds and the systems designed and studied by computer scientists and computability theorists .
Another criticism of the semantic account is that specifying the kind of representation and representational manipulation that is relevant to computation may require a non-semantic way of individuating computations ( Piccinini 2004 ) .
These concerns motivate efforts to account for computation in non-semantic terms .
As we saw , the semantic account needs to specify which representations are relevant to computation .
One view is that the relevant representations are language - like , that is , they have the kind of syntactic structure exhibited by sentences in a language .
Computation , then , is the manipulation of language - like representations in a way that is sensitive to their syntactic structure and preserves their semantic properties ( Fodor 1975 ) .
As discussed in the previous section , however , using the notion of representation in an account of computation involves some difficulties .
If computation could be accounted for without appealing to representation , those difficulties would be avoided .
One way to do so is to maintain that computation simply is the manipulation of language - like structures in accordance with their syntactic properties , leaving semantics by the wayside .
The structures being manipulated are assumed to be language - like only in that they have syntactic properties — they need not have any semantics .
In this syntactic account of computation , the notion of representation is not used at all .
The syntactic account may be seen as adding a restriction on acceptable mappings that replaces the semantic restriction proposed by the semantic account .
Instead of a semantic restriction , the syntactic account imposes a syntactic restriction : only physical states that qualify as syntactic may be mapped onto computational descriptions , thereby qualifying as computational states .
If a state lacks syntactic structure , it is not computational .
What remains to be seen is what counts as a syntactic state .
An important account of syntax in the physical world is due to Stephen Stich ( 1983 , 150 –157 ) .
Although Stich does not use the term “ computation , ” his account of syntax is aimed at grounding a syntactic account of mental states and processes .
Stich 's syntactic theory of mind is , in turn , his interpretation of the computational theories proposed by cognitive scientists — in competition with Fodor 's semantic interpretation .
Since Stich 's account of syntax is ultimately aimed at grounding computational theories of cognition , Stich 's account of syntax also provides an ( implicit ) syntactic account of computation .
According to Stich , roughly speaking , a physical system contains syntactically structured objects when two conditions are satisfied .
First , there is a mapping between the behaviorally relevant physical states of the system and a class of syntactic types , which are specified by a grammar that defines how complex syntactic types can be formed out of ( finitely many ) primitive syntactic types .
Second , the behavior of the system is explained by a theory whose generalizations are formulated in terms of formal relations between the syntactic types that map onto the physical states of the system .
The syntactic account of computation is not very popular .
A common objection is that it seems difficult to give an account of primitive syntactic types that does not presuppose a prior semantic individuation of the types ( Crane 1990 , Jacquette 1991 , Bontly 1998 ) .
In fact , it is common to make sense of syntax by construing it as a way to combine symbols , that is , semantically interpreted constituents .
If syntax is construed in this way , it presupposes semantics .
And if so , the syntactic account of computation collapses into the semantic account .
Another objection is that language - like syntactic structure is not necessary for computation as it is understood in computer science and computability theory .
Although computing systems surely can manipulate linguistic structures , they do n't have to .
They can also manipulate simple sequences of letters , without losing their identity as computers .
( Computability theorists call any set of words from a finite alphabet a language , but that broad notion of language should not be confused with the narrower notion — inspired by grammars in logic and linguistics — that Stich employs in his syntactic account of computation . )
The mechanistic account ( Piccinini 2007 , 2015 ; cf. Kaplan 2011 , Milkowski 2013 , Fresco 2014 ) avoids appealing to both syntax and semantics .
Instead , it accounts for concrete computation in terms of the mechanistic properties of a system .
According to the mechanistic account , concrete computing systems are functional mechanisms of a special kind — mechanisms that perform concrete computations .
A functional mechanism is a system of organized components , each of which has functions to perform ( cf. Craver 2012 , Garson 2013 ) .
When appropriate components and their functions are appropriately organized and functioning properly , their combined activities constitute the capacities of the mechanism .
Conversely , when we look for an explanation of the capacities of a mechanism , we decompose the mechanism into its components and look for their functions and organization .
The result is a mechanistic explanation of the mechanism 's capacities .
This notion of mechanism is familiar to biologists and engineers .
For example , biologists explain physiological capacities ( digestion , respiration , etc. ) in terms of the functions performed by systems of organized components ( the digestive system , the respiratory system , etc. ) .
According to the mechanistic account , a computation in the generic sense is the processing of vehicles according to rules that are sensitive to certain vehicle properties , and specifically , to differences between different portions of the vehicles .
The processing is performed by a functional mechanism , that is , a mechanism whose components are functionally organized to perform the computation .
Thus , if the mechanism malfunctions , a miscomputation occurs .
Digital computation , analog computation , etc. turn out to be species of generic computation .
They are differentiated by more specific properties of the vehicles being processed .
If a computing system processes strings of discrete states , then it performs a digital computation .
If a computing system processes continuous variables , then it performs an analog computation .
If a computing system processes qubits , then it performs a quantum computation .
When we define concrete computations and the vehicles that they manipulate , we need not consider all of their specific physical properties .
We may consider only the properties that are relevant to the computation , according to the rules that define the computation .
A physical system can be described more or less abstractly .
According to the mechanistic account , an abstract description of a physical system is not a description of an abstract object but rather a description of a concrete system that omits certain details .
Descriptions of concrete computations and their vehicles are sufficiently abstract as to be defined independently of the physical media that implement them in particular cases .
Because of this , concrete computations and their vehicles are sometimes said to be ‘ medium - independent ’ .
In other words , a vehicle is medium - independent just in case the rules ( i.e. , the input - output maps ) that define a computation are sensitive only to differences between portions of the vehicles along specific dimensions of variation — they are insensitive to any more concrete physical properties of the vehicles .
Put yet another way , the rules are functions of state variables associated with a set of functionally relevant degrees of freedom , which can be implemented differently in different physical media .
Thus , a given computation can be implemented in multiple physical media ( e.g. , mechanical , electro - mechanical , electronic , magnetic , etc. ) , provided that the media possess a sufficient number of dimensions of variation ( or degrees of freedom ) that can be appropriately accessed and manipulated and that the components of the mechanism are functionally organized in the appropriate way .
Notice that the mechanistic account avoids pancomputationalism .
First , physical systems that are not functional mechanisms are ruled out .
Functional mechanisms are complex systems of components that are organized to perform functions .
Any system whose components are not organized to perform functions is not a computing system because it is not a functional mechanism .
Second , mechanisms that lack the function of manipulating medium - independent vehicles are ruled out .
Finally , medium - independent vehicle manipulators whose manipulations fail to accord with appropriate rules are ruled out .
The second and third constraints appeal to special functional properties — manipulating medium - independent vehicles , doing so in accordance with rules defined over the vehicles — that are possessed only by relatively few physical systems .
According to the mechanistic account , those few systems are the genuine computing systems .
Another feature of the mechanistic account is that it accounts for the possibility of miscomputation — a possibility difficult to make sense of under other accounts .
To illustrate the point , consider an ordinary computer programmed to compute function f on input i.
Suppose that the computer malfunctions and produces an output different from f( i ) .
According to the causal ( semantic ) account , the computer just underwent a causal process ( a manipulation of representations ) , which may be given a computational description and hence counts as computing some function g( i ) , where g≠f .
By contrast , according to the mechanistic account , the computer simply failed to compute , or at least it failed to complete its computation correctly .
Given the importance of avoiding miscomputations in the design and use of computers , the ability of the mechanistic account to make sense of miscomputation may be an advantage over rival accounts .
A final feature of the mechanistic account is that it distinguishes and characterizes precisely many different kinds of computing systems based on the specific vehicles they manipulate and their specific mechanistic properties .
The mechanistic account has been used to explicate digital computation , analog computation , computation by neural networks , and other important distinctions such as hardwired vs. programmable and serial vs. parallel computation ( Piccinini 2015 ) .
Which physical systems perform computations ?
According to pancomputationalism , they all do .
Even rocks , hurricanes , and planetary systems — contrary to appearances — are computing systems .
Pancomputationalism is quite popular among some philosophers and physicists .
Varieties of pancomputationalism vary with respect to how many computations — all , many , a few , or just one — they attribute to each system .
The strongest version of pancomputationalism is that every physical system performs every computation — or at least , every sufficiently complex system implements a large number of non-equivalent computations ( Putnam 1988 , Searle 1992 ) .
This may be called unlimited pancomputationalism .
The weakest version of pancomputationalism is that every physical system performs some ( as opposed to every ) computation .
A slightly stronger version maintains that everything performs a few computations , some of which encode the others in some relatively unproblematic way ( Scheutz 2001 ) .
These versions may be called limited pancomputationalism .
Varieties of pancomputationalism also vary with respect to why everything performs computations — the source of pancomputationalism .
One alleged source of pancomputationalism is that which computation a system performs is a matter of relatively free interpretation .
If whether a system performs a given computation depends solely or primarily on how the system is perceived , as opposed to objective fact , then it seems that everything computes because everything may be seen as computing ( Searle 1992 ) .
This may be called interpretivist pancomputationalism .
Another alleged source of pancomputationalism is that everything has causal structure .
According to the causal account , computation is the causal structure of physical processes ( Chrisley 1995 , Chalmers 1995 , 1996 , Scheutz 1999 , 2001 ) .
Assuming that everything has causal structure , it follows that everything performs the computation constituted by its causal structure .
This may be called causal pancomputationalism .
Not everyone will agree that everything has causal structure .
Some processes may be non-causal , or causation may be just a façon de parler that does not capture anything fundamental about the world ( e.g. , Norton 2003 ) .
But those who have qualms about causation can recover a view similar to causal pancomputationalism by reformulating the causal account of computation and consequent version of pancomputationalism in terms they like — e.g. , in terms of the dynamical properties of physical systems .
A third alleged source of pancomputationalism is that every physical state carries information , in combination with an information - based semantics plus a liberal version of the semantic view of computation .
According to the semantic view of computation , computation is the manipulation of representations .
According to information - based semantics , a representation is anything that carries information .
Assuming that every physical state carries information , it follows that every physical system performs the computations constituted by the manipulation of its information - carrying states ( cf. Shagrir 2006 ) .
Both information - based semantics and the assumption that every physical state carries information ( in the relevant sense ) remain controversial .
Yet another alleged source of pancomputationalism is that computation is the nature of the physical universe .
According to some physicists , the physical world is computational at its most fundamental level .
This view , which is a special version of limited pancomputationalism , will be discussed in Section 3.4 .
Arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism go back to Hinckfuss 's pail , a putative counterexample to computational functionalism — the view that the mind is the software of the brain .
Hinckfuss 's pail is named after its proponent , Ian Hinckfuss , but was first discussed in print by William Lycan .
A pail of water contains a huge number of microscopic processes :
Now is all this activity not complex enough that , simply by chance , it might realize a human program for a brief period ( given suitable correlations between certain micro-events and the requisite input- , output - , and state - symbols of the program ) ?
( Lycan 1981 , 39 )
Hinckfuss 's implied answer to this question is that yes , a pail of water might implement a human program , and therefore any arbitrary computation , at least for a short time .
Other authors developed more detailed arguments along the lines of Hinckfuss 's pail .
John Searle ( 1992 ) explicitly argues that whether a physical system implements a computation depends on how an observer interprets the system ; therefore , for any sufficiently complex object and for any computation , the object can be described as implementing the computation .
The first rigorous argument for unlimited pancomputationalism is due to Hilary Putnam ( 1988 ) , who argues that every ordinary open system implements every abstract finite automaton ( without inputs and outputs ) .
Putnam assumes that electromagnetic and gravitational fields are continuous and that physical systems are in different maximal states at different times .
He considers an arbitrarily chosen finite automaton whose table calls for the sequence of states ABABABA .
He then considers an arbitrary physical system S over the arbitrarily chosen time interval from 12:00 to 12:07 and argues that S implements the sequence ABABABA .
Since both the automaton and the physical system are arbitrary , the argument generalizes to any automaton and any physical state .
Here is the core of Putnam 's argument :
Let the beginnings of the intervals during which S is to be in one of its stages A or B be t 1 , t 2 , … t n ( in the example given , n = 7 , and the times in question are t 1 = 12:00 , t 2 = 12:01 , t 3 = 12:02 , t 4 = 12:03 , t 5 = 12:04 , t 6 = 12:05 , t 7 = 12:06 ) .
The end of the real - time interval during which we wish S to “ obey ” this table we call t n+1 ( = t 8 = 12:07 , in our example ) .
For each of the intervals t i to t i +1 , i = 1 , 2 , … , n , define a ( nonmaximal ) interval state s i which is the “ region ” in phase space consisting of all the maximal states … with t i ≤ t < t+1. ( I.e. , S is in s i just in case S is in one of the maximal states in this “ region . ” )
Note that the system S is in s 1 from t 1 to t 2 , in s 2 from t 2 to t 3 , … , in s n from t n to t n+1 .
( Left endpoint included in all cases but not the right — this is a convention to ensure the “ machine ” is in exactly one of the s i at a given time . ) …
Define A = s 1 ∨ s 3 ∨ s 5 ∨ s 7 ; B = s 2 ∨ s 4 ∨ s 6 .
Then , as is easily checked , S is in state A from t 1 to t 2 , from t 3 to t 4 , and from t 5 to t 6 , and from t 7 to t 8 , and in state B at all other times between t 1 and t 8 .
So S “ has ” the table we specified , with the states A , B we just defined as the “ realizations ” of the states A , B described by the table .
( Putnam 1988 , 122–3 , emphasis original )
In summary , Putnam picks an arbitrary physical system with continuous dynamics , slices up its dynamics into discrete time intervals , and then aggregates the slices so that they correspond to an arbitrary sequence of computational states .
He concludes that every physical system implements every finite automaton .
Putnam points out that his argument does not apply directly to computational theories of cognition , because cognitive systems receive specific physical inputs through their sensory organs and yield specific physical outputs through their motor organs .
To determine which computations are implemented by a system with physical inputs and outputs , the inputs and outputs must be taken into account :
Imagine … that an object S which takes strings of “ 1 ” s as inputs and prints such strings as outputs behaves from 12:00 to 12:07 exactly as if it had a certain [ computational ] description D. That is , S receives a certain string , say “ 111111 , ” at 12:00 and prints a certain string , say “ 11 , ” at 12:07 , and there “ exists ” ( mathematically speaking ) a machine with description D which does this ( by being in the appropriate state at each of the specified intervals , say 12:00 to 12:01 , 12:01 to 12:02 , … , and printing or erasing what it is supposed to print or erase when it is in a given state and scanning a given symbol ) .
In this case , S too can be interpreted as being in these same logical states A , B , C , … at the very same times and following the very same transition rules ; that is to say , we can find physical states A , B , C … which S possesses at the appropriate times and which stand in the appropriate causal relations to one another and to the inputs and the outputs .
The method of proof is exactly the same …
Thus we obtain that the assumption that something is a “ realization ” of a given automaton description … is equivalent to the statement that it behaves as if it had that description ( Putnam 1988 , 124 , emphasis original ) .
In summary , Putnam picks an arbitrary physical system with physically specified inputs and outputs and then matches it to an arbitrary finite automaton whose abstractly specified inputs and outputs map onto the physically specified inputs and outputs .
He then slices up the physical system 's internal dynamics as before , and then aggregates the slices so that they correspond to the sequence of computational states of the finite automaton .
It follows that given any physical system and any finite automaton with isomorphic inputs and outputs , the physical system implements the computational system .
Although this result is weaker than the result for systems without inputs and outputs , it is still striking because for any abstract input - output pair < i , o > , there are infinitely many automata that yield output o given input i.
Given Putnam 's conclusion , any physical system with inputs and outputs isomorphic to i and o implements all of the infinitely many automata with input i and output o .
If unlimited pancomputationalism is correct , then the claim that a system S performs a certain computation becomes trivially true and vacuous or nearly so ; it fails to distinguish S from anything else ( or perhaps from anything else with the same inputs and outputs ) .
Thus , unlimited pancomputationalism threatens the computational theory of cognition .
If cognition is computation simply because cognitive systems , like everything else , may be seen as performing more or less arbitrary computations over the relevant inputs , then it appears that the computational theory of cognition is both trivial and vacuous .
By the same token , unlimited pancomputationalism threatens the foundations of computer science , where the objective computational power of different systems is paramount .
The threat of trivialization is a major motivation behind responses to the arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism .
The first thing to notice is that arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism rely either implicitly or explicitly on the simple mapping account of computation .
They assume that an arbitrary mapping from a computational description C to a physical description of a system is sufficient to conclude that the system implements C . In fact , avoiding unlimited pancomputationalism is a major motivation for rejecting the simple mapping account of computation .
By imposing restrictions on which mappings are legitimate , other accounts of computation aim to avoid unlimited pancomputationalism .
In one response to unlimited pancomputationalism , Jack Copeland ( 1996 ) argues that the mappings it relies on are illegitimate because they are constructed ex post facto — after the computation is already given .
In the case of kosher computational descriptions — the kind normally used in scientific modeling — the work of generating successive descriptions of a system 's physical dynamics is done by a computer running an appropriate program ( e.g. , a weather forecasting program ) , not by the mapping relation .
In the sort of descriptions employed in arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism , instead , the descriptive work is done by the mapping relation .
An arbitrarily chosen computational description , such as those employed in arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism , does not generate successive descriptions of the state of an arbitrary system .
If someone wants a genuine computational description of a physical system , she must first identify physical states and state transitions of the system , then represent them by a computational description ( thereby fixing the mapping relation between the computational description and the system ) , and finally use a computer to generate subsequent representations of the state of the system , while the mapping relation stays fixed .
By contrast , the arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism pick a computation first , then slice and aggregate the physical system to fit the computational description , and finally generate the mapping between the two .
The work of describing the physical system is not done by the computational description but by whoever constructs the mapping .
Copeland concludes that such ex post facto mappings are illegitimate .
In addition , both Chalmers ( 1995 , 1996 ) and Copeland ( 1996 ) argue that the mappings invoked by unlimited pancomputationalism violate the counterfactual relations between the computational states .
Consider again Putnam 's slice - and - aggregate strategy for generating mappings .
The mappings are constructed based on an arbitrary dynamical evolution of an arbitrary physical system .
No attempt is made to establish what would happen to the physical system had conditions been different .
Chalmers and Copeland argue that this is illegitimate , as a genuine implementation must exhibit the same counterfactual relations that obtain between the computational states .
This response leads to the counterfactual account of computation , according to which the counterfactual relations between the physical states must be isomorphic to the counterfactual relations between the computational states .
Another possible response to unlimited pancomputationalism is that its mappings fail to construct an isomorphism between the causal structure of the physical system and the state transitions specified by the computational description .
Consider Putnam 's argument again .
The mapping from the computational description to the physical description is chosen with no regard to the causal relations that obtain between the physical states of the system .
Thus , after a computational description is mapped onto a physical description in that way , the computational description does not describe the causal structure of the physical system .
According to several authors , non-causal mappings are illegitimate ( Chrisley 1995 , Chalmers 1995 , 1996 , 2011 , Scheutz 1999 , 2001 ) .
Naturally , these authors defend the causal account of computation , according to which acceptable mappings must respect the causal structure of a system .
Yet another response to unlimited pancomputationalism is implicitly given by Godfrey - Smith ( 2009 ) .
Although Godfrey - Smith is primarily concerned with functionalism as opposed to computation per se , his argument is still relevant here .
Godfrey - Smith argues that for a mapping to constitute a genuine implementation , the microscopic physical states that are clustered together ( to correspond to a given computational state ) must be physically similar to one another — there cannot be arbitrary groupings of arbitrarily different physical states , as in the arguments for unlimited pancomputationalism .
Godfrey - Smith suggests that his similarity restriction on legitimate mappings may be complemented by the kind of causal and localizational restrictions proposed by Chalmers ( 1996 ) .
The remaining accounts of computation — the semantic , syntactic , and mechanistic accounts — are even more restrictive than the causal and counterfactual accounts ; they impose further constraints on acceptable mappings .
Therefore , like the causal and counterfactual accounts , they have resources for avoiding unlimited pancomputationalism .
Such resources are not always straightforward to deploy .
For example , consider the semantic account , according to which computation requires representation .
If being a representation of something is an objective property possessed by relatively few things , then unlimited pancomputationalism is ruled out on the grounds that only the few items that constitute representations are genuine computational states .
If , however , everything is representational in the relevant way , then everything is computational ( cf. Churchland and Sejnowski 1992 , Shagrir 2006 ) .
If , in addition , whether something represents something else is just a matter of free interpretation , then the semantic account of computation gives rise to unlimited pancomputationalism all over again .
Similar considerations apply to the syntactic and mechanistic accounts .
For such accounts to truly avoid unlimited pancomputationalism , they must not rely on free interpretation .
Limited pancomputationalism is much weaker than its unlimited cousin .
It holds that every physical system performs one ( or relatively few ) computations .
Which computations are performed by which system is deemed to be a matter of fact , depending on objective properties of the system .
In fact , several authors who have mounted detailed responses to unlimited pancomputationalism explicitly endorse limited pancomputationalism ( Chalmers 1996 , 331 , Scheutz 1999 , 191 ) .
Unlike unlimited pancomputationalism , limited pancomputationalism does not turn the claim that something is computational into a vacuous claim .
Different systems generally have different objective properties ; thus , according to limited pancomputationalism , different systems generally perform different computations .
Nevertheless , it may seem that limited pancomputationalism still trivializes the claim that a system is computational .
For according to limited pancomputationalism , digital computers perform computations in the same sense in which rocks , hurricanes , and planetary systems do .
This may seem to do an injustice to computer science — in computer science , only relatively few systems count as performing computations and it takes a lot of difficult technical work to design and build systems that perform computations reliably .
Or consider the claim that cognition is computation .
This computational theory of cognition was introduced to shed new and explanatory light on cognition .
But if every physical process is a computation , the computational theory of cognition seems to lose much of its explanatory force .
Another objection to limited pancomputationalism begins with the observation that any moderately complex system satisfies indefinitely many objective computational descriptions ( Piccinini 2010 ) .
This may be seen by considering computational modeling .
A computational model of a system may be pitched at different levels of granularity .
For example , consider cellular automata models of the dynamics of a galaxy or a brain .
The dynamics of a galaxy or a brain may be described using an indefinite number of cellular automata — using different state transition rules , different time steps , or cells that represent spatial regions of different sizes .
Furthermore , an indefinite number of formalisms different from cellular automata , such as Turing machines , can be used to compute the same functions computed by cellular automata .
It appears that limited pancomputationalists are committed to the galaxy or the brain performing all these computations at once .
But that does not appear to be the sense in which computers ( or brains ) perform computations .
In the face of these objections , limited pancomputationalists are likely to maintain that the explanatory force of computational explanations does not come from the claim that a system is computational simpliciter .
Rather , explanatory force comes from the specific computations that a system is said to perform .
Thus , a rock and a digital computer perform computations in the same sense .
But they perform radically different computations , and it is the difference between their computations that explains the difference between them .
As to the objection that there are still too many computations performed by each system , limited pancomputationalists have two main options : either to bite the bullet and accept that every system implements indefinitely many computations , or to find a way to single out , among the many computational descriptions satisfied by each system , the one that is ontologically privileged — the one that captures the computation performed by the system .
One way to do this is to postulate a fundamental physical level , whose most accurate computational description identifies the ( most fundamental ) computation performed by the system .
This response is built into the view that the physical world is fundamentally computational ( next section ) .
As to those who remain unsatisfied with limited pancomputationalism , their desire to avoid limited pancomputationalism motivates the shift to more restrictive accounts of computation , analogously to how the desire to avoid unlimited pancomputationalism motivates the shift from the simple mapping account to more restrictive accounts of computation , such as the causal account .
The semantic account may be able to restrict genuine computational descriptions to fewer systems than the causal account , provided that representations — which are needed for computation according to the semantic account — are hard to come by .
Mutatis mutandis , the same is true of the syntactic and mechanistic accounts .
Some authors argue that the physical universe is fundamentally computational .
The universe itself is a computing system , and everything in it is a computing system too ( or part thereof ) .
Unlike the previous versions of pancomputationalism , which originate in philosophy , this ontic pancomputationalism originates in physics .
It includes both an empirical claim and a metaphysical one .
Although the two claims are logically independent , supporters of ontic pancomputationalism tend to make them both .
The empirical claim is that all fundamental physical magnitudes and their state transitions are such as to be exactly described by an appropriate computational formalism — without resorting to the approximations that are a staple of standard computational modeling .
This claim takes different forms depending on which computational formalism is taken to describe the universe exactly .
The two main options are cellular automata , which are a classical computational formalism , and quantum computing , which is non-classical .
The earliest and best known version of ontic pancomputationalism is due to Konrad Zuse ( 1970 , 1982 ) and Edward Fredkin , whose unpublished ideas on the subject influenced a number of American physicists ( e.g. , Feynman 1982 , Toffoli 1982 , Wolfram 2002 ; see also Wheeler 1982 , Fredkin 1990 ) .
According to some of these physicists , the universe is a giant cellular automaton .
A cellular automaton is a lattice of cells ; each cell can take one out of finitely many states and updates its state in discrete steps depending on the state of its neighboring cells .
For the universe to be a cellular automaton , all fundamental physical magnitudes must be discrete , i.e. , they must take at most finitely many values .
In addition , time and space must be fundamentally discrete or must emerge from the discrete processing of the cellular automaton .
At a fundamental level , continuity is not a real feature of the world — there are no truly real - valued physical quantities .
This flies in the face of most mainstream physics , but it is not an obviously false hypothesis .
The hypothesis is that at a sufficiently small scale , which is currently beyond our observational and experimental reach , ( apparent ) continuity gives way to discreteness .
Thus , all values of all fundamental variables , and all state transitions , can be fully and exactly captured by the states and state transitions of a cellular automaton .
Although cellular automata have been shown to describe many aspects of fundamental physics , it is difficult to see how to simulate the quantum mechanical features of the universe using a classical formalism such as cellular automata ( Feynman 1982 ) .
This concern motivated the development of quantum computing formalisms ( Deutsch 1985 , Nielsen and Chuang 2000 ) .
Instead of relying on digits — most commonly , binary digits or bits — quantum computation relies on qudits — most commonly , binary qudits or qubits .
The main difference between a digit and a qudit is that whereas a digit can take only one out of finitely many states , such as 0 and 1 ( in the case of a bit ) , a qudit can also take an uncountable number of states that are a superposition of the basis states in varying degrees , such as superpositions of 0 and 1 ( in the case of a qubit ) .
Furthermore , unlike a collection of digits , a collection of qudits can exhibit quantum entanglement .
According to the quantum version of ontic pancomputationalism , the universe is not a classical computer but a quantum computer , that is , not a computer that manipulates digits but a computer that manipulates qubits ( Lloyd 2006 ) — or , more generally , qudits .
The quantum version of ontic pancomputationalism is less radical than the classical version .
The classical version eliminates continuity from the universe , primarily on the grounds that eliminating continuity allows classical computers to describe the universe exactly rather than approximately .
Thus , the classical version appears to be motivated not by empirical evidence but by epistemological concerns .
Although there is no direct evidence for classical ontic pancomputationalism , in principle it is a testable hypothesis ( Fredkin 1990 ) .
By contrast , quantum ontic pancomputationalism may be seen as a reformulation of quantum mechanics in the language of quantum computation and quantum information theory ( qubits ) , without changes in the empirical content of the theory ( e.g. , Fuchs 2004 , Bub 2005 ) .
But ontic pancomputationalists do not limit themselves to making empirical claims .
They often make an additional metaphysical claim .
They claim that computation ( or information , in the physical sense described in Section 2.3 ) is what makes up the physical universe .
This point is sometimes made by saying that at the most fundamental physical level , there are brute differences between states — nothing more need or can be said about the nature of the states .
This view reverses the traditional conception of the relation between computation and the physical world .
According to the traditional conception , which is presupposed by all accounts of computation discussed above , physical computation requires a physical substratum that implements it .
Computation is an aspect of the organization and behavior of a physical system ; there is no software without hardware .
Thus , according to the traditional conception , if the universe is a cellular automaton , the ultimate constituents of the universe are the physical cells of the cellular automaton .
It is legitimate to ask what kind of physical entity such cells are and how they interact with one another so as to satisfy their cellular automata rules .
By contrast , according to the metaphysical claim of ontic pancomputationalism , a physical system is just a system of computational states .
Computation is ontologically prior to physical processes , as it were .
“ ‘ Hardware ’ [ is ] made of ‘ software ’ ” ( Kantor 1982 , 526 , 534 ) .
According to this non-traditional conception , if the universe is a cellular automaton , the cells of the automaton are not concrete , physical structures that causally interact with one another .
Rather , they are software — purely “ computational ” entities .
Such a metaphysical claim requires an account of what computation , or software , or physical information , is .
If computations are not configurations of physical entities , the most obvious alternative is that computations are abstract , mathematical entities , like numbers and sets .
As Wheeler ( 1982 , 570 ) puts it , “ the building element [ of the universe ] is the elementary ‘ yes , no ’ quantum phenomenon .
It is an abstract entity .
It is not localized in space and time ” .
Under this account of computation , the ontological claim of ontic pancomputationalism is a version of Pythagoreanism .
All is computation in the same sense in which more traditional versions of Pythagoreanism maintain that all is number or that all is sets ( Quine 1976 ) .
Ontic pancomputationalism may be attacked on both the empirical and the ontological fronts .
On the empirical front , there is little positive evidence to support ontic pancomputationalism .
Supporters appear to be motivated by the desire for exact computational models of the world rather than empirical evidence that the models are correct .
Even someone who shares this desire may well question why we should expect nature to fulfill it .
On the metaphysical front , Pythagoreanism faces the objection that the abstract entities it puts at the fundamental physical level lack the causal and qualitative properties that we observe in the physical world — or at least , it is difficult to understand how abstract entities could give rise to physical qualities and their causal powers ( e.g. , Martin 1997 ) .
According to the Church - Turing thesis ( CTT ) , any function that is intuitively computable is computable by some Turing machine ( i.e. , Turing - computable ) .
Alternatively , CTT may be formulated as follows : any function that is “ naturally regarded as computable ” ( Turing 1936 – 7 , 135 ) is Turing - computable .
The phrases “ intuitively computable ” and “ naturally regarded as computable ” are somewhat ambiguous .
When they are disambiguated , CTT takes different forms .
In one sense , “ intuitively computable ” means computable by following an algorithm or effective procedure .
An effective procedure is a finite list of clear instructions for generating new symbolic structures out of old symbolic structures .
When CTT is interpreted in terms of effective procedures , it may be called Mathematical CTT , because the relevant evidence is more logical or mathematical than physical .
Mathematical CTT says that any function computable by an effective procedure is Turing - computable .
There is compelling evidence that Mathematical CTT is true ( Kleene 1952 , § 62 , § 67 ; cf. also Sieg 2006 ) :
There are no known counterexamples .
Diagonalization over Turing machines , contrary to what may be expected , does not yield a function that is not Turing - computable .
Argument from confluence : all the formalisms proposed to capture the intuitive notion of computability by effective procedure — formalisms such as general recursiveness ( Gödel 1934 ) , λ- definability ( Church 1932 , Kleene 1935 ) , Turing - computability ( Turing 1936 - 7 ) , and reckonability ( Gödel 1936 ) — turn out to capture the same class of functions .
A Turing machine seems capable of reproducing any operation that a human being can perform while following an effective procedure ( Turing 1936 – 7's main argument for CTT ) .
In another sense , “ intuitively computable ” means computable by physical means .
When CTT is so interpreted , it may be called Physical CTT ( following Pitowsky 1990 ) , because the relevant evidence is more physical than logical or mathematical .
Physical CTT is often formulated in very strong forms .
To a first approximation , Bold Physical CTT holds that any physical process — anything doable by a physical system — is computable by some Turing machine .
Bold Physical CTT can be made more precise in a number of ways .
Here is a representative sample , followed by references to where they are discussed :
Any physical process can be simulated by some Turing machine ( e.g. , Deutsch 1985 , Wolfram 1985 , Pitowsky 2002 ) .
Any function over denumerable domains ( such as natural numbers ) that is computable by an idealized computing machine that manipulates arbitrary real - valued quantities ( as defined by Blum et al. 1998 ) is Turing - computable .
Any system of equations describing a physical system gives rise to computable solutions ( cf. Earman 1986 , Pour - El 1999 ) .
A solution is said to be computable just in case , given computable real numbers as initial conditions , it returns computable real numbers as values .
A real number is said to be computable just in case there is a Turing machine whose output effectively approximates it .
For any physical system S and observable W , there is a Turing - computable function f : N → N such that for all times t∈N , f( t ) =W ( t ) ( Pitowsky 1990 ) .
Thesis ( A ) is ambiguous between two notions of simulation .
In one sense , simulation is the process by which a digital computing system ( such as a Turing machine ) computes the same function as another digital computing system .
This is the sense in which universal Turing machines can simulate any other Turing machine .
If ( A ) is interpreted using this first notion of simulation , it entails that everything in the universe is a digital computing system .
This is ( a variant of ) ontic pancomputationalism ( Section 3.4 ) .
In another sense , simulation is the process by which the output of a digital computing system represents an approximate description of the dynamical evolution of another system .
This is the sense in which computational models of the weather simulate the weather .
If ( A ) is interpreted using this second notion of simulation , then ( A ) is true only if we do not care how close our computational approximations are .
If we want close computational approximations — as we usually do — then ( A ) turns into the claim that any physical process can be computationally approximated to the degree of accuracy that is desired in any given case .
Whether that is true varies from case to case depending on the dynamical properties of the system , how much is known about them , what idealizations and simplifications are adopted in the model , what numerical methods are used in the computation , and how many computational resources ( such as time , processing speed , and memory ) are available ( Piccinini 2015 , Chap 4 ) .
Thesis ( B ) is straightforwardly and radically false .
Blum et al. ( 1989 ) set up a mathematical theory of computation over real - valued quantities , which they see as a fruitful extension of ordinary computability theory .
Within such a theory , Blum et al. define idealized “ computing ” machines that perform addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , and equality testing as primitive operations on arbitrary real - valued quantities .
They easily prove that such machines can compute all sets defined over denumerable domains by encoding their characteristic function as a real - valued constant ( ibid. , 405 ) .
Although they do not discuss this result as a refutation of Physical CTT , their work is often cited in discussions of physical computability and Physical CTT .
Theses ( C ) and ( D ) have interesting counterexamples that are consistent with some physical theories ( cf. below and Pour - El 1999 ) .
These theoretical counterexamples may or may not occur in our concrete physical universe .
Each of ( A ) – ( D ) raises important questions pertaining to the foundations of computer science , physics , and mathematics .
It is not clear , however , that any of these theses bears an interesting analogy to Mathematical CTT .
Below are two reasons why .
First , ( A ) –( D ) are falsified by processes that cannot be built and used as computing devices .
The most obvious example is ( B ) .
Blum et al .'s result is equivalent to demonstrating that all functions over denumerable domains — including the uncountably many functions that are not Turing - computable — are computable by Blum et al .'s “ computing ” systems , which are allowed to manipulate the exact values of arbitrary real numbers .
Hence , ( B ) is radically false .
But at the same time , this result has no direct practical applications , as there is no evidence that concrete physical systems can manipulate arbitrary real - valued quantities in the way that Blum et al .'s systems do .
More generally , formulations ( A ) – ( D ) would be falsified by a sequence generated by a random ( i.e. , nondeterministic ) physical process .
According to quantum mechanics , some physical processes — such as atom decay — contain an objectively random element .
Hidden variable interpretations dispute this , but the possibility of genuine randomness is sufficiently plausible that it should be taken into account .
Consider a random process that produces discrete outputs over an infinite period of time , e.g. , the decay of atoms from a radioactive sample .
Its output at regular time intervals is a string of digits — ‘ 0 ’ if no atoms decay during a time interval , ‘ 1 ’ if one or more atoms decay during a time interval .
A simple consideration shows that , with probability one , the sequence produced by our random process is not Turing - computable .
There are uncountably many infinite strings of digits ( even more strongly , there are uncountably many infinite strings of digits with any given limiting frequency of ‘ 0's and ‘ 1's ) .
But there are only countably many Turing - computable infinite strings .
Therefore , assuming that each infinite string ( or each infinite string with a certain limiting frequency ) has the same probability of occurring as a result of a random process , the probability that a random process would generate a Turing - computable string of digits is zero , whereas the probability that the string of digits is not Turing - computable is one ( for the stronger conclusion that no such string of digits is Turing - computable , see Calude & Svozil 2008 ) .
Thus , simply by using a random process to generate a string , there is a sense in which we would have physical means that go beyond what is Turing - computable .
As Alan Turing ( 1950 , 438–439 ) pointed out , a machine with a “ random element ” can do “ more ” than a Turing machine .
But doing more is not the same as computing more .
Contrary to what is sometimes suggested ( e.g. , Calude 2005 , 10 ) , the combination of a Turing machine and a random process does not threaten Physical CTT .
Random processes should not count as computations : unlike computations properly so called , random processes cannot be used to generate the desired values of a function or solve the desired instances of a general problem .
Random processes can be exploited by a computation , of course — there are important computational techniques that rely on random or pseudo - random choices at some stages of a computation .
If some quantum random sequences were random in the sense of algorithmic information theory , they may even raise the probability of obtaining correct solutions from computational techniques that rely on random choices ( Calude 2005 , 10 ) .
But no computational technique can amount to a mere sequence of random choices .
So any thesis , such as Bold Physical CTT , that would be falsified by a sequence generated by a random process is too strong to capture the notion of physical computability — the physical analogue of algorithmic computability .
Thus , contrary to what some authors seem to assume , Bold Physical CTT is too strong to be a physical analogue of Mathematical CTT .
Another feature that theses ( A ) – ( D ) have in common is that they appeal quite freely to arbitrary real - valued quantities .
This is explicit in ( B ) .
To see why they all appeal to arbitrary real - valued quantities , consider that most physical theories assume that many physical magnitudes , including time , can take arbitrary real numbers as values .
Hence , systems of physical equations , whose simulations , solutions , or observables are appealed to , respectively , by ( A ) , ( C ) , and ( D ) , involve arbitrary real numbers .
Therefore , all formulations of Bold Physical CTT involve , explicitly or implicitly , arbitrary real numbers .
The expressive power of real numbers may be used to generate a simple recipe to obtain the values of a Turing - uncomputable function .
Consider that the digital expansion of a real number contains countably many digits .
Hence , for any characteristic function ( i.e. , a function whose values are ‘ 0 ’ or ‘ 1 ’ ) defined over a countable domain , including all Turing - uncomputable such functions , there is a real number whose binary expansion encodes its values .
This is because for all values of a characteristic function , the nth value of the function may be defined to be the nth digit of the binary expansion of a real number .
Suppose you wish to know the value of a specific Turing - uncomputable characteristic function , such as the halting function for Turing machines , for its nth argument .
Take the real number r whose digital expansion encodes the values of the halting function .
All you need to do is obtain the value of the nth digit in the binary expansion of r and you have the result you desire .
If you can do this , you may obtain any value of any characteristic function defined over strings , including all Turing - uncomputable such functions .
The above recipe , if feasible , is a trivial consequence of the expressive power of real numbers .
Yet it is discussed in the literature as an example of perhaps possible physical computation beyond the power of Turing machines ( e.g. , Copeland 2000 ) — something that would falsify Physical CTT .
But there is no reason to believe such a recipe can be implemented , because it requires either the measurement or the preparation of a Turing - uncomputable real - valued quantity with unbounded precision .
There is no evidence that either is doable .
By relying quite freely on arbitrary real - valued quantities , many versions of Bold Physical CTT make themselves vulnerable to falsification by relatively trivial ( though presumably unfeasible ) recipes such as the one just mentioned .
This casts doubt on the assumption — made by some who seek ways to falsify Bold Physical CTT — that Bold Physical CTT is actually an interesting physical analogue of Mathematical CTT .
( The point just made does not impugn analog computation in the standard sense of Pour - El ( 1974 ) .
Analog computation does not manipulate exact values of arbitrary real - valued quantities but rather continuous variables .
Although a continuous variable may be assumed to take any real value within a relevant interval , a successful concrete analog computation requires only the measurement of real variables with some degree of approximation .
No exact values of arbitrary real - valued quantities are exploited by an analog computation , so analog computation does not falsify Bold Physical CTT ( cf. Rubel 1989 ) . )
Similar doubts about the alleged analogy between Mathematical CTT and Bold Physical CTT may be generated by a related observation .
Many current physical theories assume that nature contains real - valued quantities that vary along a continuum .
These may include the velocity of objects , the coordinates that define the position of their center of gravity in the spacetime manifold , and more .
If these physical theories are correct , then many properties of many entities take arbitrary real numbers as their values .
And most real numbers in any continuous interval are Turing - uncomputable .
In fact , there are only countably many computable numbers , but any continuous interval contains uncountably many real numbers .
Thus , the probability that a randomly picked real - valued quantity is computable is zero .
Hence , if our physical theories are correct , most transformations of the relevant physical properties are transformations of Turing - uncomputable quantities into one another .
For instance , an object 's change of speed , or even its simple change of spatial location may be transformations of one Turing - uncomputable real - valued quantity into another .
A transformation of one Turing - uncomputable value into another Turing - uncomputable value is certainly a Turing - uncomputable operation .
Hence , it would seem that given many of our physical theories , the physical world is chock - full of operations that outstrip the power of Turing machines .
If this is correct , it falsifies Bold Physical CTT .
But , as before , there is no reason to believe that we can use the Turing - uncomputable operations just mentioned to compute in the epistemological sense that motivates CTT in the first place — to solve problems , to generate the values of desired functions for desired arguments .
In other words , it is implausible that the operations in question should count as computations .
Bold Physical CTT , which is threatened by such operations , is not interestingly analogous to Mathematical CTT .
To conclude our discussion of Bold Physical CTT , it may be helpful to distinguish the issue of physical computability proper — the issue that pertains to the physical analogue of Mathematical CTT — from other issues that connect computability and physics .
Many questions about the relationship between physical processes and computability deserve to be asked .
What are the physically computable functions ?
This is the question that should motivate Physical CTT .
What can be computationally approximated to what degree under what circumstances ?
This is presumably what ( A ) is after .
As important and interesting as this question is , it is different from the question of what can be physically computed .
Yet other questions motivate theses ( B ) - ( D ) above as well as other versions of Bold Physical CTT to be found in the literature .
Many of these questions are interesting and deserve to be investigated .
Nevertheless , they do not properly belong in discussions of CTT , because they are different from the computability question that motivates CTT in the first place .
In the literature on computation in physical systems , there is growing concern that a physical analogue of Mathematical CTT should include only usable physical processes ( e.g. , Németi and Dávid 2006 ; Ord 2006 , Smith 2006a , Beggs and Tucker 2007 ) .
Given this concern , an adequate version of Physical CTT ought to be more modest than Bold Physical CTT .
Modest Physical CTT ought to be formulated in terms of what can be physically computed .
Prototypical examples of physical computation are the processes of ordinary digital computers and their components , including digital circuits .
Such processes can be exhaustively described by effective procedures , which are already covered by Mathematical CTT .
Mathematical CTT says that any function computable by an effective procedure is computable by a Turing machine .
As Turing machines can be physically implemented ( or replaced by a computing human ) , any process that follows an effective procedure is physically computable .
But physical computation in the present sense is a broader notion than computation by effective procedure .
A process may count as a physical computation even if there is no effective procedure for describing the process , perhaps because there are no finite instantaneous descriptions of the internal states that constitute the process or no way to finitely and exactly specify the transition from one instantaneous description to the next .
Thus , Modest Physical CTT is stronger than Mathematical CTT .
In addition to physical processes that follow effective procedures , Modest Physical CTT may cover continuous dynamical processes ( as in certain kinds of connectionist computing ) , processes that span large portions of spacetime , and quantum processes ( as in quantum computing ) .
But physical computation does not include all physical processes .
In accordance with this proposal , Modest Physical CTT holds that any function that is physically computable is Turing - computable .
For a process to count as a physical computation , and hence for it to be relevant to Modest Physical CTT , it must be usable by an observer to generate the desired values of an independently specified function .
This requirement may be spelled out in terms of a number of constraints ( Piccinini 2015 , Chaps 15 and 16 ) .
This list is not intended to be exhaustive :
Constraint 1 : Readable inputs and outputs .
The process must take inputs and yield outputs that observers can read without error , so that observers can use the outputs as solutions to problems or values of functions defined over the inputs .
For that to be possible , presumably the inputs and outputs need to be strings of discrete states , like the inputs and outputs of ordinary digital computers .
Constraint 2 : Process - independent rule .
There must be a fixed rule or map — specifiable independently of the physical process — that links the outputs to the inputs .
By defining the problem to be solved by the process , this rule tells the user what she is going to learn by running the process .
Since the rule defines a physical computation in general , the rule need not be recursive .
For instance , it may be the rule that defines the halting problem for Turing machines .
But like all recursive rules , the rule must be the same for all inputs that belong in the same problem ; it can not change from one input to the next .
Constraint 3 : Repeatability .
The process must be repeatable , so as to allow users to obtain the same results multiple times and to check a computation by repeating it .
Constraint 4 : Settability .
The system undergoing the process must be settable , so that a user can choose which argument of a function the system computes and set the system to compute the relevant value of the function .
Constraint 5 : Physical constructibility .
The system must be physically constructible .
Constraint 6 : Reliability .
The system must not break down before the process is completed .
In summary , Modest Physical CTT asserts that every function that can be physically computed , i.e. , every usable transformation of input strings into output strings in accordance with a process - independent rule defined over the strings , is Turing - computable .
Since Modest Physical CTT is restricted by epistemologically relevant criteria , it does n't raise the worries associated with Bold Physical CTT — namely , that it 's too easy to falsify and irrelevant to the notion of computability that motivates CTT .
And there are good reasons to believe Modest Physical CTT .
All computing mechanisms that have been physically built or are in the process of being built compute only functions that are Turing - computable .
It is important to understand the exact scope of Modest Physical CTT .
Modest Physical CTT does not entail that every physical process is a computation , or that every physical system is a computing system .
It only says that if something physical is a computing system , then the functions it computes are Turing - computable .
To fully assess Modest Physical CTT , we should consider whether it is possible to build a machine that , like an ordinary digital computer , can be used by human observers , but , unlike an ordinary digital computer , generates the values of functions that are Turing - uncomputable .
In recent years , several designs for hypercomputation have been proposed .
Hypercomputation is the computation of Turing - uncomputable functions .
If hypercomputation turns out to be physically possible , it will refute Modest Physical CTT .
To a first approximation , a hypercomputer is a system that yields the values of a function that is not Turing - computable .
If what counts as yielding the values of a function is left unspecified , any of the systems discussed in Section 4.1 , such as genuinely random processes and systems that manipulate arbitrary real - valued quantities , would count as hypercomputers .
But in discussing Bold Physical CTT , we saw that yielding the values of a function that is Turing - uncomputable , without further constraints , is not enough for genuine physical computation .
By analogy with the distinction between Bold Physical CTT and Modest Physical CTT , let us distinguish between a weak and a strong notion of hypercomputation by distinguishing usable hypercomputers from unusable hypercomputational processes .
An unusable hypercomputational process is a physical process that fails to satisfy at least one of the first four constraints on physical computation .
Examples include processes whose inputs or outputs are arbitrary real - valued quantities ( which are not readable without error ) and genuine random processes ( which have no rule characterizing the inputs and outputs independently of the process , and are neither repeatable nor settable ) .
These processes are not usable because an observer cannot obtain from them arbitrary values of an independently defined function on a chosen input , as ordinary computing systems can ( given enough time and space ) .
Since they are not usable , unusable hypercomputational processes are irrelevant to Modest Physical CTT .
A usable hypercomputer is a physical system that satisfies at least the first four constraints on physical computation .
It has readable inputs and outputs , there is a rule characterizing its input - output properties that may be defined independently of the process itself , and its processes are repeatable and settable .
If a system does not satisfy one of these conditions , it does not count as computing in the sense relevant to Modest Physical CTT .
A system that satisfies these conditions — a usable hypercomputer — may be purely notional .
For instance , infinitely accelerating Turing machines ( Copeland 2002 ) are Turing machines that perform each computational operation in half the time as their previous operation .
As a consequence , infinitely accelerating Turing machines complete an infinite number of operations ( a supertask ) within twice the time it takes them to perform their first operation .
This allows infinitely accelerating Turing machines to compute functions , such as the halting function , that are Turing - uncomputable .
But infinitely accelerating Turing machines are usually discussed as notional entities , without evidence that they can be constructed .
Purely notional systems , of course , do not falsify Modest Physical CTT .
To do that , a system must satisfy at least the fifth and sixth constraints on physical computation : it must be physically constructible and it must operate reliably .
One way to construct something like an infinitely accelerating Turing machine would be to make a computing machine that , after performing some computational operations , builds a smaller and faster copy of itself ( Davies 2001 ) .
The smaller and faster copy will also perform some operations and then build a faster and smaller copy , and so on .
Given appropriate assumptions , the resulting series of infinitely shrinking machines will be able to complete an infinite number of computational operations within a finite time , thereby surpassing the power of Turing machines .
While infinitely shrinking machines appear to be consistent with Newtonian mechanics , Davies ( 2001 , 672 ) points out that the atomic and quantum mechanical nature of matter in our universe makes infinitely shrinking machines physically impossible .
Neural networks have sometimes been discussed as computing systems that may go beyond Turing - computability ( e.g. , Smolensky 1988 , 3 ) .
If we restrict our attention to classes of neural networks that contain all systems with current or foreseeable practical applications , this opinion is unwarranted .
There is now a considerable literature on the computational and complexity properties of large classes of neural networks .
The most relevant systems have digital inputs and outputs ( so as to satisfy our first constraint on physical computation ) but may have , and typically do have , non-digital internal processes ( i.e. , their internal processes are not discrete step - by - step manipulations of strings of digits ) .
The main results are the following : ( i ) feedforward networks with finitely many processing units are computationally equivalent to Boolean circuits with finitely many gates ; ( ii ) recurrent networks with finitely many units are equivalent to finite state automata ; ( iii ) networks with unbounded tapes or an unbounded number of units are equivalent to Turing machines ( Šíma & Orponen 2003 ) .
Neural networks more powerful than Turing machines may be defined , however , by exploiting once again the expressive power of real numbers .
The best known networks of this kind are Analog Recurrent Neural Networks ( ARNNs ) ( Siegelmann 1999 ) .
ARNNs should not be confused with analog computers in the traditional sense ( Pour - El 1974 , Rubel 1993 , Mills 2008 ) .
Whereas analog computers manipulate real variables without relying on the exact value of arbitrary real - valued quantities , ARNNs manipulate strings of digits by ( possibly ) relying on the exact value of arbitrary real - valued quantities .
Specifically , the weights connecting individual processing units within ARNNs can take exact values of arbitrary real numbers , including values that are Turing - uncomputable .
When their weights a
Planning to come to Philadelphia to partake in the Wizard World Philly ( a.k.a. Philadelphia Comic Con ) festivities ?
Well , do n’t forget about the two awesome ( and official ) after parties at The Trocadero !
Even better : you can win a free pair of passes to the Saturday night Kaiju Big Battel party , plus a Kaiju Battel DVD , courtesy of The Trocadero , The Convention Fans Blog , and Alltern8.com !
Click here to enter to win ( opens new window ) , and be sure to read below for all the party details .
The first party is on Friday , June 11 , with doors opening at 8 pm .
It ’s been dubbed as “ The Zombie Beach Party ” !
The Second Annual ZOMBIE BEACH PARTY
Celebrate the start of Summer ZOMBIE - STYLE !
Music by DJ ROBERT DRAKE & DAVE GHOUL
And special guests
THE SLOTCARS
( Philly ’s premier surf - punk band )
Plus Zombie Make - Up Stations & Free Zombie Beach Photos
Prizes for the Best Beach Zombies
The official opening day after - party of Wizard World Philly Comic Con
Tix : $ 7 adv $ 10 dos ( Come to the Troc box office for advance tickets with no fees ) / Drs : 8 pm / Age : 21 +
Links :
http://phillyzombiecrawl.com/
http://www.wizardworld.com/home-pa.html
http://www.myspace.com/theslotcars
The second party takes place on Saturday , June 12 , with doors opening at 6:30 pm ( show begins at 8 pm ) .
KAIJU BIG BATTEL
LIVE MONSTER MAYHEM !
The official after - party of Wizard World Philly Comic Con
Tix : $ 18.50 Adult , $ 11 Children age 14 and under / Drs : 6:30 , Show : 8 pm / All Ages
Links :
http://www.kaiju.com/
http://www.wizardworld.com/home-pa.html
It will exasperate Microsoft's PRs that Bill Gates 's philanthropic efforts attract far less attention than his comments on , say , China and the internet .
BBC Today 's Evan Davis managed to shoehorn in a brief question on Gates 's opinions about Chinese censorship , despite what was no doubt a strictly managed interview set up .
Google made a big deal about pulling out of China , finally , in protest at continued censorship and those hacking attempts .
But why , asked Davies , would an intelligent man like Gates make the statement that " Chinese efforts to censor the internet have been very limited " .
Was he just having an off day ?
Before a PR intervened and cut off the discussion , Gates ' reply was :
" The internet is a great source of information and it is good the internet is there in China .
It 's an incredibly positive thing .
Governments have all sorts of things they do n't like on the internet - nuclear plans that are not supposed to be published , libel , pornography , copyright infringement , all sorts of things . "
" But China 's list is a lot longer than that - like people who disagree with them , " pointed out Davis , before he was cut off .
Gates is not chief executive of Microsoft anymore , of course , and arguably not under any obligation to comment on industry issues .
But he is in a position of power and influence and should be prepared to set an example .
Whatever Google 's conveniently PR friendly reasons for pulling out of China , it is still right to take a stand against the mass censorship of the internet in China .
Gates 's soggy and safe generalisation about the internet as a great source of information is true , yes , but the value and democracy of that information is severely undermined when whole swathes of opinion and perspective are blocked .
Photo by schoschie on Flickr .
Some rights reserved
China 's domestic internet businesses are very strong , so the departure of Google and the absence of Western media ( or the need to route around blocks to access them ) is not a major concern for the public .
But the underbelly of censorship is far worse , with writers who express opposing views increasingly targeted by the authorities .
Thirty journalists and 76 web dissidents have been jailed in China this year alone , according to Reporters Sans Frontières .
" China is the world 's biggest prison for journalists , bloggers and cyber - dissidents , " says RSF in its annual report on China .
" Most of the around one hundred prisoners have been sentenced to long jail sentences for ' subversion ' or ' divulging state secrets ' and are held in harsh conditions , with journalists often being put to forced labour . "
Microsoft 's chief executive Steve Ballmer is no better ; between them they have a shoddy record .
In January Ballmer suggested Google over - reacted by pulling out of China , and likened the complicity in active internet filtering to oil companies importing oil from Saudi Arabia , despite censorship there .
It 's a shame Gates missed a golden opportunity .
What is Early Pregnancy Tester ?
Exactly that !
An online early pregnancy test .
Every day over 10,000 people use this service to test online accurately whether they are pregnant or get a negative result .
If you think that you perhaps are be pregnant , take our free online pregnancy test from the privacy of your own home .
No dirty " stick " pregnancy tests , no waiting , and best of all , our online pregnancy test results are 100 % guaranteed , postive results and negative results !
Many rock idols back from the ‘ 60s , ‘70s and ‘ 80s are still on stage .
Some have retired from music and live a peaceful life now .
Of course , they all have gone through many things and changed a lot .
Take a look at famous stars then and now after the jump .
Related posts :
Rock Idols without Makeup ( 11 pics )
Famous Children : Then and Now ( 46 pics )
Where are ‘ 90s Teenager Idols ” Now ? ( 30 pics )
Teen Idols – Before and Now ( 15 pics )
Michael Philip Jagger , The Rolling Stones
Keith Richards , The Rolling Stones
Steven Tyler , Aerosmith
Debbie Harry , Blondie
Bret Michaels , Poison
Johnny Rotten , Sex Pistols
Vincent Damon Furnier , Alice Cooper
Iggy Pop
Patti Smith
Ozzy Osbourne
Bob Dylan
David Lee Roth
Pat Benatar
Rod Stewart
David Bowie
Robert Plant , Led Zeppelin
Stevie Nicks
Charlie Watts , The Rolling Stones
Tommy Lee , Motley Crue
Meat Loaf
Axl Rose , Guns N' Roses
Joan Jett , The Runaways
Motley Crue
Ron Wood , The Rolling Stones
Eddie Van Halen
Tom Petty , The Heartbreakers
Nancy and Ann Wilson
Ted Nugent
Nikki Sixx , Motley Crue
James Hetfield , Metallica
Steve Perry , Journey
Cherie Currie , The Runaways
Sting
David Crosby
Bruce Dickinson , Iron Maiden
David Coverdale , Whitesnake
Neil Young
Grace Slick
Bono , U2
Slash , Guns N' Roses
Jon Bon Jovi
Joe Elliott , Def Leppard
Richie Sambora
Gene Simmons
Linda Ronstadt
Annie Lennox , Eurythmics
The Boss
Courtney Love
C. C. DeVille
Source
Image caption A DNA test could pinpoint the roots of a person 's family to within a few miles
A DNA test could pinpoint the roots of a person 's family to within a few miles , according to a new study .
Edinburgh University experts found genetic testing can detect the origins of people from a rural area to within five miles of their family home .
They said it might soon be possible to pinpoint the rural roots of city dwellers who have ancestors from different parts of the same country .
The report on the research is in the European Journal of Human Genetics .
It has been previously shown that there are genetic differences between populations in different countries .
Now the team in Edinburgh have tested whether the same analysis could be used to distinguish between people from the same country who were separated only by short distances .
This exciting finding begs the question of whether we will be able to identify the rural origins of urban people with ancestry from many places across a country Dr Jim Wilson , Edinburgh University
Researchers looked at the genes of volunteers from Scottish islands , the Alpine valleys of Italy and villages in Croatia .
The study included only people whose four grandparents came from the same village , to ensure they had one definite place of origin .
None of the volunteers were related to each other .
The results showed that by studying genetic differences it is possible to distinguish between people who live in villages that are only five miles apart .
They predicted the correct village of origin for 100 % of the Italian sample , 96 % of the Scottish sample and 89 % in the Croatian sample .
Researchers concluded the pattern can be explained by the fact that in the past people tended to marry within their own community .
After many generations , the different villages developed their own genetic fingerprint , so that scientists can now detect that distant kinship .
Dr Jim Wilson , a Royal Society University research fellow at Edinburgh University , who led the study , said : " This exciting finding begs the question of whether we will be able to identify the rural origins of urban people with ancestry from many places across a country .
" These results hold out the possibility that with more data , using genome sequencing for instance , we might be able to do this . "
Here ’s a description the typical situation .
• The Republicans outmessage the Democrats .
The Democrats , having no effective response , face disaster :
They lose politically , either in electoral support or failure on crucial legislation .
• The Democrats then take polls and do focus groups .
The pollsters discover that extremist Republicans control the most common ( " mainstream " ) way of thinking and talking about the given issue .
• The pollsters recommend that Democrats move to the right : adopt conservative Republican language and a less extreme version of conservative policy , along with weakened versions of some Democratic ideas .
• The Democrats believe that , if they follow this advice , they can gain enough independent and Republican support to pass legislation that , at least , will be some improvement on the extreme Republican position .
• Otherwise , the pollsters warn , Democrats will lose popular support — and elections — to the Republicans , because " mainstream " thought and language resides with the Republicans .
• Believing the pollsters , the Democrats change their policy and their messaging , and move to the right .
• The Republicans demand even more and refuse to support the Democrats .
We have seen this on issues like health care , immigration , global warming , finance reform , and so on .
We are seeing it again on the Death Gusher in the Gulf .
It happens even with a Democratic president and a Democratic majority in both houses of Congress .
Why ?
Is there anything the Democrats can do about it ?
First , it has to be understood .
It does n’t just happen .
The Difference Between Framing and Messaging
Framing is the most commonplace thing we do with thought and language .
Frames are the cognitive structures we think with .
They are physical , embodied in neural circuitry .
Frames come in systems .
Their circuitry is strengthened and often made permanent through use : the more the circuits are used , the stronger they get .
Effective frames are not isolated .
They build on , and extend , other frames already established .
All words are defined in terms of conceptual frames .
When the words are heard , the frames are strengthened — not just the immediate frames , but the whole system .
Fit matters .
The brain is a " best - fit " system .
The better a new frame " fits " existing frames , the more effective it will be ; that is , the more people will think , and make decisions , using that frame .
Frame conflict
The activation of one brain circuit may either activate or inhibit another .
A frame that fits a system will activate other frames in the system and make them stronger .
Strongly activated frames will weaken frames that they inhibit .
There are progressive and conservative frame systems .
Activating the conservative frame system , weakens the progressive frame system — both individual frames for particular issues , but also the system as a whole .
That is how framing works .
There are consequences .
High - Level , Moral Frames Matter More
Higher - level frames , deeper in the system , have a disproportionate effect .
The more the language of frame is repeated , the stronger the frame gets , along with the system the frame is in .
And the weaker the frames of the contradictory system gets .
The stronger high - level frames are , the more effective frames that fit them will be .
And the less effective frames that contradict them will be .
In politics , the high - level frames are the moral systems that define what is " right " for a conservative or progressive .
Most Framing is Unconscious
Frames are conceptual ; they are the elements of thought .
Most thought is unconscious .
Words activate frames .
We are rarely conscious of the frames that are activated by the words we hear .
Yet those frames are there in our brain circuitry , and more we hear the words , the stronger the frames get , even though we are n’t aware of it .
Framing is Long-term
Framing is the establishment of permanent ( or long - term ) high - level frames and systems of frames with the brains of voters .
Framing can be done by long - term careful political messaging , or through education ( say , by controlling school textbooks ) .
Prototype Framing
An important part of framing is the establishment of prototypes : social stereotypes , prototypes ( typical case , ideals , nightmares , salient exemplars ) .
Stereotypes are used in automatic reasoning and decision - making .
Bi-conceptual Framing
For important domains of thought , like morality , religion , and politics , it is commonplace for people to have two inconsistent frame systems that inhibit each other .
When those frames apply to different issues and in different contexts , we speak of " bi-conceptuals . "
When you can shift back and forth on an issue , you are bi-conceptual on that issue .
That is , you can frame the issue in two ways , using inconsistent higher - level frame systems .
Contested concepts
In politics , the high - level frames are moral frames .
There are opposing conservative and progressive moral systems .
Important political concepts are " contested , " overlapping in some classic cases , but diverging in content depending on the moral system .
Thus , vital political concepts like Life , Freedom , Responsibility , Government , Accountability , Equality , Fairness , Empathy , Property , Security , and so on are contested .
A major goal of political framing is to get your version of contested concepts accepted by the voters .
Messaging can then use these concepts and their language freely and effectively .
That is how framing works generally — independent of whether the frames are used in politics .
In politics , bi-conceptual voters can shift back and forth on an issue , depending on how the issue is framed in terms of higher - level political systems .
Political Messaging
Messages use words .
The words activate frames .
In political messages , you have a double intention : to get voters to think using your frames and to keep voters from thinking using the other side ’s frames , which contradict yours .
Your message will be more effective if it fits existing high - level frames in the brains of voters , and less effective it contradicts such high - level frames .
Political messaging and bi-conceptual voters
Your goal , with bi-conceptual voters , is to activate your system of political frames and inhibit the other side ’s system of political frames .
Your message should therefore fit your high - level frame system , and it should not fit the other side ’s high - level frame system .
If it fits the other side ’s high - level frame system , your message will be helping the other side , because it will tend to make voters think using their frame system .
Why Does Disaster Messaging Arise ?
Suppose the other side has structured its messaging over a long period of time to consistently strengthen its high - level frames , prototypes , and versions of contested concepts in the brains of voters .
They can now do effective messaging by using those high - level , morally - based frames in messages that evoke the existing strong high - level frames .
Why Conservatives Consistently Win Messaging Battles
In the US , conservatives have set up an elaborate messaging system .
It starts with an understanding of long - term framing and message experts who know how to use existing their long - term frame systems .
Then there are think tanks , with experts who understand the high - level frame system and how it applies to the full range of issues .
There are training institutes that teach tens of thousands of conservatives a year to think and talk using these framing systems and their language and argument forms .
There are regular gatherings to consolidate messaging and policy around a contemporary issue that fits the conservative moral system .
There are booking agencies that book conservative spokespeople on tv , talk radio , etc .
There are lecture venues and booking agencies for conservative spokespeople .
There are conservative media going on 24/7/365 .
As a result , conservative language is heard constantly in many parts of the US .
Conservative language automatically and unconsciously activates conservative frames and the high - level framing systems they are part of .
As the language is heard over and over , the circuitry linking the language to conservative frames becomes stronger .
Because the synapses in the neural circuits are stronger , they are easier to activate .
As a result , conservative language tends to become the normal , preferred " mainstream " language for discussing current issues .
This messaging system has existed and has been extended and strengthened over many years .
Democrats have a few of these elements , but they are relatively ineffective , since they tend to view messaging as short - term and issue - based , rather than long - term and morally based .
Democrats tend not to understand how framing works , and often confuse framing ( which is deep , long - term , systematic , morality - based , and conceptual ) with messaging ( which is shallow , short - term , ad hoc , policy - based , and linguistic ) .
This situation puts Democrats at a messaging disadvantage relative to conservatives , which leads to conservative victories .
Hence the regular need for disaster messaging .
Polling and The " Mainstream "
When the Democrats are out - messaged , they call upon polling and focus groups to given an " empirical , evidential " account of public opinion and which language is preferred by the public .
The " evidence " comes from polls and focus groups that test the normal " mainstream " language and logic , versus language and logic that is not " mainstream . "
This is , naturally , conservative language and logic , because the conservative messaging system has systematically made it that way patiently over years .
The pollsters therefore report that the " mainstream " of Americans prefer the conservative language and logic , and the policies that go with them .
The pollsters then suggest moving to right to go to where the public is .
They then construct and test messages that move enough to right to satisfy the " mainstream . "
They also construct " good arguments . "
If the " good arguments " activate the conservative worldview , the conservative position will just get stronger in the brains of the voters .
What ’s Wrong ?
When the Democrats use conservative language , they activate more than the conservative framing on the given issue .
They also activate and strengthen the high level , deep conservative moral frames .
This tends to make voters more conservative overall — and leads them to choose the real conservative position on the given issue , rather than the sort of conservative version provided by the democrats .
Disaster framing is a disaster .
The " Center "
There are bi-conceptuals of many kinds — you can have partly conservative , partly progressive views on many issues , and people vary considerably .
There is no general ideology of the center .
The myth that there is a single " center " is an artifact of current polling practices .
Here ’s how this works .
Ask people whether they When you pick a given issue and poll on the most common " mainstream " language .
It will be favored by both full conservatives and bi-conceptuals who happen to be conservative on that issue .
Those bi-conceptuals may identify as " democrats " or " liberal - leaning " or " independents . "
With suitable framing , those bi-conceptuals should shift on the issue , while the true conservatives will not .
Do they form a " center ? "
That is an empirical question , but they do not appear to .
Change the issue and a new issue - specific " center " may appear , person - by - person .
Such polling is rarely done , so claims about a single " center " — or a single left - to - right spectrum — should not be believed .
The Importance of Bi-conceptuals
Pollsters tend not to test for bi-conceptuals .
They are not just undecideds , or independents , or mere swing voters .
They are voters who have both relatively strong progressive and conservative high - level moral systems and apply them in different contexts to different issues .
There are usually a significant number — in the US my guess is around 20 % ± 3 .
They often determine elections .
If they are given only conservative messaging , that messaging will activate their conservative frame system .
If they are given progressive messages often enough over a reasonably long period , there is a good chance that their progressive moral system will be activated and strengthened .
The directly contradicts the traditional view of mainstream pollsters .
As a result , it has not been tested empirically on a large scale , though there is one solid result .
Recommendation
Do n’t move to the right .
Start thinking longer term .
Build as much of a communications system as possible .
Design long - term framing for your own high level , moral system and basic policy domains .
Fit your immediate messaging needs to the long - term frames .
Carry on both kinds of messaging in parallel .
Polling
Design polling to study bi-conceptuals through value - based frame - shifting .
Always use batteries of questions .
How Conservatives Change Policies Without Winning Elections
How do conservative Republicans have a large effect on policy even when they are largely out of office ?
Their communication system is never out of office .
That allows a conservative minority to stonewall and resist and gain popular approval for it .
Their communication system intimidates Democrats into disaster messaging and policy shifts to the right .
The Republicans do n’t have move the country in a conservative direction by holding office .
Their communications system can get the Democrats to move the country to the right by forcing disaster messaging upon them .
The example of immigration
The most recent example of disaster framing is reported on in an important Politico article by Carrie Budoff Brown , " Dems Tough New Immigration Pitch " .
It ’s an excellent piece , and I will be quoting liberally from it .
Brown reports that Democrats have taken " an enforcement - first , law - and - order , limited - compassion pitch that now defines the party ’s approach to the issue . "
Democratic leaders are now following the advice of pollsters Stan Greenberg , Celinda Lake , and Guy Molyneux and strategist / focus - group dialer Drew Westen : Talk like Republicans .
" The 12 million people who unlawfully reside the country ?
Call them " illegal immigrants , " not " undocumented workers , " the pollsters say . "
The pollster team was organized by John Podesta of the Center for American Progress .
" When [ voters ] hear ‘ undocumented worker , ’ they hear a liberal euphemism , it sounds to them like liberal code , " said Drew Westen , a political consultant who has helped Sharry hone the message through dial testing .
" I am often joking with leaders of progressive organizations and members of Congress , ‘ If the language appears fine to you , it is probably best not to use it .
You are an activist , and by definition , you are out of the mainstream . ’ "
And craft a policy with lots of Republican elements .
Here is what President Obama , following the pollsters ’ advice , said at a Cinco de Mayo celebration at the White House :
" The way to fix our broken immigration system is through common - sense , comprehensive immigration reform .
That means responsibility from government to secure our borders , something we have done and will continue to do .
It means responsibility from businesses that break the law by undermining American workers and exploiting undocumented workers — they ’ve got to be held accountable .
It means responsibility from people who are living here illegally .
They ’ve got to admit that they broke the law and pay taxes and pay a penalty , and learn English , and get right before the law — and then get in line and earn their citizenship . "
Conservative Republican elements are being communicated here :
Use force against the illegals ( " secure our borders " ) ; get tough ( " held accountable " } ; personal , not social , " responsibility " ; criminals ( " living here illegally " ) ; be punitive ( " admit they broke the law and pay taxes and pay a penalty " ) ;
English only ( " learn English " ) ; they ’re getting free handouts ( " earn their citizenship . " ) .
Put aside for a moment the substance of the policy , and notice that these are conservative Republican themes that fit a conservative Republican view of the world .
Democrats , starting with the President , are using the language that activates the conservative Republican view of the world .
Why ?
As Brown reports ,
" We lost control of the message in the 2007 debate , " said Frank Sharry , executive director of America ’s Voice , a pro-immigrant rights group that worked with Center for American Progress founder John Podesta on the messaging overhaul .
" We were on the inside fighting off amendments , and the other side was jacking up their opponents and getting Rush and Hannity and O’Reilly on fire about this .
We needed to do a much better job on communications . "
But the biggest factor came from Greenberg ’s polls : the threat that Democrats could lose " swing districts " in elections , but could win them with this message .
So the Democrats not only adopted the message , but much of the largely conservative policy that went with it .
A major feature , however , is that the " illegals " would be legalized while on the path to citizenship .
The conservative response is obvious :
It ’s just amnesty warmed over .
The Democrats are still soft on " illegals " — a term now embraced by Democrats who follow Drew Westen ’s recommendation .
With the Administration ’s lawsuit against the recent Arizona anti-immigrant law , you can bet that the Republicans will use that lawsuit to pin " soft on illegals " on Democratic candidates .
And the Administration ’s new " tough " right - wing rhetoric will only help support the Republicans .
Repetition over The Long Term
The only way progressives can avoid the disaster of disaster messaging is by regularly saying what they believe , in an effective messaging system — out loud , over and over , with the idea of changing how the public thinks and talks over the long haul .
Here is an uncompromising example of a possible op - ed :
End A Bad Law : 287 g
Bad laws , laws that hurt far more than they help , should be eliminated .
Section 287( g ) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( INA ) is a bad law .
Here ’s why .
Almost all immigrants who entered the US without papers are honest , hard - working , decent people , who have often risked their lives to come the America .
They do essential work , mostly for low wages , work that makes the lifestyles of most Americans possible : cleaning homes , caring for children and the elderly , gardening , cooking in restaurants , working on farms , doing odd jobs , working on construction .
They deserve our gratitude .
They are America ’s mainstays , good guys .
There are twelve million of them in America , helping us all live better every day .
A small number , as in any population , are bad guys : occasional murderers , human traffickers , drug dealers , gang members , and thieves .
They need to be captured and convicted .
But 287 g mostly harasses , jails , harms , and deports the good guys , and in doing so , mostly lets the bad guys escape .
287g allows local police and jailers to act as deportation agents with ultimate power over the lives of the good guys , who are assumed to be guilty until proven innocent .
Their very entry into the US without papers constitutes sufficient " guilt " to justify their mistreatment and deportation .
287 g promotes a form of racial profiling .
287 g is immoral , an affront to the human rights that define what America is about .
287 g is also ineffective in getting the bad guys , partly because it uses so many resources on going after the good guys .
As Alex DiBrancoreports , the Department of Homeland Security 's Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) found that 287( g ) is poorly managed , ineffectively organized , and arbitrarily implemented from place to place ; ignores or actually provides false information to the public ; fails to focus on non-citizens who pose a safety threat ; gives shoddy training ; and lacks oversight and has not terminated those local partners who have clearly violated the terms of the agreement — local law enforcement officials running amok in hunting down harmless undocumented immigrants .
287(g ) also deters undocumented immigrants who witness a crime from coming forward and encourages racial profiling in which Latinos are " guilty until proven innocent . "
287 g should be ended , and replaced by a law that protects the good guys and pays serious attention to catching the bad guys .
It is not just ineffective ; it is downright immoral .
The Point
Almost every day , I get a request from somewhere in the US — or various other countries — to help some group do disaster messaging .
It ’s sad .
Reframing rarely works with disaster messaging .
To work long - term , progressive messaging must be sincere and direct , must reflect progressive moral values , and must be repeated .
Progressive framing is about saying what you believe , telling the truth , and activating the progressive worldview already present in the minds of those who are partly conservative and partly progressive .
Framing is , of course , about policy , more than about messaging .
What you say should go hand - in - hand with what you think and do .
And , of course , the best messaging requires an excellent communications system , or it wo n’t be heard .
Progressives have the money to build such a system .
The question is whether they understand the desperate need for such a system , and whether they have the will to build it .
Once even the most loyal of Chris Bosh fans have retired their revisionary delusions of grandeur regarding his career , the parallels between his tenure with the Toronto Raptors and that of Vince Carter — the oft demonized former Raps star — will be impossible to ignore .
See cold , hard statistics below .
Vince – 403 GP , 23.4 PPG , .443 FG % , 5.2 RPG , 3.9 APG
Chris – 509 GP , 20.2 PPG , .492 FG % , 9.4 RPG , 2.2 APG
Ultimately , the most glaring similarity between the two once - glorified Raptor greats remains their mutual inability to procure a championship ( or even a compelling playoff run ) for the fans to enjoy , despite great individual success .
However , the general attitude towards Bosh ’s imminent departure for sun-soaked Miami is one of understanding amongst Raptors fans .
Contrary to when Vince opted to pursue other career avenues , the city and the player have parted ways amicably .
No vilification , no bad blood , no torches and pitch - forks .
Thus , the sharply contrasting reactions of the ever - devoted contingent of Raptors fans remains a bit of a mystery .
Vince now serves as Toronto ’s favourite pariah , while the ‘ Thank You , Chris Bosh ’ committee is busy planning an extravagant parade in CB4 ’s honour .
But , when you suspends the emotional component of a team losing the face of its franchise , you are left only with the daunting task of assessing just how valuable they were to your team .
While many may mourn the loss of # 4 , those of us who follow the Raptors with nothing more than casual interest can evaluate the situation a tad more objectively .
Bosh was good , but never good enough .
His perpetual failure in elevating the calibre of his teammates ’ play ( * refer to Hedo Turkoglu ’s 2009 - 2010 statistics * ) is what precluded him from earning the elite label , and what separated him from the best - of - the - best .
That being said , I have no doubt that playing alongside a legitimate top - end guard in Dwyane Wade will eventually result in him winning a championship , but I digress .
Raptors fans will always reserve a special part of their heart for Chris Bosh , as he was our saviour in the post - Vince era .
But , before he is excessively glorified and ultimately immortalized in Raptors lore , ask yourselves this , fans : was he really any better than VC ?
" From what you hear around the league , he ’s just an all - around great guy .
( Gonchar ) is going to bring some leadership into this dressing room as well .
He ’s a guy that ’s won a Stanley Cup ( in 2009 with the Pittsburgh Penguins ) and just having his presence here is going to be great . "
The miners ' fight against the new tax is an attack on our democracy .
Plutocracy , n. , 1 . The rule of wealth or of the wealthy .
2 . A government or state in which the wealthy class rules .
SO HERE'S the situation .
A small group of obscenely rich people are acting in concert to bring down an elected government that wants to tax super profits .
They want to install a new government sympathetic to their interests .
The war over the government 's proposed tax on the super profits of mining companies is revealing the ugly truth of Australia 's modern parliamentary system .
It is not so much the $ 100 million war chest and the ruthless exercise of power by the mining companies that is shocking , but the attitude of outraged entitlement they project .
The mining industry has always believed it should receive special treatment , but the boom of recent years has seen its assumption of a privileged place reach sublime levels .
Having governments fawn over them has inflated the egos of the magnates to the point where the normal constraints of propriety no longer prevent them from saying in public what they say to each other in private .
Images from a thoracic spine examination by Christopher Vittore and Kevin Tribble , radiologists in Rockford , Ilinois and clinical assistant professors at University of Illinois College of Medicine .
MRI technologist , Deb Savala assisted with the technical data .
This was performed on an open MRI machine , a General Electric Signa 0.35 Tesla MRI scanner .
( Details : 40 x 40 cm field of view , sagital plane , frequency 256 , phase 128 , image slice thickness 5 mm with 2 mm skip interval , no phase wrap . )
Main Forum Page The Gyroscope Forum 1 October 2020 13:41 Welcome to the gyroscope forum .
If you have a question about gyroscopes in general , want to know how they work , or what they can be used for then you can leave your question here for others to answer .
You may also be able to help others by answering some of the questions on the site .
Search the forum : Question Asked by : will thompson Subject : Gyro-stabilised motorcycle Question :
Hi folks ,
I am in my final year stuying transport design at university .
For one of my final projects i hope to design a gyroscopically stabilised fully enclosed motorbike .
Hopefully you can help me .
The plan in to have a secondary rim in the rear wheel that will spin independantly of the wheel enabling the bike to stay upright .
This would be run by a separate motor to the one that drives the bike to the wheel can continuously spin at the desired rpm .
There will be a weighting system that will slide to the the direction in which the bike is steering allowing it to lean into the corners .
So i have a few questions first of all do you think this is idea is sound in princple ?
Also if it is could some one tell me how to work out how fast the rim would have to spin to hold up a certain weight motorcycle
And how to work out how much weight would be needed to force the bike over with the gyro still spinning .
Thanks for your time any help would be greatly appreciated
Date : 19 October 2007 report abuse
Answers ( Ordered by Date )
Answer : Ron V. Parsons - 26/10/2007 01:51:55
I do n't believe it will work .
As a matter of fact , I think I know it wo n't work .
Built the way you describe , a tilting force would make the gyroscope try to spin the motorcycle around a vertical axis , not resist the tilt .
Since the bike can't rotate around a vertical axis ( two wheels on the ground resist it ... they do n't want to move sideways ) , nothing happens .
The bike just falls over .
I did the math years ago .... and built a model .... did n't work .
Prove it to yourself by buying a toy gyroscope .
Rig it up in a wire frame so the axis is horizontal and the ' feet ' are in the plane of the rotor .
Spin it up and watch it fall over .
If I have this wrong ... by all means ... correct me .
Report Abuse Answer : Damon Kendall - 28/11/2007 04:40:19
I 'd like to share some of my observations and thoughts on Will 's question and Ron 's response .
While I agree with Ron there is hope for Will 's success .
I purchased a toy gyro stabilized motorcycle at radio shack a couple of years ago .
The basic design is as you have described and it works fine .
Since there is no rider to counter steer and lean to change the center of gravity ( this is effectively the couple that causes precession and in turn balanced turning ) the steering head both turns the wheel and shifts the center of gravity .
As regards the inner gyro rotational velocity ; within limits slower speeds allow tighter turns and higher speeds allow wider turns for a set shift in the center of gravity .
Gray wrote a text on gyros and presents a print and a technical description of an early 20th century toy gyro stabilized motorcycle .
I understand the gyro must be free to precess or it will just topple over .
Actually it will try to precess about the third axis and will likely fail to do so .
However when the cycle rolls forward along a circular path the gyro is in effect precessing about the vertical .
The catch is the axis of rotation is some distance from the cycle .
It 's at the center of the circle it 's traveling along .
To stabilize the cycle at rest would complicate Will 's wheel design as hewould have to design a gimble to allow for preccession about a vertical axis within the wheel .
Anyhow this would also satisfy Ron 's dynamic constraint .
I 'll end with this related observation .
I have propelled my bike along by quickly leaning and turning side to side without pedalling .
I can go up a slight grade in this manner .
Report Abuse Answer : Alan Taylor -
09/12/2007 18:18:57
In the 1980s there were plans published in Model Mechanics of a working model of a motorcycle , complete with rider .
I think the completed model was about 6 " ( 150 mm ) or so long .
It was said that it did not need any additional gyroscopic assistance to stay upright as the two wheels provided all that was necessary .
They were correctly spoked wheels with no additional ' weighting ' .
Report Abuse Answer : RJ Fackler -
17/08/2008 19:20:58
Yes , look at this web page : http://cobbsblog.com/gyro/gyro-x-menu.html
Report Abuse Answer : Ron V Parsons -
19/02/2011 19:03:29
It IS possible to build a gryroscopically stabilized motorcycle , but you must use an active feedback loop to do it .
In fact , a guy actually built a train that worked this way :
http://www.catskillarchive.com/rrextra/odgyro.Html
The trick is that you need to sense when the cycle begins to tip , and then generate a force against the gyroscope to try to rotate it at a 90 degree angle to the direction of tip .
This force will be transformed by the gyro into a force resisting the tilt .
This ' sensing ' can be quite simple .... I believe the railroad cars had the gyros axis horizontal and at right angles to the direction of motion .
Then , a little rubber wheel on the gyro axis would touch one of the gimbals if the vehicle started tipping .... this friction would attempt to rotate the gyro around a vertical axis , which gets turned into a force in the front and back horizontal axis ..... restoring the vehicle to straight up .
Report Abuse Answer : eric ducharme -
16/03/2011 22:14:54
I have been working with full size gyro stabilized motorcycles for 15 years , we have built working prototypes and the cool thing is we also charge batteries with gyro so the bike as a commuter does not need to be plugged in .
We are hoping to get a $ 5000 scooter version avail in next few years .
Eric Ducharme
New Hybrid Technologies
Report Abuse Answer : George Barnes -
01/11/2011 00:11:24
Sounds like a feasible good idea if it can be restricted to slow speeds only .
Once the counter steer action kicks in , can't the gyro effect be neutralised ?
Report Abuse Answer : billy heddins -
18/01/2012 04:58:05
Here is a link to a youtube video of this very thing .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pZTy6SoGzE
Report Abuse Answer : gmbajszar - 27/11/2012 17:27:44
On my page under ' sci fi flight '
I have a video of a company building a gyroscopic motorcycle at gmbajszar.wix.com/mbcim
Gyroscopic motorcycles have been around for a hundred years .
Take a hand spinned gyroscope on the table , and the faster it spins the more the lever aligns to the top in central position .
You need a sharp bottom on which it spins , a spinning disk and the lever that pulls upward with faster and faster spins .
Not too hard science .
My interest on the page is if in the future we can use gyroscopic balancing technology for flying motorcycles which have no airplane wings , yet remain flying in perfect balance , as if they had wings .
Gyroscopes are hidden wings .
Report Abuse Answer : Joe Public - 23/06/2013 21:01:18
It uses TWO gyros offset at an angle .
The same principle of the ' steady - cam . '
Report Abuse Answer : Joe Public - 23/06/2013 21:02:26
It uses TWO gyros offset at an angle .
The same principle of the ' steady - cam . '
Report Abuse Add an Answer >>
Image caption Bruno Fernandes is team captain of Rio de Janeiro 's Flamengo
The goalkeeper of Brazil 's most popular football team has surrendered to the police in connection with the disappearance of his former lover .
Bruno Fernandes , who plays for Rio de Janeiro 's Flamengo , is being investigated after Eliza Samudio went missing nearly a month ago .
A teenage cousin of the footballer told police she had been abducted and was dead .
Ms Samudio had said that the married footballer was the father of her baby .
' Clear conscience '
The goalkeeper walked into a Rio police station on Wednesday night , shortly after a warrant for his arrest was issued .
Police had earlier arrested his wife , Dayane Souza , and several of his friends .
The warrants were issued after a 17 - year - old cousin of Mr Fernandes told police that he had taken part in Ms Samudio 's abduction with a friend of the footballer , Luiz Henrique Ferreira Romao .
According to police , the youth told them that Ms Samudio was dead but did not say how she died , nor where her body was .
On Monday , Mr Fernandes told Brazilian radio that he had a " clear conscience .
In the future I 'll be able to laugh at all this " .
The BBC's Ana Pisarro says the case has transfixed the Brazilian media , combining as it does all the ingredients of a Brazilian TV soap opera .
Image caption Mr Clegg seemed comfortable in his new seat at prime minister 's questions
Five years after his first performance at PMQs , David Cameron finally had the chance to face the questions rather than pose them .
But , this was not the jolly post- election political knock - about that some might have expected .
There were several reasons for this .
Most obviously , the shootings in Cumbria subdued the Commons .
The raid on the Gaza ship , and more deaths in Afghanistan contributed to a much more sombre mood than had prevailed in the chamber after the Queen 's Speech .
It is also important to remember that over a third of these MPs will never have attended prime minister 's questions before .
Many will have been unsure how to behave while watching these fascinating , but strange , weekly bouts .
When to cheer ?
When to jeer ?
And are n't the rules for the " new " politics supposed to be somehow different from the " old " ?
Clearly , PMQs in the age of coalition will take some time to bed down .
' Punch and Judy '
David Cameron seemed to want to present himself as a less overtly political prime minister than Gordon Brown .
When he first become opposition leader , he said he would end " Punch and Judy " politics in the Commons .
That did n't last .
But , Mr Cameron still likes to present himself as the serious , grown - up leader acting in the " national interest " at all times .
Labour 's tactic week - in , week - out will be to try to tease out divisions between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats
In video : PMQ highlights
Hence , the prime minister 's best moment today : " I am going to give accurate answers rather than make them up " .
There was a huge cheer from the government benches at this point - even from Liberal Democrats like Chris Huhne .
The role of the Lib Dems in these weekly clashes still is not totally clear .
Nick Clegg has become the silent man - the only leader of the three biggest parties who does not get to say anything at all ( although he does seem to be offered the chance to tour TV and radio studios on the morning of big parliamentary events ) .
Today he sat in the Commons looking pretty comfortable .
At one point , he was licking his lips reflectively .
Sure - footed Harman
A few minutes later he prompted the prime minister about a policy detail .
Week in week out , he will be sitting to Mr Cameron 's right .
But never cheering or laughing too enthusiastically for the comfort of his own MPs , and never patting Mr Cameron 's back too vigorously when he sits down .
Other Liberal Democrats also seem a little unsure how to react to " their " prime minister .
There will , of course , now be obsessive discussion every week about where everyone is sitting .
Are the Lib Dem ministers huddled together or interspersed with their Tory partners ?
As the weeks go by , we can also expect much more comment on the body language of the likes of Vince Cable , Chris Huhne , Danny Alexander etc , as Mr Cameron defends the government 's actions .
What of Labour ?
Harriet Harman put in another sure - footed Commons performance .
Though she was not as effective or funny as on the day of the Queen 's Speech - when many were asking why she was not running for the Labour leadership .
But one thing is clear - particularly from her questions about tax breaks for married couples .
Labour 's tactic week - in , week - out will be to try to tease out divisions between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats .
The opposition 's aim at PMQs will be to expose these cracks in the coalition .
Their hope will be to make the silent Nick Clegg squirm .
I thought I would take a look at if there will be any effect on the Islander 's draft strategy now that both Finland and Sweden have transfer agreements in place with the NHL .
In the past without the transfer agreements , many NHL teams have used late round draft picks to take Scandinavian prospects thinking that they would hold onto their rights indefinitely .
With the transfer agreements in place this is no longer the case .
While specifics are n't published by either side , enough details are now known that we can get a good idea on how this will affect current teams prospects and individual teams ' draft strategies .
What we do know is that NHL teams now hold the exclusive rights for two years after the draft provided they offer the player a Bona - Fide offer during the first off season .
If the NHL team does sign a player they owe the Swedish / Finnish team somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 200,000 - $ 250,000 transfer fee .
The players are allowed to be loaned back to the original club for a year after signing their entry level .
What does all this mean ?
Well , for one a team has to be pretty sold on a Scandinavian player to draft him now .
Not only do they think he will be North American ready in two years but also worth the investment of the transfer fee .
No longer will teams be taking fliers on random prospects in the late rounds hoping they develop into the next Henrik Zetterberg .
I suggest checking out Derek Zona 's post over at Copper and Blue from last month for some details on the Finnish agreement if you want to delve deeper into the rules regarding already drafted prospects playing in Scandinavia .
After the jump , I will take a look at the Isles late round draft history under the Snow - Jankowski regime and the Scandinavian trends in general post lockout .
The transfer agreement with Finland was signed in July 2009 , the month following the entry draft and the Swedish agreement was signed back in March .
Since the Finland agreement was signed post draft , you can't really use the amount of Finns drafts in 2009 as a predictor for the Swedes that will be drafted this year .
For the Islanders ' draft history I will use the last three drafts , 2007 - 2009 .
I will forget the Niel Smith / Mike Milbury post - lockout drafts since I think the draft strategy has changed with the new regime ( although it does n't take a genius to figure that out ) .
Nationalities Drafted by Islanders 2007 -2009
2007 2008 2009 Canadians 3 8 3 Americans 1 2 1 Swedes 0 1 1 Finns 0 1 1 Russians 1 1 1 Czechs / Slovaks 0 0 0 Others 0 0 0
As you can see the Islanders did n't even draft that many prospects from Europe in the Snow / Jankowski era .
Of the four Scandinavian prospects they drafted , one ( Jyri Niemi ) played in North America .
They have not drafted a Scandinavian prospect in rounds 5 - 7 .
The lowest drafted Scandinavian player was David Ullstrom in the 4th round of 2008 .
Ironically the one player of the four not offered an entry - level contract or signed with the organization is Niemi , the one that played in the WHL .
Also of note are the three Russians drafted .
Max Gratchev played in the OHL and was released from the organization prior to last season .
He spent this season bouncing between the ECHL and the AHL in the Senator 's organization .
Anton Klementyev was signed right after he was drafted and played in Bridgeport this past year .
The other , some dude named Petrov , is currently playing in Russia although possibly not for long .
So will the new agreements affect the Isles draft strategy ?
It sure does n't look like it .
Even when drafting non-North American players , Snow and Jankowski prefer those who will be playing in North America the season after the draft .
Of the twenty players drafted in the last three years , only Petrov , Ullstrom and Anders Nilsson did not play in North America the season following the draft .
I guess this makes European scout Veli-Pekka Kautonen 's job fairly easy .
As for the trends across the NHL , lets take a look at the post lockout drafts :
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 Swedes 12 18 17 17 24 Finns 9 14 4 7 10 Danes 2 0 1 2 1 Norwegians 0 0 0 3 0
The reason I added the Danes and Norwegians is the young prospects from these two countries tend to play in the Swedish or Finnish developmental and pro leagues ( See Frans Nielsen 's tenure at Frolunda and Jonas Holos at Farjestad ) .
Sweden dominated the other three Scandinavian countries in both players drafted ( 88 ) and first rounders ( 15 ) .
48 of the Swedes drafted were in the 4th round or later meaning over half of the Swedes drafted since the lockout were in the later rounds .
The numbers for the Finns are a bit more surprising : 34 of the 44 Finnish players were drafted in the 4th round or later .
In 2009 , Mikko Koskinen was the only Finn drafted above the 4th round .
The only Norwegian drafted before the 6th round was the very un-Norwegian named and Colorado College bound Scott Winkler in the 3rd round by Dallas .
Two Danes were selected in the 1st round , Lars Eller and Mikkel Bodker with Bodker playing in the OHL .
The other four were drafted in the fourth round or later .
So what does this mean for the 2010 draft ?
Well I do n't think it will affect the higher rated prospects like a Mikael Grandlund as teams that would select a player that they would be willing to invest the money into the transfer fee .
As for the more marginal prospects , like a Sondre Olden or a Lars Volden I think it will help them in the end .
If a team takes them and in the end no longer thinks they are a prospect , the player will have the freedom if they want to go with another organization if they want to come to North America .
As for draft strategies , I think teams will tend to take more North Americans now in the later stages , especially those headed for the NCAA in order to keep player rights longer .
If a late round pick makes it to the NHL , they tend to be late bloomers or project picks that need time to develop , not helpful for NHL teams faced with a time limit on a player 's exclusive rights .
So I do n't think the two new transfer agreements will affect the Islanders draft strategy .
Snow and Jankowski have shown that they tend to go with late blooming CHLers like Matt Martin and Justin DiBenedetto or NCAA bound players like Blake Kessell and Anders Lee with their later picks rather than take fliers on Europeans .
Outside of Ullstrom and Nilsson , the Scandinavians they have picked played in North America the season following the draft whether it was in the CHL or AHL .
Even with the other Europeans they 've drafted , only Petrov has played for a prolonged time in his home country .
It will affect other NHL teams ( I 'm looking at you Detroit ) and while I think there will be a short term drop off in Scandinavians drafted .
In the long term I think teams will tend to draft more mature Scandinavians ( Like the Isles did with Koskinen this past year ) as the development track of a 20 year old is a bit easier to track than that of an 18 year old .
FIRM OVERVIEW
Founded in 1978 , Mammuth & Rosenberg helps people who have been injured in Pennsylvania and New Jersey .
A single accident can change an individual 's whole life .
As Philadelphia , PA and Marlton , NJ personal injury attorneys , we help seek compensation for medical bills and damages .
We have successfully made large insurance companies pay their fair share and will do so on your behalf .
Since we are a small law firm , we are very client responsive .
We do not put you through a difficult and lengthy process the way a large law firm would .
With us , you get individual , personalized attention .
Your case is as important to us , as it is to you .
At Mammuth & Rosenberg our attorneys understand that the client always comes first .
We believe that each client should receive the same special attention that each case demands .
We believe in high quality legal services provided by an entire legal team .
In trial verdicts and settlements , Mammuth & Rosenberg , Attorneys At Law — have continually gained substantial compensation for our clients , regarding various claims .
Our style of representation is one of compassion with you ; yet vigorous and aggressive at the negotiation table or in a court room .
We are result - oriented ; because we know the impact your case can have on your future -- so our representation is one that consistently delivers : compassion , integrity , & results .
State of Text Rendering
By Behdad Esfahbod < behdad behdad org >
Last major update : January 18 , 2010
Last minor update : December 18 , 2012
Disclaimer
At the time of writing the initial version of this paper , the author was working for Red Hat 's Desktop team and has been involved with GNOME and Fedora for a long time .
He has been a developer and / or maintainer of many modules discussed in this paper at various times , including fribidi , fontconfig , harfbuzz , pango , cairo , and gnome - terminal .
Introduction
Text is the primary means of communication in computers , and is bound to be so for the decades to come .
With the widespread adoption of Unicode as the canonical character set for representing text a whole new domain has been opened up in a desktop system software design .
Gone are the days that one would need to input , render , print , search , spell - check , ... one language at a time .
The whole concept of internationalization ( i18n ) on which Unicode is based is all languages , all the time .
The Free Software desktop has been rather late to the Unicode bandwagon , but in the past ten years all the major pieces have gathered together and nowadays , on a modern GNU / Linux distribution like Fedora , one cannot easily get anything other than Unicode working .
Internationalization and Unicode text processing are about more than just rendering text on the screen .
However , in this paper we focus on the specific problem of text rendering , ie .
from input Unicode text to pixels lit on the screen .
We will discuss the current architecture , identify problems that have limited progress in recent years , and propose actions to be taken to remedy them .
While there are multiple text rendering stacks available in the Free Software world and even on a single GNU / Linux desktop , in this document we focus on the GNOME text rendering stack and the Fedora Project where it comes to distro-specific issues .
Fedora and Red Hat have been showing leadership in advancing the text stack for years , and other distributions have been fast adopting these new technologies .
We expect that to remain the case for the years to come , although it would be nice to see other distributions / communities start contributing more closely to the parts of the stack we all share .
This document is a draft working - copy paper .
It is a roadmap of where we are now and where we want to be , and will be updated as we get there .
Status Quo
FreeType Performs font rasterization .
Given font data ( file or data in memory ) , it does simple ( non-complex ) mapping of Unicode characters to glyph indices and rendering glyphs to images .
Fontconfig Performs font selection based on a pattern of desired font characteristics .
These characteristics typically include a family name , style , weight , slant , size , as well as language .
Font configuration happens by way of a set of very expressive XML rules .
Fontconfig uses FreeType to inspect fonts and caches the results in an mmap ( ) able architecture - specific binary cache .
FriBidi GNU FriBidi is an implementation of the Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm .
Pango uses FriBidi and has an internal copy of it .
AbiWord is the other major user of FriBidi .
Many other projects use FriBidi as the simplest route to add support for Hebrew and Arabic scripts without adding support for a full complex text rendering engine .
HarfBuzz HarfBuzz is the meat of the modern GNU / Linux text rendering stack .
With OpenType emerging as the universal font format supporting complex text rendering , HarfBuzz , as an OpenType Layout engine , is where all the magic happens .
In fact it is of such importance to the stack that it deserves an entire section of its own in this document .
Pango Pango is , for the most part , the roof of the text rendering stack .
Components sitting on top of Pango ( eg. GTK + ) need not know about complexities of i18n text and are expected to simply use these opaque objects called PangoLayout's .
Pango has been designed to satisfy GTK +'s needs for i18n text .
However , Pango still provides a low - level API on which one can build their own layout engine .
This is what Firefox , Webkit - GTK , etc do , but it has proved to be a cumbersome practice .
We will expand on that later .
HarfBuzz
Traditionally fonts were a collection of glyphs and a simple one - to - one mapping between characters and glyphs .
Rudimentary support for simple ligatures was available in some font formats .
With Unicode however there was a need for formats allowing complex transformation of glyphs ( substitution and positioning ) .
Two technologies were developed to achieve that , one is OpenType Layout from Microsoft and Adobe , the other is AAT from Apple .
These two technologies , plus TrueType and Type1 font formats , all were combined in what is called OpenType .
There are fundamental differences in how AAT and OpenType Layout work .
In AAT the font contains all the logic required to perform complex text shaping ( the process of converting Unicode text to glyph indices and positions ) .
Whereas in OpenType , the script - specific logic ( say , Arabic cursive joining , etc ) is part of the standard and implemented by the layout engine , with fonts providing only the font - specific data that the layout engine can use to perform complex shaping .
The Free Software text stack is based on the OpenType Layout technology .
HarfBuzz is an implementation of the OpenType Layout engine ( aka layout engine ) and the script - specific logic ( aka shaping engine ) .
History
Originally the FreeType project implemented the OpenType Layout engine as part of the FreeType 2 project , however it was dropped from FreeType at the last moment when it was decided that OpenType shaping is not involved in rasterizing glyphs and hence is out of the scope of FreeType .
The FreeType Layout ( FTL ) code was salvaged by Pango and Qt developers and kept in house for quite a few years .
Owen Taylor developed an abstract buffer on top of the layout engine making it much easier to use .
Around 2006 Pango and Qt developers cooperated to reunify the layout engine again , and HarfBuzz was born as a freedesktop.org project .
Initially it was just merging back the existing code and renaming it , but after various meetings , the plan to make HarfBuzz be a unified shaping engine was born and have been the goal since .
HarfBuzz was relicensed ( thanks to FreeType developers ) to the old MIT license to rid it of the FTL advertisement clause .
In 2007 ( ? ) TrollTech donated the Qt shapers to HarfBuzz under the same license as the layout engine code .
This is the current state of HarfBuzz .
At this time Qt ships with its own copy of HarfBuzz which is identical to the upstream HarfBuzz .
Pango ships with its own copy also , but only uses the layout engine , and not the HarfBuzz shapers .
Since 2008 the author has been working on rewriting the layout engine to be more robust and use mmap ( ) ed fonts efficiently , and that work is mostly done now .
Next step is to design a user - friendly high - level API for the shaping engine and merge the Pango and Qt shapers and put them under the new API .
This is a work in progress by Red Hat and Mozilla .
HarfBuzz is currently being used by Pango , Qt , the Linux port of Google 's Chromium browser , as well as some smaller project .
The grand plan is for it to be used directly by any code needing direct access to a portable and robust complex shaping engine .
That would include toolkits , browsers , word processors , and design applications .
We will expand on that in a later section .
Other Free Software Shaping Engines
ICU ICU is the Internationalization Classes for Unicode , a library developed by IBM with existing ports in C , C++ , and Java .
It does a lot more than shaping , and is a huge library .
That 's perhaps the main reason why it is not used widely for shaping .
The most notable users of ICU are the OpenOffice.org suite and Sun 's Java implementation .
It is highly probable that ICU will be ported to using HarfBuzz when HarfBuzz gets to production stage .
m 17n Mostly of academic importance , m17n is an internationalization framework that includes a shaping engine .
Its most notable characteristic is that it is based on language - and script - specific shaping rules expressed as Lisp code .
Latest versions of Emacs use m17n for complex text rendering .
SIL Graphite SIL Graphite is a complex / smart - font technology parallel to OpenType Layout .
In this framework , the font itself contains all the shaping logic and the engine has no language - or script - specific knowledge .
This allows for developing fonts for minority scripts and languages without having to update the engine first .
For established scripts though , there is not much reason to prefer Graphite over OpenType .
Consumers
One can loosely divide the consumers of the text rendering stack based on their varying demands and requirements :
GUI Toolkits like GTK + and Qt need the least flexibility when it comes to text rendering .
Indeed , all the user cares about is that the text is rendered to the screen and is legible .
Pango has been specifically designed with this use case in mind .
Qt is even worse in that it pretty much does not support any other use case .
Ultimately most ( all ? ) other use cases should be made to use HarfBuzz directly , freeing Pango to do what it 's really good at : Providing an easy - to - use API for GUI toolkits .
Web browsers have two unique requirements that make it hard to use the native text stack in full :
They have to abide by the very strict CSS font selection rules ( as opposed to , say , fontconfig's ) ,
They need to support web fonts , that is , fonts that are not installed on the system and are downloaded from the web on demand .
It is worthwhile to review what the various web browser engines currently use for their complex text support : Firefox uses Pango .
Firefox 2 was hacked to use PangoLayout API .
That was very abusive and inherently inefficient .
Firefox 3 has got a new layout engine that is completely based on cairo .
The Linux port subclasses PangoFcFontMap to be able to support both CSS text selection as well as web fonts .
By doing that it is essentially reimplementing most of Pango and only using the shaping logic .
It makes much more sense to use HarfBuzz directly , and Mozilla is now working on getting HarfBuzz ready for that .
Webkit - GTK uses PangoCairo .
They use Pango the same way that Firefox 2 used to do .
At the end of the day , it 's at best a hack .
Moving to HarfBuzz when the time is right should fix that .
Webkit / Android is the webkit engine as used by Google in Android and Chromium .
It uses a system called Skia for 2D graphics rendering .
The team at Google has released an alpha Linux port of Chromium that is using HarfBuzz directly .
Word processors ' biggest unique demand from a shaping engine is good support for and lots of control on line hyphenation and justification .
Also important to them is choosing fonts as closely and robustly as possible to the font requested by the document .
Device - independent metrics as well as metric - compatibility with other word processors is another requirement ( required by all kinds of office suite applications really . )
OpenOffice.org currently uses ICU and AbiWord uses Pango .
Both will have a better time using HarfBuzz shaping directly .
Designer tools demand much of what word processors do , but also access to advanced font features ( alternate glyphs , etc ) , being able to correctly handle fonts with many various ( and non-standard ) styles , things like manual kerning , as well using SVG fonts and embedded subsetted fonts .
Inkscape and The GIMP use Pango currently , and Scribus is in transition to / has been ported to using HarfBuzz directly .
Font designer tools can use HarfBuzz directly to generate previews .
Other than that there is not much else to share really , even though they both deal with the very same objects ( fonts ) : the font tools needs to be able to generate font tables , which is out of the scope of a shaping engine .
Fontforge has the option to use Pango currently .
Terminal emulators with support for complex text are very weird hybrids .
On the one hand terminal emulators have to lay text out in a predefined grid in a predefined way , which is in conflict with many aspects and requirements of complex text , on the other hand users demand support for complex text in their terminals .
It gets uglier when you think about bidirectional text , say , inside a console text editor .
Nonetheless , it is fair to say that such hybrids do not put any new demands on the shaping engine .
gnome - terminal currently has no support for complex text other than combining marks .
Konsole has bidirectional text support .
Apple 's Terminal App has at least bidi support as well as Arabic shaping support , not sure about other complex text .
Update ( Jan 18 , 2010 ) : The terminal mode ( term and ansi-term ) in recent versions of Emacs can render complex text , including Indic .
Batch document processors have no requirements other than what 's required by , say , browsers or word processors .
However , so far a decent internationalized batch document processor has pretty much been nonexistent .
The reason historically has been that shaping engines were always developed in the context of GUI frameworks , and batch processors typically do not rely on one , and hence are designed without the i18n models present in all moderns GUIs in mind .
XMLFO / Docbook processors , etc fit in this category and should use HarfBuzz and the rest of the stack for full complex text support .
TeX engines are batch document processors but worth looking into separately .
Historically TeX had no shaping engines and basic shaping was done using macro packages and a variety of hacks .
More recently though , XeTeX was invented .
XeTeX simply outsources the shaping to an external library , ICU or Apple 's ATSUI currently .
XeTeX is a separate branch of the TeX evolutionary hierarchy than the mainstream pdfTeX though .
The XeTeX creator is working on HarfBuzz on behalf of Mozilla now , and plans to port XeTeX to HarfBuzz eventually .
In the long term though , pdfTeX 's successor luaTeX should be made to do the same thing .
There is more to Unicode support than just shaping , and in those areas the TeX engines can gain a lot by building on top of existing libraries .
The Problem
FreeType has the widest range of supported font formats in the world .
Fontconfig has the most expressive font configuration language .
In fact , other text rendering stacks simply do n't have much of a configuration mechanism .
Fontconfig - based text stacks have been the first to support font fallback based on glyph coverage transparently .
This feature appeared in Mozilla around the same time ( early 2000s ) and only recently in Windows Vista as far as I know , though I 've been pointed to this which suggests that per-script font fallback was supported since Windows 2000 , but certainly not per-codepoint .
FriBidi has been the most standard - complying implementation of the Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm for years .
All algorithm bugs found in FriBidi over the years have revealed bugs in the spec itself as well as its reference implementations .
Pango has been the first text stack to support some of the minority scripts encoded in Unicode , even before that version of Unicode was officially released .
However , when one stands back and looks at the stack as a whole , it is not something to envy .
As a whole , we have not been making ground - breaking progress for quite a while .
The last major progress was the move to client - side fonts itself which fueled a renaissance .
Since then , it has mostly been bug fixing , cleanup , polish , small features here and there .
Pretty similar to the GNOME2 status one would say .
Indeed , the client - side fonts were first introduced in early GNOME2 .
What we need is the GNOME3 of text rendering , in time for GNOME3 .
To those familiar with the text stack , it is hard to not see what is wrong .
I believe there are two problems : 1 ) the current stack is good enough , so improving it stays low - priority for parties involved , and 2 ) what I like to call segregated efforts .
By that I mean , for example :
Fontconfig exposes a dangerously expressive configuration language in XML , and from there any misconfiguration is font packager 's fault and not fontconfig's .
Even if it is painfully hard to express sane preferences using fontconfig rules .
Fontconfig rightly chose XML as its configuration language , the idea being that font configuration GUIs can be developed to output configuration XML based on user preferences .
This has yet to be realized though .
Update ( Jan 18 , 2010 ) : There is a small GUI project called Fontik that allows per-font configuration .
This is a step in the right direction IMO .
Pango maintainer adds new features , making it possible to implement advanced features in more demanding applications like designer tools , but leaves it to others to actually implement such features in the tools higher in the stack .
All the new features get is a mention in the release notes and , if lucky , a blog post .
Text Layout Summit has been a fairly successful meeting bringing all interested parties together since 2006 ( it has been held at GNOME Boston Summit 2006 , Akademy 2007 , and Libre Graphics Meeting 2008 ) .
However , those same parties do not work as closely out of the meeting .
For example , while Scribus and HarfBuzz developers have been discussing various issues at length during these meetings , there has not been a much email exchange between the projects over the years .
unifont.org is a website that has many of the right aspirations for how an ideal font and text ecosystem should look like , but the project does not work with the HarfBuzz and other library designers as closely as I like to see .
SIL Graphite and m17n both are reinventing the wheel in one sense .
They each definitely have their own justifications why a new wheel may be needed , but the fact remains , that their efforts does not advance the mainstream GNU / Linux text rendering pipeline .
One may even argue that the extremely modular design of GNU / Linux systems makes it painfully hard to expose a truly integrated solution , in many areas including text rendering .
For example , the X architecture combined with client - side font rendering makes it close to impossible to optimize the pipeline to take advantage of all the possibilities exposed by modern GPUs , like Microsoft does for example .
However , that excuse is irrelevant as it may be part of the problem statement , but it hardly is the answer .
Recent Advances
Only recently have the Desktop Team at Red Hat and the Fedora Font SIG started working on features that extend across the stack ( vertically or horizontally ) :
Online font addition / removal :
The user - visible feature here is that when a new font is installed or an existing one removed , running applications pick that up automatically and in a matter of seconds , without needing a restart .
Implementing this feature involved changes way higher in desktop stack , and surprisingly , no changes in the text stack itself : the text stack already provided the API needed to build this feature on top of it for years , but it was never used .
The changes required where in fact in GTK + and gnome - settings - daemon .
The way this works is : gnome - settings - daemon gets the list of all relevant font files and directories and uses glib / gio to monitor them for changes , Upon noticing a change , it asks fontconfig to rebuild its cache , When the new cache is ready , gnome - settings - daemon notifies all running application using the XSETTINGS framework , GTK + catches the notification and asks Pango to drop all its caches , GTK + sends the application a " theme - changed " signal such that the application windows are redrawn , using the new font database .
Automatic font installation : Building on top of the previous feature , this feature involves automatic detection of missing fonts , and installing them .
Minimal changes in the text stack were required .
The main changes were in RPM and PackageKit .
The way this works is :
When building packages , RPM detects fonts ,
For each font , RPM uses fontconfig 's new fc-query tool and FcPatternFormat ( ) to build a list of " Provides " tags for the list .
For example , the Deja Vu Sans font will " provide " the tags " font ( : lang=en ) " as well as " font ( dejavusans ) " among others , packagekit - gnome installs a system - wide GTK + module to be loaded by all GTK +
applications , The PackageKit GTK + module overrides the default Pango fontmap such that when a font is requested but not found , a message is send to the PackageKit daemon , Upon receiving such messages , the PackageKit daemon searches the package database for the requested font tag , and shows a dialog asking user for permission , and showing a list of font packages available that fulfill the request ,
When the new font is installed , running applications pick it up automatically , no need to message them back .
Streamlining font packaging :
The Fedora Font SIG rightfully recognized that it is actually painfully hard for font packagers to write the correct fontconfig configuration for their font packages .
Indeed , no one really knows what the correct configuration really is .
It also does not help that many font packagers want their font to be used as the default font for their language .
So , during the past year the SIG has been busy drafting the Fedora font packaging guidelines and getting them passed officially .
A major font package cleanup followed .
This is still a work in progress , but a step in the right direction on the distro level .
User / Customer - facing Issues
CJK Problem
CJK problem is an artifact of the Unicode Han Unification .
That is , the fact that the same Unicode character is used for all three of Traditional Chinese ( used Hong Kong and Taiwan ) , Simplified Chinese ( used in mainland China ) , and Japanese ( a variation of Simplified Chinese originally ) .
The three languages , while sharing the same ideographs , require different visual rendering of the shared characters , making correct font selection critical for legible rendering of text in this family of languages .
Moreover , users of these languages typically have different requirements for rendering Latin than the rest of the world .
For example , while Indic or Arabic users prefer their Latin text to be rendered using the default Latin font on the system , CJK users want the Latin to be rendered using the same font used for CJK .
This is because CJK characters are very complex drawings and must be rendered using handcrafted bitmaps to be legible at small sizes .
Such bitmap glyphs simply look ugly adjacent to antialiased Latin glyphs .
Inherent to the CJK problem is also communication failure .
CJK is a huge and still emerging market , affecting over one billion of the world 's population .
Yet it is hard to find two native field experts that can agree on the very basics of how the fonts should look on screen .
So far the burden has been falling on fontconfig and Fedora Font SIG maintainers to explore possible solutions and implement them .
But we are not there yet .
To fix this problem , we need to go back to the design stage and re-design how fontconfig configuration is supposed to work .
Fontconfig configuration idioms need to be extended and the new idioms documented and implemented across all font packages .
ACTION : Understand and document the roots of the problem , extend fontconfig and Pango as necessary to be able to address the problem , document idioms for font configuration in Fedora , and update all font packages to use the new guidelines .
STATUS : Behdad to read CJKV Information Processing , 2nd edition .
Indic Problem
Indic problem is rooted in the fact that over a dozen of scripts used in India are all implemented using a single shaper driven by different data - tables .
This makes a lot of sense from a design point of view since the scripts are very similar in the way they are encoded in Unicode .
However , each of them does have delicate differences in how certain common characters interact with the others and that has made it hard to fix bugs in one script without breaking others .
The Indic shapers in both Pango and Qt were ported from the one in ICU , so this problem is common to all available free - software Indic shapers .
It is practically impossible to fix the tens of outstanding Indic bugs without first merging all the available implementation and also developing an exhaustive test suite .
Moreover , the Open Type Indic standard was also so complex and hard to implement correctly that Microsoft moved to a new Indic standard in Vista .
There is currently no free implementation available for the new standard .
ACTION : Merge the three Indic shapers into one as part of the HarfBuzz shaper merger with Pango .
STATUS : Jonathan Kew of Mozilla will do this as soon as the new shaping infrastructure in HarfBuzz is in place .
ACTION : Develop an extensive Indic shaping test suite , as part of a larger , HarfBuzz - wide , shaping test suite .
STATUS : A high priority item after the basic new shaping infrastructure in HarfBuzz is in place .
ACTION : Develop an Indic shaper for the new OpenType Indic standard .
STATUS : Not planned currently .
Latin Problem
ACTION : Understand the scope of the problem and design a solution in Pango .
STATUS : Behdad to work on the understanding part this week .
Road Ahead
Experience shows that if module X needs to use library Y , it would make for much better code if Y developers implement that in X and submit the patch to X maintainers for review , than the common practice of X developers implementing Y support in X based on available documentation ( which is always incomplete anyway ) .
With that in mind , we as the text stack maintainers need to reach out upward to applications across the desktop whenever we add new features .
For example , if a new font selector and dialog are designed for GTK + , we need to cooperate with OpenOffice.org , The GIMP , etc to make them provide users with the same enhanced experience .
In this section we will identify areas that can benefit from immediate technical attention to advance the user experience with text rendering on the free desktop .
We also need to start thinking about more integration issue and seek longer term vision for improving the text rendering experience .
HarfBuzz layout engine rewrite : 90 % done .
The code currently lives in Pango 's harfbuzz - ng branch .
Needs to be tested for portability to various platforms and toolchains .
HarfBuzz shaper API redesign : Work started by Behdad and Jonathan Kew .
Expecting drafts in August , and finalized early next year .
Merge HarfBuzz shapers with Pango and port to new framework : Jonathan Kew to work on it after the API draft is out .
Subpixel text rendering and positioning :
Fix subpixel issues and implement subpixel positioning API in cairo , and revamp gnome appearance applet to reflect this .
Font selector and dialog : Design a better , more usable , font chooser dialog with internationalized font preview in GTK + , OpenOffice.org , The GIMP
Desktop - wide font configuration GUI : Should support font grouping , per font rendering options , etc. Closely related to font dialog .
Fontmatrix may be a good start .
Font websites : Integrate the next version of OpenFontLibrary being currently worked on with PackageKit and distros for a unified font discovery and installation .
Font viewers : Design a better font viewer .
Fontmatrix is , again , a good start , but may make sense to unify this with the Character Map application .
Application font support in Pango , then use that feature in librsvg , Inkscape , poppler , swfdec , etc .
There are also issues that do not directly affect text rendering in the context discussed so far , but are closely relevant and require some of the same expertise to address :
Evince / PDF accessibility support
PDF text extraction improvements : cairo , pango , poppler
Poppler cairo backend improvements ( user fonts , etc )
Functional Ghostscript cairo backend
Revision History
2012 -12 -18 : Add note re Windows font fallback , brought up by Pekka Pihlajasaari .
2010 - 10 - 18 : Add note about Emacs to Terminal Emulators section .
Mention fontik .
2009 -07-05 : First public version as presented at the Gran Canaria Desktop Summit .
A father was arrested on suspicion of molesting his two daughters , and two of the family 's pastors were arrested on suspicion of failing to report the accusations to authorities , according to the Phoenix Police Department .
The father was booked in connection with one count of sexual abuse , two counts of child molestation , and eleven counts of sexual conduct with a minor on July 9 , Phoenix police spokesman Detective James Holmes said in a written statement .
The Arizona Republic is not releasing the father 's name to protect the identities of the victims .
The man was arrested after his then 16 - year - old daughter told a neighbor that she had been molested by her father for several years , Holmes said .
According to police , when the neighbor confronted the father about the accusations , he apparently admitted his involvement .
The father also told the neighbor he knew what he was doing was wrong .
Following the confrontation , Phoenix Police officers were flagged down , Holmes said .
The girl was with the neighbor when she talked to the officers , he added .
During an interview with Phoenix Police Child Crime detectives , the girl told officers of at least one instance of sexual intercourse , several instances of sexual contact over nearly a five year range , and of the molestation of her older sister by her father , Holmes said .
He added that she told officers the molestation lead to her older sister moving out when she turned 18 years old .
According to police , the father admitted to sexually abusing both his daughters when questioned and was then arrested .
The older daughter , now 19 , told her two pastors , Daniel and Laura McCluskey , about the alleged abuse in 2008 at Church On The Word on the 8000 block of West Camelback Road , but they did not report the accusations to police , according to Holmes .
Instead , the pastors met with the older daughter and the father .
During the meeting , according to police , the father said he snuck into his daughter 's room at night to touch her .
The pastors suggested the girl forgive her father , because he was repentant , Holmes added .
The pastors told the girl to restore her relationship with her father .
According to police , the father stopped sexually abusing his older daughter after meeting , but continued to sexually abuse his younger daughter .
Under Arizona Revised Statute , the pastors were arrested for their failure to report the abuse .
The Statue states the pastors had the duty to report to Child Protective Services and / or law enforcement .
The pastors were arrested on Tuesday in connection with one count each of failure to report sexual abuse , Holmes said .
Remember Star Wars and you know the influence of this exciting learning aid .
It follows the tradition of the Little Professor but is intended for youngsters above seven years instead five years .
The DataMan is preprogrammed to teach the basic four mathematic functions through different games :
• Answer checker
• Missing number
• Electro Flash
• Wipe Out
• Number Guesser
• Force Out
From the technology this DataMan from 1978 is similar to the TI - 45 calculator of the same epoche .
A similar product was later introduced with the Math Marvel game .
If you have additions to the above article please email : joerg@datamath.org .
Image de la vidéo classifiée que s'est procurée Wikileaks .
SunshinePress
Un soldat américain a été arrêté au Koweit et s'y trouve en détention depuis deux semaines : Brad Manning , analyste de 22 ans , est soupçonné d'avoir fourni au site Wikileaks , spécialisé dans la publication de documents secrets , des documents confidentiels , dont la vidéo d'une attaque remontant à 2007 dans laquelle plusieurs civils avaient trouvé la mort à Bagdad .
Wikileaks avait diffusé début avril des images enregistrées par un hélicoptère de l'armée américaine , qui avait ouvert le feu à deux reprises sur un groupe de personnes dans les faubourgs de la capitale irakienne , tuant une dizaine de civils désarmés dont deux journalistes .
DÉNONCIATION
Brad Manning aurait été dénoncé par un hacker américain connu , Lamo , à qui il aurait confié être l'auteur de la fuite , mais aussi avoir transmis 260 000 télex diplomatiques à Wikileaks .
Lamo aurait décidé de dénoncer le jeune homme par crainte que les courriers diplomatiques ne puissent être utilisés à mauvais escient , rapporte Wired .
Wikileaks a réagi ce lundi , affirmant que " si Brad Manning est bien l'auteur de la fuite , c'est sans aucun doute possible un héros national " .
Le site refuse toutefois de confirmer qui lui a transmis la vidéo de l'attaque , Wikileaks " ne collectant jamais d'informations personnelles sur ses sources " .
Le site nie par ailleurs avoir reçu les télex diplomatiques .
En mars dernier , un document du contre - espionnage américain sur la manière de lutter contre Wikileaks avait été publié par Wikileaks lui-même .
Il concluait que le site représentait une " menace potentielle " pour l'armée américaine , et préconisait de " démasquer les taupes " .
" Les sites comme Wikileaks.org utilisent la confiance comme centre de gravité , en protégeant l'anonymat des personnes qui leur fournissent les documents .
L'identification de ces taupes et le fait de dévoiler leur identité et de les poursuivre en justice pourraient détruire ce centre de gravité et décourager les personnes qui envisagent de fournir des informations à Wikileaks.org " , concluait le rapport .
Le Monde
Like the Levellers , the Tolpuddle martyrs or the Jarrow marchers , the Chartists of the 1830s and 1840s are up there among the Labour party 's most venerated secular saints .
And rightly so .
For the Chartists long ago placed democracy , reform and fairness at the front of the British labour movement 's forward march .
In case a brief recap is necessary , the People 's Charter consisted of six points : universal male suffrage , voting by secret ballot , annual parliaments , abolition of the property qualification for MPs , payment of MPs – and equal constituencies .
The point of this last demand was to secure " the same amount of representation for the same number of electors – instead of allowing small constituencies to swamp the votes of larger ones " .
Classic fairness , in other words .
It tells you something about today 's Labour party that it is no longer willing to go into the parliamentary lobbies in September to advance the equality of representation for which the Chartists campaigned .
Instead it will enter the lobbies with the opposite goals .
It aims to block a reform that would equalise parliamentary constituencies .
And it seeks to protect an unequal status quo of over - empowered smaller seats of which Labour is the main beneficiary .
It will do this , moreover , in the largely deluded belief that it is engaged in the noble work of preventing the kind of electoral gerrymander that was used to exclude catholics in Northern Ireland , or black and poor people in the United States , from the exercise of their rights .
The accusation of gerrymandering is one of the most serious any party can make .
It is tantamount to an accusation of electoral corruption .
It makes the probity of the electoral system – and thus of the laws made by those who hold power under it – a public issue .
It is a step along a road which leads to the claim that those who govern under such a system have an illegitimate mandate , and so that those who are ruled need not be bound by their laws .
To be sure , we have not reached that point yet .
Even so , an accusation of gerrymandering is not something that should be made lightly .
Yet this is the accusation – " the worst kind of gerrymandering in the world " was the astonishing phrase that Jack Straw used on the radio today – which Labour is levelling against the coalition 's plan to equalise the size of constituencies before the next general election .
Moreover , it is the smokescreen behind which Labour , in its spasm of poisonous indignation against all things Cleggite , now also plans to vote against the bill which prepares the ground for a referendum on the AV system that Labour itself endorsed in its manifesto less than three months ago .
Some of Labour 's objections to Nick Clegg 's new bill have validity .
It is true , for instance , that governments proposing change to the electoral system ought to consult opposition parties before finalising their plans , partly because such subjects deserve consensus but also to allay suspicions that the plans are partisan .
Yet this bill has been published as a mix - and - match done deal between the coalition partners , even though this is only the very start of the parliament .
It is also true that the abolition of local inquiries into objections to new boundaries undermines confidence in the impartiality of the process .
This is particularly the case with such a big process – even though such inquiries in the past have rarely changed anything , while countries like Australia and New Zealand manage perfectly well without inquiries at all .
And the coalition 's proposed exemption for up to four northern Scottish seats , three of which are held by the Liberal Democrats , is special pleading ; if all constituencies are equal , none should be more equal than others .
The objection that a more comprehensive electoral register should be in place before the constituency equalisation process begins also has weight .
Yet Labour 's anxieties would ring truer if they had done more about the process during the last 13 years .
One reason they did so little is that all parties suffer from low registration , not Labour alone .
Inaccuracy of registers is also a fact of life , and the UK 's estimated 92 % accuracy is by no means the worst .
Even though Labour 's objections are mostly delaying tactics , not objections of principle , it clearly makes sense to take six months to reform the register first .
Yes , the reforms are being forced .
But this does not add up to gerrymandering , let alone the worst kind in the world .
A process whose statutory governing principle is equality of electorates , conducted by independent boundary commissioners , is at heart a just and proper process , not political skulduggery .
Clegg has been too prescriptive and peremptory in some respects , but in the end his is still a legitimate objective , and a full parliament ought to provide sufficient time to see it through .
Be clear , therefore , that Labour is not trying to protect fairness from those who would destroy it but to perpetuate an unfairness from which Labour itself benefits .
Inequality of constituencies is not the only source of bias in the electoral system – but it is certainly one of them .
For the past five parliaments it has been biased towards Labour .
No amount of red herrings about the danger of reducing the number of MPs , or the inappropriateness of including more than one major change in the same bill , should be permitted to distract from the essential propriety of correcting that bias .
To claim this bill should be opposed because it is partisan is not just opportunism , it is an Orwellian inversion of the truth .
The principled stance would be to give the reform bill its second reading .
Both of its main pillars – equalising seats and paving the way for the AV referendum – are progressive reforms .
If Labour wants to make alliances with rightwing Tories to unpick the bill during the committee stage it can then try to do so , though it would not be right .
This week 's decision to oppose the bill on second reading , however , defines Labour both as a party that is a defender of unequal constituencies and one whose commitment to AV reform has quickly become conditional .
It raises the question of whether Labour will now , in fact , campaign for a yes vote on AV at all .
When Labour looks at this bill it sees Clegg – whom it now hates – not electoral reform , which it should and until a few weeks ago did support .
Nearly two centuries after the Chartists , one is bound to ask whether the Labour party is any longer a party of reform at all .
In the past several months , powerful storms have wreaked havoc in many places , torrential rains in central Europe and parts of China , tornadoes in Australia , Montana and the American Midwest , and strong thunderstorms across the northeast .
Now , as Tropical Storm Bonnie makes landfall in Florida and heads into the Gulf of Mexico , oil cleanup is being suspended , and the final " kill " operation is delayed for at least one more week .
These storms have been destructive and deadly , but beautiful and awe - inspiring at the same time .
Collected here are a handful of photographs of stormy skies , lightning strikes and storm damage from the past several months .
( 37 photos total
Or do you think you will enter Heaven without experiencing the trials of those who were before you .
They experienced misery , hard times , and they were so shaken that even their messenger and the believers with him cried , " When will God 's help arrive ? "
Truly , God 's help is near .
Do you think you will be admitted into Paradise without being tested like those before you ?
They were afflicted with suffering and adversity and were so ˹violently ˺ shaken that ˹even˺ the Messenger and the believers with him cried out , “ When will Allah ’s help come ? ” Indeed , Allah ’s help is ˹always˺ near .
[ But ] do you think that you could enter paradise without having suffered like those [ believers ] who passed away before you ?
Misfortune and hardship befell them , and so shaken were they that the apostle , and the believers with him , would exclaim , " When will God 's succour come ? "
Oh , verily , God 's succour is [ always ] near
Listen :
Or ( do ) you think that you will enter Paradise while not ( has ) come to you like ( came to ) those who passed away from before you ?
Touched them [ the ] adversity and [ the ] hardship , and they were shaken until said the Messenger and those who believed with him , " When [ will ] ( the ) help ( of ) Allah ( come ) Unquestionably , [ Indeed ] help ( of ) Allah ( is ) near .
Generally Accepted Translations of the Meaning
Muhammad Asad [ But ] do you think that you could enter paradise without having suffered like those [ believers ] who passed away before you ?
Misfortune and hardship befell them , and so shaken were they that the apostle , and the believers with him , would exclaim , " When will God 's succour come ? "
Oh , verily , God 's succour is [ always ] near
M. M. Pickthall
Or think ye that ye will enter paradise while yet there hath not come unto you the like of ( that which came to ) those who passed away before you ?
Affliction and adversity befell them , they were shaken as with earthquake , till the messenger ( of Allah ) and those who believed along with him said :
When cometh Allah 's help ?
Now surely Allah 's help is nigh
Yusuf Ali ( Saudi Rev. 1985 )
Or do ye think that ye shall enter the Garden ( of bliss ) without such ( trials ) as came to those who passed away before you ?
they encountered suffering and adversity , and were so shaken in spirit that even the Messenger and those of faith who were with him cried : " When ( will come ) the help of Allah ? "
Ah !
Verily , the help of Allah is ( always ) near
The Clear Quran , Dr. Mustafa Khattab
Do you think you will be admitted into Paradise without being tested like those before you ?
They were afflicted with suffering and adversity and were so ˹violently ˺ shaken that ˹even˺ the Messenger and the believers with him cried out , “ When will Allah ’s help come ? ” Indeed , Allah ’s help is ˹always˺ near .
Safi Kaskas
Or do you think you will enter Heaven without experiencing the trials of those who were before you .
They experienced misery , hard times , and they were so shaken that even their messenger and the believers with him cried , " When will God 's help arrive ? "
Truly , God 's help is near .
Wahiduddin Khan
Do you think that you will enter Paradise without having suffered like those who passed away before you ?
Affliction and hardship befell them and so shaken were they that the Messenger and the believers with him would exclaim , When will God 's help come ?
Surely the help of God is near
Shakir
Or do you think that you would enter the garden while yet the state of those who have passed away before you has not come upon you ; distress and affliction befell them and they were shaken violently , so that the Messenger and those who believed with him said :
When will the help of Allah come ?
Now surely the help of Allah is nigh
Dr. Laleh Bakhtiar
Or assumed you that you would enter the Garden while approaches you not the likeness of those who passed away before you ?
Desolation and tribulation afflicted them .
And they are so convulsed that even the Messenger says , and those who believed with him :
When will there be help from God ?
No doubt , truly , the help of God is Near .
T.B. Irving
Or did you reckon you will enter the Garden when the same thing never happened to you such as [ happened ] to those who have passed away before you ?
Suffering and hardship assailed them , and they were battered about until the Messenger and those who believed along with him said : " When is God´s support [ due ] ?
Is not God´s support near ? "
Abdul Hye
Or do you think that you will enter Paradise while trials have not yet come to you like those who passed away before you ?
Adversity and affliction befall them and were so shaken that even the Messenger and those who believed with the Messenger said : " When will help of Allah come ? "
( They were told ) Yes !
Certainly , the help of Allah is near !
The Study Quran
Or did you suppose that you would enter the Garden without there having come to you the like of that which came to those who passed away before you ?
Misfortune and hardship befell them , and they were so shaken that the Messenger and those who believed with him said , “ When will God ’s Help come ? ”
Yea , surely God ’s Help is near
Dr. Kamal Omar
Have you assessed that you can enter Paradise but the conditions ( of trial ) have not yet touched you — what went with the people before you .
Suffering and adversity afflicted them and they were completely shaken , until the Messenger and the people who Believed with him come to say : “ At what stage ( comes ) the help from Allah ? ” Behold !
Certainly , the help from Allah is very near
Farook Malik
Do you think that you will enter Paradise without any trials while you have known the examples of those who passed away before you ?
They were afflicted with suffering and adversity and were so violently shaken up that even the Messenger and the believers with him cried out : " When will Allah ’s help come ? "
Then they were comforted with the words , Be aware !
Allah ’s help is ever close
Talal A. Itani ( new translation )
Or do you expect to enter Paradise before the example of those who came before you had reached you ?
Adversity and hardship had afflicted them , and they were so shaken up , that the Messenger and those who believed with him said , ' When is God 's victory ? '
Indeed ,
God 's victory is near
Muhammad Mahmoud Ghali Or ( even ) did you reckon that you should enter the Garden , while as yet there had not come up to you the like of ( the ones ) who passed away even before you ?
Misery and tribulation touched them , and ( they ) were shaken until the Messenger and the ones who believed with him said , " When does victory from Allah ( come ) ? "
Verily , victory from Allah is surely near
Muhammad Sarwar
Would you think that you could go to Paradise without experiencing the kind of suffering others have experienced before you ?
Distress and afflictions battered them until the Messenger and the believers said , " When will God send help ? "
Certainly God 's help is near
Muhammad Taqi Usmani
Do you think that you will enter Paradise while you have not yet been visited by ( difficult ) circumstances like those that were faced by the people who passed away before you ?
They were afflicted by hardship and suffering , and were so shaken down that the prophet , and those who believed with him , started saying : . When ( will come ) the help of Allah ?.
( Then , they were comforted by the Prophet who said to them ) ‘ Behold , the help of Allah is near .
&lsquo
Shabbir Ahmed
Do you expect to achieve Paradise here and there without being tested as the previous generations were tested ?
They had to go through hardship and adversity such that they were shaken up .
( Unity of mankind will not be easy to attain .
The differences of race , ethnicity , creed , color , lineage , wealth and nationalism would be the barriers to surmount ) .
The hardships in the way of this Benevolent Revolution have tasked the hearts and minds of Messengers and their believing companions till they said , " When will come Allah 's help ? "
But , once this Revolution gets going , Allah 's help is near
Dr. Munir Munshey
Did you think that you would enter paradise ( without a test ) ?
You have not yet faced the kind of trials that the people in the past _ ( the believers ) _ had to undergo .
They were afflicted with ( bitter ) adversity aqnd suffering .
They were shaken up so severely ( by the trial ) that the prophets and the believers who followed them , cried out , " Where is Allah´s help ? "
( They were told ) , " Yes !
The help of Allah is close by ! "
Syed Vickar Ahamed
Or do you ( people ) think that you shall enter the Garden ( Paradise ) without the many ( trials ) as ( they ) came to those who passed away before you ?
They faced suffering and grief , and were so shaken in spirit that even the Prophet ( Muhammad ) and those of faith who were with him cried : " When ( will come ) the help of Allah ? "
Oh !
Surely , the help of Allah is ( always ) near
Umm Muhammad ( Sahih International )
Or do you think that you will enter Paradise while such [ trial ] has not yet come to you as came to those who passed on before you ?
They were touched by poverty and hardship and were shaken until [ even their ] messenger and those who believed with him said , " When is the help of Allah ? "
Unquestionably , the help of Allah is near
[ The Monotheist Group ] ( 2011 Edition )
Or did you expect that you would enter Paradise , while the example of those who were before you came to you ; they were stricken with adversity and hardship , and they were shaken until the messenger and those who believed with him said : " When is God 's victory "
Yes indeed , God 's victory is near
Abdel Haleem
Do you suppose that you will enter the Garden without first having suffered like those before you ?
They were afflicted by misfortune and hardship , and they were so shaken that even [ their ] messenger and the believers with him cried , ‘ When will God ’s help arrive ? ’
Truly ,
God ’s help is near
Abdul Majid Daryabadi
Deem ye that ye will enter the Garden while ye hath not come upon you the like of that which came upon those who have passed away before you There touched them adversity and distress , and shaken were they , until the apostle and those who believed with him said ; when cometh the succour of Allah !
Lo ! verily
Allah 's succour is nigh
Ahmed Ali
Do you think you will find your way to Paradise even though you have not known what the others before you have gone through ?
They had suffered affliction and loss , and were shaken and tossed about so that even the Apostle had to cry out with his followers : " When will the help of God arrive ? "
Remember , the help of God is ever at hand
Aisha Bewley
Or did you suppose that you would enter the Garden without facing the same as those who came before you ?
Poverty and illness afflicted them and they were shaken to the point that the Messenger and those who had iman with him said , ´ When is Allah´s help coming ? ´
Be assured that Allah´s help is very near .
Ali Ünal ( Given the history of humankind in this world , ) do you think that you will enter Paradise while there has not yet come upon you the like of what came upon those who passed away before you ?
They were visited by such adversities and hardships , and were so shaken as by earthquake that the Messenger and those who believed in his company nearly cried out : " When comes God ’s help ? "
Beware !
the help of God is surely near
Ali Quli Qara'i
Do you suppose that you shall enter paradise though there has not yet come to you the like of [ what befell ] those who went before you ?
Stress and distress befell them and they were convulsed until the apostle and the faithful who were with him said , ‘ When will Allah ’s help [ come ] ? ’
Look !
Allah ’s help is indeed near
Hamid S. Aziz
Did you count on entering Paradise , while there had nothing come to you like that which came to those who passed away before you ; they encountered affliction and adversity , and they were made to quake , until the Messenger and those who believed with him said , " When ( comes ) Allah´s help ?
Surely , Allah´s help is nigh ?
Ali Bakhtiari Nejad
Did you think that you enter paradise while ( tests ) has not come to you like ( it came ) to those who passed away before you ?
Hardship and suffering happened to them , and they were so shaken that even the messenger and those who believed with him said : when is God ’s help ?
Know that God ’s help is near
A.L. Bilal Muhammad et al ( 2018 )
Or do you think that you will enter paradise without such things coming to you as came to those who passed away before you ?
They encountered suffering and adversity , and were so shaken in spirit , that even the messenger and those of faith who were with him cried , “ When will come the help of God . ”
Indeed the help of God is near
Musharraf Hussain
Did you think of going to Paradise without experiencing the difficulties of those who came before you ?
They were struck by misfortune and hardships , and were subjected to Earthquakes , even the messenger of that timeand those who believed him cried out : “ When will Allah ’s help come ? ” Beware , the help of Allah is near .
Maududi
Do you think that you will enter Paradise without undergoing such trials as were experienced by the believers before you ?
They met with adversity and affliction and were so shaken by trials that the Prophet of the time and his followers cried out : " When will Allah´s help come " ?
( Then they were comforted with the good tidings ) : " Yes , Allah´s help is near . "
[ The Monotheist Group ] ( 2013 Edition )
Or did you expect that you would enter the Paradise , while the example of those who were before you came to you ; they were stricken with adversity and hardship , and they were shaken until the messenger and those who believed with him said : " When is the victory of God ? "
Yes indeed , the victory of God is near .
By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Calcutta
Mahadeb Mullick says he is " trained " to execute Ask Mahadeb Mullick , a squat , forty - something man whether he is ready to execute Mohammed Ajmal Amir Qasab , the Mumbai ( Bombay ) attacker on death row , and he winces .
" I know the job , " he says .
" But I have my demands . "
Qasab , a 22 - year - old Pakistani citizen , was given the death sentence recently , and the media is abuzz with reports that the government is struggling to locate a hangman .
Hangmen have become scarce in India as the need for them dwindles - there have been only two hangings in the last 15 years ; and the majority of the more than 300 convicts on death row can expect their sentences to be commuted to life .
Reports suggest that there are only one or two hangmen available in India - and Mahadeb Mullick could be one of the more qualified .
The reason : he belongs to the country 's first family of executioners .
I am sitting in a single - storey concrete shack that is the Mullick home on a sliver of a road in a crammed neighbourhood in Calcutta .
The place is teeming with noisy children and busy , brisk women going about their chores .
In the midst of this domestic chaos , Mahadeb Mullick is mulling over my question : to hang or not to hang Qasab if there is a request from the authorities .
His credentials for this grisly job are impeccable .
Family ' tradition ' Nata Mullick , his father , died last year after a long " career " during which he executed 25 people .
His grandfather , Shib Lal Mullick , the family says , carried out some 600 hangings , mostly in British - ruled India .
There is no way to verify this claim .
A framed picture on the wall of the stout and neat looking man , who lived between 1889 and 1971 , describes him as " India 's only hangman [ who ] lives on the edge " .
It is a curious eulogy for a long dead man .
His great - grandfather , according to letters available with a family , was also a hangman .
Mahadeb Mullick says " hanging is in the family 's blood " and he is ready to carry out his first execution .
Nata Mullick carried out 25 hangings
But Mr Mullick , who holds a day job as a municipal worker , is carrying a grouse against the authorities for treating his father unfairly .
Nata Mullick became a star after he carried out India 's last hanging in 2004 - a security guard who had murdered and raped a school girl .
The government paid him 10,000 rupees ( $ 213 ) for the job .
News networks lapped up the story with unconcealed glee .
Reporters descended on the Mullick home , many carrying ropes and towels , asking him to demonstrate his job for the cameras .
As Mr Mullick demonstrated how to tie a " good noose " around a neck for the cameras , half a dozen children around Bengal imitated his moves and accidentally strangled friends and relatives .
An undeterred Mr Mullick blamed it on the media , while simultaneously revelling in his new found celebrity .
He inaugurated blood donation camps , functions and even acted in a few jatras , or rural theatre , which are immensely popular entertainment in Bengal 's villages .
But he was also castigated by a senior ruling Communist leader for being feted .
The powerful leader was quoted in the local press exhorting people to stop lionising the hangman .
Mahadeb Mallick has not forgotten the slight .
" Hangmen are used and discarded .
They are stigmatised .
Authorities will have to apologise for the things they said against my father , " he says .
" After my father carried out his last hanging , none of the authorities came to our house to find out how we were living .
Nobody cares . "
Authorities say this is not entirely true - they say that they gave a 10,000 rupees - a- month job to Nata Mullick 's nephew Prabhat Mullick as a " sweeper-cum -hangman . "
' Trained to hang '
When I meet Prabhat , he tells me that he cannot carry out an execution because he was never " trained to hang " .
Mahadeb Mullick says oil and soap is use to make the noose slippery " I went along with my uncle [ Nata Mullick ] when he carried out his last hanging .
I could not keep my eyes open when the moment arrived , " he says .
With an unwilling and " untrained " executioner in the family the onus has now fallen of Mahadeb Mullick to carry out executions .
At least , Mahadeb says , he is trained .
How does a hangman get trained ?
I ask him .
" Oh , you just accompany a hangman and watch a few executions , steel yourself , and carry out a few mock hangings , " he says .
So when Nata Mullick hanged the security guard in 2004 , he had a retinue of seven assistants , including Mahadeb , with him .
Mahadeb says he carried out half a dozen " dummy hangings " with a 75 kg sandbag figure .
He says he also learnt to make the specially made rope slippery using soap , oil and mashed bananas , how to tie the noose properly , how to put the mask on the convict properly and the right time to open the gallows trapdoor .
He also accompanied Nata Mullick during the hanging of two men in 1991 .
" It is not an easy job , hanging people .
You need a lot of courage .
You kill with a plan , with a clear head and no tension .
And you cannot afford to fail , " Mahadeb Mullick says .
To top it , the hangman has sometimes to face the ire of the convict at the gallows .
" One of the men we hung in 1991 abused us before we tied the noose around his neck .
He said he would haunt us and destroy my family , " Mahadeb Mallick says .
" But we have to keep our cool and beg forgiveness .
We have to tell them , ' Please forgive us .
I am doing this on the government 's orders ' . "
So if the authorities call on him to carry out Qasab 's execution , Mahadeb says he will " possibly do it " after some negotiations over pay and a regular allowance .
" But if you ask me , I think Qasab should be taken to a zoo and fed to the lions and tigers in front of the TV cameras .
Hanging him is too little a punishment . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image caption YouTube footage showed police breaking up the gathering with dogs
Three people are being questioned a water fight involving some 1,500 people that closed London 's Oxford Street .
The water fight began in Hyde Park at about 1300 BST on Friday and was still raging eight hours later .
Police closed the central London shopping street to traffic after the incident spilled over .
It finally petered out at about 2100 BST .
One male is being questioned on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and two for public order offences .
One person needed hospital treatment for a facial injury sustained at the event , which is thought to have been organised on a social networking site .
One posting advertising the event said : " As soon as the clock strikes 1 pm , let battle commence - get as many other people wet without getting wet yourself !
Last one with a dry T - shirt wins !!! "
A police spokesman said most of the people who took part in the water fight - held on one of the hottest days of the year so far - were well - behaved .
However , Scotland Yard issued a Section 60 order allowing officers to search revellers in the area .
Today , the KOffice team presents a contest to create great KPresenter slide templates , offering t- shirts for the winners and of course inclusion in the next KPresenter releases for all good submissions .
Read on for information on the contest !
KPresenter is making great progress on the way to KOffice 2.3 .
Among other things , there will be hardware accelerated slide transitions -- and Google Summer of Code student Benjamin is now working on shape animations .
Jean - Nicolas is working on a slide sorter , and Thorsten has implemented a feature that imports multiple pictures to multiple slides in one go .
But we are still lacking good templates for creating new presentations .
That is where we need your help and that is why we are happy to announce the KPresenter template contest .
Create new templates for cool presentations , be it KDE themed , Free Software themed , business themed or school project themed -- or whatever tickles your fancy , and your work could be part of the next release of KPresenter .
So sharpen your digital pens and get started !
The rules for submission :
The template needs to be in ODP or OTP format
The template should have a descriptive name
The template needs to be BSD licensed
Final submissions must be send to [ email protected ] no later than midnight ( UTC ) on 15 September 2010
So let 's be creative and create templates for KPresenter .
You can create your template in KPresenter any other application that can create ODP -- like OpenOffice Impress .
If you need help transforming your design into an ODP file , Thorsten ( zachmann at kde dot org ) will be glad to help you with that !
The top 3 entries will receive a hip KOffice t- shirt designed by KDE artist Eugene Trounev .
However , all reasonably good submissions will be made part of the upcoming 2.3 release of KPresenter , which will see the light of day in October of this year .
Your work will reach millions of desktop and mobile phone users !
And all entries will be collected at kde- files.org .
The jury consists of the following members :
Aaron Seigo ( Plasma maintainer and well - known KDE developer )
Eugene Trounev ( KDE artist )
Thorsten Zachmann ( KPresenter maintainer )
Thanks to KDE e.V. for sponsoring the t- shirts .
Pyongyang , as you may have heard , is quite proud of its military image and maintains a standing army of more than a million soldiers , whereas South Korea has a force of just 655,000 .
As such , South Korea plans to bring more robots into its arsenal in coming years , including robots armed with sophisticated sensors and weapons that could bolster its numbers on the battlefield .
You can't accuse BMW motorcycles of lacking gadgets - with the latest and greatest Beemers packing quickshifters , traction control , integrated ABS and all sorts of other goodies , they 're right at the pointy end of the pack .
But as great as those features are , this one 's so forehead - slappingly obvious and excellent that frankly it's a disgrace that nobody else has beaten the Bavarians to it .
The ( optional ) Adaptive Headlight technology on the upcoming K1600GT finally solves one of the most annoying problems on pretty much every motorcycle - by tilting the headlight according to your lean angle , to light your way around a corner as you turn it , instead of having to ride into blackness .
Bravo !
The problem is simple enough - to run a road - legal headlight , you have to cut off the top half of the beam using a suitable reflector so you do n't blind oncoming drivers , giving you a flat lighting horizon when you 're vertical .
But when you dip into a corner and lean the bike over , that lit - up area tilts with you , and if you 're turning left , the left side tilts downward until you 're basically unable to see through the corner , like so :
It 's not just annoying , it 's a real safety factor if you do a lot of night miles .
So BMW deserves unreserved praise for coming up with its Adaptive Headlight system , that senses your lean angle and uses a tilting reflector to aim the beam the way you 're leaning .
Hence :
Check it out in this promo video :
[ youtube:iz1pDehH5-g&hl=en_US&fs=1 ]
The K1600GT headlight also adjusts its pitch , allowing it to run a full HID Xenon beam without blinding oncoming motorists .
So there 's every reason to believe this will be the best stock headlight on the market , by far .
Hopefully , the day is not far away when ALL stock bikes will have a smart system like this .
It sure beats my solution - retina - frying PIAA driving lights mounted beside the headlights and pointed upwards and outwards .
Great for my visibility , but lord help any oncoming traffic - or any roadside wildlife that 's not wearing SPF 30 + sunscreen .
More details to follow shortly on the new 6 - cylinder K1600 touring series , stay tuned !
Während Bitcoin in den vergangenen drei Jahren vielen Turbulenzen ausgesetzt war , hat sich die Wahrnehmung der primären Krypto - Währung in der Bevölkerung deutlich verbessert , wie eine [… ]
Engineers had to check the helicopter following the incident
Two youths have been arrested and bailed following a disturbance which happened after a Kent Air Ambulance helicopter responded to a 999 call .
Police were called after the aircraft landed in a field near The Vine Cricket Ground , Sevenoaks , on Sunday afternoon .
Officers said two people had been seen hanging off the helicopter 's tail fin and swinging on the pilot 's door .
When the pilot asked them to stop they became verbally aggressive and one grabbed the pilot around his throat .
Kent Police said a 19 - year - old man was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and public order offences , while a 17 - year - old boy was arrested on suspicion of common assault and public order offences .
Aircraft inspected
Both were given bail pending further inquiries .
The Kent Air Ambulance Service said the incident prevented the helicopter from being used to transport an injured baby , who had to be taken to hospital by road accompanied by the air ambulance 's crew .
The aircraft was unable to return to service until it was given a full inspection by an engineer , which was completed on Monday morning .
John Tickner , chief executive , said : " I find it incredible that anybody would want to attack a charity air ambulance and its crew , whose sole purpose is to help seriously injured people in their time of need .
" It is completely unacceptable that any of our staff are subjected to an assault and we will always fully support the police in any further action . "
CAPE TOWN — Not so long ago , the World Cup was soccer 's clash of civilizations : the Italians played deadbolt defense , the English always hoofed the ball upfield and the Dutch could safely be relied upon to run rings around everyone else .
But if there 's any lesson to be gleaned from the eight teams that remain in the 2010 World Cup , it 's that the world 's game is getting homogeneous .
For ...
If I asked you to tell me how much you spend eating out or buying gas each month , could you tell me ?
What about your household ’s true cost of living ?
This is the most basic reason you need a budget :
To be able to plan and track where your money goes !
Most people who I speak to about their finances have no clue how much they spend on a monthly basis .
All they know is that by the end of the month , their bank accounts are nearly empty and they are waiting for their next paycheck .
Even if you do n’t find yourself scraping together pennies at the end of the month , you still need to have a budget in place .
In order to take control of your finances you need to come up with a plan .
This means assigning a job to every dollar that you receive before you ever receive it .
How ?
You need to create and update a budget in order to plan and keep track of your spending .
This goes both ways – if you do n’t keep track of your spending , then creating a budget is pointless .
You have to periodically evaluate your spending to ensure that you are staying on track .
Why You Need A Budget
You Need A Budget To Accomplish A Financial Goal
It will be nearly impossible to accomplish a financial goal without a budget – of course it can be done , but with a lot more hassle and waste .
With a budget , you can allocate a specific amount toward your goal – whether it be savings or debt repayment – and ensure that it is reasonable .
It will also be easier to accelerate your plan by reducing spending in one or more areas and funneling that money into your “ main goal ” .
If you look at our 52 - week savings challenge results , you ’ll see an example of how budgeting can help you reach a financial goal .
You Need A Budget To Help Handle “ Shocks ” To Your Finances
If you find out today that your job will be cutting your salary , or implementing furloughs ( mandatory , unpaid days off ) , how would you handle it ?
Would you be able to make the necessary adjustments ?
If you keep track of your spending ( which will be necessary to follow a budget ) , it will be easy for you to make these adjustments .
You will be able to look at every area of spending and determine where you need to cut back – or even if it ’s worth it to try to increase your income .
Learn how to set up a financial contingency plan ( and no , it ’s not as simple as having an emergency fund ) !
You Need A Budget To Identify Areas Of Waste
Most people who make small daily purchases ( like coffee , breakfast , or lunch ) , are shocked to see how much they ’re really spending in these areas .
It ’s easy to spend $ 5 on a cup of coffee and a bagel in the morning , $ 3 on a candy bar and soda from the vending machine , and then spend $ 6 - $ 10 on lunch without even thinking about it .
However , if you have established a budget , it will become increasingly difficult for these expenses to escape your attention .
The first month after you set up your budget will probably be a big eye - opener for you ( it definitely was for me ) .
Remember that coffee , candy and lunch from above ?
You would probably budget about $ 50 or $ 75 to that category .
However , 22 days ( the typical amount of work days in a month ) of that type of spending will cost you nearly $ 400 every month !
Committing to ( and adjusting when necessary ) a budget will help you to evaluate this type of spending and decide if you should divert money from another category , or change your habits !
You Need A Budget To Ensure That Any Surplus Is Not Spent On Frivolous Items
Similar to looking for areas of waste , this will call for you to identify areas where you can reduce or eliminate spending .
Once you allocate your income across living expenses , giving , debt repayment and savings , you may find that you have money left over ( a problem that we all would love to have ) .
Instead of this money just being absorbed into your spending ( something that usually happens without a budget ) , you will be able to give this surplus a new assignment .
This , of course , depends on your exact situation and level of risk aversion .
You may choose to give more , accelerate your debt repayment , increase your savings , or master your investment strategy .
The point is that having a budget will easily allow you to identify these opportunities .
You Need A Budget To Help Develop Discipline In Multiple Areas
This is accomplished in a few ways .
First , you are forcing yourself to tightly control your spending , which will call for discipline – especially if this is the first time you have done this .
Secondly , by constantly monitoring your finances and having to make small adjustments , you are more aware of every financial decision you make .
By holding yourself accountable for every dollar that you spend , you will tend to evaluate your free time in the same manner .
For instance , you will begin to consider the value of your time in terms of money and lost opportunity , which may cause you to re-evaluate your decisions .
These are just some of the reasons why you need to develop a budget .
Over the next few days , we will look a few painless steps you can take to create a budget , and also to change your thinking about money !
Read The Rest Of The Series
Reader Questions
What are some of the benefits that you see in having a budget ?
How often to you review your spending to ensure that you are within your budget ?
Have you ever discovered that your budget was unrealistic ?
I look forward to your comments .
David Grossman writes a heartfelt , nuanced cri de coeur :
How insecure , confused and panicky a country must be , to act as Israel acted !
With a combination of excessive military force , and a fatal failure to anticipate the intensity of the reaction of those aboard the ship , it killed and wounded civilians , and did so  as if it were a band of pirates  outside its territorial waters .
This assessment does not imply agreement with the motives , overt or hidden , and often malicious , of some participants in the Gaza flotilla .
Not all its people are peace - loving humanitarians , and the declarations of some of them regarding the destruction of the state of Israel are criminal .
But these facts are simply not relevant at the moment : such opinions do not deserve the death penalty .
Israel 's actions are but the natural continuation of the shameful , ongoing closure of Gaza , which in turn is the perpetuation of the heavy - handed and condescending approach of the Israeli government , which is prepared to embitter the lives of a million and a half innocent people in the Gaza Strip , in order to obtain the release of one imprisoned soldier , precious and beloved though he may be ; and this closure is the all - too - natural consequence of a clumsy and calcified policy , which again and again resorts by default to the use of massive and exaggerated force , at every decisive juncture , where wisdom and sensitivity and creative thinking are called for instead .
And somehow , all these calamities  including Monday 's deadly events  seem to be part of a larger corruptive process afflicting Israel .
One has the sense that a sullied and bloated political system , fearfully aware of the steaming mess produced over the years by its own actions and malfunctions , and despairing of the possibility to undo the endless tangle it has wrought , becomes ever more inflexible in the face of pressing and complicated challenges , losing in the process the qualities that once typified Israel and its leadership  freshness , originality , creativity .
UK Hairdresser Fined For Playing Music Even Though He Tried To Be Legal
from the the - system - is - designed - to - trip - you - up dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We 've pointed out many times just how ridiculously complex various licensing collection agencies are in the music space , especially when multiple collection societies cover the same music .
The whole system seems designed to make it nearly impossible for anyone to actually play music legally .
Take , for example , this situation in the UK , pointed out by reader mike allen , involving a hairdresser who had paid for a license from PRS For Music just to be allowed to turn on a radio in his shop ... only to discover that he failed to pay the other UK collection society , PPL ( home of the infamous CEO who insists that " for free " is a bogus concept ) .
So even though this guy thought he was legit , he still ended up with a fine for £ 1,569 .
In his defense , he claimed that he'd never even heard of PPL , and since he had a PRS license , he assumed ( quite reasonably ) that he was in the clear .
Now , I 'm sure that defenders of the system will quickly step up and say that it was his responsibility to find out what music licensing groups you have to hand over a tithe to each year , but all this guy wants to do is .
For most people , it 's just common sense that you should n't have to pay a fee just to turn on a radio in your barber shop .
And then , once you 're informed that this totally nonsensical situation is , in fact , true , it seems quite reasonable to then assume that one license will let you turn on the radio .
Finding out that you need two ( or more ) separate licenses just to turn on the radio ( even though the radio already pays its fees and the music acts a promotion ) just seems ridiculous for everyone who is n't a recording industry exec or a long term copyright lawyer .
Copyright is not supposed to work this way .
Filed Under : collection societies , copyright , fines , licenses , uk
Companies : ppl , prs
BP boss building £ 1.3 m Spanish villa to " escape " oil spill mess
International
ani -Devaki
By Devaki
London , July 4 ( ANI ) : Tony Hayward , the chief executive who has gifted our planet its worst man-made ecological catastrophe ever in the form of the BP oil blowout , is planning to get away from the entire mess - by building a luxurious holiday home high in Spanish hills overlooking the coast .
The 1.3 million pound villa , comprising six bedrooms - some with views of a distant beach - is being given finishing touches .
Hayward chalet , set in ten acres of land , boasts a central courtyard filled with fountains and a sunken kidney - shaped pool .
The property also houses a tennis court , basketball court and games room .
" Mr Hayward was here to oversee the last stages , " The News of the World quoted the Spanish administrator who takes care of the place , as saying .
The source added : " When he comes here he just unwinds and does not want to be bothered by anyone .
He is a private man . "
Two people from the oil industry live round the corner from Hayward 's lodge , owning villas on the same estate .
" The area 's nicknamed Oil Corner , " said Brit neighbour Marjorie Tripp , 69 , who bought her home here 17 years ago .
She added : " The place is now full of wealthy executives who want to get away from it all , but it's not the sort of place where people hang out and chat over the fence .
" You come here to escape from it all and not get bothered by anyone .
It 's strange to think I 'm living just a stone 's throw away from the man being blamed for this current world crisis . "
( ANI )
You always hear it happening to others but never see it happening to yourself .
But anyway , that 's incredible .
I mean at such a large scale you would think they would be more cautious about stealing someone 's artwork .
I would definitely put some serious effort into looking into this if I were you .
Which I 'm sure you are .
Image caption Clean - up ships now have little oil to skim , officials say
Oil from BP 's damaged Gulf of Mexico well is clearing from the sea surface faster than expected , scientists say , 100 days after the disaster began .
Jane Lubchenco , head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said much oil had been " biodegraded by naturally occurring bacteria " .
But concerns remain about the spill 's unseen effects .
The comments came after BP replaced its embattled CEO Tony Hayward with an American , Robert Dudley .
Mr Dudley described the oil spill as a terrible tragedy from which the company and the industry would learn a lot .
On Tuesday , BP reported a record $ 17bn ( £ 11 bn ) loss , having set aside $ 32bn to cover the costs of the spill .
' Aggressive efforts '
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday evening , Jane Lubchenco said : " We do know that over 600 miles of the Gulf coast shoreline have already been oiled and some remains on the surface , although the amount on the surface is less and less as our very aggressive efforts to contain it have been successful . "
The US incident commander , retired Coast Guard Adm Thad Allen , said oil skimming crews were having trouble finding oil to clean up .
" What we 're trying to figure out is where is all the oil at and what can we do about it , " he said .
" What we 're seeing are mats , patties , small concentrations , very hard to detect , but they 're out there . "
Meanwhile , a report in the Washington Post newspaper suggested the US was establishing a team of investigators to run a criminal inquiry into whether close ties between BP and federal regulators contributed to 20 April disaster .
The team , called the " BP squad , " is also looking at Transocean , which operated the rig , and Halliburton , the Houston - Texas based company that cemented the well in the hours before the rig exploded , the Post reported .
Several inquiries are already underway , including a Justice Department investigation and state criminal probes in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama .
' Static kill '
On 20 April , the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico , killing 11 workers and causing an oil spill that soon became the worst environmental disaster in US history
For three months , a massive slick has threatened the shores of Louisiana and other southern Gulf Coast states .
BP put a cap on the well on 15 July , but at least three million barrels of oil are thought to have leaked into the ocean .
Mr Dudley , who this week was named BP 's first American CEO , replacing Tony Hayward , said that by Monday the company would begin a " static kill " effort to plug up the well permanently .
" I believe there will be no more oil spilling into the gulf after the 15th of July , " Mr Dudley told US television .
Californians are already beginning to feel the benefits of the new federal health care law , a newly released progress report by Health Access reveals .
While the major provisions of the three - month old Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) wo n’t take effect until January 2014 , significant portions of the law are already kicking in and others will do so over the next several months and years , the statewide health care advocacy group reported .
New benefits include help to afford coverage and additional consumer protections against the most unscrupulous insurance company practices .
An estimated 576,500 California children with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied medical treatment or access to their parents ’ insurance based on previous health conditions .
Under public pressure , insurers have already announced they will comply with the federal prohibition officially taking effect Sept. 23 .
California seniors stand to gain more than those in other states who fall into the “ donut hole , ” the coverage gap in the Medicare Part D prescription drug plan , because they spend a record $ 381,636 out - of - pocket for prescribed medicines .
California seniors who fall into the doughnut hole started receiving a $ 250 rebate to help with the prescription drug coverage gap last week .
The association of health insurers informed Congress earlier this year that as of May they would end the practice of rescissions , where coverage is suddenly revoked based on problems in the patient ’s initial health questionnaire , even if the patient had been paying premiums for months .
Because of increased media and state regulatory oversight , the insurers ’ group moved ahead of the September date when the new more stringent federal laws are scheduled to take effect .
For the full report and more complete information on the struggle in California for implementing and improving the federal health law , go to the Health Access website .
Photo : Marilyn Bechtel
A new augmented reality application for the iPhone 3GS and Android smartphone shows nearby development proposals using data collected from councils .
He received a $ 30,000 grant from the federal government last year to create a website that showcased local council property development proposals as part of the Government 2.0 Taskforce set up by Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner .
Planningalerts.org.au was launched in December and is getting about 10,000 unique visitors and about 30,000 page views a month , Landauer said .
There are just under 1500 confirmed email alerts for those using the site to stay up to date with nearby property development proposals .
However , instead of just leaving the website after it was created for the federal government , Landauer has now extended its development to the iPhone 3GS and Android smartphones .
" It 's built using an app called Layar , which is sort of a general kind of augmented reality app , " Landauer said in a telephone interview .
" And what we then do is take the data from Planningalerts.org.au and feed it into that in the form that it wants and then it can display it in this amazing way where you can turn your phone around and can see what ’s happening , " he said .
Planningalerts.org.au has 85 Australian councils ' development proposals listed and so far includes about 28,000 individual applications .
It works by web scraping data listed on authorities ' websites and can be made somewhat automatic after knowing how data is listed on them .
" In web scraping the development applications from council websites we write a program that simulates what a person does when they navigate through the website , " Landauer said .
" The program clicks on links , fills out forms to do searches , and then when the program finds the web page with the development application it has to extract the unstructured information on the page and turn it into structured information , " he said .
This was " a very painful and error prone process " , said Landauer , because OpenAustralia had to write a special web scraper tool for every single local council website .
" Of course , if the council provided the information in a structured machine - readable format ( like XML or geoRSS ) things would be a whole lot easier , " he said .
One of the few councils that did this was Mosman Council in NSW , he said .
" We hope that more councils will follow suit , " he added .
With the site now populated with thousands of applications , and with the release of the new iPhone 3GS and Android app , Landauer said OpenAustralia was now being contacted by local councils regularly wanting to know how they could get their development applications on to Planningalerts.org.au .
" We 've focused on councils with the largest populations initially so that we get the best bang for the buck , " he said .
Landauer said there are over 650 local councils in Australia .
The site is now trying to crowdsource its efforts to gain access to the data of more authorities .
" We have a very long way to go before we have full coverage of the country , but so far we 're doing quite well as the councils we have covered are among the largest , " Landauer said .
Asked whether he thought real estate agents would like the application due to the fact that they have the job of selling homes regardless of whether nearby development proposals were occurring , Landauer said that he believed they were going to " hate it and love it " at the same time .
" It 's one of those things where I expect what will happen ... is that some of the real estate websites will pick up on the service that we provide and actually republish development applications that come from our site on their site , " he said .
A Sydney - based real estate agent who wished to remain anonymous said the new app would be " quite a useful tool , especially for buyers " .
The agent knew of properties being sold in a certain estate on the basis that any new developments would probably not impact on views .
" But it certainly has from what I 've seen , " the agent said .
" I think that it 's really horrible when agents do that , but unfortunately in the industry it does happen , " the agent said .
Last week OpenAustralia launched election leaflet monitoring website electionleaflets.org.au .
More information on the app is available at OpenAustralia blog .
Six hundred words were suggested to tackle the important question of whether it is " right and fair " to fictionalise real - life characters .
I could answer it in 15 .
Do what you like , only do it well – and do n't expect the relatives to approve .
The Anne Frank Trust 's objections to Sharon Dogar 's book Annexed – which should probably bear the subtitle Peter Van Pels ' Imaginary Diary – are good and fine , and exactly what foundations are meant to do ( though anyone familiar with the workings of PR might note that their outrage is likely to prove counterproductive ) .
Their concerns with the memory and reputation of Anne Frank are completely valid , and I can well understand and sympathise with their annoyance in regard to Dogar 's novel .
" I really do n't understand why we have to fictionalise the Anne Frank story , when young people engage with it anyway , " said a spokesperson for the foundation , and she is , of course , completely totally right .
And , at the same time , wrong .
The question of whether authors have the " right " to write about living or real people is not one that should be answered by the caretakers of historical reputation .
Fiction is a free - for - all , and as long as an author can find someone who'll publish what they write ( or these days , publish it themselves ) , there are no actual rules about who or what can be tackled , give or take a few libel laws .
Where would Shakespeare 's history plays be without the freedom to reinterpret historical figures ?
Though even the great man himself may have pulled a few punches with Henry VIII , written a mere 75 years after the king 's death ( which corresponds more or less to the gap between Anne Frank 's death and the publication of Dogar 's novel ) , and carefully edited to exclude the last four wives and the execution of Anne Boleyn .
This may have had something to do with the fact that the daughter of Henry and Anne was still on the throne , and more influential than any foundation .
More recently , Alan Bennett did it in The Uncommon Reader , in which ( the real , current ) Queen Elizabeth discovers a mobile library parked outside the kitchens of Windsor castle .
The Queen and I by Sue Townsend imagines a post - republican queen living in a council flat in the Midlands , while Townsend 's Queen Camilla posits ... well , the title gives a lot away .
Philip Roth rerouted the second world war in The Plot Against America , George Eliot brought Piero di Cosimo to life in Romola .
Susan Sontag reinvented Lady Hamilton 's affair with Lord Nelson in The Volcano Lover , and Jeanette Winterson gave Napoleon a cook in The Passion .
And let 's not forget last year 's ( and probably the decade 's ) most wonderful work of immaculately researched and exquisitely imagined fiction , Hilary Mantel 's Wolf Hall , in which Henry VIII , Thomas Cromwell and Anne Boleyn are given new and vigorous life .
All of this does n't even begin to consider the literary ( as opposed to historical ) parasites .
The zillion spin-offs of Pride and Prejudice could easily be considered a stain on the memory of Austen 's classic , and the ones I 've glanced at in bookshops have , indeed , been execrable ( though to be fair , I loved the idea , at least , of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ) .
Peter Pan has a sequel .
As does Winnie The Pooh and Gone with The Wind .
Anne of Green Gables has a prequel .
And these are just the ones I can count off the top of my head .
I doubt any will be remembered with anything like the tenacity of the originals , which in the end , is judgment enough .
I was sent Sharon Dogar 's Annexed in manuscript for a possible blurb , and though quite interested in the basic premise , I have to admit I did n't get very far with it .
Lots of people might like it .
( Lots of people liked The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas , whose author has also been quoted on the subject of tackling the Holocaust for children .
I was n't one of them . )
In the end , however , I have to quote Voltaire 's biographer and admit that although I might not like what Dogar writes , I would defend to the death her right to write it .
Ok , not quite to the death .
A Central Florida atheist organization has filed a federal lawsuit against the City of Lakeland over opening city commission meetings with prayer .
The lawsuit comes after the Atheists of Florida voiced specific outrage over the use of the name " Jesus Christ . "
An April 5 meeting became heated after a citizen got into a yelling match with the atheists , prompting commissioners to recess the meeting .
Courts have ruled invocations at meetings of government bodies are constitutional under some conditions .
Lakeland ’s policy has been ruled constitutional by the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , which stipulated that governments must make a reasonable effort to incorporate all religious faiths .
But Atheists of Florida argues the city is n't following the court 's guidelines .
" Lakeland clearly has Christian - based prayers .
They 've designated this city as a Christian city .
They 've totally excluded any other types of religious or nonreligious views , " EllenBeth Wachs , director of its Lakeland chapter told TheLedger.com .
The lawsuit contends that the Lakeland policy violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
The group also alleges that while attending commission meetings that they were made to feel uncomfortable because they did not stand during the invocation and omitted the " under God " phrase in the Pledge of Allegiance .
TheLedger.com contributed to this report .
Female Orgasms Revealed to Be Evil Plot to Take Over the World
Pajiba Dirty Talk / Dr. Pisaster
Miscellaneous | June 15 , 2010 | Comments ( 60 )
There ’s a study in the most recent issue of Archives of Sexual Behavior titled Evidence to Suggest That Copulatory Vocalizations in Women Are Not Reflexive Consequence of Orgasm that ’s been generating some attention on the internet this past week or so .
Io9.com published an article on the study , based on what seems to be a relatively shallow reading of the paper , titled Scientists try to prove that women manipulate men with noises during sex , and then nerve.com picked up the story and titled their brief summary ( which , as far as I can tell is based on even less information from the actual paper than the io9 write - up )
The female orgasm is revealed to be a man-controlling ruse .
It ’s like an internet game of telephone , with the summaries getting more sensationalized and farther from the actual study with each iteration .
The study itself is not without problems , but it ’s not quite what these reports are making it out to be either .
The original paper looked at the survey responses of 71 women to questions about when they experienced orgasm ( during self - masturbation , masturbation by a partner , oral sex , or penetration ) , when they were most vocal during sex , and their reasons for vocalizing .
The results indicated that the women surveyed were more likely to orgasm during masturbation , foreplay , or afterplay than penetrative sex , but that they were most vocal during sex , especially just before or at the same time as their partner ’s orgasm ( it is n’t entirely clear from the paper , but it seems that the study focused specifically on heterosexual women , so the partners in question are assumed to be men ) .
The researchers concluded that the timing of sex vocalizations are unrelated to the woman ’s orgasm and are instead a way to “ manipulate male behavior to their advantage . ”
That brief quote is what ’s causing a lot of the misunderstanding in the reporting of this study .
Scientists tend to use words in technical write - ups like this one in very specific ways that are n’t necessarily the same as their more colloquial meaning .
Here , manipulate just means “ to control or influence . ”
There ’s no assumption on the part of the researchers that the women are behaving in a devious manner , but since “ manipulate , ” tends to have a negative connotation in most contexts , that seems to be the way people are reading it .
Given our culture ’s lingering ( and obnoxious ) assumption that women use sex primarily to manipulate men ( in the negative - connotation way ) , it ’s understandable that this terminology causes a knee - jerk reaction from casual readers of the study , but the study ’s results and conclusions are actually pretty innocuous .
That said , this study is pretty questionable in my opinion .
First of all , 71 is a ridiculously small sample size .
Any results based on a sample this small are likely to have some pretty large errors , and it ’s impossible to draw any sort of hard conclusions from such a sample .
Second , the survey was conducted using “ opportunity sampling , ” which basically means that the researchers went around asking people they ran into whether they would take the survey .
This is a relatively easy way to get responses , but it does n’t exactly yield a statistically random sample .
Then again , few surveys about sex have a decent chance at that , given the general population ’s reticence about the topic , so it ’s tough to tell how much of an effect this method would have on the results .
More importantly , the reasons for the non-orgasm related vocalizations are n’t very well explored .
Sixty - six percent of the women surveyed reported that they used such noises to speed up their partner ’s orgasm in order to “ relieve discomfort / pain , boredom , and fatigue . ”
There ’s nothing in here that says these women are faking orgasms specifically , by the way , just that they are being loud during sex to help things along , presumably because they are n’t big enough assholes to just say , “ Are you finished yet ? ”
Nor does the paper indicate how often these women do so ( i.e. if this is something they do every time or just occasionally ) .
That ’s the sort of information needed to really analyze results like these accurately .
The researchers also found that 87 percent of the respondents used sounds to boost their partner ’s self esteem , but again , no details are given , in terms of frequency or deeper motivations .
This could be women deliberately advertising their enjoyment to their partners or it could involve women faking enjoyment to keep their partner happy - the paper does n’t distinguish between these possibilities .
Sadly , there ’s also no exploration of other possible reasons for such vocalizations , and it does n’t appear as if the initial survey asked directly about any other possible reasons ( unless an “ other ” option counts ) .
Off the top of my head I could suggest several additional potential reasons for these vocalizations - like that sex feels good even when you are n’t cumming ; that some women view sex as performance art and are vocalizing to turn on their partner in order to boost their own self esteem ; or that women are using vocalizations deliberately to signal that something feels good so their partner keeps doing whatever it is that stimulates them ( a perennial suggestion of lady mags , possibly the only useful one ) .
None of those reasons , by the way , are necessarily mutually exclusive .
Probably the truth for many women involves a complicated mixture of some or all of those things .
It seems pretty sloppy to me to neglect all these possible reasons , but it ’s possible that this study was deliberately designed to just address the very narrow question of whether women tried to influence the timing of their partners ’ orgasms .
The evidence does suggest that not only do men respond to these vocalizations , but that the timing of male ejaculation is related to vocalizations in other primates as well .
The researchers , by the way , are careful not to read too much into their results .
The discussion section of the paper , in fact , merely states that , “ at least one component of female copulatory vocalizations is not a reflexive consequence of orgasm , ” ( italics mine ) .
So yeah , men get off faster when their partners sound like they ’re enjoying sex , and women sometimes use this to influence the timing of men ’s orgasms .
That ’s not exactly a controversial claim , and while I do think the statistics of this article are suspect , I do n’t doubt that this is in fact a relatively common practice .
Similarly , the idea that women might try to signal to their partners that they are enjoying fucking them by exaggerating the sounds they make during sex is neither surprising nor particularly alarming .
In my experience ( warning !
Anecdotal evidence ahead ! ) , men do this too .
A lot of men tend to be naturally quiet in bed , but many train themselves to be more vocal for the benefit or their partners .
After all , it ’s just as disconcerting for women to not be able to tell if their partner is having fun or just going silently through the motions , so some men accommodate women ’s egos by deliberately vocalizing .
Maybe to a lesser extent than women do , but there ’s no reason to think this is something exclusive to women .
It would be interesting to see a study that investigated this question more in depth ( and with a much larger sample size ) , one that looked at other possible reasons for vocalizations of both women and men , and included those who do n’t identify as straight .
Dr. Pisaster has a doctorate in biophysics , not actually anything sexy .
She does however enjoy having sex , reading about sex , and talking about sex .
Especially when she ’s had a little whiskey .
Within the U.S. military ’s rank and file , there are growing doubts about winning in Afghanistan , a mood that contradicts upbeat war reports delivered to Congress last week by the top commander and officials .
A senior military intelligence official who has served in Afghanistan and participates in daily briefings on the war told The Washington Times there is a “ weariness ” among officers as the war nears the nine - year mark in October .
“ We are a battle - hardened force , but eight years now in Afghanistan has worn us down , ” said the officer , who asked not to be named because he holds a sensitive intelligence job .
“ Folks I work with and talk to every day just shake their heir heads in weariness . ”
The U.S. military is in what many consider the last critical phase of its longest war , as a surge of some 30,000 troops is being carried out and a battle to wrest control of southern Afghanistan from the Taliban is about to begin .
The intelligence source said commanders still have not found the key to shifting the loyalties of Pashtun tribal leaders away from the rigidly Islamic Taliban and toward the democratic government of President Hamid Karzai .
“ We ’re fighting a cultural battle we have yet to come to grips with , ” the official said .
“ We do n’t get the Pashtun mindset .
We ca n’t figure out how to work through the system of corruption . ”
The source recalled a briefing where a three - star officer expressed little optimism about a good ending of the conflict .
His remark stunned those in attendance .
The pessimism comes amid a recent increase in U.S. casualties as summer fighting between Taliban and allied forces increases .
A United Nations quarterly report made public on Saturday stated that security declined in the first four months of the year as the number of roadside bombings and other attacks rose sharply .
Since the war began in October 2001 , a total of 1,036 troops have been killed .
Anthony Cordesman , a member of a special assessment team a year ago that advised the top officer in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , wrote last week that the U.S. might leave without victory .
“ The U.S. may be forced into leaving Afghanistan , regardless of its intentions to stay , or face conditions that make any stable form of victory impossible , ” he wrote on his website at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
“ Containment from the outside may be the only choice . ”
One glaring problem , said Mr. Cordesman , is the July 2011 deadline set by President Obama to begin troop withdrawals .
While officials , including Gen. David H. Petraeus , the top regional commander , repeatedly have said the date only begins assessing how to start leaving , it has created great confusion among Afghans .
“ Many Afghan officials and officers , and allied officers and diplomats , are at best confused and at worst privately believe that we will leave , ” Mr. Cordesman said .
“ Any visitor to Afghanistan also sees efforts at every level to rush operations in time to meet November 2010 and July 2011 reporting deadlines .
The end result is that a vague de facto deadline exists . ”
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said on ABC ’s “ This Week ” on Sunday that July 2011 is “ a firm date ” for the pullback of the 30,000 additional troops sent to the country .
Stephen Biddle , who served with Mr. Cordesman on the assessment team and is returning to Afghanistan for an update , said in an interview it is too soon to judge the surge .
“ I think it ’s too early to know very much , ” said Mr. Biddle , an analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations .
“ The obvious point is , the surge is n’t even all deployed yet .
The broader point is , counterinsurgency as a form of warfare always has a darkest - before - the - dawn quality to it .
“ When you expand your area of operation and begin contesting insurgent control of populated areas , violence goes up , ” he said .
“ And it goes up whether things are going well or things are going badly . ”
The military has inserted 21,000 of the planned 30,000 additional troops in the surge , which is scheduled to be completed in August , bringing total U.S. commitment to 98,000 .
Right now in Afghanistan , Mr. Biddle said , there is a “ complex mix of indicators , some of which are getting better and some of which are not . ”
Gen . Petraeus testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee last week and urged patience .
The backdrop : The U.S. death toll is increasing , some NATO allies plan to pull out next year , more members of Congress are speaking out against the war ’s cost of more than $ 300 billion , and press reports from the field are generally negative .
The hearing room scene was somewhat similar to 2007 , when the four - star general tried to convince a politically charged Congress that included then - Sen .
Barack Obama that the Iraq surge was beginning to work .
He was right then , and is asking lawmakers a second time to stick with him .
“ The conduct of a counterinsurgency operation is a roller - coaster experience , ” he testified on Wednesday .
“ There are setbacks as well as areas of progress or successes .
It is truly an up and down , when you ’re living it , when you ’re doing it , even from afar , frankly .
But their trajectory , in my view , has generally been upward , despite the tough losses , despite the setbacks . ”
Part of the negative press stemmed from Gen. McChrystal telling reporters in Brussels on June 10 he was delaying the overall offensive around Kandahar .
The city stands as the Taliban ’s birthplace , from which it rose to power in the 1990s and formed an alliance with Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda .
Lt. Col. Tadd Sholtis , Gen. McChrystal ’s spokesman , told The Times the commander simply wants to give more time for the political process in the south to win over the populace .
“ We ’re moving at a deliberate pace toward decisive operations in the fall rather than summer because we do n’t want to rush the political process that the security effort supports , ” Col . Sholtis said .
The spokesman said right now security forces are using an “ inside - out ” approach in Kandahar , as Afghan police and NATO soldiers are trying to secure Kandahar to make Taliban bombings and ambushes more difficult to carry out .
“ Later in the summer and fall , we ’ll step up counterinsurgency operations with army and police units to secure the districts bordering the city , ” he said .
Col .
Sholtis said the surge is designed to produce decisive effects in key areas and to reverse the insurgents ’ momentum .
It also seeks to set the conditions for the transition of responsibility for security to the Afghan government , he said .
“ Regardless of when security forces are ready to conduct operations , and many are ready now , it makes little sense to launch operations now simply because we can , ” Col .
Sholtis said .
“ We have to have the governance and development pieces in place to cement those expected security gains . ”
Said Gen. McChrystal : “ Unlike conventional military operations where you circle a hill on the map and then you take the hill , when you go to protect people , the people have to want you to protect them .
And so we ’ve got to do that shaping process to get that right . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Probate &
Administration
Law
We understand that the death of a loved one often falls at unexpected times in the lives of the family and the extended family members and beneficiaries .
Meeting with an experienced probate and estate administration attorney when the family and affected extended family is in town for last respects is often the best option .
Hunters in central China have trapped a strange - looking beast dubbed the “ Oriental Yeti , ” though one of the world ’s preeminent Bigfoot experts says the animal in question is no Yeti .
Anybody whose seen the movie “ Harry and the Hendersons ” ( or episode 13 in the third season of “ 30 Rock ” ) could tell you that .
“ This is not a true yeti .
This is more media madness , ” says Loren Coleman , author of more than 30 books on mythical creatures , including “ Bigfoot !
The True Story of Apes in America ” published by Simon and Schuster .
Photos today show a four - legged , thick - tailed , hairless animal caught in Sichuan province , reports The Telegraph .
The mystery beast is now being sent to scientists in Beijing for DNA testing .
" It looks a bit like a bear but it does n't have any fur and it has a tail like a kangaroo , ” one of the Chinese hunters said .
" It also does not sound like a bear – it has a voice more like a cat and it is calling all the time – perhaps it is looking for the rest of its kind or maybe it's the last one ? ”
If it sounds like a cat , then it probably is a cat , says Mr. Coleman , who opened the International Cryptozoology Museum in November in downtown Portland , Maine .
The museum features hair samples and some 150 foot casts credited to Bigfoot , Sasquatch , and the yeti .
China ’s so - called “ Oriental Yeti ” appears to be either an Asian palm or common civet ( Paradoxurus hermaphroditus ) , or a masked or Himalayan palm civet ( Paguma larvata ) , says Coleman , who spoke by phone today with the Monitor .
The cat looks to have lost its hair because of a bad case of mange – the skin disease caused by parasitic mites .
Similar - looking animals in the American southwest have come to be called chupacabras , a hairless quadruped that is likely no more than a dog or cat with mange .
In the past 60 years cryptozology – the study of mythical or legendary animals – has grown into somewhat reputable science , with several universities now offering courses in the subject .
Coleman created one of the first , at the University of Southern Maine , where he taught in the zoology department for two decades .
“ If the Asian press starts using the word ‘ yeti ’ for every unidentified animal it ’s going to muddy the waters of cryptozoology , ” Coleman says .
“ Even though we have n’t found the yeti , we have a body of literature on the yeti going back 3,000 years , ” he adds .
The yeti of central Asia and the Sasquatch of the Pacific Northwest are an ape - like biped between 4 and 7 feet tall , and a version of it exists in many regions worldwide : China 's yeti is normally called the yeren ; in Australia , it 's the yowie ; in Malaysia , it 's the sejarang gigi ; and in Brazil , they call it the mapinguari .
Coleman says the field of cryptozoology has grown from a handful of people into tens of thousands of followers , and he alone gets hundreds of emails daily from self - proclaimed cryptozoologists .
Even chimpanzee researcher Jane Goodall says she is sure that undiscovered primates , such as the Yeti or Sasquatch , exist .
“ When I ’m asked do I believe in yeti or Bigfoot , I say ‘ no , ’ because belief is the realm of religion .
I consider that there is good evidence for the yeti , enough for us to pursue it .
But I ’m not convinced it ’s a folklore tradition or a zoological tradition .
“ I occupy the skeptical , open - minded middle , ” he continues .
“ The blind debunkers are just as dangerous as the true believers .
I ’m a skeptical , open - minded cryptozoologist . ”
china needs to install more stop lights on her streets ... enjoy !
Collider reader “ Dan ” has sent us some concept art of Chris Hemsworth as Thor .
Earlier today , we ran a story about AICN landing concept art of Chris Evans in his Captain America outfit .
While we were very circumspect about saying these images were official , it is telling that both of these images have leaked today and they have the same artistic style .
You can also see how they compare to the official shot Marvel released in April .
What ’s especially cool about these
Thor images is it ’s the first shot we ’ve seen of the Norse god wielding his hammer , Mjolner .
It ’s cool that not only does the top of the hammer glow , but you ’ll notice that the grip also emanates blue light .
It ’s also interesting to see the size of Mjolner in proportion to Thor ’s body .
Of course , it ’s not the size of the hammer , but how you use it .
How it ’s used in Thor is probably leveling buildings and fighting Norse gods .
Hit the jump to stop with the less - than - clever innuendo and check out the concept art .
Thor hits theaters on May 6 , 2011 .
For those who do n’t know , Thor is being directed by Kenneth Branagh ( Hamlet ) .
The film also stars Natalie Portman as love - interest Jane Foster , Anthony Hopkins as Thor ’s papa , Odin , and Tom Hiddleston as Loki , the film ’s villain .
The film also stars Ray Stevenson ( Punisher : War Zone ) , Tadanobu Asano ( Mongol ) , and Joshua Dallas ( The Descent : Part 2 ) as the Warriors Three ; Idris Elba ( The Wire ) as Heimdall , Stellan Skarsgard ( Angels & Demons ) as Selvig , and Jaimie Alexander ( Kyle XY ) as Sif .
Click on an image to see a larger version and sound off in the comments section about your thoughts on these images .
Lord Fowler , the outgoing chairman of the House of Lords communications committee , warned that the switchover would trigger an “ explosion of indignation ” unless listeners were convinced of the benefits and said the move would particularly hit older listeners .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " My success depends on your doing your role in a timely and energetic manner . "
Dilbert says , " People say you 're a big , fat slug , but I have confidence in you .
I 'll stick this to your slimy face and hope for the best . "
Dilbert says , " I like to think I 'm a pretty good judge of character . "
The IT department of the Pennsylvania school district accused of spying on students using their school - issued laptops took the brunt of the blame in an independent report released Monday .
Federal Judge Orders Pa. Schools to Stop Laptop Spying
According to the report , which was commissioned by the Lower Merion School District and conducted by a local law firm , the IT staff not only failed to inform school officials and administrators of the tracking capabilities of the LANrev software , but argued that telling students about the software 's ability to remotely trigger notebook Webcams would " defeat its purpose " as a way to recover lost or stolen computers .
The report also shed light on the incident that led a student and his family to sue the district , and revealed that privacy concerns had been raised by another student as early as 2008 .
Lower Merion , of Philadelphia suburb Ardmore , Pa. , was first sued by Michael and Holly Robbins , and their teenage son Blake , a high school student at Harriton High School , in mid-February after an assistant principal accused Blake of selling drugs and taking pills , and used a snapshot taken by the computer as evidence .
Robbins claimed the pictures showed him eating candy .
The Robbins ' lawsuit is ongoing .
Saying that the district 's information services department had withheld information about LANrev 's spying capabilities from the school board , administrators and students , the report noted that among themselves , the IT staff " expressed zeal for what Theft Track could do . "
According to the report , people involved with LANrev's TheftTrack feature repeatedly told of tracking a stolen teacher 's computer to a local residence , then to Pakistan , then back to Pennsylvania .
Since the Robbins ' lawsuit , Absolute Software , LANrev 's seller , has issued a patch that disables the function .
Virginia DiMedio , until June 2009 the district 's director of technology , came under fire for not telling school officials of TheftTrack and its capabilities , although she allegedly had several opportunities to do so .
DiMedio declined to be interviewed for the report unless she was compensated for the time her personal lawyer would be billed ; the district refused to reimburse her .
In August 2008 , a Harriton High student intern in the IT department raising concerns about the tracking feature with DiMedio .
" I would not find this a problem if students were informed that this was possible , for privacy 's sake .
However , what was appalling was that not only did the District not inform parents and students of this fact ... , " the student wrote in an e-mail to DiMedio .
In the same e-mail , the student proved prescient .
" I feel it would be best that students and parents are informed of this before they receive their computers .
And while this only slightly sways my opinion on 1:1 [ the district 's program to provide a MacBook to every high school student ] , i could see not informing parents and students of this fact causing a huge uproar . "
Both DiMedio and another IT staffer , Mike Perbix , dismissed the student 's concerns in reply e-mails .
" There is no way that I would approve or advocate for the monitoring of students at home , " said DiMedio .
" I suggest you take a deep breath and relax . "
" It is only used in the case where a laptop is reported as stolen of missing , " Perbix told the student .
Actually , the district activated notebook cameras remotely for other reasons , including in the case of Blake Robbins .
In October 2009 , Robbins had been issued a loaner laptop after he turned in his for repair of a broken screen ; later that same day , school personnel said that he should not have been given a loaner since he had outstanding insurance fees .
The IT department activated tracking in an attempt to locate the loaner , but left the photo - snapping feature on for more than two weeks , during which LANrev took 210 photographs and 218 screenshots .
On Oct. 26 , Perbix noted a screenshot taken of Robins ' laptop that " included an online chat that concerned him ; " he later brought it to the attention of George Frazier , the director of information services , and his boss .
In early November , several Harriton High administrators , including Lindy Matsko , an assistant principal at the school , and Steve Klein , the school 's principal , met to discuss images captured by Robbins ' computer .
" According to Ms. Matsko , Mr. Kline advised her that unless there was additional evidence that gave them a contextual basis for doing so , school officials should not discuss the images with the student or his parents because they involved off - campus activities , " the report stated .
" Ms. Matsko ultimately decided , about one week later , that it was appropriate to discuss certain seemingly troubling images with Mr. Robbins and / or his parents . "
The report also disclosed that tens of thousands of photographs had been captured by the district 's LANrev software -- the exact total is unknown because the IT department purged the program 's database last year in an attempt to boost performance -- and that in at least two instances , Webcams were activated on the wrong laptops .
" Although we found no evidence that District personnel used TheftTrack to ' spy ' on students , or that District personnel surreptitiously downloaded images from the LANrev server , our investigation leaves unresolved questions that raise serious concerns about why so many images were captured without apparent regard for privacy considerations , " the report concluded .
Last week , the federal judge overseeing the Robbins ' lawsuit issued an order that required Carol Caliero , the district 's information systems coordinator , to let the Robbins ' attorney make copies of the hard drives of her two personal computers .
The order was in response to a motion by the Robbins ' lawyer to determine whether Caliero -- along with Perbix , the only school employees allowed to switch on the cameras -- had used the software to spy on students , and had transferred images to her own machines .
Caliero and Perbix , both 12 - year veterans of the district , were put on paid administrative leave last February , shortly after the Robbins filed their lawsuit .
The report , which was released to the public late Monday by Lower Merion , can be downloaded from the district 's Web site ( download PDF ) .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Read more about privacy in Computerworld 's Privacy Knowledge Center .
This story , " Report Blames IT Staff for School Webcam ' Spying ' Mess " was originally published by Computerworld .
Rocko is a wallaby who has emmigrated to America from Australia .
He lives in O Town and tries to get through life but , of course , comes across a multitude of dilemmas and misadventures he must get through .
Other characters include Rocko's best friend , Heffer , a steer who has been raised by wolves , Filbert , an easily upset turtle , and Ed Bighead who detests Rocko and hates having him for a next door neighbor .
On this show , Rocko has such adventures as trying to adapt to a new vacuum cleaner , having Heffer move in temporarily after his parents kick him out , and going to a movie theater .
Written by Matt Yorston < george.y@ns.sympatico.ca >
USA Boxing officials said team members would be selected after a series of tournaments next year .
Money , too , is a constant concern for amateur boxers , who must pay coaches and travel expenses .
After the national tournament this week , USA Boxing will start paying the top two women in each of the three Olympic weight classes — $ 1,000 a month for the champion , and $ 500 a month for second place .
Without a sponsor or a stipend , Ms. Cruz has devised her own support system .
She works part time as a secretary , which gives her time to train .
Her father sometimes helps pay the rent on her sparse one - bedroom near Times Square .
Ms. Cruz spars at Gleason ’s Gym , which is considered a hub of women ’s boxing .
Starting before 8 a.m. seven days a week , women wrap their hands , pull on gloves and start training .
Gleason ’s opened its doors to women in the early 1980s , when Bruce Silverglade , the gym ’s owner , persuaded his partner at the time to close the gym early three days a week to allow women to train .
His partner was reluctant , but the gym needed the revenue .
“ With women , they say , ‘ Teach me the sport of boxing , ’ and you can go from zero , ” Mr. Silverglade said .
“ Every man is macho and thinks he knows how to box and how to be a fighter .
We have to break down his bad habits .
It ’s much easier to teach the women , and they ’re more hard - working . ”
Women were not allowed to compete as amateurs on the national level until 1993 , when Dallas Malloy , a 16 - year - old from Washington State , sued USA Boxing for discrimination .
The next year , six women registered to fight as amateurs in New York .
“ It was a slugfest when I started , ” said Cara Castronuova , 30 , another boxer at Gleason ’s with Olympic aspirations .
“ Nobody was interested in training women , so they did n’t get a chance to advance . ”
Would the spirit of the Declaration of Independence have been any different if it referred to Americans as " subjects " instead of " citizens ? "
Thomas Jefferson apparently thought so , and recent analysis of a rough draft of the Declaration has confirmed speculation that he considered both before settling on " citizens . "
Recent hyperspectral imaging by scientists in the Library of Congress ' Preservation Research and Testing Division performed on Jefferson ’s rough draft shows he originally wrote the phrase " our fellow subjects . "
But he apparently changed his mind and heavily scrawled over the word " subjects " was the word " citizens . "
" The correction seems to illuminate an important moment for Jefferson and for a nation on the eve of breaking from monarchical rule - a moment when he reconsidered his choice of words and articulated the recognition that the people of the fledgling United States of America were no longer subjects of any nation , but citizens of an emerging democracy , " the Library of Congress said .
Hyperspectral imaging is the process of taking digital photos of an object using distinct portions of the visible and non-visible light spectrum , revealing what previously could not be seen by the human eye , according to the Library of Congress .
The correction occurs in the portion of the declaration that deals with U.S. grievances against King George III 's incitement of " treasonable insurrections , " according to the Library of Congress .
The specific sentence is is not in the final draft , but a similar phrase stuck , and the word " citizens " is used elsewhere in the final document .
The word correction has been suspected for some time by scholars , according to the LOC .
In " The Papers of Thomas Jefferson , Volume 1 : 1760 - 1776 , " Julian P. Boyd wrote " TJ originally wrote ‘ fellow - subjects , ’ copying the term from the corresponding passage in the first page of the First Draft of the Virginia Constitution ; then , while the ink was still wet on the ‘ Rough draught ’ he expunged or erased ‘ subjects ’ and wrote ‘ citizens ’ over it . "
DEBT is as powerful a drug as alcohol and nicotine .
In boom times Western consumers used it to enhance their lifestyles , companies borrowed to expand their businesses and investors employed debt to enhance their returns .
For as long as the boom lasted , Mr Micawber 's famous injunction appeared to be wrong : when annual expenditure exceeded income , the result was happiness , not misery .
For a long time debt in the rich world has grown faster than incomes .
As our special report this week spells out , it is not just government deficits that have swelled .
In America private - sector debt alone rose from around 50 % of GDP in 1950 to nearly 300 % at its recent peak .
The origins of the boom go even further back , reflecting huge changes in social attitudes .
In the 19th century defaulting borrowers were sent to prison .
The generation that lived through the Great Depression learned to scrimp and save .
But the wider take - up of credit cards in the 1960s created a “ buy now , pay later ” society .
Default became just a lifestyle choice .
The reckless lender , rather than the imprudent debtor , was likely to get the blame .
As consumers leveraged up , so did companies .
The average bond rating fell from A in 1981 to BBB - today , just one notch above junk status .
Firms that held cash on their balance - sheets were criticised for their timidity , while bankruptcy laws , such as America 's Chapter 11 , prevented creditors from foreclosing on companies .
That forgiving regime encouraged entrepreneurs ( in Silicon Valley a bankruptcy is like a duelling scar in a Prussian officers ' mess ) but also allowed too many zombie companies to survive ( look at the airlines ) .
And no industry was more addicted to leverage than finance .
Banks ran balance - sheets with ever lower levels of equity capital ; private equity and hedge funds , which use debt aggressively , churned out billionaires .
The road to riches was simple : buy an asset with borrowed money , then sit back and watch its price rise .
All this was encouraged by the authorities .
Any time a debt crisis threatened the economy , central banks slashed interest rates .
The prospect of such rescues reduced the risk of taking on more debt .
Bubbles were created , first in equities , then in housing .
It was a monetary ratchet , in which each cycle ended with much higher debt and much lower interest rates .
The end - game was reached in 2007 - 08 when investors realised a lot of this debt would not be repaid .
As the credit crunch tightened , central banks had to cut short - term rates to 1 % or below .
And now the reckoning
Rich - world countries now face two sets of problems .
The most pressing is how to pay off their debts .
Many people who have cut back their credit - card spending and firms which have seen their credit lines slashed would be horrified to see how little the rich world 's overall burden has fallen .
Much of the debt has merely moved from the private to the public sector as governments have correctly stepped in to support banks and save the economy from falling into depression .
And in the future , even more money will have to be raised , because of governments ' lavish promises of pensions and health care for the retiring baby - boom generation .
All this debt will have to be regularly refinanced and rolled over .
Crises of confidence are likely , given that the rich world 's trend rate of growth ( and thus the ability of debtors to service their loans ) looks set to slow .
Worse , much private debt is secured against assets ; while the value of the debt is fixed , the value of the assets can fall .
This can cause a vicious circle as debtors are forced to sell assets , driving prices down .
Piling up more debt does not seem an option .
There is little appetite on behalf of borrowers or creditors .
All governments face the tricky balance of appeasing the markets without damaging growth : Britain 's new government had a go this week ( see article ) .
But living with less debt will present a second set of longer - term challenges .
The road to purgatory
A rich world with less debt would look very different .
Banks are already facing demands for higher capital ratios ( and thus safer balance - sheets ) .
Western consumers , facing higher taxes and lower benefits , will no longer have the freedom to spend ; indeed , they will want to save more as they face long retirements .
Sarah Jessica Parker and her Manolo Blahniks will be out ; Grandma Walton and her sensible apron will be in .
Houses will once again be somewhere to live , not vehicles for speculation .
Some business models , notably private equity , will find it tougher to thrive .
Life will be harder for entrepreneurs : more than half of all new firms rely on debt finance .
For policymakers , the priorities are clear .
First , they need to focus on generating growth .
America , with its relatively young , rising population , will find that comparatively easy .
Continental Europe , by contrast , runs the risk of ending up like Japan , which has spent two decades struggling to grow in the face of its debt burden and ageing population .
The best and the brightest young Europeans may emigrate to countries without such burdens ; and if the economy stagnates , those that remain may eventually decide either to default on their debts , or to cut benefits to the elderly .
Faced with those dangers , Europe needs to embrace the structural reforms necessary to make its economies as fast - growing and flexible as possible .
Second , policymakers need to begin the long task of rebalancing the world economy .
It makes sense for Western countries , like workers in their 50s , to save for retirement rather than run up their credit - card bills .
But if one lot of people saves , another must borrow .
At the moment the developing world is unwilling to run current - account deficits ; even getting China to save less is a huge task ( see article ) .
All the same , a shift is in everybody 's long - term interest — and the younger parts of the world should be the borrowers .
Weaning rich countries off their debt addiction will cause withdrawal symptoms .
Austerity does not appeal to voters , who may work off their frustrations on politicians and ( worse ) foreigners .
Mr Micawber 's phrase may be turned on its head again .
When annual income is forced to exceed annual expenditure , the result may well be misery .
An interactive chart allows you to compare how the debt burden varies across 14 countries and to examine different types of borrowing
Although ChuckTV.net is supported by third party advertising , increasing hosting costs have led to a monthly shortfall .
We understand that not everyone can afford to donate , but we sincerely appreciate any support you can provide to keep the site online .
Peter S .
Former San Jose Sharks goaltender Evgeni Nabokov has signed a six - year contract with St. Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League , according to multiple reports .
Nabokov and Marty Turco were the big names among goalies when NHL free agency began on July 1 , but there had n't been significant interest shown as teams went for less - expensive options .
The 34 - year - old Nabokov won a career - best 44 games this past season for the Sharks , who made it to the Western Conference Finals before getting swept in four straight by the eventual Stanley Cup champion Blackhawks .
For his NHL career , Nabokov has 293 wins , a 2.39 goals - against average and .912 save percentage in 563 regular - season games .
He is 40 - 38 in 80 postseason games with a 2.29 GAA and .913 save percentage , but the Sharks never made the Stanley Cup Final during his tenure despite regularly finishing at or near the top of the Western Conference standings .
On August 2nd , 1997 I had the hardest choice in my life to make , that was to survive .
Masked men wearing camouflage and carrying guns kicked my front door in at 12:40 am .
I was sitting about five feet from the front door waiting for my son to arrive home for the evening .
I heard my doorknob jiggle .
I thought it was my son trying to get his key in the door .
I made it within two feet of the door and stopped because I had not heard him set his car alarm .
With one kick from a 299 pound man took my door off the hinges .
The deadbolt and regular lock did not help .
I heard someone say : " Lay down maam " or " Get down maam . "
I had to make a split second decision whether I was going to lie down or fight .
I decided that I had to fight or we might die .
The Gun Digest Book of ...
Massad F. Ayoob Best Price : $ 2.13 Buy New $ 18.95 ( as of 11:20 EST - Details )
I took off running to where my husband was sleeping , screaming for him to help me .
One intruder tried to jump over the couch to stop me and he fell , the other one chased me but did not catch me .
I made it to the bedroom and tried to hold the door shut .
The door did not close all the way but I had my body against it trying to keep them out .
My husband Mike had woken up and did not know what was going on .
He made it to [ join ] me at the bedroom door about the time the door was busted into two pieces , over my body .
Then I felt a burning sensation go through my chest .
A 9 mm bullet had hit me near my heart .
We think Mike was shot once at this time but he does not remember the first bullet hitting him in the shoulder and coming out his back near his spine .
Mike grabbed the intruders and would not let them go .
He tried taking them back out of our home and was fighting them through the kitchen and into the living room .
This gave me enough time to call 911 , give our address and tell them we were being shot .
I then thought about everything my husband had taught me about self defense .
It was now or never .
I went for his .22 [ rimfire ] that he had sitting on the headboard .
All I could think was cock the hammer back and take the safety off .
This is what he showed me every time he would work a night shift .
He would tell me that this is for you to protect you and the children .
I never really thought that I had listened to him but I had .
I now had to decide how to shoot at the intruders that were fighting Mike .
I might shoot Mike by accident .
I ran out of the bedroom and into the living room and shot warning shots over their heads .
I thought they would run away .
They did not .
One intruder got away from Mike .
He was running towards me .
I ran back to the bedroom and turned to fire on him .
He was not there .
I waited about a second or two and he did not come to the door .
GENUINE LEATHER GUN CO ... Buy New $ 78.99 ( as of 08:25 EST - Details )
I had to do something .
I went to the bedroom door and peeked out to look for the intruder .
He was squatted down by my refrigerator waiting for me to come out with the pistol pointing in my direction .
I knew I still had to help Mike .
Next to my bedroom door is an 8 inch wall and then an opening that leads to the dining room .
The dining room also has another doorway that leads into the living room .
I knew they would not have known this .
While he waited for me to run out , all I could see was his arm and gun around the refrigerator .
The refrigerator also blocked him from seeing me slide against the wall to go into the dining room .
I made it into the dining room and came out the other doorway with my gun drawn and prepared to fire on the intruder .
He never knew what was coming because this put his back to me .
I opened fired and shot him in the back two times .
He said : " The F .. Bitch shot me , kill her . "
That brought me back to reality that Mike was still fighting one of the intruders .
When I turned to help Mike , I watched the intruder put the gun to Mikes side and fire .
Mike dropped to the floor from the gun shot and this gave me the opportunity to fire on this intruder .
There was just one problem .
I had no more cartridges .
I turned to run and as I turned he opened fire with eight bullets .
One round hit me in the shoulder and came out my back .
I ran back to the bedroom and prayed that the police would arrive [ in time ] to catch them before they made it up my long driveway .
They did not .
Armed Response : A Comp ... David Kenik Best Price : $ 1.23 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:40 EST - Details )
I thought Mike was dead and the house had gotten very quiet .
I thought they had left because 911 kept calling back on the phone and hanging up when the answering machine would come on .
I knew they wanted out of this situation because things had gone very wrong for them .
Then all the sudden I heard someone scream at Mike : " Where is the f keys to that truck ? "
He said , in my hat , on the gun cabinet , in the bedroom .
I was still in the bedroom but I now knew Mike was still alive .
I knew the intruder was coming back in the bedroom where I was .
The door was busted and the light was off where Mike had been sleeping .
I was about 2 feet from the door when he appeared and screamed " where are you " ?
I did not answer hoping he would leave or the police would arrive .
He didnt , he turned the light on and there I was .
He put a sawed off type shotgun to my temple .
He screamed , " Where are the f keys to that truck ? "
I had heard what Mike had said about the keys but my purse was right there and I had a set of keys .
He screamed : " Did you call 911 ? " and I lied , and said " No but you have already shot us just leave " .
Just take our truck and go .
About that time my hand came out of my purse with the keys and he grabbed them and ran .
Patriots : A Novel of S... Rawles , James Wesley Best Price : $ 1.10 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 03:05 EST - Details )
I thought to myself : " Please wake up from this horrible nightmare . "
I looked down at my chest to see that I was bleeding very badly .
I knew then it was not a nightmare .
I thought of the ringing phone .
That is the help that I need for Mike and I .
I got to the phone and talked to the 911 dispatch .
I really dont remember much about what the dispatch operator was saying because I was thinking of my family .
I put my mom on three - way calling to tell her what had happened and tell her I love her before I died .
I then thought of my son that was due home any minute .
I then put my sister on three - way calling to tell her to get here for my son .
He would need family there in case I died .
From the time I made the original phone call it took the police about 14 minutes to arrive on the scene .
Tips to Survive a home invasion robbery :
You must make you own choices of what to do to survive .
Do not depend on the police or your neighbors to protect you .
You must protect your family and yourself .
They may take what they want and leave you unharmed .
You may give them everything that they want and they may want to rape your wife just so you can watch .
You may not have enough money or valuables so they ’ll kill you anyway .
Or they ’ll kill you because you might be able to [ later ] identify them .
You have to decide what your life is worth .
I made the choice that I did out of fear of the unknown and the will to survive .
Get a Concealed Carry Permit .
Take courses to teach you how to correctly use your weapon .
Classes on self defense .
Training in self defense strategies practiced in role playing scenarios .
Practice with your weapon on the firing range .
Practice can make perfect and you want to be comfortable with your weapon .
If you have children do n't hide your weapon , teach them the right and wrong use of the weapon .
Most children once they have seen and heard what a weapon can do would never touch one without you .
But keep your weapons out of the reach of children and have gun locks and all weapons except your personal weapon and that should be on you at all times .
( That should be backed by our Constitutional Rights but in many cases has been taken from us ) .
Children are curious of the unknown .
Do role playing scenarios with your children of different scenarios of events that can happen .
This is not limited to home invasions but can be done with stranger danger , fires and many other dangers in our children 's lives that could happen to them .
Read the rest of the article
July 2 , 2010
New York ( CNN ) -- Dennis Crowley was jogging across a New York bridge when he spotted something exciting : a cartoon mushroom , spray - painted on the sidewalk .
It looked like something out of Nintendo 's " Super Mario Bros. , " which Crowley grew up playing .
He stomped on the mushroom as he ran by and had a sort of nerdy realization .
" I was like , s---! " he recalled .
" ' I should get a power - up for that ! ' "
Since that moment several years ago , Crowley -- a 33 - year - old who 's always in a sweatshirt and wears an eyebrow - length mop of Justin Bieber - like hair -- has sought to turn adult life into a whimsical game .
In his world , people should earn points and prizes for making random discoveries like that one .
His latest venture , a popular smartphone app called Foursquare , lets players use their phones to " check in " to the various restaurants , bars , art galleries and friends ' apartments they visit in the course of their day .
With each stop , they earn points ; people who complete special challenges -- like visiting 20 pizza joints , staying out past 3 a.m. on a " school night " or being a serial karaoke singer -- get special merit badges , as if they were digital Boy Scouts .
Crowley sees these video - game - style rewards as reason enough for Foursquare users to make more effort to explore the real world -- and , in the process , to have more fun with their daily lives .
That puts the app , which launched in 2009 , right in line with what seems to be his personal philosophy : " Things should n't be so super - serious all the time . "
But does the game - centered life Foursquare promotes lead to success and fulfillment ?
CNN followed Crowley for 24 hours in New York to find out .
The answer seems to be located in the places he frequents , whether he " checks in " there or not .
@ Play ( the Scratcher ) : 209 E. Fifth St. , New York
By his own count , Crowley has about 60 close friends in Manhattan 's East Village , the gritty and artsy corner of New York where he lives , works and plays .
He sees some subset of this group every day , since when he leaves the office about 8 p.m. , he almost always goes somewhere besides home .
You 'd think an out - every - night social calendar would require some intense forethought , but not for Crowley .
He just looks at his phone .
Opens the Foursquare app .
And it tells him exactly where his close friends are .
Then he heads out to meet them , sometimes after sending a courtesy text message .
" I still call people , but if I 'm at home on my couch on a Tuesday , I 'll check Foursquare to see if anyone 's out and nearby , " he said , " and I 'll send them a text and be like , ' Yo !
Can I meet up with you in a bit ? ' "
Lately , Crowley frequently finds these friends at his favorite bar , the Scratcher , a basement - level hole - in - the wall on Fifth Street .
Crowley has been there 49 times since 2002 , when he started counting .
That has earned him the Foursquare honor of being " mayor " of that venue , meaning he has checked in there more times than anyone else .
Even when he 's sick , Crowley feels hard - pressed to turn down a night at the Scratcher -- partly because it 's fun but also because he has to keep going to the bar as often as possible to avoid getting beat out of his mayorship by another frequent patron .
And it 's the only mayorship he holds these days .
Case in point :
On a recent Tuesday night , when Crowley had a nagging cough and said he'd been sick for three weeks , he went out first to the Scratcher and then ended up staying out on the town , singing karaoke ( " Patience " by Guns N ' Roses is his go - to song ) , until about 2 a.m .
He still made it to work the next morning , though .
" I 've def been * less * hungover :) , " he posted on his Twitter feed at 7:08 a.m .
Crowley said he 's the kind of person who will stretch his social schedule to explore the city but would go to the same places all the time unless he had a little " kick in the ass " to try someplace else .
Again , that 's where Foursquare comes in .
With badges and coupons , Foursquare has rewarded Crowley for doing simple things like going to Brooklyn frequently , traveling above New York 's 59th Street , going to work with a hangover ( since the app knows how late he 's been out ) , visiting more than 10 playgrounds and going to Omaha , Nebraska .
In all , he 's earned 51 digital badges through the app he created ; he 's " checked in " with Foursquare nearly 3,500 times .
All this moving about gives some observers the sense that Crowley is everywhere and nowhere all at the same time .
At dinner and at drinks , he 's often on his phone , updating his location and text - messaging constantly .
Alex Rainert , Foursquare 's product manager and a longtime friend , said these social interactions sustain Crowley .
" I think that 's what rejuvenates him , " Rainert said of Crowley 's social calendar .
" It 's very much the same spirit that drives the product , " he said .
" You could go home and decompress , or you could go to that art gallery someone 's recommended . "
Crowley will always choose the gallery .
And , since he 's done so 10 times or more , he 's earned the " Warhol " badge .
@ Youth : Medway , Massachusetts
Crowley 's obsession with games and rewards started early .
Growing up in Medway , Massachusetts , a town of about 12,500 people , Crowley was n't all that good at sports or academics , according to family members , but he was extremely competitive when it came to video games and practical jokes .
The oldest of three kids , Crowley used any chance he could get to assert his superiority over his younger brother and sister .
Jonathan Crowley recalls a time when his older brother smashed two forts he had built in the backyard .
When Jonathan built a third , he put the fort in a tree so Dennis could n't get to it .
But he came home to find that Dennis had cut the trees down in order to make the fort fall , he said .
" We 're super - competitive in everything we do , " said Jonathan Crowley , 30 , who laughs when he talks about his childhood fights with his older brother .
" Our dad raised us to be competitive -- for better or for worse . "
Their father also raised his kids to be independent .
Dennis Crowley , who goes by the same name as his oldest son , started his own communications business , which later became part of General Electric .
He told his kids that if they really wanted to succeed , they had to work for themselves , not for someone else .
By early high school , the younger Dennis had taken this advice to heart .
When he was n't playing video games , skateboarding or following around graffiti artists , he was writing , editing and printing a video - game - centered magazine called Dystopia , which he sold in local video game arcades and stores .
" We played video games as well , but he would take it to another level , " Jonathan Crowley said .
" He 'd be like , writing down the codes , writing down the moves and figuring out a way to share that with people . "
Dennis Crowley carried that same vigor and industriousness into many activities , whether they were serious or not .
In 2008 , when the Crowleys were picked to be on the television game show " Family Feud , " Dennis and Jonathan devised a rigorous -- but fun -- practice schedule for the entire family .
In the family ski house in Vermont , they set a microwave timer for 20 seconds and practiced answering questions for the show 's final round , which is called " fast money . "
They quizzed each other in person and over e-mail for four or five months before the show was taped , Jonathan Crowley said .
During the actual competition , Jonathan Crowley recalls a moment when he and his brother froze , unable to comprehend the hugeness of the fact that this was a real game in real life , with real money at stake .
But then they locked eyes on the set , and everything was OK .
" We 're both like , ' holy s---!
This is no microwave - timer anymore .
This is the real deal ... and we can do it ! ' " he said .
The family walked away as winners , with a $ 20,000 prize .
@ School ( New York University ) : 721 Broadway , New York
After graduating with a communications and advertising degree from Syracuse University and working for a time at tech investment and research firms , Dennis Crowley had one big reason for wanting to go to graduate school : to play .
For that , he picked the perfect place : the Interactive Telecommunications Program at New York University , which he described as " Alice in Wonderland " for adults , " a playground where you get these crazy tinkerers messing around ; it 's a fantasy land in some ways ; it 's art school . "
Walk through the school today , and you 'll still see evidence of Crowley 's playful and game - themed grad - school projects :
In a large workspace , for example , there 's a foosball table where some of the plastic players are wearing knit shirts and numbers .
It 's hooked up to a microprocessor and sensors that automatically record goals and , in Crowley 's day , posted wins and losses on a tournament - style leader board on the wall .
" I had , like , problems with my wrist from playing a lot , " he remembered fondly .
Obsessed with the idea that life should be more like a game , Crowley also took these ideas out of the classroom .
With a group of other NYU students , he helped organize a real - world game called PacManhattan , a combination of the arcade game " Pac - Man " and the New York borough .
The students dressed up like the games characters -- Crowley was Pac - Man during the first test -- and ran through the streets of New York , as if the city were their arcade board .
Because GPS technology was clunky at the time , they called in their locations to a central processing station by mobile phone .
An operator manually input their whereabouts in a computer program and tallied the winners and losers .
" I just like building tools that make the city more interesting , " he said .
The next logical step was to make everyday interactions more game - like .
As his NYU thesis project , in collaboration with Rainert , Crowley upgraded a long - time project of his called Dodgeball , a text - message - based social network that , in many ways , is the precursor to Foursquare .
People used Dodgeball to tell a central computer at NYU where they were .
Friends got text updates on their whereabouts , and all of a sudden , this system was holding together Crowley 's large social network in the East Village .
The system got so big that , in 2005 , Google bought Dodgeball from Crowley for an undisclosed sum of money ( enough to buy an " old- school " Range Rover , like the one from older Beastie Boys music videos , which Crowley loves ) .
That might seem like a success story .
But , for Crowley , it was n't .
Soon , everything fell apart .
@ Work ( Foursquare ) : 36 Cooper Square , New York
Foursquare shares its 2,000 - square - foot office space -- on the fifth floor of the Village Voice newspaper building -- with two other start - up companies .
Workers sit side by side at long tables that look like they belong in at an elementary school cafeteria .
Crowley says the place is starting to get the feel of a " sweatshop " as Foursquare adds workers , seemingly each week .
But if Foursquare is a sweatshop , it seems to be a happy one .
Even though everyone seems to work long hours in crowded , hot conditions , Crowley does his best to make work life into a game , just like in the app .
The office bookshelf does contain some books : " Jamie 's Food Revolution , " " Broke - Ass Stuart 's Guide To Living Cheaply in New York " and " I Wo n't Give Up , " which chronicles the life of rocker Pete Doherty .
But those are side - by - side with bottles of vodka and Cabernet Sauvignon , plastic cups and board games like Clue .
Michael Jackson playing cards and meeting notes with titles like " Product Dreams , " " Next " and " Fantasy Use Cases " are tacked to the walls .
On a Wednesday afternoon in late May , Crowley had his Nike sneakers up in a chair as he talked with Rainert , Foursquare 's product developer , about the future of the company .
They started off discussing to - do lists in the app , which let players keep track of tips and suggestions they find in Foursquare .
Crowley is notoriously critical of his own work .
" People love it , but [ the to - do lists ] suck , " Crowley said .
" Things that you want to do should be , like , super - pure . "
Of one potential fix , he said : " God , that 's so f--- ing hot . "
The next was " half - baked . "
Another was " too wonky " to go in the app , he decided .
When Crowley leaves the office on business , he takes this uninhibited aura with him .
At the South by Southwest Interactive conference in Austin , Texas , for example , Crowley " swam " an annual backstroke race across a hotel lobby -- flailing about on his back on the marble -- in the wee hours of the morning .
Even when he 's making a pitch for his company , a bit of playfulness is always at the ready .
At a May technology conference in New York , a blogger asked Crowley whether he planned to sell the company , as is widely rumored .
" Oh , I already sold .
We sold to Nabisco [ the cookie maker ] , " he responded .
" We think it 's going to be a good fit . "
Crowley 's dad and brother have worried that his uber - casual and playful persona wo n't go over well in the business world .
And as Foursquare continues to get more popular -- it now has nearly 1.5 million users -- it 's clear that Crowley is feeling pressured .
His e-mail inbox is overflowing .
His iPhone blinks , at times , like it's a strobe light .
He also has the fact that Dodgeball failed staring him over the shoulder .
" None of my stuff works .
It 's all been broken .
I 've never not had a failure , " Crowley said .
" We just have n't made this fail yet . "
@ Unemployment ( Tompkins Square Park ) : 500 E. Ninth St. , New York
When Google bought Dodgeball , it seemed like everything was going right .
He 'd sold his company to the world 's search - engine giant .
And he had landed a job at the company , too .
But in 2007 , Crowley left Google in a huff , publicly complaining that it had n't given him the resources he needed to make Dodgeball succeed .
With his intellectual baby out of his hands , he went into a deep funk .
He was n't sure what to do , so he traveled the world a bit and spent much of his time reading magazines in Tompkins Square Park , near his apartment in New York .
Then one of his worst fears became reality .
In January 2009 , Google shut down Dodgeball 's servers for good .
His social network had dissolved .
But he did n't mope forever .
The Dodgeball shutdown ended up being just the kick - start Crowley needed .
He met up with another unemployed tech geek , Naveen Selvadurai , the same month Dodgeball became extinct .
They drew up the blueprints for Foursquare in Crowley 's kitchen and in coffee shops and then founded the company .
Crowley says he started Foursquare for his circle of East Village friends .
He never intended for it to become this successful .
He just needed a new social glue .
He has that back now .
And as it turns out , failure may have been one of the better things to happen to Crowley .
On his Twitter account , Crowley lists " unemployment " as one of his interests :
" I like snowboards , foursquare and unemployment , " his online bio says .
@ Home : Near Tompkins Square Park , East Village , New York
There are no winners and losers in the game of Foursquare .
And that 's intentional .
As Rainert , Foursquare 's product manager , put it : " It 's not about winning ; it 's about doing more stuff . "
Crowley put it more bluntly .
" You do n't want to tell people they 're winning at life or they 're not , " he said .
He says he does n't define Foursquare 's success by the number of people who use his app or by the amount of money it makes .
He wants some people to use it -- and for it to be a life - enriching experience for those who do .
Maybe the app will inject a bit of Crowley 's carefree spirit into the daily grind .
If anything , Crowley seems most adamant about seeing this project through to the end -- and on getting as many of the ideas that are boiling in his head out into the real world .
That 's something he can't say about Dodgeball .
As his dad said , " He tells me that what they 're doing [ with Foursquare ] is just the tip of the iceberg . "
At his spare , IKEA - decorated apartment in New York 's East Village , Crowley has a shelf that 's home to board games and a vase full of Legos .
On top , next to a picture of a car , there 's also a soccer trophy .
The trophy shows a side of Crowley that he does n't let most people to see .
" Do n't read too much into that , " he said .
" That 's the trophy they give to every kid that plays .
It 's like , you show up and you get it . "
In a way , playing is as important to him as winning .
" Is this is all that is left to us to do : to give our breasts to the foreign drivers ? " a Saudi woman named Fatima Shammary was quoted as saying by Gulf News .
If they 're not granted the right to drive , the women are threatening to breastfeed their drivers to establish a symbolic maternal bond .
But a group of Saudi women has taken the controversial decree a step further in a new campaign to gain the right to drive in the ultra - conservative kingdom , media reports say .
Many were stunned when Saudi cleric Sheik Abdel Mohsen Obeikan recently issued a fatwa , or Islamic ruling , calling on women to give breast milk to their male colleagues or men they come into regular contact with so as to avoid illicit mixing between the sexes .
Obeikan argued in his decree that if the women give their drivers their breast milk , the chauffeurs would be able to mingle with all members of the family without having to worry about violating Islamic law .
Some Islamic scholars frown on the mixing of unmarried men and women .
Islamic tradition , or hadith , stipulates that breastfeeding establishes a maternal bond , even if a woman breastfeeds a child who is not her own .
Drawing from the cleric 's advocacy , the women have reportedly chosen a slogan for their campaign that translates to , " We either be allowed to drive or breastfeed foreigners . "
The current driving ban applies to all women in Saudi Arabia , regardless of their nationality , and it 's been a topic of heated public debate in recent years .
The ban on driving was unofficial at first but was introduced as official legislation after 47 Saudi women drove cars through the streets of the Saudi capital , Riyadh , in 1990 in an attempt to challenge authorities .
The incident brought harsh consequences for the women , who were jailed for a day and had their passports confiscated .
Many of them were said to have been forced to leave their jobs after the driving protest .
Still , every now and then , reports of Saudi women driving in defiance of the ban emerge in the media .
Two years ago , 125 women in Saudi Arabia signed a petition that called on the Saudi interior minister to lift the ban .
One of the Saudi female signatories , Wajeha Huwaider , posted a video of herself driving on YouTube in a direct appeal to the Saudi authorities to allow women to drive .
" For women to drive is not a political issue , " Wajeha said as she sat behind the wheel .
" It is not a religious issue .
It is a social issue , and we know that many women of our society are capable of driving cars .
We also know that many families will allow their women to drive . "
-- Alexandra Sandels , in Beirut
Photo : Saudi women look under the hood of a new car at a showroom in Riyadh , where women sell cars to female buyers .
Women can still own cars in Saudi Arabia , but they are banned from driving them .
Credit : Associated Press
Dongping Zhong
Researchers have long known that humans lack a key enzyme -- one possessed by most of the animal kingdom and even plants -- that reverses severe sun damage .
For the first time , researchers have witnessed how this enzyme works at the atomic level to repair sun-damaged DNA .
The discovery holds promise for future sunburn remedies and skin cancer prevention .
In the early online edition of the journal Nature , Ohio State University physicist and chemist Dongping Zhong and his colleagues describe how they were able to observe the enzyme , called photolyase , inject a single electron and proton into an injured strand of DNA .
The two subatomic particles healed the damage in a few billionths of a second .
" It sounds simple , but those two atomic particles actually initiated a very complex series of chemical reactions , " said Zhong , the Robert Smith Associate Professor of Physics , and associate professor in the departments of chemistry and biochemistry at Ohio State .
" It all happened very fast , and the timing had to be just right . "
Exactly how photolyases repair the damage has remained a mystery until now .
" People have been working on this for years , but now that we 've seen it , I do n't think anyone could have guessed exactly what was happening , " Zhong said .
He and his colleagues synthesized DNA in the lab and exposed it to ultraviolet light , producing damage similar to that of sunburn , then added photolyase enzymes .
Using ultrafast light pulses , they took a series of " snapshots " to reveal how the enzyme repaired the DNA at the atomic level .
Ultraviolet ( UV ) light damages skin by causing chemical bonds to form in the wrong places along the DNA molecules in our cells .
This study has revealed that photolyase breaks up those errant bonds in just the right spots to cause the atoms in the DNA to move back into their original positions .
The bonds are then arranged in such a way that the electron and proton are automatically ejected out of the DNA helix and back into the photolyase , presumably so it could start the cycle over again and go on to heal other sites .
All plants and most animals have photolyase to repair severe sun damage .
Everything from trees to bacteria to insects enjoys this extra protection .
Only mammals lack the enzyme .
Humans do possess some enzymes that can undo damage with less efficiency .
But we become sunburned when our DNA is too damaged for those enzymes to repair , and our skin cells die .
Scientists have linked chronic sun damage to DNA mutations that lead to diseases such as skin cancer .
Now that researchers know the mechanism by which photolyase works , they might use that information to design drugs or lotions that heal sun damage , Zhong said .
Normal sunscreen lotions convert UV light to heat , or reflect it away from our skin .
A sunscreen containing photolyase could potentially heal some of the damage from UV rays that get through .
Perhaps ironically , photolyase captures light of a different wavelength -- visible light , in the form of photons -- to obtain enough energy to launch the healing electron and proton into the DNA that has been damaged by UV light .
Researchers knew that visible light played a role in the process -- hence the term " photo " in the enzyme 's name -- but nobody knew exactly how , until now .
Explore further Researchers Find New Way To Study How Enzymes Repair DNA Damage
RARE good news in the bloody fight against narcotics gave drug warriors in the Americas reason to boast on June 22nd .
First , Jamaican police arrested Christopher “ Dudus ” Coke , a gang leader wanted in the United States .
The same day , the UN reported that the area used to cultivate coca leaf in the Andes fell by 5 % last year .
Mr Coke 's unexpected capture was a coup for the Jamaican government .
On May 17th Bruce Golding , the prime minister , authorised his extradition to America and launched a search for him .
The effort caused 73 deaths in firefights between the security forces and his supporters , but found no trace of him .
Yet after a month on the run , Mr Coke decided to turn himself in .
Police had conducted raids on his associates , which may have made him think they were closing in .
He contacted a pastor to arrange a surrender at the American embassy .
But Jamaican police were tipped off and stopped Mr Coke , dressed in a wig and hat , en route .
At first sight , the coca figures are equally encouraging .
According to the UN 's data , derived from satellite images , the total amount of Andean land under coca has dropped by nearly a quarter since 1990 .
Colombia has done especially well : partly because it switched from ineffective crop -spraying to large - scale manual eradication , its coca - growing land has been reduced by 60 % in the last decade .
Yet it is precisely such achievements that produce the most scepticism about counter - narcotics .
The surrender or capture of 27 Jamaican gang leaders in the past month has created a power vacuum that may be filled by bloodshed .
As long as political parties depend on the mobs at elections and the police cannot provide security , citizens will still suffer .
Similarly , the drop in land used to grow coca has been offset by better productivity .
Since 2000 , yields per hectare have risen by nearly two - thirds .
And crude machines are replacing bare feet as macerators , while washing machines are being used as makeshift centrifuges .
As a result , the UN 's current estimate of global cocaine production is 10 % higher than it was in 2005 .
Moreover , growers continue to find the weak links in the enforcement chain .
In 1995 Peru and Bolivia were the world 's top cocaine producers .
Much blood and money was spent driving the trade out of those countries and , inadvertently , into Colombia ( see chart ) .
In 1999 America sponsored a big anti-drug programme in Colombia .
As a result , growers have moved back : in the past decade , the area used for coca rose by 55 % in Peru and 42 % in Bolivia .
Bolivia 's president , Evo Morales , still leads a coca - growers ' union .
He wants the leaf taken off the UN 's banned - substances list to allow its industrialisation in drinks and creams .
The new constitution passed last year calls coca part of Bolivia 's “ cultural heritage ” .
No matter that cocaine is not .
Peru 's president , Alan García , refuses to eradicate coca in a key valley , in part to avoid agitating Maoist guerrillas .
The UN report found that Peru may have passed Colombia as the world 's top coca grower last year .
As a senior Mexican official says : “ Until legalisation , the only thing you can do is make it someone else 's problem . ”
The 300 streak one is obviously one of the biggest challenges I faced .
My advice to you , if you want the easiest route around the medal .
Play A Glorious Dawn .
It 's still hard though .
Especially the chorus .
But you can listen to the song and play the rhythm of the singing .
This does n't always work but it might with the chorus .
Refresh the page too when you lose your streak .
It will be out of rhythm from then on if you do n't .
I love biscuits .
I make them with chicken & gravy , I eat them for breakfast with jam or honey … and sometimes I just eat them as they are .
I can remember many a Sunday morning when I was little , when my family would get up and make biscuits for breakfast .
They were heavenly .
But most biscuits generally err toward the dry side of life and unfortunately that just does n’t interest Stefan .
I say the word “ biscuit ” and his face sorta scrunches up .
That is until I meshed several recipes together to create some mighty fine biscuits that even he raves about .
And what ’s even more incredible is that we have now managed to duplicate the McDonald ’s Sausage Egg & Cheese Biscuits in Germany without really even trying very hard .
I assure you it ’s not a simple task … because sausage like that is just not easy to find .
But more about those delectable breakfast treats in my next post .
You may notice that there ’s a hint of sugar and vanilla in these biscuits but you probably wo n’t taste it , especially if you use these for breakfast sandwiches .
And if you ’re eating them with honey or jam , it will only enhance their flavor .
If you do n’t have a pastry blender , you can also take two knives and cut the butter in that way .
It ’s a total pain but you do n’t need extra tools in your kitchen drawers .
I personally just dig my hands into the mix and blend the flour mixture into the butter that way .
Grab a bit of flour and butter in your hand and just rub it together and across your fingertips .
You will begin to notice fewer big clumps of butter as it is distributed throughout the dry ingredients .
If you also do n’t have any suitable cookie cutters , just grab a glass with a smooth rim out of the cabinet and use that for a cutter …it ’s generally what I use .
You might have some issues with the air that gets trapped inside as you push down , but it usually only makes a slight difference since I try to cut the biscuits as close to the edge of the dough as possible to prevent having to roll it out more than twice .
Also , if you do n’t have any buttermilk handy but plenty of regular milk , just add a teaspoon of vinegar or lemon juice to 1 cup of milk and let it sit at least 5 minutes .
You ’ll have a quick and easy buttermilk substitute that has saved me more times than I care to admit .
Because unfortunately , regular milk is just not the same as buttermilk when you ’re cooking or baking .
Feel free to double the recipe if you want and freeze the extra biscuits .
They lose a tiny bit of moisture that way , but if you ’re covering them in gravy or using them with sausage , egg and cheese ; you wo n’t notice the difference .
Another suspect arrested shortly after the killings , Ricardo Valles de la Rosa , said the target of the shooting was Ms. Enriquez ’s husband , Mr. Redelfs .
Newspapers in El Paso and Juárez reported that gang leaders wanted to kill him because they said he had tormented a gang member in the El Paso County Jail .
Both Mr. Chávez and Mr. de la Rosa belong to Los Aztecas , a cross - border gang that works for La Linea .
Mr. Chávez , whom the police described as a leader of the gang , was arrested with six other suspects , also believed to be members of the gang , in a raid in Ciudad Juárez on Thursday .
Mr. Chávez had served five years in prison in Louisiana on a drug charge , the police said .
He was arrested in April 2008 by the Mexican Army on drug charges and later released .
He also confessed that he was part of a group of gunmen that attacked a teenagers ’ party at the end of January , killing 15 people .
Mr. Chávez told the police that his group had mistakenly believed the people at the party were members of a rival gang , known as the Artists Assassins , or Double - A .
Andrea Simmons , a spokeswoman for the F.B.I. in El Paso , said she had no additional information about the arrest .
“ We ’re working with Mexican authorities as part of a joint investigation , ” she said .
The gun battle that killed 21 people took place about 4 a.m.
Thursday about 12 miles from the Arizona border in a remote area often used for smuggling drugs and migrants .
The authorities said they captured nine suspects , six of them wounded , plus eight vehicles and seven weapons .
Farther east , near the Texas border , gunmen shot at a sport utility vehicle late Wednesday night that was carrying the Chihuahua State prosecutor , Sandra Salas García , and her two bodyguards .
Ms. García , 38 , who was in charge of highly delicate internal investigations in Ciudad Juárez , was killed .
One of the bodyguards was also killed and the other was seriously wounded .
More than 23,000 people have been killed in drug - related violence since late 2006 , when President Felipe Calderón came to office vowing to stem the rising power of the drug trafficking organizations .
The violence has spiked in recent months , according to tallies compiled by the Mexican news media , with the killing of a gubernatorial candidate in Tamaulipas on Monday provoking particular outrage .
I do n't drink wine but if I did , I would totally buy this wine glass .
It fits an entire bottle of wine — all 750 ml of that bitter grape juice — in its 9 - inch tall , super sized goblet .
[ Amazon via The Awesomer ]
Advertisement
Creating Dense Boggle® Boards
Description of the Boggle® board layout problem
o---o---o---o---o | A | T | G | C | o-|-\---/---\---o | L | R | J | E | o---o---o---o---o | J | R | F | G | o---o---o---o---o | M | H | E | S | o---o---o---o---o
Figure 1 : Sample 4x4
Boggle® board containing the word " large " .
Summary of methods used
Start with N random 4x4 board configuration ( or 5x5 ) .
Perturb each of the N random configurations in one of the ways described below .
To better determine perturbation success , the program keeps track of the percentage of times that a particular perturbation type given a particular parameter succeeds in improving the board configuration .
Choice of the perturbation to be performed on a board is picked randomly among the possible perturbations and parameters using the weighting based on past performance .
Change k randomly selected letters on the board .
Swap k randomly selected adjacent pairs of letters .
Swap k randomly selected pairs of letters .
Rotate the board k1 positions vertically and k2 positions horizontally .
Concatenate the original list of N configurations with the new list of N perturbed configurations , sort by board score ( computed by finding total Boggle® score possible for the board , which is not necessarily the same as the maximum number of words ) , and keep the N best configurations .
Go to step 2 and repeat .
Results and relevant files
S E R S P A T G L I N E S E R S which contains 124 3 - letter words ( 124 points ) 281 4 - letter words ( 281 points ) 363 5 - letter words ( 726 points ) 304 6 - letter words ( 912 points ) 213 7 - letter words ( 1065 points ) 97 8 - letter words ( 1067 points ) 28 9 - letter words ( 308 points ) 4 10 - letter words ( 44 points ) 4527 total points , 1414 total words .
Figure 2 : Best found 4x4 Boggle board configuration .
R S C L S D E I A E G N T R P I A E S O L M I D C which contains 195 3 - letter words ( 195 points ) 442 4 - letter words ( 442 points ) 661 5 - letter words ( 1322 points ) 668 6 - letter words ( 2004 points ) 533 7 - letter words ( 2665 points ) 342 8 - letter words ( 3762 points ) 189 9 - letter words ( 2079 points ) 71 10 - letter words ( 781 points ) 18 11 - letter words ( 198 points ) 1 12 - letter words ( 11 points ) 13459 total points , 3120 total words Figure 3 : Best found 4x4 Boggle board configuration .
D S R O D G T E M E N S R A S I T O D G N T R P R E I A E S T S C L P D which contains 232 3 - letter words ( 232 points ) 610 4 - letter words ( 610 points ) 907 5 - letter words ( 1814 points ) 1087 6 - letter words ( 3261 points ) 980 7 - letter words ( 4900 points ) 749 8 - letter words ( 8239 points ) 429 9 - letter words ( 4719 points ) 184 10 - letter words ( 2024 points ) 47 11 - letter words ( 517 points ) 13 12 - letter words ( 143 points ) 5 13 - letter words ( 55 points ) 26514 total points , 5243 total words Figure 4 : Best found 6x6 Boggle board configuration .
Comments to Chuong Do ( chuong.do@stanford.edu )
ST . LOUIS , July 28 / PRNewswire / -- Contegix , a privately held technology firm specializing in Internet infrastructure and hosting services , announced their agreement to provide sponsorship to Clojure development language project .
" At Contegix , we have a history that runs deep in the open source community , and look for ways to give back in any way that we can to help support efforts which push this technology forward .
Clojure represents the next wave of languages that are designed to take advantage of the features of today 's computers , especially multi-core processors .
We saw this as an opportunity to provide our expertise in managed service to allow the Clojure community to focus on development rather than infrastructure management , " said Matthew Porter , CEO and Co-Founder of Contegix .
Clojure is a dynamic programming language that targets the Java™ Virtual Machine ( and the CLR ) .
It is designed to be a general - purpose language , combining the approachability and interactive development of a scripting language with an efficient and robust infrastructure for multithreaded programming .
Clojure is a compiled language - it compiles directly to JVM bytecode , yet remains completely dynamic .
Every feature supported by Clojure is supported at runtime .
" The Clojure development team is delighted to be sponsored by Contegix .
Contegix has a long history of supporting quality open source projects .
We now have build .
clojure.org and dev.clojure.org on Contegix managed cloud hosting , and will be working in the coming months to make access to Clojure resources more simple and reliable than ever before .
The entire Clojure community thanks Contegix for their support , " remarked Stu Halloway , a Clojure Committer .
ABOUT CONTEGIX
Contegix holds expertise in high security managed hosting , cloud computing , applications management , colocation and Internet infrastructure intelligence .
Their award - winning service is delivered by a staff of Tier - 3 engineers from their global headquarters in St. Louis , MO .
To find out more , please visit www.contegix.com.
ABOUT CLOJURE
Clojure is a dialect of Lisp , and shares with Lisp the code - as - data philosophy and a powerful macro system .
Clojure is predominantly a functional programming language , and features a rich set of immutable , persistent data structures .
When mutable state is needed , Clojure offers a software transactional memory system and reactive Agent system that ensure clean , correct , multithreaded designs .
To learn more about Clojure please visit www .
clojure.org .
SOURCE Contegix , LLC
17 Aug 2020 ---
An anti-dumping complaint against imports of wheat gluten from Austria , Belgium , France , Germany , Lithuania and Australia has been filed by ADM Agri-Industries Co. , ... Read More
It 's too simplistic to just blame unassertive cycling for a spate of female cyclists killed by lorries
Women are slower cyclists , or do n't use gears ; they lack spatial awareness , think too much about things other than the road in front of them ; " men evolved into hunters that need to be aware of their surroundings , while women evolved into homemakers less reliant on their senses " .
These were just a few of the comments , some more gender - stereotyped than others , I prompted when I last wrote for this blog .
In May I described how eight out of 13 cycling deaths in London in 2009 were women killed by heavy goods vehicles , and speculated about why women were vulnerable , suggesting that it may because we cycle less assertively than men .
Since then I 've spoken to relatives of the women who were killed and learnt that many were experienced and regular cyclists , not shrinking violets either on the road or off it .
Also , of the drivers who were involved in the fatal collisions last year , two were charged with driving offences , one was illegally in the cycle stop box and one was a hit - and - run .
This seems to show there are more factors than the gender of the person riding the bike behind why HGVs represent 5 % of the traffic on London 's roads , but cause 80 % of the fatal collisions with cyclists .
It 's worth noting at this point that while this is , of course , a national issue , the high number of recent such incidents in the capital make it a useful place to learn lessons .
One such potential lesson is this : as well as making cyclists more aware , how can we make HGVs safer to share the streets with bikes ?
After her daughter , Alex , was killed by a cement mixer while cycling to work at a City law firm in 2000 , Cynthia Barlow bought shares in the company that owned the lorry and successfully lobbied them to have state - of - the - art safety equipment fitted .
Cemex lorries now have extra mirrors that dramatically reduce the drivers ' blind spots , as well as sensors along the side of that alert them if a cyclist is alongside and an exterior voice warning which say , " Caution , vehicle turning left " .
The equipment costs £ 545 per vehicle .
Barlow notes :
At the time my daughter was killed , cement mixers were involved in several fatalities .
Since Cemex have fitted the safety equipment there 's only been one , where the cyclist was wearing earphones .
The trade association that represents the interests of the transportation industry , the Freight Transport Authority ( FTA ) , has signed up to a programme of pro-cycling initiatives in London led by the city 's mayor , Boris Johnson .
However , it does not support the mandatory fitting of this equipment , instead arguing that education of drivers and cyclists is the best way to reduce deaths .
Critics argue that education can only do so much .
At the inquest into the death of Meryem Ozekman , a fitness instructor and mother who was killed as she cycled between lessons in April 2009 , scaffolding lorry driver Mark Ellis said , " I 'm an experienced driver .
I 'm always checking my mirrors but you can't see all of them all the time . "
Amy Aeron - Thomas from the road accident charity RoadPeace says :
PHOTOS : Pride Around the World
It 's only the first weekend in June , but we have Pride celebration photos from Croatia , Romania , Seoul , Guadalajara , and Rome .
Friends are feeling the love at the annual Pride parade in Rome , held Saturday .
The confetti flies during a Pride parade in Rome .
Pages
Roman Pride in the shadow of the Colosseum .
Students who use social networking sites do n't seem to suffer academically , according to research out of Northwestern University .
In a recent paper titled " Predictors and consequences of differentiated practices on social network sites , " researchers found that heavy use of sites like Facebook and MySpace does n't affect college students ' grade point averages .
In fact , it 's the usual suspects such as gender , ethnic background , and parental education that appear to have more of a determining factor in GPA than any kind of Facebook addiction .
According to the researchers ' data , female students tend to have higher grades than male ones , and white students have higher grades than non-Hispanic African - American students .
Students whose parents have college degrees have higher GPAs than those whose parents only have a high school diploma or lower .
The researchers then added in data about overall Internet use and social networking use , and found that there were no significant differences .
" The most prevalent findings ... are the persisting differences between respondents with different demographic backgrounds , " reads the paper .
Indeed , Internet and social network use did n't affect the difference in GPAs between male and female or white and African American students .
However , social network use did eliminate the difference in GPAs between students whose parents had differing levels of higher education .
In fact , when controlling for certain demographics , the researchers found a positive relationship between Internet use and GPA .
" The positive relationship between web - use skills and GPA may illustrate that students who have better online skills can draw on their Internet savvy to aid in their schoolwork , " wrote the researchers .
" [ E ] ngaging more intensely with [ social networking sites ] , in particular , shows no relationship to our outcome variable of academic achievement . "
The researchers do acknowledge that students are perfectly capable of distracting themselves from their schoolwork and wasting time online .
However , the positive effects seem to outweigh the negative ones for some students , or at least cancel each other out for others .
So , the next time your mom accuses you of spending more time online than on your freshman projects , tell her you 're just connecting with your peers for better project collaboration .
Information , Communication & Society , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1080/13691181003639866 ( About DOIs ) .
He masterminded an auto insurance fraud ring that featured staged accidents .
He created the equivalent of an “ automotive Frankenstein ” cobbled together out of uncommon parts for a swindle that endangered the public .
He is “ without conscience , ” one judge concluded .
Meet Gurnek Singh , owner , operator and the brains behind Brampton Auto Collision Centre on Stafford Drive in Brampton .
Business is brisk at the collision centre for the 50 - year - old industry veteran , former used - car salesman and convicted con man .
Fines , penalties and a judge ’s blunt rebuke do n’t faze Singh , an unlicensed mechanic with body repair training and a flair for storytelling .
“ I ’m okay , ” he said at his shop the other day .
“ I ’m busy .
Business is good . ”
The judge who found that Singh acted fraudulently described him as “ unblinkingly dishonest ” with “ no aptitude for the truth ” and “ incorrigible . ”
Mr. Justice Joseph Quinn of Ontario Superior Court said he should not even be in business .
“ Singh should not be permitted to conduct any commercial business in the province of Ontario that brings him into contact with members of the public , ” he wrote in a recent judgment that detailed a wide range of infractions and efforts to hide them .
But Singh knows that nothing can legally stop him or anyone else from opening an auto body repair shop in Ontario .
The Liberal government says it protects consumers in many ways under several pieces of legislation .
But advocates for legislation specific for the auto body shop industry argue there is a need for regulations for accreditation and performance standards that could reduce fraud and provide more safety protection on the road .
Vehicles sometimes crowd the front of Singh ’s narrow lot below a shop sign that offers customers “ guaranteed workmanship ” and “ complete collision repairs . ”
In his colorful ruling , Quinn ordered Singh to pay a customer , who got stuck with a creaky car patched together from non-matching parts , more than $ 83,000 , including $ 50,000 in punitive damages .
Singh faces further sentencing for contempt of court for ignoring a deadline in production of documents in that civil case , which dragged for 10 years primarily because of Singh ’s tactics , according to Quinn .
At one time , Singh also sold used cars as Sarwan Auto Sales from the same location .
Ontario ’s regulator for car dealers cancelled Singh ’s sales license in 2001 because he lied about his criminal past .
In Singh ’s latest caper , the court heard that Dr. Kalimuddin Pirbhai of St. Catharines paid $ 32,913.20 for a dark brown 1998 Lexus LS400 luxury car that the body shop operator bought for him at an auction .
Unbeknownst to Pirbhai , Singh actually paid $ 27,065.65 and the car was seriously damaged .
When the family learned about the damages , Singh promised to turn the car into “ showroom condition ” for $ 5,000 at his Brampton shop .
But Singh rang up charges of $ 16,235 and when Pirbhai finally took possession months later he noticed it did n’t handle well .
“ He ( Pirbhai ) noted the vehicle swayed , swerved , wobbled and emitted unusual noises , ” Quinn said in his judgment .
“ He also observed that it seemed to have a number of body parts that did not match . ”
Quinn mused that the car had become “ something of an automotive Frankenstein ” – put together out of disparate parts .
Pirbhai ’s wife took the car to a Lexus dealership , where a check showed it would not pass a safety test .
The doctor returned the car to Singh for a refund and signed over ownership .
Singh initially denied the transfer but a forensic document examiner looked at the papers and refuted his testimony .
Singh conceded the point later with an explanation “ that fell somewhere between a yarn and fairy tale , ” Quinn said .
“ If lies were clothes , Singh would have been considerably overdressed for the trial , ” the judge added .
Singh did not sell the car and Pirbhai never saw a refund .
Exasperated , Pirbhai retook possession of the Lexus and a reputable shop inspected the car .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It found a major structural misalignment , numerous poor repairs and shoddy paint work .
It concluded that the car would put occupants “ in a dangerous situation . ”
In the end , the judge ruled that Singh deliberately misled Pirbhai by overstating the auction price by almost $ 6,000 and overcharged for repairs by $ 6,235 more .
It needed another $ 15,565 in repairs .
“ It is not enough to describe his conduct in this regard as being negligent ; it was fraudulent and grossly so , ” added Quinn .
“ Singh exposed the plaintiff and his family to a significant safety risk . ”
He ordered Singh to pay damages of $ 33,465.77 to Pirbhai for breach of contract , deceit and misrepresentation , and added another $ 50,000 in punitive damages .
Singh , who is appealing the judgment , said in a brief interview he had never experienced a problem with a customer until the Pirbhai case .
But Singh pleaded guilty to swindling Progressive Casualty Insurance Co. of more than $ 5,000 and conspiracy to commit fraud in 1997 .
The court fined him $ 15,000 in that case where police said Singh appeared to be the leader of the scheme .
A police investigation found Singh bought vehicles at auctions that industry officials classified as damaged and insurance writeoffs .
Singh fixed the vehicles at his Brampton shop to minimum standards and then sold them through his used car dealership .
The vehicles were soon involved in staged crashes where both parties knew an accident would occur .
The vehicles were sent back to Singh ’s shop for repairs and people allegedly involved would claim compensation for “ soft tissue ” damage .
However , police said , those people were never in the crashes .
The police probe found that Singh himself claimed compensation from the insurance company even though he was not present at the accident .
Singh applied for renewal of his registration to sell used cars in 2001 but the registrar , which enforces the Motor Vehicle Dealers
Act , revoked it because the legislation requires sellers to operate a business “ with integrity and honesty . ”
The registrar found that Singh had checked “ no ” on a question asking whether he had any convictions .
Singh denied the handwriting on the application belonged to him .
Singh appealed that decision at a licence tribunal and in court during 2002 and 2003 .
The tribunal and courts dismissed his requests .
Read more about :
When the Wiimote was first unveiled , it took the gaming world by surprise .
It was one of the first game controllers to include motion sensing and an infrared camera that tracks your wrist movements .
But if you think the folks at Nintendo are creative , just wait until you see what Wii enthusiasts across the world have been doing with their Wiimotes .
The following are a few Wii remote hacks that redefine what it means to have a lot of time on your hands .
Johnny Lee And The Wiimote Whiteboard
Perhaps you ’ve seen this viral video .
Johnny Lee , a human computer interaction expert , transforms the Wii Remote into a low - cost digital whiteboard .
If you have a Wii Remote , a projector , a laptop , and a homemade infrared pen , you can do the same without having to know a thing about computer programming !
How is this possible ?
As Johnny Lee explains , the Wii Remote is actually a Bluetooth device , meaning it is can easily communicate with any Bluetooth enabled laptop machine .
All you have to do is install a few programs to establish the Bluetooth connection and use Johnny ’s software to do the rest .
Your possibilities are n’t just limited to vertical whiteboards .
You can go one step further and mount the projector to a tripod , shining it on the surface of a table or desk .
Now you can write directly on your desk with an infrared pen !
As long as you place the Wiimote in the right place and use Johnny ’s calibration program , it will work just like the digital whiteboard .
Check out Johnny Lee ’s
Wii remote projects page on his website for the rest of his demos .
He ’ll show you how to create a Wii interface that ’s a lot like Minority Report as well as a tablet PC on an ordinary laptop .
It ’s amazing , and more importantly , incredibly cheap .
Lose Your Mac Remote ?
Do n’t Buy Another One !
Maybe you bought your shiny
Apple machine way back before they were shipped with handy little remotes to control keynote presentations , music , photos , and videos .
That , or you ’re like me and you just keep losing the dang thing .
Now it ’s no problem .
Just get out your Wiimote and download a program for Mac OSX called Darwiin Remote .
First , get the Darwin Remote software .
Next , install Darwiin Remote on your Mac and fire up the Wii controller .
You will need to hold down both the 1 and 2 buttons on the Wiimote at the same time in order to get Darwiin Remote to recognize the device and pair it through Bluetooth .
Once that ’s done , you ’re good to go .
The Wii Remote functions a lot like the remote that comes with your Mac , except it has a few added advantages .
When you press your home button , it ’s the same as pressing Apple - Escape to launch Front Row .
As soon as you are seated on the couch , you can press the arrow keys to navigate through your video or photo collection .
This all well and good , but you have n’t even heard the juiciest bit !
Once you ’re done seeing what you want to see , you can exit Front Row and use your WiiMote as an air mouse by tilting it where you want your mouse to move .
It is n’t as efficient as a standard mouse , but it gets the job done .
Besides who can be bothered to walk across the room just to move a few windows around ?
Turn Your Laptop Into A Drum Machine
If you ’ve already gone through the trouble of creating a digital whiteboard and a remote for your Mac , why not learn how to drum while you ’re at it ?
With a few software tweaks , you can turn your laptop into a drum set .
Your Wiimote serves as your digital drumsticks , creating sounds with the flick of your wrist .
Wii Drum High Tutorial from He Zhao on Vimeo .
To do this , you just need to download He Zhao ’s Wii Drum High and install it on your PC .
Once your Wiimote is connected , you can use different gestures to play all the elements of a full drum set .
Mr. Zhao programmed this so you can hear a louder noise when you strike harder , making it feel very close to the real thing .
It ’s definitely worth checking out .
There are so many ways to hack your WiiMote and turn it into almost anything .
Just think of the possibilities for businesses and just for fun .
If you have any awesome ideas , we want to know about them !
( CNN ) --
If you think the musical compact disc is dying or dead , you 're probably younger than it is .
" Show me a teenager buying a Susan Boyle album on CD and I 'll show you someone buying a gift for their grandparent -- for Christmas , " jokes Billboard senior chart manager and analyst Keith Caulfield .
" There is definitely an age component to the consumption of music . "
As the music industry as a whole struggles in a down economy and direct download business models like iTunes flourish , the compact disc -- which was commercially introduced in 1982 -- has the appearance of going the way of vinyl .
And contrary to the recent declaration of singer Prince -- who said that the Internet is dead and released his latest CD for free via European newspapers -- there 's some evidence that consumers are n't as enamored with ripping the cellophane off that new CD as they once were .
According to data from Nielsen SoundScan , in 2007 CDs accounted for 90 percent of album sales in the United States , with digital accounting for the other 10 percent .
Just two years later , that number had shifted to 79 percent CDs and 20 percent digital , with the remaining percentage point being made up of vinyl and other media .
Billboard 's Caulfield said that so far this year , about 44 million digital albums have been sold , compared with 40 million during the same time frame last year .
But while digital sales have increased slightly , CD sales have dropped from 147 million last year to 114 million this year for the same time period .
Caulfield stops short of speculating on a date when CDs might be phased out , but he does see similarities with the history of other media .
" Vinyl was the predominant configuration from the '50s and the '60s all the way up through the early ' 80s , and then cassettes became the predominant format from the early - mid ' 80s to the very early ' 90s , " he said .
" Then CDs became the predominant format and cassettes really did n't go away until a few years ago .
It 's kind of a natural progression , to a degree . "
That 's not to say that some artists are n't still selling well .
Country group Lady Antebellum has so far racked up 2.4 million in album sales -- both CD and digital -- making them the top - selling act so far for 2010 .
In second place is teen phenom Justin Bieber , with 1.4 million .
" When an artist like a Drake or Eminem sells a bunch of albums , that shows that there are a lot of people that really want to spend money and give money to the artist that they are really , truly a fan of , " Caulfield said .
" The younger an artist skews in terms of who they appeal to , you 'll see a larger share of their album sales tilt towards digital . "
One obvious benefit of digital downloads is their ability to scratch an immediate itch .
Caulfield observes shows like Fox 's " Glee " make songs almost instant hits because " they have already heard and liked the song by the time they download it . "
Paul Grein , who writes the " Chart Watch " column for Yahoo.com , agrees , seeing hope for the music business in the success of " Glee " and " American Idol , " which have helped spike downloads .
Despite the CD 's decline , Grein believes the format will be around for the foreseeable future .
" I think it 's becoming less of a mass - market item and kind of a niche product that caters to a small but loyal following , " he said .
" But there are enough cases where we are seeing albums that are selling in big numbers that I think they will be around for a while . "
Younger - skewing artists , such as singer - rapper Ke$ha , enjoy a larger slice of the digital pie than older - skewing artists such as James Taylor , he says .
Indeed , the format is n't the point , he said .
In 100 years , recorded music has gone from cylinders to shellac 78s to vinyl LPs to cassettes , CDs and now digital downloads .
Through it all , listeners still crave tunes .
" Music is definitely still in fashion , " he said .
" It 's all around us . "
As oil continued to pour into the Gulf of Mexico on a recent Saturday , Jennifer Wilkerson spent three hours on the phone talking about life after petroleum .
For Mrs. Wilkerson , 33 , a moderate Democrat from Oakton , Va. , who designs computer interfaces , the spill reinforced what she had been obsessing over for more than a year  that oil use was outstripping the world ’s supply .
She worried about what would come after : maybe food shortages , a collapse of the economy , a breakdown of civil order .
Her call was part of a telephone course about how to live through it all .
In bleak times , there is a boom in doom .
Americans have long been fascinated by disaster scenarios , from the population explosion to the cold war to global warming .
These days the doomers , as Mrs. Wilkerson jokingly calls herself and likeminded others , have a new focus : peak oil .
They argue that oil supplies peaked as early as 2008 and will decline rapidly , taking the economy with them .
Located somewhere between the environmental movement and the bunkered survivalists , the peak oil crowd is small but growing , reaching from health food stores to Congress , where a Democrat and a Republican formed a Congressional Peak Oil Caucus .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday that NASA Administrator Charles Bolden must have misspoken when he told Al Jazeera last month that one of his top priorities is to reach out to Muslim countries .
" That was not his task and that 's not the task of NASA , " Gibbs said .
Bolden , though , said last month in the interview that it was President Obama who gave him that task .
He made a similar claim in February .
The White House also backed up Bolden last week when his remarks first stirred controversy .
A White House spokesman last Tuesday said Obama wants NASA to engage with the world 's best scientists and that to meet that challenge , NASA must " partner with countries around the world like Russia and Japan , as well as collaboration with Israel and with many Muslim - majority countries . "
NASA last week walked back Bolden 's claim that Muslim outreach was the " perhaps foremost " plank of his mission , saying that Bolden was merely talking about his " outreach " responsibilities and that space exploration is still NASA 's No. 1 job .
But Gibbs on Monday appeared to deny that Bolden was asked to focus on Muslim outreach at all .
Asked whether Bolden misspoke , Gibbs said : " I think so . "
He said he was n't aware of Obama speaking to Bolden about his comments .
The Muslim comments were met with a wall of criticism last week from conservatives and former NASA officials who said that while Muslim - nation outreach is laudable , it should not be a NASA priority .
Bolden said in the interview that Obama told him before he took the job that he wanted him to do three things : inspire children to learn math and science , expand international relationships and " perhaps foremost , he wanted me to find a way to reach out to the Muslim world and engage much more with dominantly Muslim nations to help them feel good about their historic contribution to science ... and math and engineering . "
The Drug Policy Alliance ( DPA ) , in an article by Malik Burnett , MD , Policy Manager at DPA , and Amanda Reiman , PhD , Manager of Marijuana Law and Policy at DPA , titled “ Does Marijuana Use Cause Psychosis ? , ” posted on the DPA website on Aug. 28 , 2014 :
“ In regards to … cannabis use and the development of mental health problems , the best analogy for where the science is on this issue , is the chicken and egg question .
Research in this area shows a correlation between cannabis use and psychosis .
This means that the two situations are related , but it does not mean that one situation causes the other .
We know that people who have symptoms of psychosis are more likely to use marijuana , but we do n’t know which comes first , marijuana use or psychotic symptoms …
It is also important to note that the mental disorder of psychosis is extremely rare , with about 3 in every 100 people experiencing a psychotic episode in their lifetime .
The onset of psychosis , or similar disease processes like schizophrenia , usually begin in an individual ’s late teens to early twenties .
This generally also happens to be around the same time when individuals have their first exposure to cannabis .
The fact that these two time periods overlap is one of the reasons why it is so difficult to know which comes first .
There are several theories that attempt to explain the relationship between cannabis use and mental illness … :
The vulnerability theory : stating that cannabis use leads to the development of psychosis in people who have a family history of psychotic episodes .
The contributing cause theory : stating that cannabis use is one of many factors which leads to the development of psychosis .
The self - medication theory : stating that individuals who have psychotic experiences , use cannabis to self - medicate in advance of being formally diagnosed with a psychotic disorder .
Overall , the body of scientific literature has not been able to provide a definitive answer as to whether cannabis use causes psychosis .
Compelling arguments and data have been provided to suggest that those with a predisposition for mental illness can exacerbate those symptoms by using cannabis , however some fundamental questions remain .
Namely , if there is a direct link between cannabis use and psychosis , it should follow that the number of diagnoses of psychosis should rise with the increasing prevalence of cannabis use in society .
This phenomenon has not been established . ”
Aug. 28 , 2014 - Drug Policy Alliance
Germany rejects ' transfer bid ' for octopus oracle Paul Published duration 16 July 2010
A German zoo has turned down a " transfer request " from Spain for its star performer during the football World Cup - Paul the " psychic " octopus .
The cephalopod correctly predicted the outcome of all of Germany 's seven matches in the tournament , and also plumped for Spain to lift the trophy .
This made him an instant hero in Spain , and now Madrid 's Zoo says it wants to put Paul on display in its aquarium .
But Oberhausen 's Sea Life centre said there was no chance of Paul being sold .
" We 're very glad that Paul will stay here , " Sea Life spokeswoman Tunja Munzig said , adding that any other possible bids from abroad would be rejected .
Earlier , Madrid Zoo official Javier Diaz said the management was in talks with Oberhausen to see if the Germans wanted to exchange the 2.5 - year - old octopus for " one of the species we have here " .
" What they might need is coral or small sharks .
But if they do n't want any of that we might offer some money , " Mr Diaz said .
Honorary citizen
Ever since Paul predicted Spain 's triumph in the month - long tournament in South Africa , he has become a celebrity in Spain .
Fans watching last Sunday 's final in Madrid sported mini-Pauls on their T - shirts and squidgy replicas on top of their hats .
The octopus is already an honorary citizen of one Spanish town , and a summer festival in Paul 's name is being planned in the country .
Even Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero stepped in to offer protection , after bitter German fans threatened to eat Paul for predicting Germany 's defeat in the semi-final against Spain .
One Spanish fan said that Paul should replace the bull , which is often seen on Spanish flags .
" The octopus has done more [ good ] things than the bull , " the fan said .
Over the next few months , we are going to be rolling out a new release process to accelerate the pace at which Google Chrome stable releases become available .
Running under ideal conditions , we will be looking to release a new stable version about once every six weeks , roughly twice as often as we do today .
So why the change ?
We have three fundamental goals in reducing the cycle time :
Shorten the release cycle and still get great features in front of users when they are ready
Make the schedule more predictable and easier to scope
Reduce the pressure on engineering to “ make ” a release
The first goal is fairly straightforward , given our pace of development .
We have new features coming out all the time and do not want users to have to wait months before they can use them .
While pace is important to us , we are all committed to maintaining high quality releases — if a feature is not ready , it will not ship in a stable release .
The second goal is about implementing good project management practice .
Predictable fixed duration development periods allow us to determine how much work we can do in a fixed amount of time , and makes schedule communication simple .
We basically wanted to operate more like trains leaving Grand Central Station ( regularly scheduled and always on time ) , and less like taxis leaving the Bronx ( ad hoc and unpredictable ) .
The third goal is about taking the pressure off software engineers to finish features in a single release cycle .
Under the old model , when we faced a deadline with an incomplete feature , we had three options , all undesirable : ( 1 ) Engineers had to rush or work overtime to complete the feature by the deadline , ( 2 ) We delayed the release to complete that feature ( which affected other un-related features ) , or ( 3 ) The feature was disabled and had to wait approximately 3 months for the next release .
With the new schedule , if a given feature is not complete , it will simply ride on the the next release train when it ’s ready .
Since those trains come quickly and regularly ( every six weeks ) , there is less stress .
So , get ready to see us pick up the pace and for new features to reach the stable channel more quickly .
Since we are going to continue to increment our major versions with every new release ( i.e. 6.0 , 7.0 , 8.0 , 9.0 ) those numbers will start to move a little faster than before .
Please do n’t read too much into the pace of version number changes - they just mean we are moving through release cycles and we are geared up to get fresher releases into your hands !
Posted by Anthony Laforge , Program Manager
Alright so I have a hard - on for Computer Vision and Machine Learning , and I ’m pumped to be getting into it .
I ’m going to document my experiences learning OpenCV here , and eventually start some cool projects .
Please help me out , and provide some feedback !
Download
* NOTE : CMake is now the only method of building OpenCV SVN snapshots .*
* NOTE : Gijs Molenaar has now built OpenCV 2.1 packages for Ubuntu , bless his sweet little soul . *
$ sudo add - apt - repository ppa:gijzelaar / opencv2 $ sudo apt - get update $ sudo apt - get install opencv $ sudo apt - get install libopencv - dev $ sudo apt - get install python - opencv $ sudo apt - get install opencv-doc
Check here for more documentation on installing the Ubuntu packages Ubuntu Installation .
If you want to learn CMake , check my Getting Started with CMake tutorial .
There are a bunch of dependencies that I needed for reading and writing different image and movie formats .
I got them all in one fell swoop .
$ sudo apt - get install build - essential libgtk2.0 - dev libavcodec - dev libavformat - dev libjpeg 62 - dev libtiff4 - dev cmake libswscale - dev libjasper - dev
There was one of two things I could have done .
Download the stable up to date version of OpenCV from Source Forge .
Or my choice , get the cutting edge magic from Willow Garage ’s SVN .
( I ’m so gonna work there one day … )
$ sudo apt - get install subversion $ cd ~/where/you/want/opencv/installed $ svn co https://code.ros.org/svn/opencv/trunk
Installation
So next I just hopped into the opencv folder that I downloaded and as stated above used CMake to build it
$ cd opencv $ cmake .
The ‘ . ‘ arguement sent into cmake told it to look for the CMakeLists .
txt file in the current directory .
This generated the Makefile for me , so the last step I did was to simply build it .
$ make
Next I had to configure the library , so I opened the config file with the following command
$ sudo vim /etc/ld.so.conf.d/opencv.conf
Since I installed it on Linux I had to add the following line to the bottom of the file , which was empty for me …
Not a problem I guess .
/usr/local/lib
Then since I told it where to look for everything at and all the files had been built , I just configured it with the following command
$ sudo ldconfig
Lastly was a little icing on the cake , I put the extension of Intel ’s performance primitives package ( IPP ) into my . bashrc file .
I do n’t have the optimization primitives by the way , I just thought it ’d be nice to have this here in case I somehow become an OpenCV wizard and need them .
$ sudo vim /etc / bash .
bashrc
Then add this at the very bottom of the file …
/ PKG_CONFIG_PATH=$PKG_CONFIG_PATH:/usr/local/lib/pkgconfig export PKG_CONFIG_PATH
HUZZAH !
That ’s that .
Then I just reset my computer and got going on some OpenCV examples !
Yay !
Now check the next section on image handling – 2 . Basic Image Manipulation .
References
I ’m studying from Gary Bradski ’s Learning OpenCV
On a large scale , PlanetSolar is a multihull vessel topped by a large array of photovoltaic solar panels , constructed by Knierim Yacht Club , in Kiel , Germany .
Built in 14 months , the biggest solar boat ever built has impressive dimensions and is yet both silent and clean .
The boat is 31 metres long and is expected to produce up to 103.4KW of solar power , the engine needs 20 KW to achieve its top speed of around 8 knots .
The goal of PlanetSolar is to navigate around the world at an average speed of 7.5 knots .
The multihull will be home to four sailors during the round - the - world attempt expected to take place in 2011 , and can accommodate up to forty people during the promotional trips planned at each port of call .
SunPower has provided the 38 000 photovoltaic cells that cover the vessel .
Worldwide , boat builders are gearing towards conquering the seas with solar powered vessels .
The People 's Projects Foundation is aiming for the first solar circumnavigation using a unique solar boat with no sails or wind generators or fuels of any kind on board , not even for cooking .
The project is led by Anthony Howarth , a Cambridge graduate engineer and a communicator who since the 1980s has been investigating the practical use of solar power for transport .
He brings media and sailing experience as well as solar drive system engineering expertise to the project .
The solar circumnavigation is expected to take place in 2011 .
When the engine is not in use , the solar panels recharge the batteries to provide cruising for up to 8 hours without solar input ( depending upon the choice of batteries ) .
This is amply sufficient for a relaxing day on the sea .
Second generation lithium batteries that are safer and have better performance are also incorporated in the Lightning Car Company 's Lightning sports car , the KleenSpeed Technologies 200mph Formula
One car , the Hawkes Ocean Technologies Deepflight submarines , the PC - Aero pure electric aircraft etc. but even more powerful batteries will be welcome .
On a small scale Aequus 7.o is a 7 metre family boat , which sails silently at a maximum speed of 7 knots .
The engine draws its energy from the solar panels embedded in the retractable canopy , which also charges onboard lithium batteries if necessary .
In North America , the Tamarack Lake Electric Boat Company has launched the Osprey , a solar boat about 32 feet long that can carry up to 25 people .
The boat gets 100 % of its propulsive and auxiliary energy directly from the sun through the solar panels mounted on its roof .
This power is stored in batteries which in turn feed two electric engines , making the boat very manoeuvrable as well .
The Lake St. George Conservation Field Centre near Richmond Hill , Ontario , find the Osprey is the perfect solution to allow area schoolchildren to enjoy and study the lake without disturbing the wildlife any more than was absolutely necessary , and without damaging the environment .
In Turkey , a fleet of solar powered boats sail on Köyceğiz Lake and the Dalyan canals .
The boats do not create waves or ripples and therefore protect the shore and plants from erosion .
Creator Özay Akdoğan says the boats can sail for eight hours using batteries which store the solar power .
The perfect environmentally friendly solution .
Solar powered boats are becoming more popular with everyday boating people travelling short distances , but solar power is also used in boat racing .
The Frisian Solar Challenge is one of the largest boating competitions in the Netherlands where the judges will look at the design and construction of the solar boats , right up to the actual race .
The design of these solar crafts need to be ultra lightweight and very fast but also extremely strong to withstand the elements .
The international Frisian Challenge is set over five stages , and the boats will race a total of 220 km passing 11 cities and the 2010 race is currently underway .
The Private Energy Solarboatteam is the fastest solar boat at the first stage of the Frisian Solar Challenge covering 44 kilometers in 2 hours 15 minutes and 45 seconds ; boats that do not reach the minimum speed of 12 kilometers an hour are excluded from the race .
The Last Airbender is getting remarkably bad reviews .
When films are received this poorly , those with a morbid sense of curiosity are ask , " Why all the vitriol ? "
It 's kind of like those Internet videos of people viewing other Internet videos , such as " Two Girls , One Cup , " with the attitude of , " Oh , how bad could this really be ? " before they eventually realize their error , make a ghastly face , and leave the room .
To spare you this pain , we will attempt to answer any question you may have — and many that you likely wo n’t — about The Last Airbender .
Q : Is The Last Airbender the worst movie that you have ever seen ?
A : Are you asking if it 's the worst movie that I 've seen including flipping through channels at three in the morning on television , or movies within movies , like Good Will Hunting 2 : Hunting Season ( a clip of which was nestled within Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back and which actually looked decent ) ?
Or just movies that involve my getting off of my couch , walking into an actual theater , and watching the entire thing ?
Q : O.K. , let me rephrase , is this the worst film you 've seen that required your getting off of your couch , walking into an actual theater , and watching the entire thing ?
A : Yes .
Q : Worse than Jonah Hex , really ?
A : I really did n't think it was possible .
Q : Do you have something against M. Night Shyamalan ?
A : On the contrary .
I saw The Sixth Sense pretty early in its theatrical run and , like everyone else , I loved the film .
I tried dragging pretty much everyone I knew to see it with me again .
Not so much because it ’s a great movie the second time through .
More to just to hear “ The Sound " the audience made when , collectively , everyone discovered that Bruce Willis had been dead since the opening scene of the film .
( Wait , should I have put a spoiler alert there ?
Ah , too late . )
I loved Unbreakable .
For Christ 's sake , I even liked Signs .
So , no , I have nothing against Mr. Shyamalan .
Q : What 's an Airbender ?
A : Someone who can control the wind by doing some sort of Pilates - like body movements .
There are also Waterbenders , Firebenders , and Earthbenders .
Q : Why is there only one Airbender left ?
A : Because of something called the Avatar , who can control all four elements , and who is going to be reincarnated among the Airbenders .
The Firebenders , no fan of the Avatar , wipe out the Airbenders before Aang is discovered to be the Avatar .
( He was n't home when the genocide took place ) .
Q : Which is the coolest element to bend ?
A : I would say air , because you can create things like tornadoes .
Water is , by far , the lamest .
( It so happens that the entire film , which I guess is intended to be the first of a franchise , focuses on water ) .
It 's kind of like the power possessed by the lame Wonder Twin , Zan , on Super Friends .
His sister , Jayna , could turn into any animal she desired .
Zan , could only ever morph into something lame like an icy slide .
Q : So the only Airbender they did n't kill turns out to be the Avatar ?
A : Unfortunately .
If they had gotten him , it would have been a much shorter film .
Q : It does sound like there 's a pretty cool story in there , somewhere .
A : Yeah , you would think , right ?
Fans of the animated version would agree with you .
Q : Speaking of the animated version , was n't it called , Avatar : The Last Airbender ?
Why did they change the title ?
A : Obviously so it would n't be confused with the 2004 film , Avatar , starring David Warner from Tron .
I 've been told there 's another film of the same name that came out in 2009 .
Al Qaeda presence in Maghreb - Sahel " exaggerated "
Algerian troops defiling in the north © Afrodor / Wikipedia / afrol News
Researchers hold that the threat of Al Qaeda in the Maghreb and Sahel regions is willingly exaggerated by governments to legitimise strong armies , limited democracy and US military presence .
Researcher Muhammad Darif , in an interview with the UK - based ' Quds Press ' this week , confirms what many analysts have held earlier .
The so - called Al Qaeda in the Maghreb terrorist group is basically defined to Algeria and not a real threat to the region at large .
While Mr Darif confirms the existence of the terrorist group , he reminds that it is rooted in the Algerian civil war in the 1990s .
The Algerian Islamist terror group " Salafi Group for Preaching and Combat " in 2006 sought contact with Al Qaeda and in 2007 was admitted as a regional member group .
Rather than questioning the groups existence , Mr Darif told ' Quds Press ' the real question concerned " its size and whether it presents a threat to the existing regimes in the Arab Maghreb states or not . "
The Moroccan researcher rather downplayed the terrorist group 's regional size and presence , saying it was still mainly engaged in Algeria 's vast territory .
Only the strength of the Algerian army had led it to occasional border crossings .
Mr Darif told ' Quds Press ' that Algeria 's Al Qaeda group 's " forced presence " abroad further had benefited from " existing tribal contradictions .
Many cases of kidnapping of foreign nationals happened through tribal militias , which handed them over to Al Qaeda in return for huge amounts of money . "
Also , the talk about Al Qaeda establishing camps in several Sahel countries was a mere rumour , he said .
He further questioned who was benefiting from the exaggerations of the terrorist group 's size and impact .
Both regional governments and the US had an interest in this rumour , Mr Darif held .
" We know that many influential security and political agencies in the Arab Maghreb states utilise the card of terrorism , represented by Al Qaeda , for their own purposes , " he said , pointing to the external pressure for democratisation .
" The scattered terrorist operations in a number of countries " had been used to explain that security needed to have a higher priority than democratisation and human rights , he told ' Quds Press ' .
Al Qaeda in reality however not was threatening the balance of power in any Maghreb or Sahelian state , he emphasised .
Finally , also the US government had an interest in the Al Qaeda rumours , Mr Darif held .
In its ongoing efforts to re-establish a strong military presence in Africa , the perceived Al Qaeda threat strongly served to legitimise the establishment of new military bases in Africa among governments and the population .
Mr Darif is far from the first researcher to question the Maghrebi Al Qaeda group 's importance .
Earlier speculations have pointed towards Algerian authorities exaggerating Al Qaeda 's impact in their quest for US and international support .
More and more of the terrorist group 's alleged operations outside Algeria have been called into question during the last few years .
By staff writer
© afrol News
On the Afrol News front page now
Rwanda succeeds including citizens in formal financial sector
afrol News -
It is called " financial inclusion " , and it is a key government policy in Rwanda .
The goal is that , by 2020 , 90 percent of the population is to have and actively use bank accounts .
And in only four years , financial inclusion has doubled in Rwanda .
Read more -
It is called " financial inclusion " , and it is a key government policy in Rwanda .
The goal is that , by 2020 , 90 percent of the population is to have and actively use bank accounts .
And in only four years , financial inclusion has doubled in Rwanda .
Famine warning : " South Sudan is imploding "
afrol News -
The UN 's humanitarian agencies now warn about a devastating famine in Sudan and especially in South Sudan , where the situation is said to be " imploding " .
Relief officials are appealing to donors to urgently fund life - saving activities in the two countries .
Read more -
The UN 's humanitarian agencies now warn about a devastating famine in Sudan and especially in South Sudan , where the situation is said to be " imploding " .
Relief officials are appealing to donors to urgently fund life - saving activities in the two countries .
Panic in West Africa after Ebola outbreak in Guinea
afrol News -
Fear is spreading all over West Africa after the health ministry in Guinea confirmed the first Ebola outbreak in this part of Africa .
According to official numbers , at least 86 are infected and 59 are dead as a result of this very contagious disease .
Read more - Fear is spreading all over West Africa after the health ministry in Guinea confirmed the first Ebola outbreak in this part of Africa .
According to official numbers , at least 86 are infected and 59 are dead as a result of this very contagious disease .
Ethiopia tightens its already strict anti-gay laws
afrol News -
It is already a crime being homosexual in Ethiopia , but parliament is now making sure the anti-gay laws will be applied in practical life .
No pardoning of gays will be allowed in future , but activist fear this only is a signal of further repression being prepared .
Read more -
It is already a crime being homosexual in Ethiopia , but parliament is now making sure the anti-gay laws will be applied in practical life .
No pardoning of gays will be allowed in future , but activist fear this only is a signal of further repression being prepared .
Homeland Security Decides If It Just Keeps Interchanging Counterfeiting With Copyright Infringement , Perhaps No One Will Notice
from the keep - it - straight - now dept
Most recently , I was interested to read about the initiative undertaken by Immigration and Customs Enforcement , or ICE , to seize the domain names of Web sites that were unlawfully offering first - run movies .
That is exactly the kind of innovative thinking the Vice President called for -- and I am curious to hear from Assistant Secretary Morton on how it came about , the obstacles that you faced , and how we can scale Operation " In Our Sites " to enterprises that facilitate the theft of music , books and other products prone to counterfeiting .
Simply put , American business is under assault from those who pirate copyrighted material and produce counterfeit trademarked goods .
Criminals are stealing American ideas and products and selling them over the Internet , in flea markets , in legitimate retail outlets and elsewhere .
From counterfeit pharmaceuticals and electronics , to pirated movies , music , and software , these crooks are undermining the U.S. economy and jeopardizing public safety .
American jobs are being lost , American innovation is being diluted and the public health and safety of Americans is at risk -- and organized criminal enterprises are profiting from their increasing involvement in IP theft .
Intellectual property rights are intended to discourage thieves from selling cheap imitations of products , which are often far less safe or reliable than the original products .
Intellectual property rights also protect the actor , director , writer , musician and artist from having a movie , manuscript , song or design illegally sold by someone who had no part in the artistry of creating it .
This increase in access to the Internet , while of great benefit for global communication and commerce , represents a very real threat to America 's film and music industries .
Their products are extremely susceptible to Internet piracy , especially as bandwidth increases .
As a result of this growing concern , ICE counterfeiting and piracy investigations are increasingly directed to web - based criminals .
ICE has a legacy of engagement in IP theft enforcement -- stretching from our past years as U.S. Customs Service investigators to our present role as Homeland Security investigators .
ICE is a leading agency in the investigation of criminal intellectual property violations involving the illegal production , smuggling , and distribution of counterfeit and pirated products , as well as money laundering violations .
Representatives from the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) and RIAA assisted participating customs authorities with focused training , targeting and analysis ...
ICE is an active member of the U.S. delegation negotiating the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
The goal of ACTA is to work with other countries interested in promoting strong enforcement of IPR .
ACTA aims to strengthen legal frameworks to bridge existing gaps between laws and dedicated enforcement ....
Last month , the IPR Center launched Operation In Our Sites , a new initiative aimed at Internet counterfeiting and piracy .
On June 30 , more than 75 ICE agents participated in this enforcement action , which resulted in the seizure of assets from 15 bank , PayPal , investment , and advertising accounts .
Interestingly , as the new owners of the domain name , ICE has been able to determine the number of visitors these sites have received since seizures .
Within two days of ICE 's enforcement action against these pirating web sites , over 1.7 million visitors saw the banner .
This number is more than the daily total of " hits " the sites were receiving when they offered pirated movies and music .
In other words , the government 's warning banners have " gone viral , " and Internet users are actually seeking the web site out to view the banners themselves .
The resulting public education about pirating is a significant result of this enforcement operation .
The IPR Center recognizes that law enforcement cannot fight IP theft alone and we look to partner with private industry in our efforts .
In a market economy , no one has a greater incentive for protecting intellectual property rights than private industry .
Companies want to protect their investments in research , development , manufacturing , sales , marketing and product distribution .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
We already wrote about the recent Congressional committee hearings on intellectual property enforcement , where IP Czar Victoria Espinel blamed China .
However , there were other speakers there as well , and perhaps the most interesting was from John Morton , the assistant secretary of Homeland Security 's Immigration & Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) division -- the group that recently started working for Disney and seized a bunch of domains using questionable legal theories .
We 're still trying to figure out what the hell immigration and customs enforcement has to do with internet file sharing , and here was a chance to set the record straight .
In his opening remarks to the event , Rep. Howard Berman ( who has been called the Representative from Disney , so it fits that he 's happy that ICE now works for Disney ) highlighted how this operation was " innovative thinking . " ( pdf ) : Note the sly trick ( lie ) from Berman here : suggesting that copyright infringement and counterfeiting are the same thing .
You 'll see this quite frequently these days ( hello , ACTA ) , because it 's easier to show actual problems from counterfeiting -- and nearly impossible to show problems from infringement .
So by simply pretending they 're the same , everyone can pretend that the " harm " from infringement is much worse .
Note carefully that whenever anyone talks about the specific " harm , " it always relates to counterfeiting .
But when they talk about the " problem " they talk about infringement .
It 's amazing that no one calls them on this stuff .
Morton 's talk was basically anchored with this kind of deception .
You can read the whole thing here ( pdf ) or the embedded version below :
Let 's dig into some specifics :
And , we 're off , with a simple conflation of twodifferent things .
Counterfeiting and copyright infringement are not the same at all .
Except , of course , you cannot " steal " ideas .
And notice how the paragraph moves seamlessly back and forth between counterfeit goods and infringement .
If infringement on the internet is the real problem , then why are they talking about " health and safety " which has nothing to do with people watching movies online .
Furthermore , the whole " selling them over the Internet " may apply to counterfeit goods , but I thought the whole problem with content online is that people are n't " selling " it but giving it away for free ?
Why conflate the two unless your sole purpose is to confuse ?
Finally , the GAO just dinged the government for buying into bogus industry claims about " lost jobs " and diluted innovation .
So why is a government official repeating them ?
Please , let 's be clear : is designed to prevent consumer confusion over such imitations .
Copyright law is entirely different and is designed to create incentives that " promote the progress of science . "
But , again , Morton is carefully conflating the two , because it hides the weakness of the idea that Homeland Security has any role in dealing with internet file sharing .
While true to some extent , again , " sold " over the internet ?
Was n't the whole problem that all this stuff is available for free ?
You know , cars represented a very real threat to America 's horse and buggy industries .
Would customs officials have blocked automobile manufacturing as well ?
The job of Homeland Security is not to pick which technology wins or to protect the business models of some legacy companies within an industry .
And it 's not actually a " threat . "
It 's an opportunity for those who know how to embrace it .
Remember , the movie industry continues to do quite well -- and it was the one who claimed that the DVD business would kill it .
If this were a few decades back , would ICE be blocking all DVD imports because it represented a " a very real threat to America 's film industry " ?
After all , that 's exactly what the industry claimed , just as they are doing now .
Why does Morton and ICE simply believe it this time when the industry has been wrong every single time about technology threats ?
Sure , the role isto be about blocking counterfeit goods at the border .
That 's got nothing to do with file sharing online , so why dump it in there ?
Once again , we see biased industry players " training " government officials .
Given the " training " we 've seen both the MPAA and RIAA create for schools , why does it seem likely that they leave out certain important things ( fair use , anyone ? ) ?
Someone 's off message .
Remember , ACTA is n't supposed to be about changing legal frameworks or laws .
Please .
Be honest : it was aimed at piracy .
It had nothing whatsoever to do with counterfeiting .
And , um , also raising all sorts of legal questions about Homeland Security 's right to just seize domains .
On top of that , as many are starting to point out , just because you seize the domain name , it does n't mean you take down the actual site .
And , all this will really do is drive file sharers further underground .
You might want to ask those visitorsthey learned .
Because many learned that Homeland Security is focused on stopping file sharing , rather than important things like stopping terrorism .
People who are visiting those sites are n't suddenly saying " hey , wow , now I know it 's illegal and I 'll stop .
"
No .
They want to protect their .
They want to protect theguaranteed by the government .
It 's really quite scary how Homeland Security admits that it 's protecting the business models of certain industries over those of other industries .
This is not the role Homeland Security is supposed to be playing .
I have no problem with Homeland Security stopping legitimately harmful or faked products at the border .
That makes perfect sense .
But no one has explained what any of that has to do with seizing domains from file sharing sites .
Conflating trademark infringement and copyright infringement , and acting as if they 're the same thing , while highlighting the harm of fake drugs and then lumping in downloaded music and movies is extremely disingenuous .
It 's too bad our tax dollars are being used to prop up companies who refuse to adapt , and the lengths to which government employees will go to , in an effort to rationalize such blatant extension of their mandate in order to help out key companies .
Filed Under : copyright , government , homeland security , john morton , movies
In movies , comic books , video games and 80s videos , all street gangs are assembled around a loose theme -- like rollerblading , ancient Vikings , or love of classic opera .
And they 're all either constantly brawling in the streets after kidnapping somebodys girlfriend , or else dancing in them to help save the neighborhood rec center from an evil real estate agent .
Yes , in pop culture gangs are colorful , memorable , goofy and kind of awesome .
But reality , as it is so often , is a buzzkill .
Real gangs are not quirky or thematic at all ; theyre usually just poverty stricken youths with access to guns and a poor concept of the importance of life .
Notice I said " usually , " and not " always . "
Some gangs saw shit like the Baseball Furies and the Mad Gear Gang and said : " Fuck it .
We can top that . "
5 Sukeban : Japanese Schoolgirl Gangs
When you hear the words " schoolgirl gang , " your mind likely reels off half - remembered scenes from the kind of Cinemax movies they can only show at two in the morning , but they are very real .
In Japan theyre called Sukeban and theyre just like everything else in that country : adorable , confusing and potentially lethal .
Sukeban gang " colors " were always some variation of the sailor - style school uniform -- usually modified with patches , stencils and lengthened skirts -- and they often sported cartoonishly bright dyed hair and colored socks .
Does n't sound like Anime yet ?
Many reports even state that their weapon of choice was ... the Yo - Yo .
They could n't be more stereotypical Anime characters if one of them was a robot and the whole thing took place on a spaceship .
But then , if the Sukeban were an Anime , there 'd probably be thousands of them and the whole thing would be plagued with outlandish ultra-violence ... which it totally was !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" So long as basic logic works in this country , this is a non-threatening sight . " -
Last Words of Unfortunate Tourist
As for the ultra-violence : Minor slights against your Sukeban were punished with cigarette burns and beatings , while major trespasses were dealt with by lynching .
Lynching .
The Klan phased that shit out for being too hardcore , and even their slap on the wrist was a cigarette to the face .
And as for numbers :
The largest Sukeban was the Kanto Women Delinquent Alliance ; they were 20,000 members strong .
That 's not even remotely believable ; a mid-sized city comprised of nothing but vicious Asian schoolgirls and their deadly toys .
It sounds like something a pervert would make up in a bizarre fetish forum .
But it was , and is , a reality .
Prime Minister Julia Gillard is likely to visit Governor General Quentin Bryce tomorrow to set an August 28 election date , the ABC understands .
According to Labor sources , Ms Gillard is expected to visit Quentin Bryce in Canberra tomorrow morning .
But it is believed that the issuing of the writs will be delayed until next Wednesday to allow more time for people to enrol to vote .
The election campaign will be six weeks long .
Ms Gillard will travel to Brisbane , where there are particular concerns among Labor of a lag in youth enrolment in Queensland , after her visit to Yarralumla .
Ms Gillard has arrived in her electorate of Lalor in Melbourne after earlier visiting Tasmania on a whistlestop tour before the election campaign proper begins .
She has been forced to fend off questions over whether she reneged on a handover deal made with Kevin Rudd the night before he was toppled as Labor leader .
Speaking in Tasmania today , Ms Gillard reaffirmed her earlier statements that there would be a role in Cabinet for Mr Rudd if Labor were re-elected .
" If the Government is re-elected I will choose the ministry .
I have said that Kevin Rudd will serve as a senior minister in a re-elected Gillard Government .
That is my commitment , I will honour that commitment , " she said .
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has also been on the unofficial campaign this week , visiting electorates in New South Wales and Queensland .
Ms Gillard became Prime Minister just over three weeks ago after ousting Mr Rudd when his support among Caucus collapsed .
After taking on the prime ministership Ms Gillard sought to quell concerns over the legitimacy of her rise to power by promising that she would soon allow voters to go to an election .
She wasted no time defusing the stoush over the contentious mining tax by cutting a deal with the industry in the first week of her prime ministership .
However her efforts to solve the asylum seeker issue went awry after confusion over where a planned regional asylum centre processing centre would be .
Ms Gillard is yet to announce Labor 's plans to tackle climate change after the Government shelved its emissions trading scheme earlier this year .
Speculation has been high all this week that Ms Gillard was close to calling an election in order to capitalise on the bounce in the polls for Labor after she was installed as leader .
Remember the old Avis car - rental slogan ?
“ We ’re Number 2 .
We try harder . ”
That slogan came to mind when a reader , an iPhone app developer , wrote to let me know how hard Google , maker of Android , the No. 2 app phone software , is trying to woo iPhone programmers to write their apps for Android phones instead .
“ I ’m the developer of the Texts From Last Night app for the iPhone .
Anyway , I received an e-mail yesterday from someone at Google claiming to be in their Android Advocacy Group .
He basically said that he wanted to open a line of communication with me in case I chose to port the app to Android , and he offered to ship me a free Nexus One to play around with .
“ It shows that Google is actively recruiting developers to their platform , using the enticements of free hardware and open communication .
“ Contrast with Apple ’s approach : it took us about three months of resubmitting our app to Apple before they stopped rejecting it for inappropriate content .
And even now ( after we peaked at the No. 7 paid app ) , we still have no relationship with anyone there .
Huge difference in approaches between the two companies . ”
The new TOY STORY movie is coming out and if you live in the free world , you ’ve been inundated with commercials for the film , the Happy Meal boxes , the collectables , the clothing line , the comics , the books , the cakes , the fork lifts , the feminine hygiene spray and the video games .
As Bill Maher said last week “ we ’ve been promised so much , this movie better give me a real buzz and a real woody ” .
We all love toys , because we ’re all kids inside , especially the unrepentant kids out there who love comics .
( That gang is not - growing - up with an aggression that borders on psychosis . )
But we do n’t love all toys , because all toys do n’t deserve it .
Some toys are just so bizarre , so wrong - headed , so unholy that Winslow Schott would n’t play with them drunk .
If these toys came to life , we would run screaming from the room , looking for a gun .
These are …
THE SEVEN MOST AWFUL TOYS
and ACTION FIGURES in history !
#7-SPIDER-MAN TOILET LAND
I know Peter Parker has a shitty life and he sometimes gets all pissy about the way that fate treats him , but who thought that translated out to a toy line ?
Well , we ’re living in an age in which all our urination and bowel evacuation needs can be taken care of in a soft , nurturing , Spider - Man environment .
Cradle your family jewels in Spider - Man ’s mask to the left , until it ’s time to take them out to get them off to work .
Now with a choice of Spider - Man toilets to aim for ( below ) , you can admire your “ Spider - Man on the Toilet ” action figure ( above ) as inspiration and instruction .
And when you ’re done , Spider - Man toilet paper will bring you back to Aunt May , nice and clean .
There ’s no versions of these toilet / pooping toys for Spawn or Ghost Rider ( two characters easily crappy enough to warrant them ) , so it must be something they think ONLY Spider - Man fans might want .
Spidey fans , are you going to take that ?
#6- HULK SHOWER HEAD
When you ’re in the shower head business , you should figure out early you cannot license a super - hero character for your product .
There ’s simply nowhere for the water to come out of a human shaped shower - head that is n’t disgusting .
Any stream of anything exiting from below the belt is right out for most consumers ( except for the Belgians who delight in that sort of thing )
Which leaves you with a choice of a shower head that either cries , sneezes or spits - up its contents onto you while you bathe .
And when it comes to the Hulk , a steady supply of steamy water - vomit is just what I ’m looking for in a hygiene product for my bathroom .
“ Hulk Smash ! ” ?
I do n’t think so .
I say “ Hulk , relax away my troubles ! ”
#5-BATMAN SQUIRT GUN
Another in the theme of water streaming from the mouths of super - heroes .
I love this toy , and own TWO , and one of that pair will be one of the five things I ’m being buried with .
( Read my will for the other four , you vultures ) .
WHY IT ’S GLORIOUS :
When you “ pull the trigger ” ( which we all noticed is where Batman ’s penis would be ) liquid squirts jauntily out his mouth at an alarming pounds per square inch pressure .
That ’s a lesson to confuse the youngins , for in real life , that ’s not going to happen , unless you sack - punch someone who ’s chugging beer .
And even then , the likely result is more of a gush than a tightly directed stream …. and then , of course , more sack - punching , all around .
Either way , I can never “ pull the trigger ” with my Batman Squirter , for “ Wertham based ” reasons , so it rests on a shelf with my My Popeye Squirter , and my Donald Duck Squirter .
I know sailors do n’t shoot high pressure liquid from their mouths when you pull THEIR triggers , but I cannot speak with authority about ducks .
I ’ve never sack - punched a water fowl , and continue to be proud of that .
#4- PUNISHER “ SHAPE SHIFTER ” GUN
Obviously someone at TOY BIZ , saw the Batman / Popeye / Donald duck dick squirter guns and said “ We must top that . ” .
And they did .
We ’re so far past simple “ pulling the trigger ” dick jokes and well into Rocket Phallus , spread legged anal probe territory that I have to assume this entire thing was a cry for help from a toy designer deep “ in the bowels ” of the Toy Biz / Marvel / Legions of Satan organization .
It ’s not just that you can pose this figure in remarkably impolite ways all through the transformation process that makes this clearly - not - well - focus - tested product , such a delight
–
It ’s that the FINAL transformation may well be the most impolite thing ever done to a human doll since voodoo was invented .
But before we get to that grand funk finale , check out the awkwardly posed figure , second from the top on that set of blackmail photos running down the side , where Frank Castle is first introduced to “ harsh interrogation methods ” .
By the time it ’s all over , in final stage # 5 , he ’s been left in “ stress positions ” all night , and this is one toy ready to tell you whatever you want to hear , or take you dancing .
I hope it ’s a squirter pistol , ’ cause this whole thing is giving me a “ water board ” , if you know what I mean .
What self respecting child would ever hold this “ gun ” in his hands except to show the therapist where the inappropriate touching happened ?
#3- WEEPING PADME PREGGO TOY
If there ’s one thing a kid wants from an action figure it ’s ACTION !
And nothing says ACTION like a weeping pregnant lady all swollen up and ready to drop her puppies .
If you ’ve ever had a little sister or brother arrive in your life , kids , then you know the excitement THIS action mom is in for , over six months of sleeplessness , bloating , crankiness , and cracked nipples .
Add to that level of thrill , collectors delight that this toy ties into one of the three best prequels in the Star Wars saga .
BONUS ACTION POINTS :
The doll inside the package has clearly become so depressed that she ’s cut off all her hair in a deranged moment of self destruction .
Now with Post Partum Depression grip !
#2- DONALD DUCK VIBRATING RIDE
The people that work at Disney have a frustrating existence , I know .
The work long hours for meager pay , they ’re not allowed to grow facial hair , and they have all those lectures about the “ Articles of Zion ” to attend every Wednesday lunch .
And that explains the occasional dildo on the Little Mermaid Video Box :
or the odd Tigger assault on the children ,
but I have no explanation for this :
How did it get built ?
What designer approved it ?
Where can I find one ?
Sure , it vibrates like a bucking bronco , and it ’s our job to feed it the quarters while our daughter hangs on , but does Donald have to be LOOKING at her like that when she rides ?
And if you ’re going to teach youngsters how to “ Cowgirl ” , for god ’s sake instruct them on where to put their hands .
It ’s never holding onto the hat .
#1- WONDER WOMAN ACTION SCISSORS
Ah , Princess Diana ’s oddest collectable , and another of my prized collection .
The best you can say about it that at least she ’s not tied up .
It ’s still impossible to ignore the underlying message of this toy .
To make it work , you must pry Wonder Woman ’s thighs apart and quickly thrust them back together again , OVER AND OVER .
And what does it do while this is happening ?
IT CUTS THINGS OFF !
If there was any justice in the world , this is the weapon that street women carry in their boot to fight off evil johns who do n’t pay up .
Like a St. Christopher sculpture is used for the dashboard of your car .
But I think these are safety scissors , so you could n’t cut up your pimp with them at all .
Darn it .
IN CASE YOU’RE WONDERING WHERE THESE TOYS ARE :
I try to check my sources and facts at Art Land and discovered that the following toys turned out to be hoaxes .
As popular as they are on the inter - web , they do not exist in real life .
—
–
There are many other action figure and toy hoaxes , and to be honest , I ’m slightly dubious of the Weepin ’ Padme , but the following toy is real , you can look it up yourself .
It ’s the Britney Spears action figure , complete with car seat and lack of moral center .
From HEROBUILDERS .
com .
I think I ’m going to nominate Britney as our honorary # 9th most awful toy , but under no circumstances will I ever use the phrase “ MINT IN BOX ” to describe it .
That ’s it for today .
Join us tomorrow when SATURDAY MORNING CARTOONS will give away another hilarious webcomic for your freeloading enjoyment .
Until then , may you lick all your American made toys in a lead free environment and have a good afternoon .
Ty the Guy OUT !
To share post :
Paul McCartney is to receive one of the United States ' most important music awards , the Gershwin prize for popular song .
Stevie Wonder , Jack White and the Jonas Brothers will pay tribute to the former Beatle at the White House next month , in a concert presided over by President Barack Obama .
If giving McCartney another award seems a little like giving the sun a temperature prize , er , you 're right .
But the Gershwin prize is n't meant to honour the obscure and underrated ; it 's an accolade for the heavy - hitters , a PR showpiece , a chance to bring Elvis Costello and Corinne Bailey Rae face to face with Obama and the man who wrote Spies Like Us .
McCartney will perform at the event on 2 June , which will be televised on 28 July .
Artists such as White , Wonder , Costello , Bailey Rae and the Jonas Brothers will play some of Macca 's tunes , along with Emmylou Harris , Faith Hill and Herbie Hancock .
Jerry Seinfeld will provide " additional " remarks , hopefully in a " comedy " Liverpudlian accent .
Founded by the Library of Congress in 2007 , the Gershwin prize has only been awarded on two previous occasions , to Stevie Wonder and Paul Simon .
McCartney is the first recipient from outside the United States .
According to a release , the prize was judged by a panel including Jimmy Webb , Paul Simon and ASCAP president Paul Williams , and seeks " to honour artists whose creative output transcends distinctions between musical styles and idioms , bringing diverse listeners together , and fostering mutual understanding and appreciation " .
Something tells us this is code for " very , very , very famous singers " .
Librarian of Congress , James H Billington , described McCartney 's career without mentioning the Beatles even once .
" Sir Paul has been writing and performing for more than five decades – as a member of iconic groups and as a solo artist – in genres ranging from rock 'n' roll to classical compositions , " Billington said .
" He also has made an impact far beyond music through his humanitarianism and activism around the world . "
Hopefully that will be enough to keep Ringo from getting his hopes up .
The Libretto W100 's external hardware design is exactly the same as we described it in our original hands on -- it 's a cute little system , though a bit thick .
We 're still going to point fingers at its Intel Pentium CPU for the heat coming out of the top of the device , however .
The fan does seems to be working overtime , but the whole thing still gets rather toasty -- Toshiba assures us that this is one of the issues it 's rigorously working on .
The accelerometer does turn the device into a e-reader of sorts , but it took a few seconds to adjust the orientation .
It 's on the software front where we 've seen major improvements , and the two screens sure do seem to be working as more of a team .
To start Toshiba has put controls throughout the whole Win 7 OS -- on every window there 's two added controls to the left of the minimize button .
The first lets you extend the specific window across both screens , while the other moves the window either to the top or bottom screen .
Beyond those controls there 's also a home button on the right edge that brings up a shortcut menus on the bottom panel .
The software is fairly snappy and helpful for launching programs , making OS tweaks , etc .
However , for the most part we used the bottom screen as a keyboard .
As you 'll see in the video , Toshiba 's come up with six different keyboard options , but we 're preferential to the split one that allows for thumb typing .
In addition to the keyboards , there 's also a touchpad button that brings up a small touchpad area that functions just like a regular touchpad -- as ridiculous as it sounds to have a touchpad on a touchscreen , it 's actually pretty helpful if you want to dig through narrower menus .
So , what 's our overall takeaway after spending an afternoon with the W100 ?
It 's definitely working better than the model we saw a few months back , but even when it did work there 's not much you can do with it .
It 's neat as a web surfing device , but very few things take advantage of the two screens -- for instance , we 'd like to see a compelling e-reading app ( eh hem Toshiba Book Place ) .
In the end -- even if Toshiba gets all the hardware and software kinks worked out -- we 're far from convinced that there 's a place for the W100 in our lives for $ 1,100 .
Pink Injured During Performance in Germany ( PHOTO , VIDEO )
was rushed to a Numberg , Germany hospital on Thursday night after being dragged off the stage during a performance .
Two of her dancers incorrectly fastened her into a harness that she uses to do her aerial spins .
Her equipment malfunctioned immediately , dragging her off stage and onto a steel barricade in front of the stage .
After a few minutes she leaped back up onto the stage , though it was apparent she was shaken and injured .
She was taken to a hospital for treatment of her injuries .
She ' tweeted ' : " Did n't get clipped in 2 harness correctly , drug me off stage , fell in2 barricade . "
Sometime later she sent another message : " Nothings broken , no fluid in the lungs , just seriously sore .
I made that barricade my b*tch !!!
Thanx Numberg . "
Carey
Hart provided a followup ' tweet ' : " Already out of the hospital and all good .
Just got the s*** kicked out of her by the barrier . "
Check out the accident video and her statement afterward on the second video below :
According to a highly placed source of ours , Verizon Wireless is currently testing Apple iPad devices on their network .
We have been told that the model they are testing is a CDMA - compatible device , and while our source mentioned LTE in some capacity ( possibly another model ) , we have n’t been able to independently confirm that part of it .
It would appear like the gates of heaven have opened , as we ’re probably going to see not only an iPhone but also iPad on Verizon very soon , huh ?
Jonathan Geller is the founder of Boy Genius Report , now known as BGR , and one of the biggest tech & mobile destinations in the world .
BGR was acquired by leading digital media company PMC in April 2010 and Jonathan is President and Editor - in - chief of BGR Media , LLC .
Jonathan was named to Forbes ' coveted 30 under 30 list in 2016 , and frequently appears as a commentator on news channels such as CNBC , Fox News , ABC News and Bloomberg .
PhysOrg.com Android App QR code
( AP ) --
It used to be that the only time you 'd notice a bar code was at a store , maybe when a cashier scanned your groceries .
But lately bar codes are showing up in more places around town - and getting more sophisticated .
You might have seen one cousin of the traditional bar code : Known as a QR code , this jumble of little squares randomly arranged within a larger square is popping up on everything from bus stop billboards to restaurant windows .
If you spot one and snap it with your cell phone camera , the device can show you a website , photo or video related to the advertiser .
For example , Google Inc. is giving businesses stickers with QR codes that passers - by can scan .
That brings up a link to a mobile version of a Google page where the business can post coupons and information about themselves .
Soon the codes could lead to other avenues for connecting with customers in ways businesses can measure and control .
That could help them target advertisements to the people who are most likely to respond to their entreaties .
Earlier attempts to get consumers to scan bar codes that link with the Web did n't get much traction .
The 1990s brought the CueCat , which let publishers append their printed material with bar codes that people could scan with a handheld reader if they wanted to be taken directly to related information on their computers .
The QR code ( short for " quick response " ) also was released back in the '90s by Japanese scanning equipment maker Denso Wave Inc .
What has changed now , though , is that consumers are increasingly engaging with their mobile devices for more than making phone calls , texts and checking e-mails .
And smart phones can easily download scanning applications that make it possible for product codes to leap from store shelves to the wider world .
The bar code on your box of cookies encodes a string of numbers horizontally that a bar code reader matches with information from a central database .
That 's how the supermarket scanner identifies the product you 're buying .
These other codes , such as QR codes , can represent data horizontally and vertically .
That means they can include much more information in a smaller space , and some of them can tell the scanning app on your phone all it needs to know about which website or video to pull up , without needing to consult a database .
It 's unclear how many of these codes are out there , but potentially billions could be created .
Google has been using QR codes since late last year to help promote hundreds of thousands of businesses in its local listings service , known as Google Places .
The company has sent the businesses decals for their windows that say , " We 're a Favorite place on Google " and include a QR code at the bottom .
The idea stemmed from Google 's desire to have more of a physical presence with businesses and consumers , says Ryan Hayward , a product marketing manager for Google Maps who is heading the rollout of QR code stickers .
For now , the codes lead to the mobile version of a business ' page on Google Places .
Eventually , Google might use the technology to pull up videos and lead to application downloads , Hayward says .
QRs are n't the only two - dimensional codes that could catch on : Since March , movie ticket site Fandango has allowed some filmgoers to get tickets on their phones in the form of similar - looking " Datamatrix " codes .
The on - screen code is then scanned at the theater .
Users do n't need to have smart phones for this to work .
Ted Hong , Fandango 's chief marketing officer , says the company wanted to try the service because more and more people are accessing Fandango on their phones .
And similar mobile ticketing efforts have worked outside the U.S .
For now , the new ticketing option is available at only a handful of theaters , all run by Reading Cinemas , in states including California , New York , Texas and Hawaii .
For a wider rollout , more theaters would have to invest in handheld scanners that are different from the ones they already use to scan traditional bar codes on tickets that consumers buy from Fandango and print at home .
Those bar codes wo n't fit on some phone screens , which is why Fandango is using the Datamatrix codes , Hong says .
Michael Surtees , 32 , a Web designer who recently tried Fandango 's new ticketing method in New York , says it was more convenient than printing a ticket at home because he always has his iPhone on him .
He also has found himself scanning QR codes he sees around the city .
In some cases it 's just easier for him to scan a code and get to a Web site than it would be to manually enter the address in the iPhone 's browser .
Beyond that , he likes that each new code offers a bit of mystery .
" At this point , there is certainly the unknown of what you 're going to get by scanning it , " he says .
Even traditional bar codes are becoming more useful through mobile apps .
A new company called stickybits encourages consumers to download a cell phone application that lets them link videos , music and pictures to everyday bar codes like the one on a can of soda .
For example , using a phone running Google Inc. 's Android operating software , I scanned the bar code on a bottle of moisturizer on my desk and used my phone keypad to add a silly message : " Yay , moisturizer ! "
Later , when I scanned the code on the same bottle , the phone showed that someone in Atlanta had scanned another bottle of the same product ( which would have the same bar code ) , and augmented my message with a picture of her presumably well - moisturized left hand .
Sure , there 's no huge point to this , beyond whimsy and the chance to trumpet your opinion about a product .
However , Stickybits envisions that businesses would pay the company to use its service to create large numbers of codes with specialized content .
Billy Chasen , stickybits ' founder , says the idea arose because he wanted to use phones to bridge the gap between the digital and physical worlds and let people see what others are thinking about objects .
Chasen says stickybits decided to make use of the traditional bar codes because people are familiar with them .
Even so , Stickybits ' app will work with QR codes as well .
That means you can attach your latest YouTube masterpiece to any QR code and others who are also using stickybits ' app would be able to find it in the wild .
Chasen also imagines people putting stickybits bar codes on business cards and resumes to link to videos of themselves .
" I could n't see why there should be any reason for this gap between the digital and the physical world , " he says .
" The digital world is so useful to us . "
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Older adults with low levels of vitamin D appear more likely to experience declines in thinking , learning and memory over a six - year period , according to a report in the July 12 issue of Archives of Internal Medicine , one of the JAMA / Archives journals .
An estimated 40 percent to 100 percent of older adults in the United States and Europe are deficient in vitamin D , according to background information in the article .
This deficiency has been linked to fractures , various chronic diseases and death .
Vitamin D may help prevent the degeneration of brain tissue by having a role in formation of nervous tissue , maintaining levels of calcium in the body , or clearing of beta- amyloid , the substance that forms the brain plaques and tangles associated with Alzheimer 's disease .
David J. Llewellyn , Ph.D. , of University of Exeter , England , and colleagues assessed blood levels of vitamin D in 858 adults who were age 65 or older when the study began in 1998 .
Participants completed interviews and medical examinations and provided blood samples .
At the beginning of the study and again after three and six years , they repeated three tests of cognitive function -- one assessing overall cognition , one focusing on attention and one that places greater emphasis on executive function , or the ability to plan , organize and prioritize .
Participants who were severely deficient in vitamin D ( having blood levels of 25 - hydroxyvitamin D of less than 25 nanomoles per liter ) were 60 percent more likely to have substantial cognitive decline in general over the six - year period and 31 percent more likely to experience declines on the test measuring executive function than those with sufficient vitamin D levels .
" The association remained significant after adjustment for a wide range of potential confounders and when analyses were restricted to elderly subjects who were non-demented at baseline , " the authors write .
However , no significant association was seen for the test measuring attention .
" If future prospective studies and randomized controlled trials confirm that vitamin D deficiency is causally related to cognitive decline , then this would open up important new possibilities for treatment and prevention , " the authors conclude .
Editorial : Randomized Controlled Trials Needed to Examine Vitamin D's Role
" Vitamin D has been known for many years to play a critical role in skeletal health , such that very low levels of this hormone ( less than 20 nanomoles per liter ) can cause osteomalacia , a disorder of impaired bone mineralization , " write Andrew Grey , M.D. , and Mark Bolland , M.B.Ch.B. , Ph.D. , of University of Auckland , New Zealand , in an accompanying editorial .
" More recently , observational studies have reported inverse associations between levels of serum 25 - hydroxyvitamin D , the metabolite that best reflects overall vitamin D status , and the risk of a wide range of disease , including cancer , vascular disease , infectious conditions , autoimmune diseases , osteoporosis , type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity . "
" The results of these observational studies have prompted calls for widespread treatment of individuals with low levels of vitamin D and the establishment of public health programs aimed at raising the population levels of vitamin D to ' healthy ' values , " the authors write .
" It is now time to test the various hypotheses generated by observational studies of vitamin D , including that of Llewellyn et al , in adequately designed and conducted randomized controlled trials , " they conclude .
" Very importantly , such trials will also provide an opportunity to systematically assess potential harms of vitamin D supplementation , an issue that has been largely overlooked or dismissed .
We should invest in trials that provide the best possible evidence on the benefits and risks of vitamin D before we invest in costly , difficult and potentially unrewarding interventional strategies . "
Strain Name : Great White ( G.W. )
Grade : A-
Type : Hybrid – Sativa Dominant
Looks :
Has a pale green tint to it with a good mix of light and pale orange hairs , it also has a great covering of crystals giving it a semi white tint
Smell :
Has a sweet yet some what earthy smell to it , once you break it open it has a very nice mix of wild flowers and Poppy
Taste : very clean and smooth , there is little to no expansion , has a mild flavor of chlorine on the finish though
Effects : I found the effects to be very up lifting and I felt fairly motivated .
I also had no headache or any mild pain
Potency : 1 to 1.5 hr
Area : MI
Reviewed by : Antimatter
Huh .
Here I was , thinking the only way to stop nations from unloading their cargo is to murder nine people , wound dozens , and imprison hundreds more .
Turns out , you can do it in a totally peaceful manner .
Hundreds of peace activists prevented the unloading of an Israeli ship at the Port of Oakland Sunday by forming a picket line .
Organizers said their goal was to delay the ship ”s unloading for 24 hours in protest of the Israeli military ” s
May 31 open - seas raid on a humanitarian aid flotilla that had been bringing goods to Gaza .
The raid ended in the death of nine Turkish citizens .
Unless , of course , you consider drum circles an open act of hostility , an opinion to which I ’m highly sympathetic .
However , these folks seemed okay , and more importantly , they won despite being a pack of dirty liberal hippies .
April 3 , 2007 : Do n't swim in Congo River
" Do n't swim in Congo River , " is the only information on the post that OynxCougar just sent along .
I do n't like to run these sort of blind items , where we do n't know the full story .
But it does n't look like a hoax in any case .
Just to be sure , I have now ruled out swimming in even a swimming pool , in any of the countries where this river flows , as well as all natural bodies of water that are connected to the Congo in any way .
What the hell is that ?
Quote : The Mercenary Originally Posted by What the hell is that ?
I can't figure out what kind of fish it is , but dammit SG , you had me googling for " moustache fish . "
That 's one of the scariest things I 've ever seen !
And he 's holding a big fish too !
Google says it 's a Goliath Tigerfish .
Damn beat me to it , I just found Tigerfish .
http://www.africanfisherman.com/goliath_tiger.htm
Quote : The Mercenary Originally Posted by What the hell is that ?
I wanna know how they ended up with it out of the water ...
Quote : Kitsune Originally Posted by Hopefully not the fish that swims up your urethra when you piss while swimming in the river .
Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez .
The love child of a bass and a worm from the movie Tremors .
Those are some respectable teeth , no doubt .
I wonder how strong the jaw is , those guys have their fingers in its mouth holding it open .
It 's probably dead .
Thanks guy's ,
Thank you very much indeed , here I am sweating , pretending to look for the best car - insurance ( In a vain attempt to block out the girlfriends nagging about that same subject ) I decide to waste some time here on the cellar , I click : " open the cellar in a new tab " and go to the kitchen get a cup of coffee , girlfriend saunters over to the computer , innocently clicks the tab , and that picture comes up .
LOL !
Yeah , they have a catfish that has sharp fins that go one way that will swim up your penis and cannot come back down because the fins get " lodged " .... this fish does not scare me nearly as much .
It has been described by adventurers as " the worst thing you can imagine " .
If I were to swim in the Amazon I 'm wearin ' protection .
Holy ...
Wow , what a fish ... and I had never heard anything about that catfish you were speaking of , rzkenrage .
Anyone got a link or information on that ?
Candiru '
or Vampire catfish
Not to be confused with a Giant Golden tiger Fish .
Holy crap .
I 've never even had a catheter in me , let alone a goddamn fish .
Yikes !
One of the links says ... " get 's along with anything too big to eat . "
What does this thing get along with , and elephant ?
Lends new meaning to the term , ' get a mullet up ya '
That fish is EVIL !!!!!!!
Quote : zippyt Originally Posted by
That fish is EVIL !!!!!!!
That fish is EVIL !!!!!!!
Then why do n't YOU go skinny dipping in that river and report back to us .
I'm .......ummmm...... doing ........... something ....
But I thought it was a SWEET fishy ??!!
How about this , I 'll do it if you do it .
No you first ,
jesus .
reminds me of my ex-girlfriend .
and i bet the blowjobs would be of similar quality , too .
now who wants a blowjob from a fish ?
Dirty mind .
I was thinking of when a girlfriend transforms into a monster and yells .
Maybe 1.5 months ago , a Brit started a swim the entire length of the Amazon River .
That one also has some mean predators .
Any word as to how he is doing ?
Or did his fate terminate the story ?
Hmmm .. and I thought the Barracuda was a nasty piece of work .. ..
http://www.freediver.net/iusa/display_record.php?id=158
tw - The guy doing the Amazon marathon swim is a Slovenian .. and he 's nearly there .
He started Feb 1st , and is only a few days away from finishing .
I thought he was swimming in a towed cage .. but apparently he 's only using a heavy duty wetsuit ..
His website is high tech , and full of pics and videos ..
http://www.amazonswim.com/main.php
Quote : Shawnee123 Originally Posted by Damn beat me to it , I just found Tigerfish .
Quote : Aliantha Originally Posted by now who wants a blowjob from a fish ?
Quote : zippyt Originally Posted by No you first ,
Who are you arguing " you first " over , Britney or Paris ?
Quote : xoxoxoBruce Originally Posted by Not to be confused with a Giant Golden tiger Fish .
It may not be old , I do n't know how fast they grow .
What is taboo for one culture is tradition for another .
Many places all over the world will experience agonizing rites of passage in order to prove their faith , dexterity and maturity , even at the risk of extreme pain .
The dreadful sensation is worth it , considering the perks that come with passing an initiation .
Generally , girls become women and are now ready to marry , while boys evolve into men , eager to be treated as adults and be considered valuable members of the community .
These are just some of the most painful initiation rites ( in no particular order ) .
This list is definitely not for the squeamish .
10 Sepik Scarification
The tribes living along the Sepik river in Papua New Guinea have used the tradition of scarification to mature their boys into men for decades .
The ceremony requires the youth to be cut along his back , chest and buttocks in elaborate patterns , to mimic the coarse skin of a crocodile .
It is thought that this reptilian divinity consumes his youth during the bloody process , leaving behind a man in his place .
Before he can be treated as a man , though , the boy is subjected to humiliation in a ritual that can take weeks .
In fact , the boys are referred to as women and regarded that way in order to psychologically toughen them .
The scarification , parallel to the taunts , strengthens them physically because it requires a vast amount of discipline to go through the ritual , withstanding hundreds of cuts .
The raw wounds are cleaned after the scarification is complete , but the pain endured continues for days as their bodies heal .
?
9 Naghol – Land Diving
In the South Pacific Ocean , on Pentecost Island , tribe members construct a tower 60 to 90 feet ( 20 to 30 meters ) high made from the trees surrounding a clearing .
Rocks and wood are removed from the ground and the soil is tilled before the tower is built .
The rickety structure is then used as the world ’s most extreme form of bungee jumping , with only two vines and faith supporting a diver .
The ritual is done to ensure the yam harvest that year will be successful ; the higher they dive , the better the harvest will be .
It ’s also thought to strengthen participants spiritually , as they take the leap of faith .
While it ’s not required to dive , those who do are revered in the community and seen as true warriors .
After all , to dive means to sacrifice your life for the tribe .
They embrace the possibility of death during the initiation ; it ’ll be like taking one for the team .
Boys around seven and eight ( once they are circumcised ) can participate , and they ’re considered men after they survive the fall .
The risks are obvious .
Divers are prone to concussions , broken hips and necks , and that ’s if the vines do n’t snap ( and if they do n’t impale themselves ) .
If the vine is measured correctly , the only pain a diver will experience is the sudden harsh pull at his ankles once he drops , a painful feeling which will stay with him for days .
It ’s common to see tribe members ’ heads hit the ground after a jump but for the most part , they survive unscathed .
?
8 Okipa Ceremony
The Okipa ceremony of the Mandan Indians opened with a Bison Dance , followed by a variety of torturous ordeals through which warriors proved their physical courage and gained the approval of the spirits .
The Okipa began with the young man not eating , drinking , or sleeping for four days .
They are then led to a hut , where they had to sit with smiling faces while the skin of their chest and shoulders was slit , and wooden skewers were thrust behind the muscles .
Using the skewers to support the weight of their bodies , the warriors would be suspended from the roof of the lodge , and would hang there until they fainted .
To add agony , heavy weights were added to the initiate ’s legs .
After fainting , the warrior would be pulled down and the men ( women were not allowed to attend this ceremony ) would watch the warrior until he awoke , proving the spirits ’ approval .
After awakening , the warrior would sacrifice the little finger on both hands , each finger being severed by the initiate with a hatchet .
Finally , the warrior would be taken outside where he would run around the central plaza of the village a number of times .
[ Source ]
7 Roman Infibulations
Speaking of penis , the ancient Romans also had their own initiation method .
Infibulation is the process of suturing the foreskin .
Using string or a metal clasp , the foreskin was closed and the penis was drawn to the side .
Most infibulations were self inflicted .
This was done for several reasons .
For singers , infibulations helped keep their voice through the years .
It also was thought to capture and retain gladiators ’ might and vitality .
In some cases , an exposed penis was thought to be vulgar , especially the head of the penis , so infibulations were done to show modesty and restraint .
For the purpose of this list , youths were exposed to the process to keep them from masturbating , and to abstain from sexual intercourse .
It was a show of maturity to suture your own foreskin .
6 Mentawai Teeth Chiseling
Female Mentawaians of Sumatra experience an agonizing practice known as teeth chiseling .
Local shaman sharpens a crude blade as best he can to make the chiseling as least painful as possible .
The young girl is given nothing to numb the feeling in her mouth before he takes a rock and begins to hack away .
Using careful strikes , the blade carves the corners of the teeth , leaving behind pointed ends similar to shark teeth .
To finish the process , her teeth are filed to achieve the desired shape .
This is done to young girls because it is believed to make them more attractive .
It ’s also said that sharpened teeth please the spirits the tribes believe in , and bring balance to a female ’s life .
It ’s an old tradition the Mentawaians have been following for years , but the practice is n’t as common anymore .
Today , it ’s up to the girl to decide if she wants her teeth chiseled to become beautiful .
5 Xhosa Male Circumcisions
It ’s a celebration when a boy has the opportunity to become a man , for the Xhosa people of South Africa .
The abakwetha ( male initiate ) is shaved , and he ’s given a feast , before being taken to the mountains where a hut is built for him by his family .
The hut will be his home for the next several weeks , so it ’s fortified to keep insects and animals away ( primarily to protect from disease ) .
Without any preparation , the surgeon appears and conducts the circumcision .
The foreskin is removed , often with a dull blade , and the boy is left alone .
He takes refuge in his hut where he cannot eat or drink water until he ’s healed .
The risk of infection is high .
The blade alone , which is used on multiple boys transitioning into men , can often carry STD’s .
One of the big fears of the boys going into the procedure is news of previous abakwetha that have been hospitalized because of the circumcision .
4 Fulani Whip Match
The Fulani people , from Benin , have been living nomadically in West Africa for years .
For their boys to be considered men , they must endure a tormenting bloody whip match that will test their strength , self - control and bravery .
The initiate picks a long stick and sharpens it in a way that will guarantee the most painful blow with every whip .
Once he has his weapon , clans from all over gather for the ceremony , where two youths are pitted against each other .
His goal is to hit his opponent the hardest , and wince the least when he ’s struck .
Three blows are exchanged between each boy .
The crowd decides who has shown the most courage through the ordeal , and he is the winner of the match .
3 Sabiny Female Circumcisions
Girls of the Sabiny tribe , in Uganda , go through genital mutilation to achieve womanhood .
The pain that comes with the tradition is part of the experience that ca n’t be matched .
If she can survive the ordeal , she proves herself strong enough to endure any , and all , obstacles that she may face the rest of her life .
Female circumcisions are complete when the clitoris is partially cut or completely removed .
The Sabiny believe this will make a woman faithful to her husband , and keep her from sexual promiscuity .
Infection and likeliness of death is high .
This , among other health complications , are just part of the tradition that a woman must withstand to prove herself .
2 Blood Initiation
Papua New Guinea is n’t know just for the crocodile scarification ritual as seen earlier in the list .
Deep in the highlands , an equally gruesome rite of passage exists .
The Matausa believe that if a boy does n’t complete the blood initiation , he may suffer the consequences his entire life .
He will never be seen as a real man , and he wo n’t experience the vigor and strength that the others have .
That ’s why boys are eager to go through the initiation , regardless of pain , to become warriors .
In order to do this , they must cleanse themselves of any remaining female influences left in them from their mothers .
First , they must slide two thin wooden canes down their throats to induce vomiting several times to empty their stomachs .
Afterward , a collection of reeds are inserted into the initiate ’s nose to further expel bad influence .
Finally , they must endure repeated stabbings to the tongue .
This bloody ritual thus purifies them , and they are truly men afterward .
1 Bullet Ant Glove
The Brazilian Satere - Mawe tradition , that makes young boys into warriors , has become notorious in recent years .
Explorers , adventurers and documentarians flock to the Amazon to catch a glimpse of what is considered to be one of the most painful rite of passage on Earth .
What makes the initiation so torturous ?
The culprit is the bullet ant .
According to the Schmidt Sting Pain Index , the bullet ant has the worst known insect sting .
A single sting is comparable to being shot with a bullet ( ergo the name ) .
The intense pain lasts a full 24 hours , and can lead to vomiting , nausea and cardiac dysrhythmia .
And that ’s all from one sting .
The Satere - Mawe do n’t use just one ant .
Employing natural sedatives , more than thirty bullet ants are submerged in the liquid drug until they are unconscious .
A glove weaved from leaves is fashioned and then completed by placing the ants in the tight openings , stingers pointed inward .
Once they are conscious , they struggle to free themselves from the weaving , growing increasingly anxious and desperate by each passing second .
The boy being initiated has his hands coated in a thin layer of charcoal before slipping on two bullet ant gloves .
He must endure their stings for ten minutes .
The goal is to keep from screaming or showing signs of weakness .
He and the tribe members present chant and dance to take his mind off the pain .
Once the ritual is complete , he will suffer from the stings for days but he ’s one step closer to being a warrior ; this process must be repeated an additional 20 times in the following months for it be officially complete .
Much of his appeal lay in the fact that he always seemed to be a resolutely ordinary man catapulted into extraordinary circumstances .
Even his birthplace has an absurdist Ringo - ish charm to it – the Dingle .
He worked as a barman on the Mersey ferry and as an apprentice joiner before , in 1962 , John Lennon sought him out at Butlins in Skegness , where he was playing in a group called Rory Storm and the Hurricanes , and offered him the job with the Beatles .
The pay was £ 25 a week , on the condition that he shave off his beard and brush his hair forward .
He was , however , allowed to keep his " sidies " .
Documents of Mass Destruction
There ’s a good reason why history teachers — and I am one — assign our students primary source material :
The distinctive sound of that voice , from that place and that time , offers us an insight , or an intuition , that explanation alone cannot afford .
If you want to know war , read soldiers ’ letters home .
Or watch Restrepo .
Or plow through the clotted acronyms of the 92,000 incident records from Afghanistan unearthed this week by WikiLeaks .
What is it that this vast trove of raw material tells us that we did n’t know before ?
Already it has become a truism that the documents add little that is new , at least for those few people who spend all their time thinking about such things .
And yes , the intelligence data reproduced there is second - or third - hand , and often comes from a single , generally unreliable source .
And Julian Assange , WikiLeaks ’ founder and one - man band , views the war as a criminal enterprise and leaked the documents to " prove " it .
( I heard Assange speak earlier this year , and I practically gagged on his smug self - righteousness . )
All that is true , and yet the documents matter , for much the same reason that televised images of the Vietnam War or the civil rights struggle mattered .
They will make many people feel in their bones what they merely knew , or perhaps did n’t know at all , before .
This , in turn , will darken — indeed , already has darkened — the debate .
The revelations will not force President Obama ’s hand , but they will narrow his options .
What the documents " say " will depend in part on how readers experience them .
I first encountered them in Monday ’s New York Times .
This was very , very clever of the diabolical Mr. Assange .
Unlike the clip of Iraqi civilians mistakenly killed by a helicopter gunship that WikiLeaks released earlier this year , the Afghanistan documents are too massive , and too cryptic , to be self - explicating .
The primary material had to be filtered , and rendered meaningful , by a trustworthy secondary source — i.e. , America ’s newspaper of record .
The Times ’ twin headlines offered a brutal summation : " Pakistani Spy Unit Aiding Insurgents , Reports Suggest , " and " Unvarnished Look at Hamstrung Fight . "
What the documents said — or rather , what the Times said the documents said — was , " It ’s even worse than we thought . "
I then spent some time paddling in the vast sea of WikiLeaks ’ dedicated webpage in order to encounter the material directly .
This proved slightly bewildering .
I could n’t even find any of the damning material on Pakistani intelligence , since none of the documents are coded that way .
Selecting documents according to the category to which a soldier in the field assigned it — " murder " or " enemy action " — only served as a reminder that the overwhelming majority of events in a war are confusing , open - ended , inconsequential .
The one thing that stood out was the enormous number of documents coded " blue - white " — coalition forces encountering civilians — or " green - green " — Afghan security forces encountering one another .
Here were the sickening consequences of the fog of war .
The most user - friendly format I ’ve found so far is a list of 300 " key incidents " compiled by the Guardian and laid out in a spreadsheet .
The guideposts allow the reader to discern meaning in the mass .
Here ’s Incident 85 , coded as " enemy action " : " Dutch direct fire on an apparent enemy target in support of a village under Taliban attack ended tragically .
Four villagers engaged in the fight to defend Chenartu were killed and another seven wounded .
The Dutch have launched an official investigation and have engaged in a proactive public relations campaign to prevent political fallout here and in the Netherlands .
Although the decision to fire was justified , the danger is that , having had this action go awry , they will hesitate in the future with negative consequences for security in the province . "
The Hobson ’s choice :
Go hard and risk killing civilians , enraging both Afghans and the home front , or go easy and give the Taliban free rein .
Another theme is Afghan security forces fighting one another , not by accident but on purpose : " On 21 May 08 at approximately 1700L an ANP soldier at a bazaar got into a fight with two national defense soldiers ( NDS ) .
The ANP returned to the ANPP HQ Compound to retrieve his AK - 47 . "
The intelligence officials had a heavy machine gun mounted on their vehicle , and in the ensuing firefight the police officer was killed .
" Primary focus was separating the two and creating a truce between ANP and NDS leadership . "
Other such incidents lead to civilian casualties as well .
Then there ’s the notorious material about the ISI , Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence directorate .
Some reports sound loopy , but others seem highly plausible , both to the reporting officer and to the reader : " Credible reporting dated 22 Mar 08 , indicated attacks against civil engineers and workers building roads in NIMRUZ Province are being planned .
In one particular case , it was reported that the ISI ordered Serajuddin HAQQANI to eliminate Indian nationals working in AFGHANISTAN , in exchange for amounts between 15,000 and 30,000 USD .
According to the same report , TB are also planning to kidnap doctors , officers ( NFI ) , engineers and labourers who work on the roads between ZARANI and DELARAM . "
Each incident is questionable ; it ’s the cumulative effect that is devastating .
And this is true as well of the reports of civilian deaths at traffic checkpoints , or incompetence and corruption on the part of Afghan security forces .
In days and weeks to come , readers will be encountering this material in a million different formats , cross-indexed by degree of stupidity or brutality or absurdity ; there ’s bound to be an iPhone app before long .
The documents will infiltrate the way Americans , and of course the Dutch and everyone else , think about the war .
People who view the conflict as a form of neocolonial gangsterism will probably find enough material to vindicate their bias , but a more honest reading will show that the terrible things that have happened are largely the consequence of a war fought against a brutal and deeply entrenched insurgency in a country inured to violence .
Indeed , one reason why " we learn nothing new " from the documents is that , unlike in Vietnam , senior military and civilian officials have been open about the failures , even when minimizing their scope .
The war that emerges from the documents does n’t look evil , but it does look almost impossible .
I recently had a conversation about counterinsurgency theory with Andrew Exum , the former Army officer turned counterinsurgency expert and advocate ( whose own view of the documents is very different from mine ) .
Exum pointed out to me that one of the leading texts on the subject , a 1964 tract by French officer David Galula called Counterinsurgency Warfare : Theory and Practice , argues that the ideal setting for a COIN effort is an island , where counterinsurgents can control the battle space like scientists in a laboratory .
" The worst place , " Exum said , " is a landlocked country surrounded by bad neighbors . "
Afghanistan , of course , is that place .
No matter how successful you are , you can never control the battle space .
An intelligence service on the other side of the border can keep undermining your best efforts , stoking and protecting the insurgency .
The WikiLeaks documents offer raw proof for this general proposition .
So should we leave ?
Should we shift to a more modest counterterrorism strategy with fewer troops and lower expectations of nurturing a stable government in Kabul ?
Even before WikiLeaks , this was rapidly becoming the new default position ; jumping off the COIN bandwagon has itself become the new bandwagon .
Maybe it ’s sheer contrariness that keeps me from accepting this view .
I hope not ; I think it ’s rather the sense that allowing the Taliban to occupy and move freely around much of Afghanistan would have very bad consequences for U.S. national security .
But American policymakers have less time than they had before to show success , and they have yet more public skepticism to overcome .
Just as Obama must persuade Afghan President Hamid Karzai to open up political space , move against corruption , and decentralize power , so he must persuade Gen.
Ashfaq Kayani , Pakistan ’s recently reappointed chief of army staff , to end the ISI ’s double game .
Maybe he ca n’t do either one .
Then he should accept reality , and stop trying to do what ca n’t be done .
The FRANKLIN SCANDAL is the story of a nationwide pedophile ring that pandered children to a cabal of the rich and powerful .
The ring ’s pimps were a pair of political powerbrokers who had access to the highest levels of our government .
Nebraska legislators attempted to expose the network in 1989 and 1990 , but the legislators ' efforts were followed by a rash of mysterious deaths and the overpowering responses of federal and local law enforcement , including the FBI and Justice Department , which effected an immaculate cover - up of the trafficking network .
The publisher is donating 50 % of the book ’s proceeds to organizations that assist abused children .
About The Author
Nick Bryant 's writing has recurrently focused on the plight of disadvantaged children in the United States , and he ’s been published in numerous national journals , including the Journal of Professional Ethics , Journal of Applied Developmental Psychology , Journal of Social Distress and Homelessness , Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved , and Journal of School Health .
He is the co-author of America ’s Children : Triumph of Tragedy , addressing the medical and developmental problems of lower socioeconomic children in America .
He has also contributed a chapter on child trafficking to Global Perspectives on Dissociative Disorders : Individual and Societal Oppression , a book addressing various facets of dissociative disorders that features chapters from an international group of psychiatrists and psychologists .
Additional Publications on Child Trafficking
Nick Bryant has contributed a chapter to Global Perspectives on Dissociative Disorders .
USA Today magazine , Jan. 2012
Sexual Abuse 's Second Shame
by Nick Bryant
Interviews
Nick Bryant , author of " The Franklin Scandal " and Dr Lori Handrahan , humanitarian and author of Epidemic : America ’s Trade in Child Rape , discuss the latest in the Epstein and Franklin scandals .
Nick Bryant on the radio discussing how the Penn State pedophilia scandal relates to The Franklin Scandal .
Nick Bryant on WBAI Talk Back
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Fox ' News ' Judge Andrew Napolitano Says Bush , Cheney ' Should Have Been Indicted ! ' "
( 23 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 7/12/2010 @ 4:58 pm PT ...
Absolutely right , and the more people pointing it out , the better .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 7/12/2010 @ 5:02 pm PT ...
Brad , I was especially intrigued by Judge Napolitano 's statement that " Vincent Bugliosi has , amassed an incredible amount of evidence .... "
Judge Napolitano is referring to Bugliosi's work in The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder in which Bugliosi argues that state court 's have jurisdiction for the murder of its citizens who served and died in Iraq by reason of Bush having lied to Congress and the American people in order to initiate that war of aggression .
Bugliosi argues in the book that there is no statute of limitations for murder ; that Bush , Cheney et al therefore continue to face criminal jeopardy -- this despite President Obama 's refusal to hold the Bush / Cheney cabal accountable for their alleged crimes with the nonsensical , we can only look forward and not back .
Imagine how different the political outlook would have been for today 's Democratic Party if Obama had ever really intended to bring " change we can believe in " by way of ( a ) the immediate end to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , ( b ) restoration of the rule of law by immediate trials not only for those detained on nothing more than suspicion but of those who ordered their torture , ( c ) single - payer healthcare , ( d ) a defense of ACORN against the scurrilous right wing attack , ( d ) meaningful media reform that rolls back corporate consolidation and control of the airwaves , ( e ) fundamental changes in energy policies in which solar , wind , geothermal and wave power would replace carbon - based policies , and ( f ) a bevy of truly progressive policies designed to end corporate control of our politics and our economy .
Instead , we 've not only experienced a betrayal of " change we can believe in " with respect to policies but with regard to the rule of law where many have , for example , continued to languish in the very unlawful detentions that Judge Napolitano now rightly condemns Bush and Cheney for .
And because progressives in Congress caved , time and again , to the Obama sell out , they now face the prospect of a possible loss of control of the House as the woefully uninformed are taken in by the same billionaire funded movement that brought us the lawless , Bush / Cheney cabal and economic disaster .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... David Swanson said on 7/12/2010 @ 5:36 pm PT ...
and he 's wrong about lying not being a crime
it is a felony to lie to Congress
i know you remember this one , Brad :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/5
And of course he leaves out lots of other felonies
http://tinyurl.com/27q3nra
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 7/12/2010 @ 5:49 pm PT ...
talk is cheap , nothing will come of this .
Its becoming clear that depending on who does the crime in America only the victims pay .
Look at the death of JFK , his brother , Iran - Contra , OJ , Gary Webb,911 , Raymond Lemme , Iraq and Afghanistan .
No criminal pays .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 7/12/2010 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
" WMD claims were lies says former envoy "
Then the next site I visit has this ... " Britain was taken to war in Iraq on the basis of “ lies ” , scaremongering and deliberate exaggeration , a former UK diplomat told the Iraq inquiry .
Carne Ross claimed that Britain and the United States privately did not believe that Iraq 's weapons programmes posed a “ substantial threat ” before launching the 2003 invasion . " http://www.independent.c...ormer-envoy-2024868.html
You know what will happen now that the truth is " out " ... NOTHING !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/12/2010 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
I read Bugliosi's book in summer ' 08 - the argument for prosecution , indictment , conviction , was made clear .
The fact that Napolitano waits until now , 2 years later , makes his motives highly suspect ( I do n't know what they are , but is he actually trying to get A's .
G. to bring a case , or is he just trying to make a buck ? )
Is n't this the same Napolitano that Shep Smith just called out for some bullshit or other regarding BPs culpability ?
I believe Bugliosi said he would offer his full legal expertise pro bono if some AG somewhere would move the case forward .
Is Napolitano making the same offer ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... cdt3 said on 7/12/2010 @ 10:43 pm PT ...
... mick said on 7/12/2010 @ 5:49 pm PT ... talk is cheap , nothing will come of this .
Its becoming clear that depending on who does the crime in America only the victims pay .
Look at the death of JFK , his brother , Iran - Contra , OJ , Gary Webb,911 , Raymond Lemme , Iraq and Afghanistan .
No criminal pays .
Well of course no one will pay because it is all the same person who did them all .
George HW
Bush worked in the CIA while owning war / oil / Wall street / banking contractor since the 50s .
You also forgot that he impeached Nixon for ending Vietnam and killed JFK ( or Marilyn as a warning shot ) , RFK , and MLK .
GHWB has bought everyone including selling Dianne Feinstein a defense contractor to get her vote in 2004 .
You also forgot that he impeached Clinton for not going after Saddam or now Gore also or that he had bribed Nancy Pelosi with a picture of her in a lesbian photo to stop the investigation ( Brad ran that ) .
Or the fact that I saw a picture of Obama on the front page of the same rag that busted Clinton with a picture of a girl Obama slept with for 1 days .
Obviously a message to Obama that they have dirt on him aswell .
GHWB does have paid informants everywhere in thge government .
All the wars have benefitted GHWB financially since the WW2 .
How will it get done ?
Bush 's father was a guy named Prescott who made his money off Hitler during WW2 and bribed his way to senator .
Until they hang we are going to continue to have wars for Bush / Cheney gain .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 7/13/2010 @ 12:25 am PT ...
easy ta say that now , Possum Puss !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 7/13/2010 @ 12:33 am PT ...
Looks like Fox News will be looking for a new legal analyst --- one who supports torture and mass murder .
Does anybody know what Alan Dershowitz is doing these days ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... mr.ed said on 7/13/2010 @ 6:33 am PT ...
Uncle George was right .
TV 's like a sewer .
Every once in a while , a diamond ring pops out .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Selby Anderson said on 7/13/2010 @ 7:56 am PT ...
Anyone who has picked up Nation of Sheep , an idictment of the USA Patriot Act by the same Andrew Napolitano , knows he is a principled civil libertarian who believes in the rule of law .
Some of his policy views are wingnutty in a Rand Paul way , but to his credit he never seemed to fit in with the neocon tribe at FOX Noise .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... TWood said on 7/13/2010 @ 8:48 am PT ...
When I first read this I thought he said these things on Fox .
That would have made some loyal viewers heads explode or at least triple check the channel they are on .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... nader paul kucinich gravel mckinney said on 7/13/2010 @ 9:12 am PT ...
Lies The Government Told You
by
Andrew Napolitano
interviewed by
Ralph Nader
on
C SPAN
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Emilio said on 7/13/2010 @ 9:55 am PT ...
And the corporate media periodically reinforces the biggest lie we 've been told to years : that 9/11 was a terrorist attack .
If it was a terrorist attack then why the hell was there not a full and complete , publibly aired , investigation ?
And why were the twin towers demolished after the Port Authority refused to allow the fast deteriorating towers to be leveled ?
And why was a 47 storey tower housing the SEC and other Federal Agencies leveled ?
And why was Bush and his puppet master Cheney allowed to speak in private with the white - washing 9/11 commision whilst not under oath nor were note taking allowed ?
Was it really national security , or was it a gigantic CYA for the neocon criminals .
Obama has hitched his wagon to the wrong train , his refusal to change course and prosecute these out - and - out criminals will damage him and he 'll be seen as part of the problem .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Kushner said on 7/13/2010 @ 10:41 am PT ...
Contract up for sure !
This is shocking to hear from Napolitano !
Trouble is , if we lock those two up , we might as well lock up everyone who takes these offices , what a mess !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... KatieB said on 7/13/2010 @ 12:37 pm PT ...
You might , however , want to take note that none of this has changed since Obama was elected .
In fact it has been vigorously defended as policy .
Guantanamo moves to Bagram , otherwise unchanged .
Everything else ?
Still in place .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 7/13/2010 @ 1:05 pm PT ...
A sad clue as to how little this will impact our national discussion / action taken is the fact that the Book TV piece with Ralph Nader interviewing Judge Napolitano was actually aired on June 2 .
In a sane world there would have been headlines in all the leading " news " papers the nest day , endless commentary on cable , etc .
I assume , Brad , you saw this on Rawstory yesterday .
Not sure how it could languish in the ether for forty days and forty nights but is is telling .
And it does make my constant battle against pessimism even tougher still .
I agree with some others , if we really want criminals to see justice we must confront and expose the Mother Lode : 911 Truth .
If you accept that challenge it means getting out from in front of your computer however .
Making contacts in your community w / like minded people .
Getting in the streets .
And telling ALL your friends , family , co-workers about the overwhelming evidence for inside job .
We cannot count on the likes of Katie Curic to inform our fellow citizens , even as they expect she would .
Not even the almost palatable Rachel and Keith are allowed to broach the Mother Lode , We really must become the media , now .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/13/2010 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
CamusRebel said : I assume , Brad , you saw this on Rawstory yesterday .
Not sure how it could languish in the ether for forty days and forty nights but is is telling .
And it does make my constant battle against pessimism even tougher still .
No .
Actually , we had it up before RAW did .
I was pointed to it by a reader who caught ThinkProgress ' posting of it to YouTube before TP even had it up on their blog .
( Added the hat - tip to TP after they finally got their version up ) .
I had checked , before publishing here , with C - SPAN for when it had aired , to make sure it was n't old .
Their listing , as linked in the original article above , shows that it aired on July 11th --- which was presumably the first time .
Not sure where your source of June 3 was ( not that I doubt you , was just unaware of it ) .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Nagle said on 7/13/2010 @ 3:14 pm PT ...
Andrew Napolitano can kiss my ass !
Leave Bush and Cheney alone !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 7/13/2010 @ 5:30 pm PT ...
Joe Nagle , dude , how did you even get here ?
Did you take a wrong turn at Albuquerque ??
I think you were looking for fascistbootlickers.com Brad , following the link @ Crooksandliars for the story took me to the CSPAN video archive where the date says 6/2/10 .
9B41D
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... David Norton said on 7/13/2010 @ 11:33 pm PT ...
Obviously most readers here follow their orders and refuse to watch FoxNews so that they are unaware that Judge Napolitano has ALWAYS and vociferously opposed the Patriot Act and has accused us of violating our own laws by using torture .
( Among other violations of the laws and Constitution )
And rather than being in danger of being fired by Fox , Fox has given him his own hour - long show , Freedom Watch , every Saturday on the Fox BUSINESS channel at 10 AM , which repeats later that day then twice on Sunday .
Tune him in to hear more of the same defense of the Constitution and limited government .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - Pa said on 7/14/2010 @ 2:26 am PT ...
There 's no orders David .
It 's called mutual disgust .
Mutual disgust at the lies and fabrications allowed to pass as " news " and " news opinion " by the Fox personalities , Megyn Kelly , Hannity , Beck , O'Reilly , et el ...
It 's not the conservative slant .
We could live with conservative slant as long as it's done with honesty and integrity .
But neither of those exist at Fox . No ..." orders " per se , we just find Fox 's lies to be disgusting .
I hope that clarifies things for you .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... StewartIII said on 7/18/2010 @ 7:14 pm PT ...
Tired of hitting refresh
to check for new stuff ?
Enter your email address
and be notified when we post :
Warning : beyond this point , spoilers reign
Shutter Island is no impenetrable art - house enigma : it 's an old - fashioned noirish thriller that ends with a massive plot twist .
As such , you might have thought it would have been easy to understand .
In fact , since the film was released in March , the blogosphere 's been awash with debate about what actually happens in the final scene .
Martin Scorsese 's film is based on a best - selling novel by Dennis Lehane .
The book 's protagonist , Teddy Daniels , who 's apparently a US marshal , turns out to be Andrew Laeddis , a demented killer .
He 's a patient in a mental hospital who 's been encouraged by his psychiatrist to act out his delusion in the hope that this will dispel it .
The role play fails : after a brief recovery , Andrew relapses into insanity and is therefore taken off to be lobotomised .
The film 's been described as faithful to the book , and many cinemagoers seem to have assumed that it 's telling the same story .
Leonardo DiCaprio's
Teddy does indeed turn out to be Andrew .
However , before he falls into the clutches of the lobotomists , he utters a line that is n't in the book .
" This place makes me wonder , " he asks , " which would be worse – to live as a monster , or to die as a good man ? "
For some , this is to be seen as no more than the rambling of a madman .
Others , however , take it as meaning that Andrew 's only faking his relapse .
His unusual treatment 's made him aware of the terrible thing he 's done : guilt has therefore engulfed him , and he 's deliberately getting himself lobotomised to escape it .
These two versions of what the film means could hardly be more at odds .
Yet Scorsese has n't chosen to indicate which is the right one .
Nor has DiCaprio .
Perhaps the latter is n't sure himself .
He found his role traumatising , and told an interviewer : " I remember saying to Marty , ' I have no idea where I am or what I 'm doing . ' "
Lehane is credited as one of the film 's executive producers , so you might think he at least would know what 's going on .
Sadly , even he does n't seem wholly certain : he explains that he stayed out of the scripting process .
When pushed , he tries to reconcile DiCaprio 's gnomic inquiry with his own original story .
" Personally , I think he has a momentary flash , " he suggests .
" To me that 's all it is .
It 's just one moment of sanity mixed in the midst of all the other delusions . "
As it happens , just how to end the film was much debated by those more directly involved .
One of these was Scorsese 's psychiatric adviser , Professor James Gilligan of New York University .
On a visit to the location where most of the film was shot , the now - abandoned Medfield state hospital in Massachusetts , I asked the professor what was really supposed to be happening .
His answer was clear cut .
Andrew does indeed choose his fate .
According to Gilligan , those cryptic last words mean : " I feel too guilty to go on living .
I 'm not going to actually commit suicide , but I 'm going to vicariously commit suicide by handing myself over to these people who 're going to lobotomise me . "
Gilligan says that people who kill others in the way Andrew has do n't realise what they 're doing at the time .
If treatment returns them to their senses , guilt may then overwhelm them .
For Gilligan , the correct reading is important .
Shutter Island is set in the 1950s .
During that era , severe mental disturbances were often dealt with physically .
In America , more than 40,000 patients were lobotomised over a 30 - year period .
However , progressives were pushing for the replacement of such methods by less ruinous remedies .
Andrew 's doctor ( played by Ben Kingsley ) is one of these .
His role - play experiment is a test case .
If it works , non-invasive treatment will have proved itself .
If it fails , the lobotomists ' position will be reinforced .
This debate shows some signs of being rekindled : growing understanding of brain physiology is reawakening interest in tinkering with its workings .
Gilligan , however , is firmly opposed to this trend , and keen to see psychosocial treatments defended .
Shutter Island the book shows such a treatment failing .
The film , according to Gilligan , shows it succeeding , at least in dispelling delusion .
A second look at the film suggests that Gilligan 's reading must be right .
In his final murmurings , DiCaprio is clearly trying to act as if he 's acting .
After uttering that last line , he leaps up and strides purposefully into the midst of the waiting lobotomists ; they do n't have to jump him .
So why all the mystery ?
Why were n't things just made a little bit clearer ?
Perhaps we can guess .
According to Gilligan , " Martin Scorsese said this film will make double the income because people will have to see it a second time to understand what happened the first time . "
So Marty at least may have known what he was doing .
Shutter Island has already become his highest - grossing picture to date .
• Shutter Island is available to buy on DVD & Blu-ray on August 2 from Paramount Home Entertainment .
Watch a behind the scenes clip here .
Apart Homes -
The better alternative to a hotel
Premium accommodation in Bucharest 's prime central locations .
Over the years we have earned and maintained a reputation for excellence by offering everything from first class accommodation to individually customized services .
A wide variety of apartments in the city center and residential areas provide you with a better alternative to a hotel .
The apartments are located in Bucharest 's best areas : MAGHERU , DOROBANTI , VICTORIEI , AMZEI , BELLER , NORDULUI .
Corporate and personal accommodation in Bucharest .
Since 1999 we 've been offering top accommodation solutions for diplomats from the Austrian , Canadian , Korean , Finnish , German , Japanese , Spanish , Swedish , Swiss , Greece , Indonesian , Egyptian , US and UK Embassies , as well as consultants from AVIVA , Bancpost , BRD Groupe Societe Generale , Bridgestone , Colgate - Palmolive Ernst & Young , Esilicon , Genpact , Groupama , ING Barrings , Makita , RMGC , Oracle , Orange , Philip Morris , Renault , Samsung , Softwin , Toyota , Vodafone , Intel , Skanska , BSI Group , FCC Construction SA Barcelona , from which you can always get references about us .
Your privacy is guaranteed !
24/7 check - in and check - out Maid services twice per week Minibar upon check - in
Services included in the rental price
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China will this month start building a nuclear plant in the southern region of Guangxi , with a plan to start up the first reactor in 2015 and a second in 2016 , the China Daily reported on Tuesday .
The newspaper quoted Lou Yun , a spokesman for China Guangdong Nuclear Power Holding Corp , as saying the State Council , China ’s cabinet , had approved the project on July 15 .
The power station at Fancheng would have six 1,000 MW pressurized water reactors , the report said , two more than previously reported .
The first phase of two reactors would generate about 15 billion kWh per year and may cost about 24 billion yuan ( $ 3.54 billion ) , it said .
The newspaper cited unnamed analysts as saying the first phase would cut coal consumption by 6 million tonnes and , compared with a coal plant of similar scale , would emit 14.8 million tonnes less carbon dioxide and 136,400 tonnes less sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide .
( $ 1=6.778 YUAN )
Mike Modano may be heading home .
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock told NHL.com on Friday that he firmly believes the Michigan native will sign with Detroit .
" This is a no - brainer for Mike Modano -- the highest scoring American player of all time to come back to your hometown , play in Hockeytown , " Babcock said , according to the Website .
" It 's not about the cash , it 's about the legacy and the fit .
He 'll fit and he 'll be excited to play .
I look forward to him signing .
I think that 's inevitable .
I think that 's what is going to happen . "
I asked my mom to explain why there were legitimate grounds for objecting to the removal of a sacred painting from the Boulder Shambhala Meditation Center , when everyone in Buddhist community loves to say , “ Everything ’s impermanent ! ”
Which is true .
She mentioned ‘ tantra , ’ or thread , and I asked her to write it up .
Here ’s her answer , in full .
~ed .
Tibetan gyu-d but the “ d ” is n’t really pronounced means thread , continuity , lineage , tantra .
As in Ka-gyud , Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche ’s “ Kagyu ” Buddhist school or lineage — but of course he was also Rimé ( unbiased lineage ) and started the Shambhala lineage in the West .
From the most absolute level , gyud refers to the continuity of awareness .
Our basic awake good nature is always present , it ’s everywhere .
Similar to how some Christians talk about God — it ’s not external .
It ’s not internal , for that matter , either .
Actually , it was the first question I ever asked Rinpoche .
It was at the Crazy Wisdom Seminar in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , in ’ 72 and I went up to him after the talk and asked him what tantra was .
I had only been a closet Buddhist , studying Hinayana and Mahayana Dharma up until that moment , and was lost in his presentation of Padmasambhava ’s “ tantra . ”
[ In Tibetan Buddhism , there are three “ turnings ” of the wheel of Dharma , or truth — the first two are Hinayana , Mahayana , and the third is Vajrayana or tantra .
Padmasambhava was the great Indian Buddhist who first brought Buddhism to Tibet ~ed . ] .
But most of Trungpa Rinpoche ’s students present already seemed to know the meaning .
I felt like a very shy “ newbie ” and well , I think the story was written up in Chronicles ages ago .
Yeah , from the Hinayana point of view everything is impermanent and change is a given .
But then that makes things like human birth and Dharma even more precious .
From the Mahayana point of view , there is nothing that has a self - entity … if you break time or particles down you can never find a unique moment or , well , even quarks have strings .
And it goes on an on .
But this discovery of empty - entityless phenomena is not emptiness — see my last lojong article , as Buddha Nature , basic goodness pervades everything .
Thus form is important — and that ’s why Trungpa Rinpoche valued ikebana and oryoki and spent time making shrine design for the West ( no butter lamps , simplified , use glass and photos in frames ) .
And then in the Vajrayana there is gyud , tantra , the continuity .
We remember the lineage , which in the Kagyud tradition begins with Vajradhara and continues through the Karmapas to this day .
It ’s worth appreciating that and maintaining that connection .
I do n’t know why things cannot be added without things like the Vajradhara thangka being taken away .
I do n’t think there ’s any way for this Rigden thangka to be as empowered as that Vajradhara .
~ Linda Lewis
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 2/7/2010 ( 3743 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Premier Greg Selinger unveils a copy of the Magna Carta in the Legislative Building today .
With the premier is Madeline Slaven , from the University of Oxford , who accompanied the Magna Carta to the city .
A copy of the Magna Carta is in Winnipeg .
Premier Greg Selinger unveiled it today at the Manitoba Legislative Building .
A copy of the " Great Charter " signed by King John in 1215 is considered part of the foundation of constitutional law in the English - speaking world , was recently on display in New York .
There are many copies of the Magna Carta , but only four considered to have been made at the time of the signing have survived .
The document is in Winnipeg to coincide with the Queen ’s visit Saturday .
Its arrival fits with her dedication of the cornerstone of the new Canadian Museum for Human Rights at The Forks .
The stone comes from Runnymede , the English meadow where King John signed the Magna Carta .
It will likely be on display in the legislature for three months -- the longest allowed -- and it's possible the Queen might take a short detour to see it .
The Queen will also help plant a shrub next to Government House during one of her two main public walkabouts .
Her other major public appearance is at The Forks , where she 'll be serenaded by Winnipeg chanteuse Kreviazuk , the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra and many others at an outdoor concert .
The Queen will also be the first person to arrive at the new Richardson International Airport terminal .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper will be dropping in on Saturday to escort Queen Elizabeth through The Forks .
Sources say the prime minister will walk with the Queen across the Esplanade Riel foot bridge and accompany her as she inspects a model of the Canadian Museum of Human Rights and dedicates its cornerstone .
The PM will then sit with the Queen and Prince Philip in their royal box at the Scotiabank stage as they are entertained by local artists before the Queen ’s speech .
Hegre -Art.com is the personal works of award winning photographer Petter Hegre .
Hegre - Art.com is the highest ranked fine art nude photography site in the world .
Created to bring superior quality nude photography to the internet , Hegre - Art.com showcases films and photos of the most beautiful naked girls found anywhere on - line .
Previous Avedon assistant and voted Photographer of the Year at the Erotic Oscars in London , Petter Hegre is acknowledged as a new force and major influence on contemporary nude photography .
Petter Hegre has published 5 books of nudes and exhibited internationally .
Take the Hegre-art.com FREE tour with 100s of stunning nude photos and film samples .
As an exclusive member you can browse a new Petter Hegre erotic gallery every day and a new erotic film every week .
So if you 're looking for an erotic experience that will thrill you , inspire you , and affect you deeply , this is your site !
Come inside and see why Petter Hegre is the undisputed master of the nude .
Top Government officials and the Irish Police have advised the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Micheal Martin , to expel an Israeli diplomat that they suspect was involved in forging Irish passports for a Mossad hit squad .
Britain and Australia have already expelled Israeli diplomats that they suspect were involved in forging passports for an Israeli hit squad .
The Mossad hit squad consisted of up to 30 individuals , all of which carried forged passports from countries such as Britain , Australia , and France .
The Mossad agents assassinated Mahmoud Al Mabhouh , a Hamas official in Dubai .
Martin is expected to propose to the ministerial cabinet that Ireland expel the Israeli diplomat .
There have also been calls to expel the Israeli ambassador to Ireland , Dr Zion Evrony .
The Israeli embassy is located in Dublin 's Ballsbridge area and currently employs two security officers that the Irish government believes were responsible for forging eight Irish passports .
Martin will make his recommendations to the cabinet in two weeks time .
" The Minister is determined that such action as decided by the Government be seen as a clear and targeted response to the very serious issue of the misuse of Irish passports and that it not be confused with reaction to any other international incident .
He will time his statement on the misuse of passports accordingly , ” said a spokesperson for the Department of Foreign Affairs .
The Irish Prime Minister , Brian Cowen , has warned that there will be " serious consequences " if Israeli commandos forcibly board the Irish ship ' Rachel Corrie . '
The ship is the soul survivor of the flotilla and is currently en route to Gaza .
Former Nobel peace price winner , Mairéad Corrigan - Maguire , and former UN diplomats are on board the ship .
The Irish Government has called on Israel to allow the boat to unload in Gaza .
" These actions , which resulted in at least nine people being killed and approximately 30 being injured , were completely disproportionate and unacceptable , ” said Cowen .
“ It is clear that the incident took place in international waters .
The legal basis for the action of the Israelis is at the very least open to serious question . ”
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Wednesday , Jun 2nd , 2010
The next time you consider voicing opposition to the illegal bombardment of Pakistan with drone delivered U.S. missiles , consider this – the drones are effective .
So effective , in fact , that they can kill terrorists who have already previously been killed .
Once again this week we have been reliably informed by U.S. officials via the ever present SITE intelligence group via the terrorists themselves , that a drone delivered missile has successfully taken out Al Qaeda ’s number three man :
The operational leader of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan was killed in an American missile strike in Pakistan ’s tribal areas in the last two weeks , according to a statement from the terrorist group issued late Monday that American officials believe is correct .
The militant leader , Mustafa Abu al - Yazid , an Egyptian , was a top financial chief for Al Qaeda as well as one of the group ’s founders , and was considered by American intelligence officials as terrorist organization ’s No. 3 leader behind Osama bin Laden and his deputy , Ayman al - Zawahri , another Egyptian .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
al - Yazid a.k.a.
Saeed al - Masri is thought to be a long time associate of Osama Bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri .
The 9/11 Commission pinpointed him as a possible direct financier of the attacks .
He also most notably was alleged to have claimed responsibility for the assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in 2007 .
The timing of al - Yazid / al - Masri ’s reported demise is remarkable as it comes at exactly the same time as a major UN report that says the drone strikes are illegal and should be stopped immediately .
Even more remarkable , however , is the fact that al - Yazid / al - Masri was reported dead almost two years ago .
This from the London Guardian in August 2008 :
A leading al - Qaida military commander , reputed to be number three in the terror group , has been killed following several days of fierce fighting in Pakistan ’s North West Frontier province .
Abu Saeed al - Masri , identified in local media reports as Mustafa Abu al - Yazid , al - Qaida ’s commander in Afghanistan , died during a battle in the Bajaur tribal area .
“ This time it sounds like intelligence officials have higher confidence that he ’s actually been killed , ” says Matthew Waxman , a law professor at Columbia University and a former Pentagon and National Security Council official .
Regular readers will be familiar with our previous articles on the magic merry - go - round of al Qaeda terrorists who keep rising from the dead and escaping multiple captures .
The “ al Qaeda number three ” is a particularly magic position because pretty much every terrorist that the mythical group is affiliated with seems to have held the distinction .
Way back in 2005 , Timothy Noah of Slate magazine identified four different number threes , then there were six , that number shortly increased to nine .
Those reported to be al qaeda ’s number three man include :
Abu Faraj al - Libbi , Abu Hamza Rabia , Abu Laith al - Libi , Abu Saeed al - Masri , Abu Yahya al - Libi , Saif al - Adel , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Mohammed Sheikh Mohammed , Abu Zubaida .
The jokes come thick and fast – “ The No. 4 spot , however , is always a man on his way up in the world . ” , “ It ’s like being drummer in Spinal Tap . ” etc etc .
The number three saga is yet another example of how a manufactured smoke and mirrors propaganda veils reality .
The “ war on terror ” mantra continues to be propagated as justification to wage permanent occupation and control over the middle east by the global elite .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Though Dragon Age II has already been formally announced , its predecessor is still getting a steady stream of downloadable content updates .
The latest , Golems of Amgarrak , was unveiled today on Electronic Arts - owned developer BioWare 's official Web site .
The add - on will cost only $ 5 and will be available for the PlayStation 3 , PC , and Xbox 360 on August 10 .
It will take players back to the dwarven realm of Orzammar - - or more specifically , the labyrinth of caverns that lies beneath it .
As in one of the storylines of the original game , players will have to face hulking golems created by rogue dwarven paragons .
Golems of Amgarrak is billed by BioWare as " an advanced challenge for even the most experienced adventurers " and will feature numerous puzzles and a " terrifying " new foe .
It will let players either import their characters from Dragon Age or create all - new ones that will enter the game at a level high enough to encounter the new enemies .
Players will be shocked to discover Golems of Amgarrak features actual golems .
Dragon
Age II , a sequel to last year 's hit action role - playing game Dragon Age : Origins , will ship in March 2011 for the same three systems as its forebearer .
The sequel is set over a 10 - year period , according to BioWare .
It will see the player transform Blight survivor Hawke from " a destitute refugee to the revered champion of the land , " with new combat mechanics for the game 's three classes , as well as " an entirely new cinematic experience . "
Its debut trailer is due out on August 17 .
For more on Dragon Age , view the video review below , or check out the write - up of its major expansion , Awakening .
Dutch bishop gives priest red card for orange Mass Published duration 16 July 2010
image caption Priest Paul Vlaar , right , gave the Mass an orange theme for the World Cup final
A Catholic priest in the Netherlands who held an orange - themed Mass in support of the national football team has been suspended .
The Reverend Paul Vlaar wore an orange robe and decked out his church in orange before Sunday 's World Cup final .
During the service he even acted as a goalkeeper as a parishioner kicked a football down the aisle .
But the Bishop of Haarlem said he had not paid sufficient respect to the sacred nature of the Eucharist .
Footage of the service in the village of Obdam north of Amsterdam made it on to YouTube and was broadcast around the world .
However , it failed to impress Bishop Jozef Punt .
In a statement , he said the service had " caused outrage " in the Netherlands and overseas .
He ordered Mr Vlaar to enter " a period of reflection " and suspended him from his duties .
Mr Vlaar was not available for comment , but Obdam parish vice - chairman Win Bijman told AP news agency the congregation was " shocked and disappointed " by the suspension .
" People do not understand it .
Everybody supports Pastor Paul and we do n't see what was so bad that he should be temporarily suspended , " he said .
" Maybe we allowed ourselves to be swept along a little too much in the ' Oranje ' euphoria , " he added , referring to the Dutch national football team .
" But it is part of Pastor Paul 's personality that he manages to harness that kind of enthusiasm to get people into church .
The church here is full and in other places churches are empty . "
Despite the congregation 's best efforts , their prayers went unanswered .
The Netherlands lost the final one - nil to Spain .
Note :
This speech was given at the New York City protest to commemorate Tiananmen 's anniversary , at the Chinese Consulate on W. 42nd St. of Manhattan , June 4 , 2010 by this author ( Founder / President of the China Support Network ) .
Remarks as delivered :
========================================
It is the 21st anniversary of a crime against humanity — the Tiananmen Square massacre .
I believe that Tiananmen is the issue which separates the humans from the neo-humans ; and unfortunately , the neo -humans held the upper hand for the past 21 years .
China 's pro-democracy movement is a bright light for humanity ; it represents hope for a better future , and light at the end of a tunnel .
In China , the tunnel has been the tenure in power of the Chinese Communist Party — a time of brutal totalitarianism , assaulting the Chinese people with calamity , devastation , arbitrary campaigns of capricious fiat , mass murder , displacement through land seizures , and environmental destruction .
In the Chinese Communist Party , justice is nowhere and corruption is everywhere .
As a nation , China will need to heal from wounds which are still being inflicted upon it today .
Those wounds do not represent humanity .
Those wounds represent the very most inhuman cruelty , and the perversion of humanity ; of government ; and of law and justice .
True justice will lead to the prosecution of those responsible for these hideous atrocities , including the Tiananmen Square massacre of 21 years ago .
These 21 years have become a very dark chapter in the history of the free world .
There is a cancer in the free world , and it is called neo-politics .
21 years ago , presidential leadership gave way to neo-presidential neo-leadership ; and American journalism gave way to neo-American neo-journalism .
This may confuse onlookers .
A good old , red blooded American could ask , “ Where did all of this ' Neo ' stuff come from ?
What 's up with that ? ”
Well , there is a way to make sense of it , once you know the reality in this matter : “ Neo ” is a word modifier .
In contemporary politics , it means “ bought off ” or “ sold out . ”
America is suffering from neo -government , which connotes government of , by , and for the private sector , which is really not public spirited .
There used to be a public sector in this country , but it has atrophied into a fading memory .
As a result , the United States has been provisioning Communist China to its own detriment .
Indeed , this is detrimental to the entire free world .
The U.S. has become its own worst enemy , and the free world has been led towards compromise–rather than expansion –of liberties .
For 21 years , we have suffered the policies of neo-American neo-Presidents .
I like the idea of expanding liberties .
I would like a new one : Freedom from cruel and unusual journalism .
I would like journalists to be public - spirited honest reporters , intending to expand or illuminate the public discourse , rather than to manipulate and steer it .
I would like them to inform , rather than deceive , the public .
They might explain that in China , President Hu Jintao is trying to preserve or save face amid the train wreck of Chinese government .
This is the first June 4 in the third decade after Tiananmen Square .
What we have in this new decade is a Chinese democracy movement that is maturing ; and hence , it will be far more capable of influencing events and effecting change in China .
Many people expect that China will be the rising power of the new century ; but the Chinese democracy movement will be the rising power of the new decade , now at hand .
Justice cannot be denied forever .
Nor can the train wreck of Chinese government .
It is already the time now that China 's people must pick up the pieces and create China anew .
In this new decade , your nation has massive challenges , as does mine .
I have suggested that the Tiananmen issue separates the humans from the neo-humans .
We need human politics , not CCP politics , nor Western neo-politics .
We need human journalism , not CCP journalism , nor Western neo-journalism .
The neo - humans belong outside of government , or at least neutralized by a discredited ideology within a government that enables competition among ideologies .
In the pro-Chinese democracy movement , our cause is just ; our numbers are growing ; and our technology is improving .
We assert that China must have peace , prosperity , and justice , under a system of freedom , democracy , and full respect for human rights and the rule of law .
China needs those improvements as mentioned by Liu Xiaobo in Charter 08 .
For that matter , we need Liu Xiaobo !
So long as the Communist Party remains in place in mainland China , we continue to demand the immediate release and freedom of Liu Xiaobo ; and of Wang Bingzhang ; and of Zhou Yongjun ; and of Gao Zhisheng .
All other prisoners of conscience must likewise be freed , and we demand the support of Charter 08 , and the end of persecution and retribution for the signatories of Charter 08 .
This movement for Chinese freedom and justice should be the highest priority of the United States in its relations with China .
It would already be Priority # 1 , but for the fact that neo -humans run the U.S. State Department .
They are champions of bought off , sold out , private sector priorities .
Shame on them , but hooray for you , here at New York City 's June 4 memorial of 2010 !
Thank you for taking in my speech , and God bless China !
Two women drinking coffee together in a Buenos Aires café during the dictatorship ( 1973 - 1983 ) could have been arrested merely for being together .
Today they can marry .
What a difference a few decades can make .
Eva Peron was right in her address to her people from the balcony , as crooned memorably by Madonna in the movie Evita : “ The truth is I never left you / All through my wild days / My mad existence / I kept my promise / do n’t keep your distance … ”
Argentina delivered same - sex marriage on July 15 , 2010 ( the bill was officially signed into law on July 21 ) after a bitter but decisive legislative battle .
President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner ’s supporters backed it and some commentators have alleged that the 33 - 27 vote in the Senate was less a sign of major cultural change than a way for the president ’s husband , Nestor Kirchner ( former president of Argentina hankering to run again ) , to look liberal enough to be reelected in 2011 .
That may well be , but it misses an important religious angle ; namely , that the Roman Catholic Church was defeated as soundly as the political opposition on this one .
Maybe it is a sign of things to come in Latin America — on abortion , for example — and around the world as the institutional church fritters away its symbolic capital .
I taught in Buenos Aires from 1980 - 81 , “ en plena dictadura , ” at ISEDET , the ecumenical seminary .
During the dictatorship , there were many infringements on everyday life .
Large meetings were discouraged ; even small gatherings were frowned upon and could be broken up by police .
Homosexuality was against the law , though there remained a thriving , if mostly underground , LGBT community .
I knew a lot of marvelous lesbian women and gay men who coped valiantly .
It was the beginning of the HIV / AIDS pandemic and many men died young .
The women were incredible — photographers , anthropologists , teachers , business leaders — heady company for a young feminist theologian .
I vividly recall leaving an evening gathering held in the home of a lesbian couple .
We had to exit in small clusters ( one , two , or three people at a time , never everyone at once ) for fear that we would draw the attention of the police .
All the while the Roman Catholic Church had a dubious relationship with the military government .
It was fairly common among upper class Argentine families to have one son who was a general and one who was a bishop or cardinal , so the lines were thin between church and state . *
The Apostolic Nuncio to Argentina at the time , Archbishop Pio Laghi , was rumored to play tennis with the generals who ruled the country , including Admiral Emilio Eduardo Massera of the junta .
The Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo ( women who protested the disappearance of their children ) , and later the Grandmothers who protested the loss of their grandchildren , were famously photographed trying desperately to get a meeting with the bishops .
Police stood in between the women and the men ; the bishops were on retreat together behind closed doors .
The picture said it all .
The institutional church was notoriously silent on much of the so - called “ Dirty War . ”
It left to groups like Servicio Paz y Justicia ( whose head , Adolfo Perez Esquivel , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1980 ) to defend human rights .
They did so along with the Mothers and the many secular and ecumenical groups that worked heroically to bring Argentina back to democracy .
They pressed for the prosecution of those guilty of kidnapping and / or killing many young people .
By the time of democracy ’s return in 1983 , the Roman Catholic Church had lost a good deal of its prestige from having been on the wrong side of the war .
Nonetheless , like so many Latin American countries , Argentina was still considered Catholic even if a large majority of its people , especially in cosmopolitan Buenos Aires , were not actively practicing .
By contrast , the Jewish community in Buenos Aires in the tough decade of dictatorship thrived under the leadership of Conservative Rabbi Marshall Meyer .
He distinguished himself as a human rights activist and as an ecumenical partner .
I recall many a meeting and delightful luncheon at the seminary he ran .
These were interreligious efforts to put pressure on the government and to build civic community at a time when the government was keeping people apart .
Protestant and Jewish professors gathered in abundance but if there were another Catholic beside myself they were few and not there in any official capacity .
To their credit , the liberal Protestants were also active in human rights , so much so that the seminary where I taught was firebombed , presumably by government forces , and thousands of books , but no lives , were lost .
There was no mention in those days of gay rights , and even women ’s rights took a back seat to other rampant human rights violations .
But even in the highly educated and cultured , if not very religious circles in Buenos Aires , everyone knew who the religious leaders were who could be counted on or not .
The bishops , with few exceptions , were not very impressive .
When Pio Laghi admitted he was “ no hero , ” no one contradicted him .
Gay and lesbian rights took hold in Buenos Aires and to a less flamboyant but surely just as important degree in Cordoba , Mendoza , Rosario , and other large cities .
Ironically , the first gay marriage in the Republic of Argentina took place in the Province of Tierra del Fuego , literally at the end of the world in 2009 when Alex Frye , the head of an AIDS organization , and Jose Maria Di Bello , an executive for the Red Cross , tied the knot .
In that case the governor of the province urged a local clerk to register the union just six months before it became legal throughout the country .
So the growing consensus in favor of same - sex marriage took place despite the institutional Catholic Church ’s theology .
In fact , the Church sponsored protests all over the country , with several Opus Dei bishops prominent in the dissent .
And while a few priests courageously broke ranks , the major opposition sprang from Jorge Cardinal Bergoglio of Buenos Aires who referred to the pending legislation as a “ destructive attack on God ’s plan . ”
The Church waged a propaganda war with posters depicting a man and a woman and a baby as the ideal ( read : the only possible model of family ) .
Marriage equality in Argentina will require new posters depicting the many ways family can look — with or without children .
The cardinal lost a lot of the Church ’s credibility along with the printing costs .
Some leaders of the Lutheran Church distinguished themselves with well - reasoned arguments in favor of the inevitable .
The Metropolitan Community Church now has an active ministry in Argentina so those leaders were also vocal .
Even at the 11th hour the Catholic hierarchy was on the wrong side .
Thousands of Catholic anti-gay supporters staged a loud protest in Plaza de Mayo on the frigid evening of the Senate vote .
Alas for them , at 4:05 AM on July 15 it must have felt like a cold day in hell when the votes were counted and the exuberant celebrations began .
I was among the celebrators in Plaza del Congresso in December of 1983 when Raul Alfonsin was inaugurated as the first democratically elected president after the military dictatorship .
I wish I had been there that early winter morning in July of this year when the votes were counted .
I can only imagine the scene when another expression of democracy took Argentina one more step away from its disgraceful past .
And yet the Catholic Church did not take its loss gracefully ; there are still rumblings about impending doom .**
Had I been there for the celebration , I would have cried Evita .
I would have wept in gratitude for my friends —
Alicia , Safina , Poncio and others — who did not live to see their beloved Argentina lose this year ’s World Cup but win first place in Latin America ’s marriage quests .
They lived with integrity when times were tough .
Their courage paved the way .
* This sentence has been changed to reflect the fact that it was common ‘ among upper class Argentine families , ’ and not among the general population .
Thank you to the author of an anonymous letter to the editor for helping to clarify this point .
Note : RD does not publish anonymous letters to the editor .
** This sentence was initially followed by one about an ACIERA statement .
We have since learned that the information on ACIERA may not be correct so we ’ve opted to remove it .
RD regrets the error .
Beyond obvious problems with not using strict and warnings , here are some of my personal pet peeves regarding common Perl bad practices .
We already know it leads to subtle bugs .
Why keep doing this ?
my $ foo = new Foo ( ' baz ' ) ; # bad !
DontUseCamelCase except for package names .
You want people to be able to read your code .
$ foo = $ DontUseCamelCase ; $ foo = $ do_use_underscores ;
From " perlstyle " :
While short identifiers like $ gotit are probably ok , use underscores to separate words in longer identifiers .
It is generally easier to read $ var_names_like_this than $ VarNamesLikeThis , especially for non-native speakers of English .
It 's also a simple rule that works consistently with VAR_NAMES_LIKE_THIS .
I could be mistaken , but I believe CamelCase was largely a holdover from Smalltalk which only allowed a leading letter and then optional letters and digits .
TheReadabilityOfPerlIsBadEnoughWithoutCamelCase .
Just because you instantly know what $ [ , $* , and $ ; do does n't mean others do .
You 're just making life harder for others unecessarily .
if ( @errors ) { local $ " = ' , ' ; croak ( " Embezzlement failed : @errors " ) ; }
I have a bad habit of doing that .
I have to stop that because it 's not fair to maintenance programmers .
Limit your lines of code to a reasonable number of characters .
I 've seen CPAN modules where the lines of code force horizontal scrollbars in my browser , not just wrapping issues in my editor .
Sure , I can resize my editor and I do n't have to worry about old - fashioned 80 colomn terminal limitations .
I have n't seen that in over a decade .
The real problem here is complexity : if you have a line of code which is 300 characters long , something 's wrong .
Even if it 's a simple variable assignment , that implies you have a huge constant in your code .
Why ?
And why make lives miserable for other people who simply do n't want to carefully read through all of that to make sure there 's a mistake ?
Keep your lines of code short and easy to read .
Do n't do too much .
Stop being an @ $$ .
OK , this is n't about code , but it 's still a common problem .
Just because you 're upset with someone or feeling superior does n't give you a right to call them a f*** wit .
Maybe you 're impressed with yourself or just can't contain your anger , but there 's really no place for it in adult conversation .
Hopefully you 'll outgrow it and leave that to the **** programmers .
Geldübergabe geplatzt Bankiersfrau Bögerl wurde erstochen
Maria Bögerls Leiche wurde nur tausend Meter neben dem Übergabeort für das Lösegeld gefunden .
Doch wann tötete der Entführer die Bankiersfrau , wann legte er sein Opfer dort ab ?
Fest steht nur : Die Forderungen des Kidnappers konnten in der Kürze der Zeit nicht erfüllt werden .
5 ) Cast From The Other Guys Takes To The Sky
4 ) Zach Galifianakis Gets Swagger Lessons from Taavon
3 ) Ken Jeong 's Acceptance Speech For Best WTF Moment
2) Aziz Ansari Demolishes
The 3D Craze In His Opening Monologue
1 ) Les Grossman Outdances A Fly Girl , Ed Helms and Ken Jeong Take Us On A Journey Through The Cloudscape of Dreams
While those that are n't fans of the Twlight franchise were most likely disappointed by the results of this year 's MTV Movie Awards , the show was not without its highlights .
We had no problem with Sandra Bullock making - out with Scarlett Johansson , and " Stunt Kidz " was a funny skit , but from high - wire acts to the most touching speech of the night , these are our top five moments from tonight 's show .
You have Will Ferrell complaining about his crotch being trapped in a harness , Samuel L. Jackson quoting Ezekiel 25:17 , and Mark Wahlberg expressing his desire to land on Eva Mendes ' face a la Bruno and Eminem during the 2009 Awards Show .
What 's not to love ?
He might be funny as hell ( which would explain the Best Comedic Performance Award ) , but Zach does n't lead the world in the style category .
Fortunately , Taavon , and his inability to sit on anything that is n't purple , is here to help .
He might have gotten the award for jumping naked out a trunk , but Jeong 's speech was by far the most heartfelt and emotional moment of the show .
Ansari got a lot of attention when he went on the internet and ranted against Digital IMAX , which has since earned the nickname " LIEMAX . "
We are not the biggest fans of post - production 3D here at Cinema Blend , and it was nice to see a similar opinion expressed at such a big event .
Ansari pointing out how ludicrous it is to call 3D movies " real " and saying Avatar looks like a video game is probably the most public bashing of Hollywood 's newest cash cow yet .
This is just an epic three - minute clip .
I have seen way more of Ken Jeong 's than I think should be legally allowed and it's hard not to appreciate Tom Cruise actually doing something that makes him likable .
How he does that while playing an asshole Hollywood producer is a complete mystery , but there it is .
Peppermint Ice is a new Linux distribution from the Peppermint team .
Unlike Peppermint OS
One , Peppermint Ice is said to be more cloud based with its new Site Specific Browser called Ice .
It is built from Peppermint OS One , but it is not a replacement for it .
They both will be maintained .
Peppermint Ice has a simple bootsplash which reminds me of the one in Ubuntu 10.04 .
The default wallpaper of Peppermint Ice looks very ugly in my opinion .
I do not blame them for the theme .
They cannot implement transparency and other fancy stuffs like that , since Peppermint Ice is supposed to be very light weight .
But they could have at least put a more attractive wallpaper to create a good first impression .
Fortunately , it is not such a big deal as the wallpaper can be changed easily .
Peppermint Ice comes with Chromium as the default browser .
In addition , Facebook SSB is included is also included by default .
This is Facebook opened in Chromium Site Specific Browser .
Nothing special here anyone with Chrome / Chromium or Prism can do this .
This is Ice - you can create launchers for web apps .
Honestly , I was expecting Ice to be something else .
It does nothing more that the " Create Shortcut " in Chromium / Chrome .
And its simpler to create it in Chromium than in Ice - all you it takes in Chromium is just two clicks .
Yes I would still use Chromium to create web shortcuts ;
Ice offers nothing which Chromium cannot do already .
There are no desktop office applications in Peppermint Ice .
Google Docs is the default office application in Peppermint Ice .
However , there is one very serious thing that I have noticed .
If you have a file , say an .odt file , in your hard drive , when you double - click on it , it opens the archive manager and not in Google Doc .
Even when I right - click on it and choose it to open from Google Docs , only Google Docs opens in the SSB but not the document .
This certainly is a big problem .
And these are Sounds & Video applications , plenty of web - based apps there like Last. fm , Pandora etc .
And this is the Software Manager that comes with Peppermint Ice .
It is mintinstall , the software manager used in Linux Mint .
And finally , if you have even installed Ubuntu , installing Peppermint Ice should be no problem .
Conclusion
With its new " Ice " and its cloud focus , Peppermint Ice had me quite excited .
However , it turned out Ice is nothing more than the Chromium shortcut .
And although I appreaciate the Peppermint team for choosing Google Docs and other web apps to make the OS light , they have not done enough to integrate these properly .
In the end , it feels like Peppermint Ice is just a very bad attempt at bringing web apps to the desktop .
It is not ready for public usage and I certainly do not recommend it to anyone .
Iran mosque ' suicide bombers ' kill 27 Published duration 16 July 2010
image caption Bystanders rushed to help victims of the attack
Two suicide bombers have killed at least 27 people at a Shia mosque in south - eastern Iran , officials say .
The first bomber blew himself up at a checkpoint outside the Jamia mosque in the city of Zahedan , with a more deadly second blast moments later .
Worshippers and Revolutionary Guards were reportedly among the dead .
Regional media reported that a Sunni rebel group , Jundullah , said it carried out the attacks in revenge for the hanging of its leader by Iran in June .
Iranian Health Minister Marzieh Vahid Dastagerdi told the news agency ISNA that the death toll was likely to rise , as 11 of the 270 injured people were in critical condition .
According to reports , the clerical leadership in Iran accused the US of backing Jundullah in order to create instability in Iran .
Washington denied the charge .
Senior lawmaker Alaeddin Boroujerdi said the US should be held accountable for the " terrorist acts in Zahedan " because of its support for Jundullah , the official IRNA news agency reported .
' Horrific attack '
An e-mail purporting to be from Jundullah - which has attacked Zahedan before - said the attacks were in response to the execution of Abdolmalek Rigi .
The blasts came as worshippers celebrated the anniversary of the birth of Imam Hussein , grandson of the Prophet Muhammad .
The second blast proved more deadly as it struck people who had gathered to help the wounded .
" The [ first ] attacker , dressed in women 's clothing , was trying to get in the mosque , but was prevented , " local MP Hossein Ali Shahriari told Fars news agency .
" When people came to rescue those hit in that blast , another bomber blew himself up .
Three to four have been killed at least in the first attack . "
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned the " horrific attack " and called for the perpetrators to be held accountable .
" This attack , along with the recent attacks in Uganda , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iraq , and Algeria , underscores the global community 's need to work together to combat terrorist organisations , " she said .
Zahedan is the capital city of Sistan - Baluchistan province , which borders Afghanistan and Pakistan and is prone to unrest .
The BBC's Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne says there is resentment in the mainly Sunni area against perceived discrimination by Iran 's Shia establishment .
The region is also a key drug - smuggling route from Afghanistan to Europe , with heavily armed convoys of smugglers adding to the atmosphere of lawlessness in this remote region , our correspondent says .
SHIMLA : Actor Ravi Baswani , known for his comic roles in films like ' Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron ' and ' Chashme Buddoor ' , passed away here on Tuesday following a massive heart attack .
He was 64 .
Beginning his career with ' Chashme .. ' in 1981 , Baswani established himself as a comic actor with the cult film ' Jaane Bhi Do ...' which also won him a Filmfare award .
Baswani was also a prominent face on television and appeared in character roles in films like ' Bunty Aur Babli ' and ' Pyar Tune Kya Kiya ' .
A number of Bollywood stars expressed their grief at his sad demise .
" Just got to know that Ravi Baswani passed away .
How sad and terrible .
Wonderful man .
A gypsy by heart .
Always happy and helpful .
RIP , " actor Anupam Kher wrote on Twitter .
" Sad to hear the demise of actor Ravi Baswani .
The unforgettable performance in ( Jaane bhi do yaaron , Chasme Baddoor ) , may his soul RIP , " wrote filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar .
Filmmaker Sai Paranjpe , who launched Baswani in " Chashme Baddoor " , said he had the perfect comic timing .
" I am shocked ... he was immensely talented and a multi- faceted personality .
His comic timing was perfect ... He was a bit introvert , " Paranjpe told PTI .
According to her , Baswani did not get justice even though his talent was immense .
The Pentagon is rapidly improving its ability to fight wars with robots .
This capability is “ bringing about the most profound transformation of warfare since the advent of the atom bomb , ” says Scientific American , and raises “ a host of ethical and legal issues . ”
“ Robots are pouring onto battlefields as if a new species of mechanotronic alien had just landed on our planet , ” the publication says in an editorial on their development in its July issue .
“ The prospect of androids that hunt down and kill on their own accord ( shades of Terminator ) should give us all pause .
An automatic pilot that makes its own calls about whom to shoot violates the ‘ human ’ part of international humanitarian law , the one that recognizes that some weapons are so abhorrent that they just should be eliminated . ”
Since 2003 , 7,000 unmanned aircraft and 12,000 ground vehicles have entered the U.S. military inventory , “ entrusted with missions that range from seeking out snipers to bombing the hideouts of al - Qaeda higher - ups in Pakistan , ” writes P.W. Singer in an accompanying article titled “ War of The Machines . ”
Singer , who directs the 21st Century Defense Initiative at The Brookings Institution , in Washington , D.C. , a non-profit research think tank , says robots include :
Lockheed Martin ’s High - Altitude Airship , an unmanned blimp that carries a radar the length of a football field and can fly at nearly 19,800 meters for over a month at a time .
Contractor QinetiQ North America ’s MAARS robot , resembling a tank that is armed with a machine gun and grenade launcher that does sentry and sniper duty .
The miniature surveillance “ bot ” from contractor AeroVironment that “ mimics a hummingbird in size and its ability to hover over a target ” and which flaps its wings frenetically as its cameras observe a scene .
The Counter - Rocket Artillery and Mortar , or C - RAM , which resembles Star Wars robot R2 - D2 and is armed with a machine gun that can shoot down incoming missiles and is used to protect the Green Zone in Baghdad .
The TALON ground robot that can defuse bombs and peeks over obstacles to hunt for enemies .
The ChemBot , conceived by the University of Chicago and contractor iRobot , of Bedford , Mass. , and which is “ a bloblike machine that shifts shape , such that it is able to squeeze through a hole in the wall . ”
The Predator drone that can track 12 targets at once and which has been used in combat since 1995 .
This unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) from General Atomics is armed with two lethal Hellfire missiles that have killed as many as 40 al - Qaeda leaders but which , by some estimates , have killed as many as 1,000 civilians across Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Singer writes that robots are machines built to operate in a “ sense - think - act ” paradigm .
Information from their sensors is relayed to computer processors or artificial intelligence software that decide whether to activate their mechanical “ effectors . ”
“ The global Positioning Satellite system , video - game - like remote controls and a host of other technologies have made robots both useful and usable on the battlefield during the past decade , ” Singer writes .
“ The increased ability to observe , pinpoint and then attack targets in hostile settings without having to expose the human operator to danger became a priority after the 9/11 attacks … , ” he writes .
What ’s more , Singer intimates that we ai n’t seen nothin ’ yet .
“ The inexorable growth in computing power means that today ’s recently enlisted soldiers may end their careers witnessing robots powered by computers literally a billion times more capable than those currently available , ” he writes .
In an editorial titled “ Terminate the Terminators , ” Scientific American warns , “ Some might call a ban on autonomous robots naïve or complain that it would tie the hands of soldiers faced with irregular warfare .
But although robots have clear tactical advantages , they carry a heavy strategic price . ”
“ The laws of war are an act not of charity but of self - interest , ” the editorial continues .
“ The U.S. would be weakened , not strengthened , if chemical and biological weapons were widespread , and the same is true of robots .
They are a cheap way to offset conventional military , and other nations and groups such as Hezbollah in Lebanon are already deploying them …
We can never put the genie back into the bottle , but putting a hold on further development of this technology could limit the damage . ”
While this is perfectly true , the sentiment of the Editors is unlikely garner much support inside the Pentagon , which now dominates the planet military from 1,000 bases in the U.S. and 800 more overseas and has the financial wherewithal to manufacture countless robots , which Hezbollah does not .
The prospect of waging wars on battlefields ll,000 kilometers distant by remote control from computer terminals near Las Vegas , Nevada , without exposing its own personnel to harm may seem like a dream come true to the Pentagon — but because of its persistent aggressiveness much of the rest of humanity may see it as a nightmare .
As the Scientific American article points out , as a result of the deadly Predator strikes , a leading Pakistan newspaper has already branded the U.S. a “ principal hate figure . ”
That is , of course , precisely how the “ Empire , ” with its Imperial Walkers and robot soldiers , was perceived by the “ human ” rebels in the 1977 movie “ Star Wars . ”
Need I say more ?
Sherwood Ross
A key question is to what extent countries gain from open trade in natural resources .
Some of the issues examined in the Report include the role of trade in providing access to natural resources , the effects of international trade on the sustainability of natural resources , the environmental impact of resources trade , the so - called natural resources curse , and resource price volatility .
The Report examines a range of key measures employed in natural resource sectors , such as export taxes , tariffs and subsidies , and provides information on their current use .
It analyzes in detail the effects of these policy tools on an economy and on its trading partners .
Finally , the Report provides an overview of how natural resources fit within the legal framework of the WTO and discusses other international agreements that regulate trade in natural resources .
A number of challenges are addressed , including the regulation of export policy , the treatment of subsidies , trade facilitation , and the relationship between WTO rules and other international agreements .
> Order printed copy
Download pdf :
> Complete report ( 256 pages ; 12969KB )
> Contents , acknowledgements , disclaimer , DG Foreword and Executive Summary ( 19 pages ; 1096KB )
I- The trade situation in 2009 - 2010 ( 18 pages ; 843KB )
II - Trade in natural resources
> A. Introduction ( 6 pages ; 590KB )
> B. Natural resources : Definitions , trade patterns and globalization ( 28 pages ; 1204KB )
> C. Trade theory and natural resources ( 40 pages ; 1628KB )
> D. Trade policy and natural resources ( 48 pages ; 1734KB )
> E. Natural resources , international cooperation and trade regulation ( 40 pages ; 1128KB )
> F. Conclusions ( 4 pages ; 5085KB )
> Statistical appendix ( 25 pages ; 868KB )
> Bibliography ( 11 pages ; 1027KB )
> Technical notes , glossary , abbreviations and list of figures ( 15 pages ; 1217KB )
Toronto FC captain Dwayne De Rosario has been named Major League Soccer ’s Player of the Week for Week 10 .
De Rosario scored two goals in Toronto ’s 3 - 1 win at San Jose Earthquakes On Saturday night .
[ inline_node :3898 ]
The former Earthquakes player started the game on the bench after returning to club action from international duty with Canada in Argentina .
De Rosario was brought into the match at half time and helped lead his team to a first league road win of the season .
De Rosario collected a long ball on a breakaway in the 66th minute and kept his cool to score past Joe Cannon .
That doubled Toronto ’s advantage adding to Chad Barrett ’s first half goal .
After the Quakes pulled a goal back , De Rosario made sure of the win in stoppage time when he latched onto a long ball down field and scored into an empty net with Cannon still at the other end of the pitch after moving forward to attack a set piece .
De Rosario ’s two goals took his tally for the season to eight , one behind league leading Edson Buddle .
With the win in Santa Clara , Toronto FC moved up to second in the Eastern Conference standings , four points behind first placed Columbus Crew .
Toronto FC also won 3 - 1 at San Jose last season , and on that occasion a two goal haul for Chad Barrett also earned him the MLS Player of the Week award .
The latest market trampoline action on horrendous consumer credit news should be sufficient to get every last sane person out of this illegal , yet fully government endorsed , backdoor gambling operation , or at least those that are stupid enough not to be trading with other people 's money .
Today marks the most recent long white candlestick on almost record low volume for a ramp day .
Note the straight line higher immediately following the consumer credit collapse and the leak that QE2 is coming any minute .
Our only question is how bad is the news coming this weekend for the primary dealers to need to surge the market so high on nothing .
Well , that , and also we wonder if after the circus rang the closing bell on the Nasdaq two days ago , whether today the Sicilian mafia will be at the NYSE close .
Plenty of people do ridiculous things when they are blackout drunk ( or so we hear ) .
Some get ugly tattoos .
Some get behind the wheel of a car .
And some sneak into work and trade millions of dollars worth of oil .
Steve Perkins , broker for PVM Oil Futures , went into the office in the middle of the night after a weekend of heavy drinking and started making unauthorized trades to the tune of $ 520 million .
The trades managed to move the global price by $ 1.65 , which is a big deal ( or so we hear ) .
The trades cost the company almost $ 10 million !
( He probably looked just like these other hilarious , shellshocked stock traders )
Perkins tried to cover his tracks when his bosses questioned him the next morning , but it soon came out that he ’d been drinking and could n’t recall making the disastrous transactions .
A Financial Services Authority investigation took place and Perkins has had his trading license suspended for at least 5 years .
Now , we are n’t exactly experts in oil brokering , but it seems shockingly easy to make such significant unauthorized trades .
While drunk , no less !
Does n’t exactly restore our faith in market recovery , does it ?
( via the Telegraph )
When we hear the word “ crate ” , the first thing that comes to mind is cage or prison .
That 's where we are wrong .
A crate is an essential tool that helps us educate our dogs .
Every dog wants to have the coziest and comfy spot where he sleeps and “ hang - out ” and where they feel that they are safe .
You would n't need to have your dogs crated for long periods of time , dog crates help us train our dogs discipline and control .
Dogs need to learn and understand not to poop anywhere so they need to be crated for a certain period of time .
The effectiveness of it lies on the cover and size of the crater .
It should be covered in bedding so it will give your dog the impression that he is still in his comfy den .
Dogs also have the natural instinct not to mess up in his “ comfort zone ” .
This will make him understand that it is not alright to poop anywhere other than the bed .
Getting used to do his deed anywhere is a hard habit to break .
We also think that the bigger the crate is , the better .
But actually , it should be small yet comfortable .
The dog should be able to stand and turn around while in the crate .
Putting him in a big one will not make him learn discipline , he will just sit in a corner and poop .
Two varieties that can work for your personal use are the metal folding crate and the plastic airline type .
Plastic - style crates make your dogs feel secure and cozy in it .
Close - in plastic crates are not ideal for some dogs as it is very dark and does not give them a safe feeling .
Different Crates for Different Needs 1 .
The dog can stand up , lie comfortably and turn around .
2. Crates with dividers are best for large breed dogs .
With this , you do n't need to buy crates every now and then while your dog grows .
This is a wire type crate and the dividers are adjustable to the size of your dog .
3 . If you want style for the crates , there a lot of choices for you .
You can choose between rattan , wooden and doghouse - style crates .
4 . If your dog accidentally pooped on his crate , he might do it again if the smell lingered in it so it is best not to buy soft - sided crates .
Soft - sided crates are hard to clean and smell stays on the fabric longer , making your dog habitually relieving himself in it everytime he smells it .
5 . If you 're on the move , folding crates are also available .
You can also get the one with wheels .
It is ideal if you move the crate a lot and if you are traveling .
Content written by Shawn Stewart of www.ohmydogsupplies.com, the top ranked spot to buy dog pajamas online .
GALVESTON — About a dozen tar balls that washed ashore on Crystal Beach were identified Monday as oil from the BP well blowout in the Gulf of Mexico , the first evidence that oil from the spill has reached the Texas coastline .
But it was unclear whether the oil from the blowout dropped off a passing ship or drifted nearly 400 miles .
Laboratory tests showed that the tar balls came from the BP Macondo well that blew out April 20 , killing 11 crew members on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig and spewing millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf , said Coast Guard Cpt. Marcus Woodring , commander of the Houston - Galveston sector .
The handful of tar balls came ashore Saturday and a second wave amounting to about 5 gallons of oil was found Sunday scattered along 1½ miles of beach on eastern Galveston Island and Crystal Beach on the Bolivar Peninsula , Woodring said .
Laboratory results on the oil discovered Sunday are expected today , Woodring said .
An onslaught of tar balls on Galveston ’s beaches would be disastrous for the island city ’s tourism economy .
Galveston Mayor Joe Jaworski hoped the tar balls were a one - time occurrence .
“ It is such a small amount that I ’m waiting to see whether more comes or not the next few days before getting really upset , ” Jaworski said .
Tilman Fertitta , CEO of Landry ’s Restaurants , said he ’s not so worried about the tar balls because they ’re a common sight in Galveston .
He ’ll be concerned , though , if it continues and swells into a problem like it has in other states along the Gulf Coast .
Landry ’s has restaurants in Galveston , and a separate business controlled by Fertitta owns the San Luis Hotel , Hilton and IHOP restaurant there .
Landry ’s also owns the Kemah Boardwalk , a popular tourist spot .
Landry ’s has lost millions in sales and suffered from higher seafood pricing since the spill occurred , he said , adding that the company is reviewing possible claims against BP .
Greater impact feared
The company buys much of its seafood from suppliers around the world , so it has n’t been as heavily affected by local price jumps as others , he said .
But as contracts run out , he expects to also be hit with higher prices .
“ We ’re suffering a huge impact now , but it will only get larger , ” he said .
“ We hope Galveston continues to be a nonissue . ”
RoShelle Gaskins , a spokeswoman for the Galveston Island Convention & Visitors Bureau , said the key is figuring out how the tar balls got on the beach .
Officials said tar balls are common along the Texas coast because of natural seepage from the Gulf or from small oil spills .
The Coast Guard , as late as last week , had told the bureau that oil from the spill was not predicted to reach Galveston , Gaskins said .
The dozen tar balls found in the surf Saturday ranged from the size of a dime to a golf ball , said Richard Arnhart , oil spill response regional director for the Texas General Land Office .
A Gilchrist resident reported the tar balls Saturday , and the General Land Office received multiple reports Sunday , said Wesley McDaniel , Land Office oil response officer .
Cleanup begins
T&T Marine , a Galveston company contracted to do oil cleanup , used shovels to pick up the tar balls , Arnhart said .
Arnhart said the chances of BP oil reaching the Texas coast were between 20 percent and 40 percent .
“ We are prepared for it , if it does happen , ” Arnhart said .
“ The longer Deepwater Horizon discharges , the better chance that we will have some impact ” on Texas beaches .
Woodring said the condition of the tar balls did n’t look like they had drifted all the way from the Macondo well .
They were “ inconsistent with the weathering pattern that would be expected , ” he said .
“ To travel 400 miles is going to take a long time , ” during which the oil would be expected to break down .
Officials were investigating whether the tar balls were from oil that clung to the hull of a ship passing through the BP oil slick or were from ballast water taken on by a ship in the oil slick zone and later dumped in Texas waters , Woodring said .
BP spokesman Neil Geary said the company is concerned about the oil found in Crystal Beach .
“ I will point out that it ’s consistent with very fresh oil , ” Geary said .
“ A potential source is under investigation . ”
He said BP expected to receive a bill for the cleanup and that it would be paid .
harvey.rice@chron.com
purva.patel@chron.com
World Championship Career
Profile
Determined , intense , record - breaking , humorous , Graham Hill was the perfect ambassador for the sport .
All this and much more has been said of Hill , the only man to have won the triple crown of World Championship , Indy 500 and the Le Mans 24 Hours .
It has become something of a cliché to say that he was a man who worked at his driving rather than being imbued with natural ability , but Hill did not pass his driving test until he was 24 .
That same year , he attended a racing school at Brands Hatch and was hooked .
He immediately started working as a mechanic at the school , racing in one of its cars in lieu of payment .
Then he met Colin Chapman and worked for him as he built up Lotus .
Hill built his own Lotus for 1956 and became a works driver in 1958 , making his grand prix debut at Monaco .
He ran fourth before a wheel parted company with the car .
He later became synonymous with Monaco as he won there five times .
Disenchanted with the fragility of Chapman 's Lotuses , he left for BRM for 1960 , a year in which he finished third at Zandvoort .
After a lacklustre second year , 1962 was better as , equipped with a new V8 , he won the Dutch , German and Italian Grands Prix to set up a South African finale with Jim Clark .
Clark led but , when the Lotus broke , Hill snatched both victory and the title .
He was runner - up to Clark , John Surtees and Clark again in 1963 , 1964 and 1965 respectively .
His defeat by Surtees was particularly galling as he had scored more points than the former motorcyclist , but lost out by a point when dropped scores were considered .
He won the Indianapolis 500 in 1966 , but there was a good slice of fortune involved , as Jackie Stewart led convincingly until he was robbed by a technical problem .
After a troubled 1966 - the first year of the new 3 - litre Formula - Hill was tempted back to Lotus as team - mate to Clark , who narrowly missed out on the title to Denny Hulme .
However , the Lotus 49 - Cosworth looked promising .
Clark started 1968 well enough , winning in South Africa , but was killed in a Formula Two race .
The Scot 's death devastated Chapman , but Hill put the team back on course by winning in Spain .
He fought a three - way tussle with Stewart 's Matra and Hulme 's McLaren , winning his second crown with victory in the Mexican season finale .
Graham was outpaced by team - mate Jochen Rindt in 1969 .
Then , at Watkins Glen , he spun and popped his seatbelt .
Unable to refasten it , he resumed but crashed and was thrown out , breaking his legs .
He was determined to return , but was never as fast again .
Having won Le Mans for Matra in 1972 , Graham raced on until mid-1975 when he elected to retire to concentrate on team management .
Tragically , piloting his plane back from a test at Paul Ricard , he hit a tree on the approach to Elstree and was killed along with protégé Tony Brise , the team manager , designer and two mechanics .
Strengths and weaknesses
Contrary to the public image , Hill around race time was a curt , pedantic perfectionist who achieved much of his success through sheer hard work , and as a result he suffered in comparison with two of his great rivals - Jim Clark and the Jackie Stewart - who seemingly did not have to try .
But he was nevertheless popular , an excellent team leader , and squeezed out every ounce of talent he had .
Career high
Lotus was in turmoil after the death of Jim Clark , so much so boss Colin Chapman stayed away from the Spanish Grand Prix .
Hill almost single handedly pulled the team together by sheer force of his personality and then won the race , a result which got Lotus back on track and set him on his way to his second world title .
Career low
He had his fair share of major accidents , but few would argue against the fact he continued racing far too long in increasingly uncompetitive cars .
The end came , sadly , at Monaco , the scene of his greatest successes , when in 1975 he failed to even qualify in his own team 's car .
Even Hill , a man whom could not let go , realised his time was up .
Quotes
" I am an artist .
The track is my canvas , and the car is my brush . "
" He is the archetype of the driver of the future … precise , smooth , knowing .
Graham is just as smooth as he looks . "
Stirling Moss in 1962
Trivia
A keen rower , before he took up motor racing he stroked the London Rowing Club to victory at Henley in 1953
When starting out as a driver , he sometimes slept in haystacks by the roadside to save money
He was a driving force behind a campaign to ban three - wheeled invalid cars which he considered too dangerous
Well , a decade late and many dollars short , we seem to have become the conventional wisdom !
Would only that the Economist had listened to our arguments , and been on our side a decade ago !
It was always more than tenable .
It was always very attractive :
Economist : Governments Can Borrow More than Was Once Believed https://www.economist.com/schools-brief/2020/09/12/governments-can-borrow-more-than-was-once-believed:
‘ The global financial crisis pushed rates around the world to near zero ....
In 2012 Larry Summers ... and Brad DeLong ... suggested a large Keynesian stimulus ... the gains it would provide by boosting the growth rate of gdp might outstrip the cost of financing the debt … .
As the years went by ... the notion of borrowing for fiscal stimulus started to seem more tenable , even attractive … .
Governments ideally ought to make sure that new borrowing is doing things that will provide a lasting good , greater than the final cost of the borrowing .
If money is very cheap and likely to remain so , this will look like a fairly low bar …
Walter Womacka : Socialist " Realist " Stained Glass https://www.bradford-delong.com/2019/12/walter-womackas-socialist-realist-stained-glass.html:
‘ East Germany as it wished it had been , was , and would become …
Sagarmatha https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Everest…
Bertolt Brecht : To Those Born Afterward https://holgerszesnat.wordpress.com/2005/04/25/bertolt-brecht-to-those-born-later/…
URL to Interact https://url-to-interact.herokuapp.com/…
Daron Acemoglu : Colonial Origins Data Archive https://economics.mit.edu/faculty/acemoglu/data/ajr2001:
‘ The zipped data and program files necessary for reproducing the tables and figures in The Colonial Origins of Comparative Development : An Empirical Investigation ...
Wikipedia : Dark Shadows https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Shadows_(televised_storylines): ‘ Storylines …
Dan Seifert : Ring ’s Latest Security Camera Is a Drone that Flies Around Inside Your House https://www.theverge.com/2020/9/24/21453709/ring-always-home-cam-indoor-drone-security-camera-price-specs-features-amazon…
Chrystia Freeland : The rise of the New Global Super - Rich https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6NKdnZvdoo…
Walter Greason & Kari Leigh Merritt : The 2020 Election & Beyond https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9XvCoYh6Tk: ‘ Greason explains how we should not become solely focused on the upcoming election , but instead see the broader picture and honor the successes of the MOVEMENT .
He discusses his experiences as a multi-cultural organizer and lays out a brilliant plan to help save higher education ....
The importance of art , comics , and Afrofuturism ....
The importance of friendship , camaraderie , and community …
At a 1 % mortality rate , this means COVID - 19 had as of three weeks ago already burned through 1/10 of the African - American community — as opposed to 1/20 of the white American community .
But there is large differential mortality comparing African - Americans and white Americans as well , which I cannot now put my hands on good estimates of : Trevon Logan : ’ 1 in 1020 Black Americans https://twitter.com/TrevonDLogan/status/1309475741231460352 have died of COVID - 19 .
This is a very useful near real - time take on what is going on right now , out there in the economy : Raksha Kopparam & al. : Equitable Growth ’s Household Pulse Graphs : September 2 – 14 Edition https://equitablegrowth.org/equitable-growths-household-pulse-graphs-september-2-14-edition/:
‘ Over 50 percent of respondents in households making less than $ 50 K reported having experienced loss of employment income since March 13 …
I do not think we understand who the median effective investors in financial markets are , and why they think what they do : John Auther : It 's a Weird World Where FANGs Are a Haven Asset https://delong.typepad.com/files/column-authers-2020-09-21-fangs.pdf: ‘ FANG popularity ... rests on the perception that they are defensive ... eentrenched competitive position [s ] ... thought to offer safety .
Meanwhile , the banks are the polar opposite ….
[ Since ] March … the 10 - year Treasury yield … has oscillated … around ... 0.666 % level ... strange because the Federal Reserve is n’t yet formally attempting to control 10 - year yields , despite widespread speculation that it will start to do so before long .
And views on inflation ... have gone through huge changes during the .666 era …
Shapiro and Varian have long had great success by saying that the information - age economy raises little in the way of questions about antitrust that the First Gilded Age did not .
But that is not quite true : Michael Kades & Fiona Scott Morton : Interoperability as a Competition Remedy for Digital Networks https://equitablegrowth.org/working-papers/interoperability-as-a-competition-remedy-for-digital-networks/:
‘ Addressing entry barriers created by network effects is critical to remedying ... monopolization ... ( e.g. Facebook ) ....
Interoperability ... a necessary , but not necessarily a sufficient , condition ....
How to make an interoperability requirement effective ... how rulemaking could ameliorate these challenges …
Not even Johnson in Britain or Bolsonaro in Brazil has as limited and faulty a grasp of what 's what as American president .
And nobody in the administration appears to be doing anything constructive : Jonathan Bernstein : ‘ Some 200,000 people in the U.S. have died ....
https://delong.typepad.com/files/column-bernstein-2020-09-22-trump-denial.pdf
The fight against the pandemic ... has ... severely disrupted the lives of almost everyone .
For a dissenting view , however , we have the president …
“ Below the age of 18 , like — nobody …
It affects virtually nobody .... ” Emphasis added .
Look : I do n’t like to dwell on this stuff .
But ... this is monstrous behavior from any elected official …
Reporting from an Ohio county that went for Trump over HRC by 3 - to - 1 in 2016 , John Scalzi finds the Trumpists will be dead and damned before they will mask up themselves : John Scalzi : The State of Masking in Trump Country : An Anecdotal Report https://whatever.scalzi.com/2020/09/22/the-state-of-masking-in-trump-country-an-anecdotal-report/: ‘ Trump ... has made wearing them both political and a referendum on masculinity , so it ’s not entirely surprising if his supporters have followed suit .
Does this mean that I am getting terrible looks from dudes because I ’m wearing a mask ?
Not at all ; mostly everyone in Kroger and elsewhere is working on minding their own business … .
My anecdotal experience is anecdotal ….
I ’m not thrilled … .
What I ’m going to do is a ) stay home most of the time , b ) mask myself up when I do go out , and c ) keep out of the way of the maskless when I can , and I mostly can …
Plus :
This is by far the worst news I have seen in six months , because Aaron Carroll is a very credible observer and guide , and he is now profoundly depressed .
Given American political dysfunction and given the current prevalence of the virus , we need to get testing up to 10 million a day — and then act on what those tests tell us — to have a chance of pushing our current well below one so that anything like normal life can resume .
Yet there are no signs we are on a path to anything like that outcome :
Aaron Carroll : Stop Expecting Life to Go Back to Normal Next Year https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/15/opinion/coronavirus-precautions.html?smid=tw-share:
‘ We still need to figure out how to live in this new world , now , and that means embracing , finally , all the strategies for fighting the virus that many of us have resisted .
It ’s not too late to invest in testing both symptomatic and asymptomatic people .
Back in the spring , I estimated that we might need a million tests a week to manage the virus .
That estimate assumed that America would drive the prevalence rate of the disease into the ground , much as other countries did .
We failed ....
We need much more than a million tests a week ... ubiquitous , cheap , fast tests ... distributed widely ... isolate ... quarantine ....
We need to normalize mask - wearing ....
Finally , we need a functioning scientific infrastructure to provide detailed and specific plans ....
This is a marathon , not a sprint .
Both , though , require running …
Start with the propositions the role of the university system is to maximize societal value - added well also enabling upward social mobility .
With those goals in mind , we could then have discussions about ( a ) how much to invest in higher - education institutions ( b ) of which types , and ( c ) how to allocate places in those institutions , plus ( d ) what is the best way to finance that societal investment .
Very , very , very few discussions of admissions policies have this framing .
One result is that we know astonishingly little about the effects of different setups .
Here the very wise Zach Bleemer closes some of our knowledge gap :
Zachary Bleemer : Top Percent Policies & the Return to Postsecondary Selectivity http://zacharybleemer.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/ELC_Paper.pdf:
‘ University policies that boost the chances of admission for targeted groups with relatively low standardized test scores are highly controversial .
I provide new evidence on the impact of a “ top percent ” admissions policy implemented by the University of California ( UC ) system between 2001 and 2011 .
Eligibility in the Local Context ( ELC ) guaranteed admission to participating UC campuses for the top 4 percent of graduates from most California high schools .
Using a novel longitudinal database covering the ELC era ’s 1.7 million UC applicants –including each student ’s enrollments , degree attainment , and early - career earnings–and a regression discontinuity research design , I begin by showing that ELC eligibility increased the likelihood that barely - eligible applicants from bottom - SAT - quartile high schools enrolled at four selective UC campuses by 16 percentage points , all of whom would have otherwise enrolled at a less - selective public college or university in California .
Those barely - eligible ELC participants had higher five - year graduation rates than barely - ineligible students by 31 percentage points and higher annual mid-20s California earnings by $ 15,000 .
ELC participants who would have other - wise enrolled at community colleges or California ’s least - selective public universities benefited the most from UC enrollment under ELC ; indeed , universities ’ graduation rates are shown to effectively proxy ELC participants ’ causal effect of enrollment .
These results suggest that ELC participants substantially gained from increased overall university quality despite having lower average SAT scores than their UC peers by almost 300 points , dispelling concerns about mismatched university ‘ fit ’ for the targeted high - GPA low - SAT applicants ...
Eden Gardens in Kolkata is considered one of the finest cricket stadiums in the world
Search
Eden Gardens Cricket Stadium
Location : Dr. B. C. Roy Club House , Eden Gardens , Kolkata
Established : 1864
Seating Capacity : 100,000
Floodlights : Yes
End Names : High Court End , Pavilion End
Home Team : Bengal and Kolkata Knight Riders ( IPL )
Owner : The Cricket Association of Bengal
First Test : India vs. England - Jan 5 - 8 , 1934
First ODI : India vs. Pakistan - Feb 18 , 1987
Popularly called the Lord's of Asia , Eden Gardens is the oldest cricket ground in India and also one of the finest in the world .
It was established in the year 1864 and has the largest accommodation as compared to all the grounds in the world .
Though there is no definite information about the history of Eden Gardens , some believe that the land belonged to the Maharaja of Cooch - Behar , while some are of the opinion that it was the property of the Auckland Family .
However , one thing which is certain is that the land was conferred to Governor General 's family , who , in turn , presented it to the citizens of Calcutta for recreational purpose .
It was , then , that the Calcutta Cricket Club was established , Eden Gardens serving as it's headquarter .
In the year 1871 , the pavilion was built with which started the history of playing cricket in the ground , amidst Sylvan surroundings .
However , it was in the year 1917 - 18 that the first ever first - class match was played .
The foremost test match played was in the January of 1934 , against Douglas Jardine 's MCC .
Since this first match , the ground has hosted more test matches than any other venue in India .
Talking about the one day internationals , the first match was played in 1987 February against Pakistan .
Modernization Of Eden Garden
The first time ever Eden Gardens was revamped was in the 1987 World Cup .
Being the venue wherein the final match was to take place , the ground was given a face lift and covered stands were built all around , with a modern Club House and pavilion .
In the present times , the Club House holds as the office of the Cricket Association of Bengal .
Floodlights were first installed in the year 1993 , in the stadium , on the eve of the five - nation tournament , held to celebrate the CAB Diamond Jubilee .
The ground played host to all the day - night one - day international matches in the tournament .
Present Scenario
Eden Gardens holds the distinction of being the largest cricketing facility in the world .
It is a dream - come - true for all the cricketers in the world , when they play in this magnificent and gigantic lush green stadium .
Boasting of the largest seating arrangement in the world , the average number of people attending the matches has never been less than 50 , 000 .
The stadium is always filled with people , who cheer the players and keep their hopes alive .
However , on the flip side , crowd violence has marred some of the key matches played in this ground .
Eden Gardens , today , is basking in the glory and has reached the pinnacle of success .
Whether it was the epic India - Australia Test match in 2001 , or the hat - trick clinched by Indian spinner , Harbhajan Singh , against Australia or South Africa 's comeback into International cricket , or even matches against the arch- rivals Pakistan , Eden Gardens has always been known to produce some of the most exciting and electrifying cricket encounters .
The stadium is also the home ground of Kolkata Knight Riders , a franchise of the recently started India Premier League ( IPL ) .
Milestones At Eden Gardens
Contributed by jcr on 2010 - 06 - 04 from the manly dept .
If you 've ever opened up a raw man page in a text editor , somewhere in the back of your mind you heard the words of Arthur C. Clarke , " Any significantly advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic , " or the words of Larry Niven , " Any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology . "
Either way , you knew you had a lot to learn .
The recent and upcoming mandoc ( via mdocml ) changes are significant improvements to how manual pages are handled in OpenBSD .
This important work not only improves build times , but also improves rendering and flexibility .
Kristaps Dzonsons and Ingo Schwarze ( schwarze@ ) were kind enough to tell us about the ongoing work .
NOTE : If you find man page formatting bugs , please do not file a PR ( Problem Report ) with sendbug .
You should report problems directly to Kristaps and Ingo , or better to the mdocml mailing lists : discuss ...< AT >...mdocml.bsd.lv - high - level discussions and version announcements
tech ...< AT >...mdocml.bsd.lv - low - level discussions mdocml is being used by OpenBSD , NetBSD , and DragonflyBSD as well as in the ports collection of FreeBSD , so reporting problems properly upstream helps everyone .
Also , you should check the todo list Ingo Schwarze ( schwarze@ ) has put together so you do n't report an already known issue :
Just in case you missed it , Kristaps gave a presentation on mdocml at AsiaBSDCon 2009 ; Deprecating groff for BSD manual display .
You can find the paper and a video of the talk online .
Also , you should get familiar with the magic by reading the relevant documentation , both in OpenBSD itself and in the mdocml suite .
A nice description of the mdocml suite is at mdocml.bsd.lv
mdocml is a suite of tools compiling - mdoc , the roff macro package of choice for BSD manual pages , and - man , the predominant historical package for UNIX manuals .
The mission of mdocml is to deprecate groff , the GNU roff implementation , for displaying - mdoc pages whilst providing token support for - man .
Why ?
groff amounts to over 5 MB of source code , most of which is C++ and all of which is GPL .
It runs slowly , produces uncertain output , and varies in operation from system to system .
mdocml strives to fix this ( respectively small , C , ISC - licensed , fast and regular ) .
The core of mdocml is composed of the libmdoc , libman , and libroff validating compiler libraries .
All are simple , fast libraries operating on memory buffers , so they may be used for a variety of front - ends ( terminal - based , CGI and so on ) .
The front - end is mandoc , which formats manuals for display .
The mdocml suite is a BSD.lv Project member .
I wrote mandoc , so I can provide some historical bits .
mandoc exists because grohtml did n't let me change the colour of `.
Sh ' section headings .
I wanted to HTML - format the manuals for mult and sysjail ( cf. http://bsd.lv/) consistent with the style of the surrounding site and was upset when it did n't Just Work .
So I wrote a little tool to consume my manuals in - mdoc and directly produce CSS and HTML , so mdocml is short for mdoc2html and CVS dates my first check - ins at 18 months ago .
Anyway , 14 months ago mdocml branched into mdocterm and mdochtml , sometime before AsiaBSDCon - 2009 , where it was featured in a talk .
Soon after it went into OpenBSD .
mdocml begat mandoc , consolidating mdocterm and mdochtml with nroff - compatible arguments ( - Txx and - mxx ) around 12 months ago .
Soon after , mandoc took on - man via libman also about 12 months ago .
The only recent feature added was - Txhtml about 3 months ago .
The rest is accommodating for roff 's strangeisms , both in terms of input and output .
Today , mandoc is in the base system of OpenBSD ( linked to the build ! ) , NetBSD , and Dragon Fly BSD as well as in ports for FreeBSD .
mandoc 's main code contributors are Ingo Schwarze ( schwarze@ ) and Joerg Sonnenberger ( NetBSD ) .
Ingo has performed yeoman labour in fitting mandoc into OpenBSD 's build process , submitting patch after patch to get it working properly with OpenBSD manuals , and making it byte - compatible with GNU troff .
Joerg has also done considerable work to similar effect , and also contributed the compatibility layer that allows mandoc to work on most any Unix system .
Ingo and Joerg are the downstream contacts for OpenBSD and NetBSD .
Ulrich Sp�rlein is the downstream contact for FreeBSD and Sascha Wildner is the downstream for Dragon Fly BSD .
Many others , most significantly Jason McIntyre ( jmc@ ) , have tested mandoc on all manner of manuals .
I do ask that anybody with a manual please test with mandoc .
And if it does n't work , to cross- check mdoc.samples ( 7 ) and mdoc ( 7 ) to make sure that the manuals are n't broken before submitting a report .
Lastly , if one 's manuals are in - man format , for gods sakes re-write them in - mdoc format !
( Search for " Fixing on a Standard Language for UNIX Manuals " for the scoop ... )
From Kristaps Dzonsons :
When I made the mistake of filing an OpenBSD PR with sendbug on a man page formatting bug , Ingo was kind enough to send me the following .
In general , when groff copes , mandoc ought to cope , too .
Except for very rare exceptions .
We know there are still lots of small problems .
It is not difficult to dig up more of these than we can fix quickly by just running automatic comparisons across the tree .
The most helpful bug reports regarding non-fatal mandoc errors currently are those that report formatting errors with important consequences ( e.g. layout completely garbled to the point that one cannot figure out the content any more )
report one problem at a time
say precisely what goes wrong , best with man ( 7 ) / mdoc( 7 ) source code and groff and mandoc output
But even those need not go to the OpenBSD bug tracker , or we will quickly put more nits there than people want to see in that place .
Just send them to kristaps and me directly .
From Ingo Schwarze ( schwarze@ ) :
Except possibly for bare land , all items of trade , food , minerals , motor cars and other consumer goods rely on energy for their manufacture , and crude oil forms the largest share of the world ’s energy mix , followed by coal and gas .
Thus , if we plot world energy supply against world GDP , we should get a close relationship .
Oil is currently around 35 % of world energy supply .
Figure 1 below gives a plot of world GDP against world oil supply .
The GDP figures come from economist Angus Maddison , but other sources would give similar results .
I am perplexed ; I really cannot understand how the world ’s economists and commentators on the present precarious global financial situation have not come to the conclusion that must be obvious to all persons who have followed peak oil .
Money is not a disembodied quantity ; it is related to the real world by means of what people can exchange it for .
In particular the relation between energy and money must be very tight to the extent that money pretty well must be a token for energy and therefore for oil .
The oil data comes from BP statistics ( from 1967 ) and Realty earlier .
The plots are the natural logarithm of each against time , starting around 1950 to the present .
With these plots the slopes of the lines give the percentage increase per annum and these increases are shown on the plots .
There are four regions of interest on the figure , the first region is from 1950 to 1974 and the data for this time shows that the increase in world oil supply was around 7.3 % p.a. compared to the increase in world GDP of around 4.6 % p.a..
Or in other words , a 1 % p.a. increase in oil supply produced a 0.63 % p.a. increase in world GDP .
The second region of interest is the period of the 1970s oil crisis when turmoil in the Middle East hiked prices and restricted supply .
During this time the world changed the relation between oil and GDP dramatically .
Energy efficiency was improved and energy intensity , that is the ratio of energy use to GDP , decreased , such that in the third period , from the mid 1980s until recently , the increase in world GDP to increase in world energy supply reversed and during this time a 1.6 % p.a. increase in oil supply was able to produce a 3.2 % p.a. increase in GDP .
That is the world GDP increased at double the oil supply increase .
Now a change in the increase by a factor of two means that if we plot oil use against the square root of the world GDP the slopes should be the same on average .
This plot is shown in figure 2 .
Figure 2 : oil production in million barrels per day plotted against the square root of world GDP in constant ( US $ )
As can be seen , the relationship is very close except after 2005 , the fourth region of interest .
How can that be ?
World GDP still increases at 3.2 % per annum until 2008 , but oil production is pretty much flat .
At first sight it looks as if world oil use has been decoupled from the world economy ?
But , what about world debt ?
Figure 3 shows two sets of data , one from the CIA World Fact Book ( total external debt ) and the other from the Economist ( Magazine ) Intelligence Unit ( public debt ) , see : http://buttonwood.economist.com/content/gdc over the past decade .
Finding any data sets back in time for total external debt has proven difficult , any help would be appreciated .
The CIA Fact Book data is pretty erratic in terms of what country data are available before 2005 with only a few countries in a complete set from 2003 to 2009 .
The data from these countries do , however , suggest debt levels accelerating after 2005 : see figure 4 .
The data set from the Economist , for public debt only , is shown in figure 5 .
Data from the International Monetary Fund gives reasonably good data for developing country debt but the data for the wealthy countries does not appear in their databases .
Presumably because the wealthy countries were thought to be too big to fail !
Of course some countries may have reason to hide their real position as it would be likely to affect their credit ratings and hence their economy ( e.g. Greece ) .
But with world GDP hovering around the 60 trillion level as of 2009 , it is clear that world external debt is now close to world GDP and that debt will make it difficult to cope with a falling oil supply .
Economists of the Keynesian variety , who are still advocating even more debt to stimulate growth , may be in for trouble .
In Keynes ’s time when there was an increasing supply of oil at 7.34 % p.a. this could have worked , but not at the present .
Figure 3 : world debt from 1999 to 2010
Figure 4 : total external debt as a fraction of 2009 GDP for a small selection of counties that the debt data is available for in the CIA fact book database
Figure 5 : World Public
Debt for the most indebted 21 countries , plus the rest of world
The debt information is pretty suggestive of what is going on , and that is , the reason the world has been able to keep increasing GDP since 2005 is because it has been borrowing from the future to fund the addiction to economic growth .
But this situation cannot continue without serious problems in terms of repayment .
And we have imminent peak oil , with the consensus dawning that soon after 2011 oil supply is highly likely to start declining with decline rates anywhere between 2 % and 8 % per annum .
The 64 trillion dollar question is what will happen to world GDP ?
Robert Hirsh in his 2008 Energy Policy paper has suggested that GDP will decline at around the same rate as oil supply , so if oil supply declines at 4 % per annum then world GDP will also decline at 4 % per annum .
If the current ratio is anything to go on , then 4 % decline in oil may produce an 8 % decline in GDP , but the situation is not likely to be symmetric or for that matter linear .
With a large debt hanging around it is also likely that the world monetary system is at risk of imploding ( see Gail Tverberg ’s recent posts on debt repayments in a situation of decreasing wealth .
http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6439).
With peak oil and large world debt coinciding it thus seems as if we are staring down the barrel of a highly non linear event and if you factor in climate change it may be a double barreled , highly non linear , pair of events .
The fact that your player keeps fighting after he or she dies in Guild Wars 2 is almost as shocking as the fact that the game has no dedicated healer class .
ArenaNet 's Jon Peters , Eric Flannum , and Isaiah Cartwright explain .
Advertisement
Guild Wars 2 is n't going to be your average massively - multiplayer role - playing game .
Developer ArenaNet has made that perfectly clear countless times since the follow - up to the original free - to - play MMO was first revealed .
Each new feature that comes to light draws it further and further away from standard MMO conventions , and that 's got fans of the genre excited .
Take death , for instance .
When you die in other MMO titles you generally have to either wait for a healer to come resurrect you , or respawn near your corpse with some sort of temporary penalty placed on your stats .
Sometimes you even lose experience points .
Dying can really kill the fun of a gameplay session .
Advertisement
But death is is n't the end in Guild Wars 2 .
As the game 's lead developer Eric Flannum puts it , " We wanted Guild Wars 2 to be a game about taking chances , taking risks , and exciting gameplay .
Not a game about not dying . "
To that effect , the death system in Guild Wars 2 takes a cue from shooters like Modern Warfare .
" One of the things we 're not shy about is looking at other genres and going ' this is fun in other games , why ca n't we take it and make it work in the MMO space ? " says Flannum .
Much like Modern Warfare 's Last Stand perk or Borderlands ' Second Wind mechanic , when you die , you enter what is called a down state .
In your down state , you have four skills you can use to try and take down your attackers , three dictated by your class , and one available to all classes .
Advertisement
Should you manage to exact revenge before your consciousness meter runs out , you 'll rally , getting back up on your feet and back into the game .
If you do die , you can either wait for a player to revive you - all character classes in Guild Wars 2 can revive - or ravel to any previously visited waypoint and revive there for a small fee .
Advertisement
The fact that every class can revive demonstrates another key feature of Guild Wars 2 .
There are no dedicated healing classes .
Each character is in charge of his or her own healing .
" All the healing that happens in the game - the main meat of healing is your personal heal skill , " says Isaiah Cartwright , one of the game 's designers .
" You are in charge of your health .
Other people can help you and support you say by pulling a creature off of you , or provide minor healing , but nothing as effective as you do yourself . "
Advertisement
Not only are there no main healers , there are no main tanks , and no DPS .
These archetypal roles , commonly accepted as standard in other MMOs , have no place in Guild Wars 2 .
But how can that possibly work ?
Do n't you need an assigned tank , someone to heal that tank , and someone to do damage ?
That 's not the way Guild Wars 2 is built .
Each class will be able to take on different roles .
Advertisement
Why ?
Because it cuts down on two major problems inherit in today 's MMO titles .
First , you wo n't need to make sure your party has a good healing class and a good tanking class , and other classes wo n't have to sit on the sidelines , waiting for a tank or healer to free up for them .
Second , it stops parties from getting trashed when the tank or healer goes down .
Says Cartwright , " " In those games when your tank goes down and your healer does n't , you 're done for .
Any single profession mistake done for .
In Guild Wars 2 , if your tank goes down , one of your DPA switches and can hold while you get your tank back in the fray . "
Advertisement
But what about those folks who enjoy being the healer or the tank ?
The ones that feel important in their roles ?
Flannum says they 'll just have to share the glory .
" We do n't want the game to value one profession over the other .
We want everyone to feel like they are wanted .
Instead of grouping with someone because they are a good healer or a good tank , we want people to group with others because they 're a cool player to interact with , cool player … those things matter more . "
Advertisement
And it makes for cooler gameplay as well .
The dynamic nature of death and the healing roles make for amazing storytelling moments , like the one game designer Jon Peters relayed to me during our interview .
" Eric and Isaiah were playing just the other day , and they pulled too many creatures .
Both went down .
Isaiah used a skill called Vengeance to revive himself , and then revived Eric , who used a skill to become temporarily invulnerable .
Isaiah 's Vengeance wears off , Eric revives him , and they go on to win the fight . "
Advertisement
Those are the sort of magic moments missing from many of today 's MMOs .
It could make Guild Wars 2 stand out from the rest of the pack .
According to Flannum , these big changes to the genre come from ArenaNet 's dedication to their vision .
Advertisement
" One of the things we 're doing that I think we do n't see other companies doing as much , is we 're embracing the direction we 're taking .
You can do it part - ways , or you can just go for it "
Sounds like AreaNet is definitely going for it .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Check out the ArenaNet blog for more information on death and healing in Guild Wars 2 .
According to the July 15 , 2010 NASA article ' NASA Finds Super Hot Planet with Unique Comet - Like Tail , ' NASA astronomers have discovered , with the use of the Hubble Space Telescope , a ''¦ baked object that could be called a ' cometary planet . "
' The gas giant planet , named HD 209458 b , is orbiting so close to its star that its heated atmosphere is escaping into space . ' The planet is about 153 light - years from Earth , has a mass slightly less than the mass of our own gas giant planet Jupiter , and orbits its star about one hundred times closer than Jupiter orbits the Sun .
And , it orbits even closer than the nearest planet to the Sun , Mercury , in our own Solar System .
HD 209458 b orbits its star ( HD 209458 ) once every 3.5 days , while Mercury orbits the Sun once every 88 days .
The Cosmic Origins Spectograph ( COS ) , which is part of the series of instruments onboard Hubble , took the images that show ''¦ powerful stellar winds are sweeping the cast - off atmospheric material behind the scorched planet and shaping it into a comet - like tail .
' Dr. Jeffrey LInsky , an astronomer with the University of Colorado ( Boulder ) and one of the scientists with the COS study , stated within the article : ' Since 2003 scientists have theorized the lost mass is being pushed back into a tail , and they have even calculated what it looks like .
We think we have the best observational evidence to support that theory .
We have measured gas coming off the planet at specific speeds , some coming toward Earth .
The most likely interpretation is that we have measured the velocity of material in a tail .
"
The results of their observations of the extrasolor planet ( or exoplanet ) HD 209458 b is published in the July 10 , 2010 issue ( volume 717 , number 2 ; doi : 10.1088/0004-637X/717/2/1291 ) of The Astrophysical Journal , under the title ' Observations of Mass Loss from the Transiting Exoplanet HD 209458B .' Page two continues .
The University of Colorado astronomers state in the abstract to their paper , ' Using the new Cosmic Origins Spectrograph on the Hubble Space Telescope , we obtained moderate - resolution , high signal / noise ultraviolet spectra of HD 209458 and its exoplanet HD 209458 b during transit , both orbital quadratures , and secondary eclipse . '
 And , ' We compare transit spectra with spectra obtained at non-transit phases to identify spectral features due to the exoplanet 's expanding atmosphere . ' Further , ' Assuming hydrodynamic model values for the gas temperature and outflow velocity at the limb of the outflow as seen in the C II lines , we find mass - loss rates in the range ( 8 - 40 ) Ã— 10gs - 1 ( grams per second ) .
These rates assume that the carbon abundance is solar , which is not the case for the giant planets in the solar system .
Our mass - loss rate estimate is consistent with theoretical hydrodynamic models that include metals in the outflowing gas .
" Specifically , the COS instrument found carbon and silicon in the planet 's atmosphere , a atmosphere that is as hot as 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit ( 1093 degrees Celsius ) .
The outflow of material from the exoplanet is not flowing out at the same speed however .
Dr. Linsky explains , " We found gas escaping at high velocities , with a large amount of this gas flowing toward us at 22,000 miles [ 35,400 kilometers ] per hour .
This large gas flow is likely gas swept up by the stellar wind to form the comet - like tail trailing the planet .
" Page three concludes .
The NASA article also make this interesting observation : ' Although this extreme planet is being roasted by its star , it wo n't be destroyed anytime soon .
" Dr. Kinsky adds ,
' It will take about a trillion years for the planet to evaporate , " The MSNBC article 'S corched alien planet has a comet tail ' furthers the story , plus adds an artist 's interpretation of what the comet - like planet looks like with respect to its star .
This is Seagrove Beach .
On the right side of the screen you can see a photo of this beautiful touristic area before the spill .
The unthinkable .
Internet users throughout the world , and particularly in the United States , have long been chastened to hear of South Korea ’s legendary broadband penetration .
The urbanized , technologically - advanced nation has been famous for rolling out ultra high speed network for the majority of its citizens , and many of us have looked on with envy .
However , it turns out it ’s not all good news .
An OSNews reader gives us the skinny from the trenches in Korea .
Living in South Korea could be a hassle for anybody relying on the internet , especially for me who just started to live in this country and reporting the situation .
South Korea still uses ActiveX for their daily internet usage , so Internet Explorer today is the only de facto browser of choice in South Korea .
Thus , most of the internet cafes ( PC - bang in Korean ) installs Windows XP on their computers with a semi-predicted surprise .
Then there is the Registration Number System or i-PIN for the majority of South Korean websites if you want to use their services .
As you know , the internet - related usage of one ’s private identification number very often leads to multitude of frauds from leaking one ’s financial information , residential address , and family relations .
This kind of crime is very rampant over here , believe it or not .
That ’s not all : internet in South Korea often encounters so many social issues that the South Korean government tries to stamp down anonymity .
Yes , South Korea is a democratic country on paper .
However not many people know that it is one of the biggest internet police states in the world ( without any help from Google or Microsoft ) .
Although I ’m using old news examples to explain the big picture , it could be worse as foreigners in South Korea encounter horrible experiences over this particular online environment .
Independence
Thanissaro Bhikkhu July 4 , 2003
Independence Day .
A good time to ask yourself what you ’d like to be independent from .
What are the things that weigh down on the mind , that oppress the mind ?
If you ask most people , they ’ll talk about things outside : their job , their family , their worries about the economy or the environment .
But if you look deeply in your own mind , you ’ll realize that the main burdens on the mind are the things that come from within .
This is why the mind needs to be trained .
If the mind is n’t trained , it just keeps on creating suffering for itself without realizing what it ’s doing .
The phrase we chanted just now —
“ Those who do n’t discern suffering ” — on the surface sounds very strange , for everybody knows suffering .
We ’ve all suffered in one way or another in our lives .
But the issue is :
Do we really discern suffering ?
Do we really understand it ?
Do we see precisely what ’s happening ?
If we could look into the way the mind is creating suffering for itself , to the point where we really understand it and take it apart , then that ’s the end of it .
That ’s what comprehension means .
As the Buddha once said , our duty with regard to suffering is to comprehend it , to understand it to the point where you stop creating it , where you can let it go .
All the causes , all the conditions that lead to it : you can let them go .
That way the problems you ’re responsible for totally disband .
As for the rest of the world outside , it goes along with its own way , but it does n’t make inroads on the mind , ca n’t weigh the mind down .
Those are the good benefits of learning to understand or learning to discern suffering .
But for most of us , our lives are distracted with other things , other issues that seem to be more pressing — and they make themselves more pressing .
They demand that we take responsibility for them .
It requires a real act of will to step outside of those requirements , those responsibilities , and to take the time to really look into the mind to see exactly where the suffering is , what the suffering is , where it ’s coming from , and how it can be stopped .
The Buddha once said all he taught was suffering and the end of suffering — in other words , how to understand it to the point where you put an end to it .
That ’s the essence of the teaching .
Once that was accomplished , he said , that ’s all you really need to be taught .
From that point on you ’re truly independent .
In the texts they describe stages in understanding suffering , stages of awakening .
Total freedom is called arahantship .
To become an arahant means you become someone worthy , someone worthy of respect .
The first stage on the way is called stream - entry .
You enter the stream to nirvana , the stream to true peace .
The meaning of the image is that once you reach that point it ’s inevitable , just like getting into a river .
The current will carry you down to the ocean — nirvana — for sure .
So it ’s important to reflect on the conditions that the Buddha said lead to that first stage of insight .
The first of these conditions is having good friends , people who have discerned suffering , have come to an understanding of it .
Not only do they have that understanding , but they also lead their lives in line with the fact that they really have understood .
This is an important condition for the practice because you find that the people you hang around are the ones who shape your own behavior , your own attitudes .
Even if you are simply reacting against them , the way they think has a molding effect on your own thoughts , so you have to be careful who you hang around with .
This is what you might call the social side of the practice .
The second condition is that you listen to the Dhamma from those people .
You really listen .
And the Buddha gives instructions on how to know what ’s Dhamma and what ’s not , the litmus test being to put what you ’ve heard into practice .
But before you get to that point , you first have to think about it .
You have to ask questions .
This is what ’s radical about the Buddha ’s teaching , the emphasis placed on asking questions , on framing the right questions .
He calls this ability “ appropriate attention , ” paying attention to the right issues — in other words , the issues related to the end of suffering and precisely what your mind is doing to create suffering .
This factor — appropriate attention — is the third condition for stream - entry .
Our ordinary tendency is to blame our suffering on this person or that person , not liking what this person is doing , not liking what that person is doing , getting upset , getting offended , and running off in that direction without looking at what the mind itself is doing .
So the first question is to look inside .
If you put a particular teaching into practice , what results do you get ?
Do you find more passion , more aversion in your life , or less ?
Do you find that you ’re more burdensome to yourself and other people , or less ?
As you work through these questions and test the Dhamma that you ’ve listened to , you get a better and better sense of how to practice in the Dhamma in line with what the Dhamma really is , the Dhamma here being the truth , the truth that leads to the end of suffering .
This is the fourth condition for stream - entry .
So those are the four conditions : associating with good people , listening to the Dhamma , appropriate attention , and practicing the Dhamma in line with the Dhamma .
It sounds like a one , two , three , four process , but it ’s not really .
All four factors influence one another .
As you put the Dhamma into practice that ’s both a test of the Dhamma you ’ve heard and also a test of the people you ’ve been listening to , to see if they really are the good people you thought they were .
So these things are all connected .
And all four factors help refine one another as you practice .
And as the Buddha once said , of the external factors the most important one is associating with good people .
Of the internal factors , the most important is the factor of appropriate attention , learning to ask yourself the right questions : questioning your attitudes , questioning the results you ’re getting from your actions .
Even though we may be sitting here with our eyes closed , we do n’t blind ourselves , we do n’t close our eyes to what ’s going on in our lives .
We close our eyes so we can look more carefully , look more fully into the mind .
So ask yourself directly :
What are you doing right now ?
What are the results of what you ’re doing ?
Are they satisfactory ?
So many people go through life habitually , on automatic pilot .
They develop a habit and then stick with that habit , becoming more and more ingrained in certain ways of doing things .
This is basically the definition of addiction : people trying to put an end to the suffering they feel , not really quite getting there , but continuing to repeat the same old actions over and over and over again .
And the habits have an old familiarity .
It ’s like an old shoe you feel comfortable wearing .
It may not be a particularly good shoe , or particularly good for your posture , but you ’re comfortable with it because it ’s familiar .
What we ’re doing when we ’re practicing is learning how to ask the kind of questions that break out of the old familiar mold , break out of the old familiar habits , break our old addictions — our ways of doing things that really have n’t gotten the ideal results , but where we ’ve learned to settle for second best , sometimes not even second best : third or fourth .
Each time you sit down to meditate , remind yourself :
What are you here for ?
You want real happiness .
Have you found it ?
Well , no .
If not , then what can you do to change what you ’re doing ?
Develop the ability to keep asking that question and to be trying new things .
That ’s what appropriate attention is all about .
That way you can really find what it means to practice the Dhamma in line with the Dhamma .
That was one of Ajaan Mun ’s most frequent topics in his Dhamma talks .
He said that we should practice the Dhamma not in line with our preconceived notions , not in line with whatever our cultural background may be , or our sense that , “ Well I ’m the sort of person who does these things this way so it ’s going to have to be this way . ”
We learn to drop those attitudes in order to find out what the actual Dhamma is , what the practice of the true Dhamma is .
And then you bring your own actions , your own thoughts , your own words , your deeds , your own attitudes in line with that .
This requires a fair amount of sacrifice , a fair amount of letting go .
So many old ways we have of doing things we ’ve got to learn how to put aside .
We often resist this , but when we ’re willing to put them aside we find that things open up in the mind .
If it were n’t possible to change , there would be no reason to teach the Dhamma .
The Buddha would n’t have had to waste his time .
But he saw that it can make a difference , that people can change their ways of living , ways of thinking , ways of acting and speaking for the better when they learn how to ask the right questions .
And particularly when they look at the issue of suffering in terms of cause and effect .
Exactly what goes along with the suffering ?
The texts use the word samudaya , which means origination , but it also means something that arises together .
Every time there ’s suffering , what else arises at the same time in the mind ?
When the suffering goes away , what ’s gone ?
When it ’s come back again , what else has come back with it ?
You want to learn how to look into these questions , and that requires good , strong concentration , and steady mindfulness , which is why we work on these qualities in the meditation .
This kind of questioning also requires a sense of wellbeing in the present moment so that you ’re not asking out of desperation , you ’re not either grasping at straws or pushing things away out of irritation , for understanding does n’t come that way .
Understanding comes from looking at things consistently , steadily , and asking those questions in terms of cause and effect , being more sensitive to what we ’re doing , and more sensitive to the results .
And when these factors finally come together — the stillness , the questioning , the sensitivity — they take all the things we ’ve been doing to create suffering , to make ourselves dependent on suffering , to tie ourselves down , and they unravel them .
And when we no longer tie ourselves down , no one else can come to tie us back up , for our freedom , our independence , was n’t theirs to give in the first place .
It ’s something that each of us can find for ourselves .
Enlarge By Pat Sullivan , AP BP CEO Tony Hayward , standing in the BP command center , updates reporters on efforts to clean up the catastrophic oil leak off the Louisiana coast Thursday , June 3 , 2010 in Houston .
HOUSTON ( AP )  BP is already fighting an oil gusher it can't contain and watching its mighty market value wither away .
Its own bumbling public - relations efforts are making a big mess worse .
Not only has it made a series of gaffes — none greater than the CEO 's complaint that " I 'd like my life back " — the company has n't even followed its own internal guidelines for damage control after a spill .
Executives have quibbled about the existence of undersea plumes of oil , downplayed the potential damage early in the crisis and made far - too - optimistic predictions for when the spill could be stopped .
BP 's steadiest public presence has been the ever - present live TV shot of the untamed gusher .
What BP has lacked , crisis management experts say , has been much of a show of human compassion .
" All crises are personal , " said Richard Levick , who runs a public relations firm , Levick Strategic Communications , that advises companies .
" Action and sacrifice is absolutely critical . "
The best move for BP 's image , of course , would be to stop the leak .
That has proved difficult enough , with one fix after another failing and estimates of the severity of the spill growing by the week .
Failing a solution , Daniel Keeney , president of a Dallas - based PR firm , suggested putting CEO Tony Hayward in a hard hat and life vest , helping crews contain and clean up the spill .
" You want to get him right in the thick of things , even if he looks somewhat uncomfortable doing it , " Keeney said .
Levick suggested BP could have cut gas prices at its stations along the Gulf Coast — a show of financial solidarity .
BP has taken a stab at soothing angry Americans , airing a slick , multimillion - dollar national TV spot this week in which Hayward pledges : " We will make this right . "
Hayward also promised BP would clean up every drop of oil and " restore the shoreline to its original state . "
President Obama said the money spent on the ads should have gone to cleanup and compensating devastated fisherman and small business owners .
And even those efforts violate the company 's own prescription for damage control .
Its own spill plan , filed last year with the federal government , says of public relations : " No statement shall be made containing any of the following : promises that property , ecology or anything else will be restored to normal . "
On top of everything else , BP can't figure out what to say about its dividend .
Lawmakers in the U.S. insist the company must look after the devastated people of the Gulf before paying its shareholders .
But in Britain , legions of retirees count on the steady payouts .
And earlier this week when Wall Street freaked out over the prospect of billions of dollars in BP liabilities and sent its stock to its lowest point since the mid-1990s , the company response was positively tone - deaf .
" The company is not aware of any reason which justifies this share price movement , " the company said early Thursday , after its stock was hammered on New York and European exchanges .
Almost from the beginning , BP has been as unable to control its public message as it has the spill itself .
Hayward was ridiculed for telling reporters " I 'd like my life back " earlier in the crisis , remarks the families of some of the 11 men killed in the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig felt were insensitive .
He also suggested that the environmental impact of the spill would be " very , very modest . "
Former Shell chairman John Hofmeister said it might have been more appropriate for senior U.S. executives of the company to take the heat .
Hayward is an Englishman , and BP is based in Britain .
" I think it was a mistake for Tony Hayward to come and put his physical presence in the U.S. , " Hofmeister said .
" The U.S. has its own culture and traditions .
Foreign companies can come and do business there , but they are not necessarily welcomed . "
BP 's chief operating officer , Doug Suttles , an American , was rolled out for interviews , but his aides grumbled Hayward was stealing the spotlight .
Hayward 's decision to present a video explaining BP's " top kill " attempt took the company 's Louisiana command by surprise .
As for Suttles himself , he insisted this week that there were no massive underwater oil plumes in " large concentrations " from the spill .
To NBC , he offered that it " may be down to how you define what a plume is here . "
The government had said three tests confirmed oil as far as three - fifths of a mile below the surface of the Gulf , at least 40 miles away from the site of the gushing well .
Suttles also predicted the spill would be reduced to a " relative trickle " by early next week .
BP later sought to walk the comments back , saying the company was optimistic but that getting the spill to a trickle would take more time .
By late this week , the government had reported that the spill was spewing the equivalent of the Exxon Valdez disaster into the Gulf every two weeks or less , with the catastrophe nearing the end of its second month .
Since the April 20 explosion , BP has parachuted its own staff , plus staff from at least two independent public - relations firms , to deal with the deluge of round - the - clock media inquiries .
Early on in the crisis , BP and government officials held daily in - person briefings with media , allowing questions .
In recent days and weeks , officials have increasingly resorted to teleconferences with reporters and have limited the ability to ask questions and the number of questions that could be asked .
In Houston , where BP has set up a U.S. command center , company PR officials have grown weary of reporters going directly to engineers and other higher - ups for information , at times trying to insist media go through them first .
Spokesman Robert Wine said in an e-mail to the Associated Press that media visits to the Houston center are " very carefully controlled and sparingly arranged " by design .
" The rooms that are shown are full of the teams who WILL make a difference on the result of this crisis , " Wine wrote .
" Every second they are not helping with media visits is time they are not doing the ' day job . ' "
In the meantime , BP has been buying up spill - related search terms on Google and Yahoo , so that links to its own oil - response sites pop up first .
BP says the idea is to help people on the Gulf find the right forms and people quickly and effectively .
Others suggest it 's a move to steer searchers away from bad press for BP .
" It is clearly trying to protect its brand image , " said Matthew Whiteway , director of campaign management at London consulting firm Greenlight , which says 95 % of BP 's search listings are rated very negative .
Crisis management experts say the only reliable way to repair BP 's badly tarnished image is the obvious one — to plug the hole .
" Crisis management is about fixing the problem .
It 's not about looking good , " said Tony Jaques , a crisis management consultant in Melbourne , Australia .
" BP has done some things that have not been smart , but really , what would they have done to look good in this kind of situation anyway ? "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Præfektura apostolica Poli arcici- The Polar Prefecture
Norway was partly converted to Christianity already in the 11th century , although the heathen believes continued to stay strong in certain regions of the country .
In the 17th Century the nation was turned over to protestantism by force after the so called " Reformation " and a Lutheran " State Church " was imposed on everybody .
For more than 2 Centuries it was forbidden to practise Catholicism in the region .
But in 1855 the See of Rome was able to start a new mission in Norway and the Polar Region ; the " Præfektura apostolica Poli arcici . "
And even though most Catholics abandoned their Catholic Traditions in order to be accepted by the Second Vatican Council sect , there are still Catholics left ..
People who wish to stay faithful to the Teachings of the ancient , never changing Catholic Church , with it 's Papacy , Doctrines and Traditions .
People who reject heresies like modernism , freemasonry , false ecumenism and " salvation " in foreign religions .
Regular Catholics in other words .
They worked without a contract for seven months .
Finally , on April 1 after their employer announced a unilateral change in the terms of their employment , the 1500 nurses and technical workers at Temple University Hospital went on strike .
After nearly a month on the picket line , numerous rallies , visits to City Council and other outreach efforts , they brought the hospital administration to the table and won a contract .
And last week , the Pennsylvania Bureau of Unemployment Compensation ruled in their favor and that they were due jobless pay for their time away from work .
This vindication of the union ’s position capped a months long many sided struggle .
The Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals ( PASNAP ) waged a campaign to persuade the public and the press that they were fighting to preserve working conditions that protected and benefitted both patients and workers .
Issues of staffing levels and the administration ’s attempt to return to unlimited shift rotation were among the bones of contention .
As the months dragged on , the hospital added new demands and increased the pressure on the union .
A particular provocation was the administration ’s attempt to impose a legal “ gag order ” which would have barred workers from publicly criticizing administration practices at the hospital .
The issue that proved to the PA Compensation Board that the administration had provoked the strike was their decision to stop the highly valued tuition benefit for members ’ children and dependents .
Temple originally announced in March of 2009 that it intended to drop the benefit as of June 2010 .
When , in March of this year , the hospital refused a union offer to continue working under the terms of the previous contract , including the tuition policy , the union announced the strike date .
PASNAP president Patricia Eakin spoke with the World after the settlement , but before the Board ’s favorable decision .
She emphasized that the union had succeeded in protecting hard won gains , in resisting a newly aggressive management negotiating stance exemplified by the gag order demand , and in defeating the open shop .
The union also won raises totaling 7.5 percent over three years .
She felt that a key factor was the union ’s determination to include representation from all job categories on the negotiating committee .
The difficult decision to go out when they did had deep support from the diverse membership as a result .
The strike had strong support throughout and resulted in dramatically raising the level of trade union and political consciousness among the membership .
Eakin also credited active support from the Philadelphia labor movement , which led to the passage of a resolution of support from the City Council , as a major factor in the outcome .
She also felt that the strike spotlighted the challenges and the broader issues in healthcare and showed that “ more than ever , we need a national healthcare system .
Single payer is the only logical way to save money and have quality care . ”
.
Dynamic Epistemic Logic : solving the puzzles from Hans van Ditmarsch 's tutorial course on Dynamic Epistemic Logic , NASSLLI 2010 , June 20 , 2010 .
See also
Dynamic Epistemic Logic and Knowledge Puzzles H.P. van Ditmarsch , W. van der Hoek , and B.P. Kooi http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~wiebe/pubs/Documents/iccs.pdf
Epistemic Puzzles Hans van Ditmarsch http://www.cs.otago.ac.nz/staffpriv/hans/cosc462/logicpuzzlesB.pdf
We encode the statement of the problem as a filter on possible worlds .
The possible worlds consistent with the statement of the problem are the solutions .
" Agent A does not know proposition phi " is interpreted
as the statement that for all worlds consistent with the propositions A currently knows , phi is true in some but false in the others .
http://okmij.org/ftp/Algorithms.html#dyn-epistemology
What most people know about inflation is that it makes things more expensive .
A simple definition of inflation is that it ’s the increase in the cost of goods and services over a time period in either a national or international economy .
It ’s usually expressed as a yearly percentage , and inflation rates are often measured by a variety of indexes , including the Department of Commerce ’s Personal Consumption Expenditure .
The main effects of inflation are better interest rates for savings accounts and higher costs of living , but there are several more nuanced effects to watch out for as you manage your money .
Learning a little more about the different types of inflation and how they could impact your life both positively and negatively can help you make better financial decisions , especially when it comes to protecting your money now and in the long run .
5 Positive Effects of Inflation
Not all outcomes of inflation are bad .
In fact , maintaining a healthy rate of inflation is good for the economy .
Here are five positive effects of inflation :
Make Your Money Work for You
1. You ’ll Get Better Savings Account Rates
Investors with short - term goals might invest in a high - interest savings account if they think they would need access to their funds in the near future .
If this sounds like you , your short - term savings could get a boost because increasing inflation often prompts the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates .
So you could benefit from a better return on money sitting in your cash or savings account .
2 . It ’s Cheaper to Travel Abroad
Inflation and higher interest rates push the American dollar higher .
Yes , things cost more at home , but inflation also makes purchases in foreign countries cheaper when you pay with U.S. dollars .
This includes the cost of travel , hotel and food , as well as purchasing items while you ’re abroad .
So celebrate inflation by taking a trip outside the U.S .
Read : Going Abroad ?
15 Smart Ways to Travel With Money
3 . It Offsets Negative Effects of Deflation
The opposite of inflation is deflation , which results in lower prices on many things , like grocery items .
Deflation might sound good on the surface because it increases the value of your money .
In reality , however , deflation leads to sluggish sales for the grocers and retailers , which in turn impacts the share price of these companies , part of our overall stock market and economy .
A little inflation to keep deflation at bay is a good thing .
Make Your Money Work for You
In the U.S. , the Federal Reserve considers inflation rates of about two percent per year as healthy for the economy .
Two percent is the target inflation rate because it minimizes the chances of falling prices and wages , which can weaken an economy .
4. Wages Will Be Higher
As inflation pushes the price of goods and services higher , it ’s also positively correlated with higher wages .
A tight job market might lead to wage growth , which is seen as one of the causes of inflation .
Not only do companies find they need to offer better salaries to new hires , they ’ll also have to pay more attention to fairly compensating their existing employees in order to retain the talent they already have .
This means if you ’ve been looking around for a new job as inflation is rising , you could get paid more at a new company , but you might also have an increased opportunity for a raise .
5 . You ’ll Get Cost - of - Living Adjustments
Even if you do n’t have the money to invest in stocks , gold or other assets that might be positively impacted by rising inflation , a little inflation could still benefit your financial situation .
Recipients of Social Security and Supplemental Security Income could see an increase in their monthly payments when the Consumer Price Index , one of the inflation measures , goes up .
This is called a cost - of - living adjustment , and it means you ’ll have a few more dollars to cover your monthly budget .
Make Your Money Work for You
Find Out : How to Prepare for Social Security Changes
5 Negative Effects of Inflation
Along with the good , there are also some bad outcomes of inflation .
Here are five negative effects of inflation :
1. Stuff Costs More
With inflation , prices of pretty much everything start to rise .
Medical care and prices for prescription drugs could increase , and your rent could also go up .
And unless your paycheck goes up at least as much as the inflation rate , you ’ll be trying to pay for the increased costs of items on the same income , so inflation can be tough on the wallet — especially during hyperinflation .
Hyperinflation occurs when very high rates of inflation spiral out of control .
Also keep an eye out for the phrase “ core inflation , ” which is an inflation measurement that excludes certain volatile markets like energy and food .
On the other hand , if you see the term “ all - items Consumer Price Index , ” note that it ’s a measure of economy - wide inflation .
The current inflation rate as represented by the June 2016 all - items CPI is 1 percent higher than it was in June 2015 , based on reports from the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Research Service , according to the High Plains / Midwest Ag Journal .
Make Your Money Work for You
2. Borrowing Money Is More Expensive
Many Americans borrow money from a lender at some point in their lives whether it ’s in the form of a student loan consolidation , car loan or a mortgage .
And when inflation rises , the Federal Reserve might take it as a cue to increase rates for banks .
These increased rates are then passed on to individual and business borrowers .
The bottom line is that higher inflation means higher interest rates on the money you borrow — and less money in your pocket .
3. Adjustable - Rate Mortgage Rates Might Go Up
Borrowers who have an adjustable - rate mortgage might find that an uncomfortable effect of inflation is a higher interest rate when their mortgage is “ adjusted . ”
This is because ARMs are usually priced according to the 10 - year Treasury bill .
The rates for these long - term T - bills usually rise and fall with short - term rates set by the Fed .
And that higher rate means higher ARM mortgage payments , too .
Related : Average Mortgage Rates in the U.S .
4. Hoarding Could Result
People have a tendency to hoard goods especially during periods of hyperinflation .
This is because the monetary value of goods might be more tomorrow than it is today , so consumers want to buy up as much as they can afford at today ’s prices before the prices rise .
Hoarding might cause immediate shortages in food and household goods , so you could be facing long lines and empty shelves at your local shops .
Make Your Money Work for You
5. Long -Term Savings Might Erode
For investors who count long - term , conservative investments as a significant part of their net assets , inflation can be a dirty word .
This is because these traditionally safe investments , like bonds , often require investors to lock into a guaranteed rate for a long time .
Inflation creates a situation where these long - term investments that pay a low interest rate have decreased buying power because inflation pushes up the price of goods and services .
How to Protect Your Money From Inflation
The best way to combat the consequences of inflation is to invest in a balanced portfolio that includes some portion of long - term capital investments , like equity stocks .
Ideally , these equities will increase in value over time and above the inflation rate .
Though investing in more conservative investments such as bonds might be a safer way to go , some experts disagree because , in times of higher inflation , the low rate of safer investments could be below the inflation rate , which means your future buying power is slowly getting eaten away .
Instead , consider protecting your money from inflation by investing in the following :
Treasury Inflation - Protected Securities : TIPS are bonds , but they are backed by the government and their return is linked to inflation through the CPI .
TIPS are bonds , but they are backed by the government and their return is linked to inflation through the CPI .
Annuities :
Talk to your insurance broker about these investments that often offer an income stream that increases over time .
Talk to your insurance broker about these investments that often offer an income stream that increases over time .
Blue chip stocks :
These offer dividends and capital appreciation over the long - term .
Think about how an increase or decrease in inflation could impact your life — including your grocery bill , short - term savings and retirement savings , as well as your earnings and vacation plans .
Understanding how inflation works can help you make wiser financial choices so you make the best decisions for your family .
Next Up : Inflation Just Dropped —
The 6 Best and Worst Things to Buy Right Now
Anerkennung der Hamas - Kontrolle Israels Außenminister schlägt Gaza - Abspaltung vor
Es wäre eine radikale Abkehr von der Gaza - Politik Israels : Avigdor Lieberman , der ultrarechte Außenminister des Landes , möchte die Verantwortung für das Palästinensergebiet formell an die Hamas abtreten .
Schutztruppen auch aus Europa sollen dann die Grenze überwachen .
UV - Tube Water Disinfection Project
The mission of this student team is to redesign and further develop a series of point - of - use Ultraviolet ( UV ) water disinfection devices suitable for use in rural areas of developing nations where other water treatment methods cannot be applied because of their cost , inconvenience , limited availability , or energy requirements .
The focus is on South American countries ( particularly Venezuela ) where safe water and power may not be available .
The intent is to enhance a proven concept and make it easier to manufacture , easier to service , more robust in operation , compatible with a variety of regionally available power sources , and more environmentally benign .
The team 's focus was on the design and manufacture of the device , with less emphasis placed on verification of the disinfection technology .
Project Background
The need for Water
In the United States people take clean drinking water for granted , yet the populations of many regions lack access to basic sanitary needs , including safe water .
One of every six people in the world ( 1.1 billion people ) does not have access to an improved drinking water source , and even when there are treated water distribution systems , the water is often contaminated by the time it reaches its point of use .
The lack of this basic necessity dramatically affects the health , education , life expectancy , and social development of much of the world .
Especially at risk are children ; dehydration from diarrhea is the leading cause of death in children under the age of five , and it claims the lives of 5000 children every day .
In addition to deaths , children suffer from malnutrition and other water - borne illnesses .
UV Disinfection
UV disinfection is a process that inactivates pathogens in the water by exposing them to radiation from ultraviolet light .
Ultraviolet light consists of UVA , UVB , and UVC light , which occur at different wavelengths .
In sunlight , UVC is almost entirely filtered out by the atmosphere , and it is this range that shows germicidal effectiveness .
The ultraviolet light penetrates the cell walls of the organisms and disrupts the cell 's genetic material , thus making it impossible for the organisms to reproduce .
This makes the water safe for consumption .
UV Tube History
The UV Tube project dates back to the early 1990s when Dr. Ashok Gadgil ( Senior Staff Scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ) developed a high - capacity , low - cost system to be implemented in hospitals , clinics , and communities , called UV Waterworks .
While working in the Patzcuaro region of Mexico , Dr. Lloyd Connelly of UC Berkeley saw a need for a lower capacity , simplified household system , and that project has since been known as the " UV Tube . "
There have been several different design iterations of the UV Tube .
It was first made from a four - inch PVC pipe , and since has been PVC lined with stainless steel or just stainless steel tubes , as well as ferro- cement and clay troughs .
The UV Tube has also been field - tested in Mexico , Haiti , and Sri Lanka .
Most of the emphasis in these past projects has been placed on verifying the germicidal effectiveness of the design and the bulb , and not as much on the mechanical design or construction methods .
( Photots Courtesy of Sarah Brownell )
Team Documents
Roles and Responsibilities Matrix ( open in Excel )
Project Schedule , MS Project file ( last update 3/16/07 )
Project Schedule , pdf ( last update 3/16/07 )
Project Budget ( open in Excel , last update 3/22/07 )
Product Development Process
This outline follows the general product development process presented in the textbook " Product Design and Development " by Ulrich and Eppinger , and the which was followed by the design team .
Planning
A Project Readiness Package has been prepared prior to the launch of this project .
This PRP is intended to help get the team started with a first draft needs assessment and work breakdown structure .
One - Page Project Summary
Customer Needs and Specifications
Identify Customer Needs
Establish Target Specifications
Concept Development
Generate Product Concepts
Select Product Concept(s )
Test Product Concept(s )
A Concept Review presentation was given on January 19 , 2007 outlining the project work done to this point .
Initial Design
The design process was iterative , where the team first developed an Inital Design .
This was presented at the first technical design review on February 16 , 2007 , but was updated several times throughout the design process based on information gained through engineering analysis , prototyping , and testing .
Detail Design
Eventually , the team arrived at the Updated Design .
Engineering Analysis
Several types of Engineering Analysis were performed on this design to ensure its effectiveness prior to the prototype phases .
This analysis includes a UV irradiance model , flow rate justification , life cycle assessment , design for assembly , and solar system sizing calculations .
Prototype Construction
Several prototypes were constructed to test certain building procedures and design features , as well as to be used for formal testing .
There was a first generation and second generation prototype , along with another which was used for assembly testing .
Final prototype pictures
Testing and Refinement
Product Testing
Project Reviews
A Senior Design I Project Review presentation was given on February 23 , 2007 , outlining what the team had accomplished during the first quarter of Senior Design , and describing the design at a high level as it stood at that point .
A Prototype Review was conducted on May 4 , 2007 to demonstrate the functionality of the prototype and recap testing results .
A Senior Design II Project Review presentation was given by the team at the completion of Senior Design II and the entire project on May 18 , 2007 .
[ Save all files and open using MS PowerPoint . ]
Final Team Documents
Project Poster
Project Conference Paper
Device Manual - English - construction , use , maintenance , and repair .
Device Manual - Spanish
Team Members
Student Team Member Discipline email Anna Murray ME zutana@gmail.com Micah Brewer ME breww21@hotmail.com Greg Hupp ME ghupp31@yahoo.com Rob Norquest ME rdn5792@rit.edu Miguel Bazan ISE mab8096@rit.edu Manaal Eisa ISE MLClass@aol.com Brendan Richard EE bmr9541@rit.edu
Faculty Members Role Email Dr. Jim Taylor Team Guide jbteie@rit.edu Dr. Andres Carrano Customer / Faculty Consultant alceie@rit.edu Dr. Brian Thorn Customer / Faculty Consultant bkteie@rit.edu Dr. Rob Stevens Faculty Consultant rjseme@rit.edu
References
The team consists of seven KGCOE students from different disciplines .
These three sites describe the work done by the Renewable and Energy Appropriate Laboratory at UC Berkely to design a UV - Tube water treatment system :
The UV Tube as an Appropriate Water Disinfection Technology
Assessment of a Low - Cost , Point - of - Use , Ultraviolet Water Disinfection Technology
Guidelines for drinking - water quality From World Health Organization
UV Disinfection Fact Sheet National Drinking Water Clearinghouse Tech Brief : A National Drinking Water Clearinghouse Factsheet , Ultraviolet Disinfection
Acknowledgements
The team would like to extend many thanks to their faculty guide , Dr. Jim Taylor , as well as project sponsors Dr. Andres Carrano and Dr. Brian Thorn of the RIT ISE Department for their guidance and support .
Additional thanks go to Sarah Brownell for sharing her experience and knowledge about the UV Tube , and for inspiring the project .
Thanks to Dr. Jeffrey Lodge , Mr. Robert Easton , and Mrs. Maureen Valentine for their assistance in various water testing procedures , and to Dr. Robert Stevens for his help throughout the project , specifically with solar system expertise .
Finally , thanks to Marilyn Houck for her support and patience with many trips to Home Depot .
[ Kernel ] [ .35-rcX]intersectRaven's Kernel ( FM SUPPORT !!!
)07/15/2010 03:12pm
Just started this thread for experimental FM support in my latest AVS - X release .
This will be merged into my mainline kernel after cleanup and any other issues have been resolved .
*Source posted to GitHubCredits go to the ff : Kali- -> initial input of dmesg about Desire kernel path and later the bluetooth address property remapping Lint_ , imfloflo , bewA -> providing logs for analysis from Desire20100715 _1511 :- updated to latest FM source I posted in my GitHub which contains a slight modification which should improve stability - only bug I found so far is that the radio app will show the wrong frequency BUT still output the correct one * after trying out different combinations which previously crashed the FM radio , it has n't crashed once ... takes awhile to tune into a station but other than that it seems stable ... also , the initial frequency DISPLAY ( not output ) to 0 bug seems to be not 0 but the frequency the first time the radio is launched ... 20100715_0803 :- this should fix the timeout problems with the radio- causes a weird frequency switch to lowest detected in r23 ... unsure if r19 is also affected ( do n't want to wipe so please test and post your results here ) - WiFi on r19 works ( found my patch file ) 20100713_1658 :- uncommented a line of code which prevents the IO bus from being configured for serial transfer in some cases * should fix the intermittent problems everyone 's been experiencing ( including mine when I switched from my test FM branch to my official FM branch which I 'm releasing here ) 20100713_1011 :- updated to .35 -rc5 - cleaned up FM code a bit20100712_1348 :- reverted WiFi driver to work with Modaco Desire r1920100712_0832 :- Initial release of .35 - rc4 kernel with FM support - needs a ROM with Desire FM radio ( tested in Modaco r19 Desire ROM ) - wifi does n't work with Desire ROM thoughHere 're the links : * Please go to my MediaFire folder for the latest releases20100715 _1511: CFS:925 mV ->
http://www.mediafire.com/?nu2ijzk5d2ym2yz
20100715_0803:CFS:925 mV ->
http://www.mediafire.com/?ewm2kowyoyydonq
20100713_1658:CFS:925 mV ->
http://www.mediafire.com/?n0e0loztl1j 20100713_1011:CFS:925 mV ->
http://www.mediafire.com/?3ny1yozijjj
20100712_1348:CFS:925 mV ->
http://www.mediafire.com/?yyemyimkmmk 20100712_0832:CFS:925 mV ->
http://www.mediafire.com/?dtmmykwmoiy
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Muslim parents , students and civic groups are campaigning to add two of their religious holidays to the New York City public school calendar , pinning their hopes on state lawmakers after failing to win over Mayor Michael Bloomberg to the idea .
Putting Eid Ul - Fitr , a holiday marking the end of Ramadan , and Eid Ul - Adha , celebrating the end of the hajj , the pilgrimage to Mecca , on the list of official school holidays will help ease suspicion and reduce anti-Muslim sentiment nearly a decade after the September 11 attacks , they say .
Supporters say there are more than 100,000 Muslim students in the public schools , or about 12 percent of the enrollment .
Hundreds of supporters gathered outside City Hall on June 30 to pressure Bloomberg on the issue , saying the holidays could be recognized by adding just five days off over the next decade , since many fall on existing holidays or weekends .
Bloomberg rejected the proposal , arguing city students cannot afford more days off .
Just four in 10 students graduate on time and one in 10 drops out , according to statistics .
“ Everybody would like to be recognized but the truth of the matter is we need more school days , not less , ” he said .
Supporters now are looking to a bill that calls for instituting the Muslim holidays as days off in city schools .
It is pending in the state Senate and Assembly and if it becomes law , it would supersede Bloomberg ’s decision despite his control of New York City schools .
CHOICE BETWEEN RELIGION AND SCHOOL
The school calendar currently has 13 observed holidays , including Jewish ones such as Rosh Hashana and Christian holidays such as Good Friday .
The religious holidays have been on the calendar for at least several decades .
Of the 11 generally observed Muslim holidays , none are on the school calendar .
“ There is a large group of people who feel like they have to choose between religion and school , ” said Faiza Ali , a spokeswoman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations .
The issue surfaced in 2006 , when Eid Ul - Adha fell on the same day as a statewide reading test .
Some Muslim students stayed home , missing the crucial skills test .
Others attended , missing the holiday with their families .
Some Muslims say they are frustrated by Bloomberg ’s decision in the wake of public opposition to proposed construction of several mosques in the city and the 2007 ousting of an Arabic school principal after neighbors accused the school of being a breeding ground for militants .
Bloomberg often speaks of tolerance and diversity and supports the mosque construction , including one near the site of the World Trade Center towers destroyed on September 11 , 2001 , in al - Qaeda suicide attacks .
“ Our kids know other holidays but then they see that their holidays are not recognized .
It sends a mixed message , ” said Isabel Bucaram , a Muslim with two children in city schools .
“ My daughter says to me , ‘ They do it for others .
Why not us ? ’ ”
A resolution in support of adding the holidays was approved last year in the City Council and the proposal has support of the teachers ’ union and the city ’s borough presidents .
For parents such as Ayman Hammous , a physical therapist originally from Egypt whose four children attend city schools , the debate comes down to acceptance .
“ Putting the holidays on the calendar will send a positive message to the Muslim community that you are welcome here , ” he said .
Maureen Dowd : There Are n’t Enough Blacks In The Obama Administration
According to Maureen Dowd , Barack Obama 's biggest problem is that there are too many white people in this picture .
Doug Mataconis · · 14 comments
Continuing what has been a rather annoying obsession with race that seems to have gripped the nation ’s political class over the past several weeks , Maureen Dowd argues in today ’s New York Times that Barack Obama is n’t hiring enough black people :
The Obama White House is too white .
It has Barack Obama , raised in the Hawaiian hood and Indonesia , and Valerie Jarrett , who spent her early years in Iran .
But unlike Bill Clinton , who never needed help fathoming Southern black culture , Obama lacks advisers who are descended from the central African - American experience , ones who understand “ the slave thing , ” as a top black Democrat dryly puts it .
The first black president should expand beyond his campaign security blanket , the smug cordon of overprotective white guys surrounding him — a long political tradition underscored by Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 when she complained about the “ smart - ass white boys ” from Walter Mondale ’s campaign who tried to boss her around .
Otherwise , this administration will keep tripping over race rather than inspiring on race .
The West Wing white guys who pushed to ditch Shirley Sherrod before Glenn Beck could pounce not only did n’t bother to Google , they were n’t familiar enough with civil rights history to recognize the name Sherrod .
And they did n’t return the calls and e-mail of prominent blacks who tried to alert them that something was wrong .
As Allahpundit notes , Dowd goes against conventional wisdom here by asserting that it was “ West Wing white guys ” who pushed Shirley Sherrod out the door .
To date , both the White House and the Department of Agriculture have said that the decision to fire Sherrod was made by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack alone , without consulting the White House .
While Sherrod herself related a conversation with a USDA official saying that “ the White House ” wanted her fired , there has been some speculation that this may have been a reference to the White House liason inside the Department of Agriculture .
While you may not believe that the White House was n’t involved in the firing , there ’s no evidence that they were and Dowd is simply making things up when she attributes the firing to “ West Wing white guys . ”
But , it gets worse from there :
The president appears completely comfortable in his own skin , but it seems he feels that he and Michelle are such a huge change for the nation to absorb that he can be overly cautious about pushing for other societal changes for blacks and gays .
At some level , he acts like the election was enough ; he should n’t have to deal with race further .
But he does .
His closest advisers — some of the same ones who urged him not to make the race speech after the Rev. Jeremiah Wright issue exploded — are so terrified that Fox and the Tea Party will paint Obama as doing more for blacks that they tiptoe around and do less .
“ Who knew that the first black president would make it even harder on black people ? ” asked a top black Democratic official .
It ’s the same impulse that caused Obama campaign workers to refuse to let Muslim women with head scarves sit in camera range during a rally .
It ’s the same impulse that has left the president light - years behind W. on development help for Africa .
In their rush to counteract attempts to paint Obama as a radical / Muslim / socialist , Obama staffers can behave in insensitive ways themselves .
(…)
The president should n’t give Sherrod her old job back .
He should give her a new job : Director of Black Outreach .
This White House needs one .
The first thing that comes to mind about all of this , of course , is the irony of an Upper West side white woman purporting to lecture Barack Obama about race .
While Dowd was working a beat as a reporter for the Times , Barack Obama was a community organizer in Chicago where there are , well , actual racial issues .
One would think he ’d know a little bit more about the subject than she would .
The same goes for Valerie Jarrett .
The real sin of Dowd ’s column , though , is her assumption that only persons of a certain color can by racially sensitive , and that it was a lack of racial sensitivity that led to the debacle in the Sherrod matter .
Even if we accept Dowd ’s unsupported assertion that this is all the fault of “ West Wing white guys , ” though , it ’s apparent that this is nothing to do with skin color and everything to do with competence .
It does n’t take an African - American to realize that you should n’t base a personnel decision based upon a two and a half minute web video posted on the web site of a guy with a known bias against the Obama Administration .
How hard would it have been for someone at the USDA — or , if you accept Dowd ’s theory , the White House — to pick up the phone and call someone like Clyburn or Lewis and get their take on this before forcing Shirley Sherrod to pull over to the side of the road and send her resignation in via Blackberry ?
That ’s not being racially tone - deaf , that ’s called incompetence and , as I noted on Wednesday , a sign of basic political weakness inside the Administration .
Creating an office of “ Black Outreach ” is n’t going to help those problems one bit .
WILLINGNESS is a core concept of addiction recovery programs — and a paradoxical one .
Twelve - step programs emphasize that addicts cannot will themselves into healthy sobriety — indeed , that ego and self - reliance are often a root cause of their problem .
Yet recovering addicts must be willing .
That is , they must be open to the possibility that the group and its principles are powerful enough to trump a compulsive disease .
It ’s a tricky concept for many and must be taken on faith .
But now there may be science to back it up .
Psychologist Ibrahim Senay of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign figured out an intriguing way to create a laboratory version of both willfulness and willingness — and to explore possible connections to intention , motivation and goal - directed actions .
In short , he identified some key traits needed not only for long - term abstinence but for any personal objective , from losing weight to learning to play guitar .
Ask , Do n’t Tell
Senay did this by exploring self - talk .
Self - talk is just what it sounds like — that voice in your head that articulates what you are thinking , spelling out your options and intentions and hopes and fears , and so forth .
It is the ongoing conversation you have with yourself .
Senay thought that the form and texture of self - talk — right down to the sentence structure — might be important in shaping plans and actions .
What ’s more , self - talk might be a tool for exerting the will — or being willing .
Here is how Senay tested this notion .
He had a group of volunteers work on a series of anagrams — changing the word “ sauce ” to “ cause , ” for example , or “ when ” to “ hewn . ”
But before starting this task , half the volunteers were told to contemplate whether they would work on anagrams , while the others simply thought about the fact that they would be doing anagrams in a few minutes .
The difference is subtle , but the former were basically putting their mind into wondering mode , while the latter were asserting themselves and their will .
It is the difference between “ Will I do this ? ” and “ I will do this . ”
The results were provocative .
People with wondering minds completed significantly more anagrams than did those with willful minds .
In other words , the people who kept their minds open were more goal - directed and more motivated than those who declared their objective to themselves .
These findings are counterintuitive .
Think about it .
Why would asserting one ’s intentions undermine rather than advance a stated goal ?
Perhaps , Senay hypothesized , it is because questions by their nature speak to possibility and freedom of choice .
Meditating on them might enhance feelings of autonomy and intrinsic motivation , creating a mind - set that promotes success .
Keeping an Open Mind
Senay designed another experiment to look at the question differently .
In this study , he recruited volunteers on the pretense that they were needed for a handwriting study .
Some wrote the words “ I will ” over and over ; others wrote “ Will I ? ”
After priming the volunteers with this fake handwriting task , Senay had them work on the anagrams .
And just as before , the determined volunteers performed worse than the open - minded ones .
Next , Senay ran still another version of this experiment , one more obviously related to healthy living .
Instead of anagrams , he changed the goal to exercise ; that is , he measured the volunteers ’ intentions to start and stick to a fitness regimen .
And in this real - world scenario , he got the same basic result : those primed with the interrogative phrase “ Will I ? ” expressed a much greater commitment to exercise regularly than did those primed with the declarative phrase “ I will . ”
What ’s more , when the volunteers were questioned about why they felt they would be newly motivated to get to the gym more often , those primed with the question said things like : “ Because I want to take more responsibility for my own health . ”
Those primed with “ I will ” offered strikingly different explanations , such as : “ Because I would feel guilty or ashamed of myself if I did not . ”
This last finding is crucial .
It indicates that those with questioning minds were more intrinsically motivated to change .
They were looking for a positive inspiration from within , rather than attempting to hold themselves to a rigid standard .
Those asserting will lacked this internal inspiration , which explains in part their weak commitment to future change .
Put in terms of addiction recovery and self - improvement in general , those who were asserting their willpower were in effect closing their minds and narrowing their view of their future .
Those who were questioning and wondering were open - minded — and therefore willing to see new possibilities for the days ahead .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Hizbullah will likely fire close to 800 rockets into Israel every day during a future war , senior IDF officers said on Wednesday , as the Northern Command declassified for the first time evidence of Hizbullah ’s growing presence inside close to 160 villages throughout southern Lebanon .
Using the village of el - Khiam – located about 4 km .
north of the border – as an example , the IDF showed extensive footage , videos and maps of homes that Hizbullah has taken over and used to store weapons caches and establish command - and - control centers .
The declassified material also revealed the location of improvised explosive devices , some of them weighing up to half a ton , which Hizbullah has positioned , mostly at the entrance to the village .
The IDF recently dispatched a delegation to UN headquarters in New York to present the evidence to diplomats .
The evidence was also presented to the new commander of UNIFIL , Maj. - Gen. Alberto Asarta Cuevas of Spain .
The IDF said that Hizbullah today maintains about 20,000 guerrilla fighters throughout southern Lebanon , whose main objective is to prevent an Israeli ground invasion .
The fighters are also responsible for operating Hizbullah ’s extensive missile capability , which would allow them to strike deep within Israel .
Hizbullah has an estimated 40,000 short - , medium - and long - range missiles .
The declassification of the material on Wednesday is a demonstration of the IDF ’s penetration of Hizbullah and Israeli efforts to collect intelligence on the Iranian - backed Shi’ite terror group .
Hizbullah has split its forces into three divisions .
The Southern Division , the IDF said , consists of 5,000 fighters and has approximately 30,000 missiles and rockets and a number of subdivisions .
Each subdivision is responsible for approximately 15 villages .
Each village contains between 20 and 200 fighters , hundreds of mortar shells , hundreds of short - and medium - range rockets , and a number of command centers .
In the maps unveiled by the IDF , Hizbullah weapons caches are shown approximately 50 meters from schools and hospitals .
Storage and command centers are in most cases located inside or adjacent to civilian homes .
“ It is important to show the world that Hizbullah has built up its military infrastructure inside villages , with the objective that we will kill the maximum amount of civilians in a future conflict , ” a senior IDF officer said .
“ We want to warn that if we are attacked by Hizbullah – this may happen .
” While the IDF believes that Hizbullah is currently not interested in anew conflict , it is concerned with continued attempts by the group tostrike at Israel to exact revenge for the 2008 assassination of its topmilitary commander , Imad Mughniyeh , in Damascus .
The IDF is preparing for scenarios that include a kidnapping along theborder and an infiltration into an Israeli border community .
“ We see Hizbullah ’s grip inside the villages and we view aninfiltration into Israel as the primary threat , ” Col. Ronen Moreli , commander of Brigade 300 , told reporters .
Hizbullah is believed to have established thousands of positions insideapproximately 160 villages in southern Lebanon .
Most of Hizbullah ’srockets have ranges under 100 km .
but the group is believed to havelong - range missiles – some of them the Syrian - made M600 – which have arange of about 300 km .
and unprecedented accuracy .
BEDFORD , Ohio 
Factory owners have been adding jobs slowly but steadily since the beginning of the year , giving a lift to the fragile economic recovery .
And because they laid off so many workers  more than two million since the end of 2007  manufacturers now have a vast pool of people to choose from .
Yet some of these employers complain that they cannot fill their openings .
Plenty of people are applying for the jobs .
The problem , the companies say , is a mismatch between the kind of skilled workers needed and the ranks of the unemployed .
Economists expect that Friday ’s government employment report will show that manufacturers continued adding jobs last month , although the overall picture is likely to be bleak .
With the government dismissing Census workers , more jobs might have been cut than added in June .
And concerns are growing that the recovery could be teetering , with some fresh signs of softer demand this week .
A central index of consumer confidence dropped sharply in June , while auto sales declined from the previous month .
Face - to - face communication , the modern way ( Image : Martin Puddy / The Image Bank / Getty )
Interactive :
See a visualisation of the links in your Facebook social network using this app developed by Touchgraph , a company based in New York
NOTHING personal , but I do n’t really want to be your online friend .
I ’m sorry , I ’m sure you are very nice .
It ’s not you , it ’s me : I ’m feeling grumpy and a tad antisocial , so perhaps we are all better off .
And that goes for you too , annoying ex-classmate who just “ friended ” me on Facebook .
Get lost , media - type I met at a party ; your all - too - frequent status updates are pretentious .
Trusted colleague , please stop judging my professionalism by the posts on my wall .
And mother , you know I love you , but instead of getting upset , please just stop looking at my late - night pub photos .
It may come as no surprise that I have been having second thoughts about online social networking .
Anecdotally at least , cutting the cord may be the healthy way to go .
My wife shunned such networks from the start and yet has so far managed to avoid becoming a social pariah ( between us , this has had an upside : up until now she has been blissfully unaware that an ex- girlfriend friended me last year ) .
In short , what started out as a fun way to keep up with friends is now stressing me out .
For many of us – 400 million worldwide so far and counting – online networking has become enmeshed in our daily lives .
It has transformed our social structures and behaviour .
Research tracking our habits on these sites is only just emerging , and its …
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Greenpeace Israel campaign manager :
We will pay the price for coal - with our health
Naval police led a coal ship to its dock in Hadera on Thursday , after local Greenpeace activists attempted to prevent it from entering Israel .
Group members from Israel and Germany approached the Orient Venus , which had made its way from South Africa to Israeli territorial waters near Hadera , with a rubber raft .
Three of them climbed up the side of the ship with a rope ladder waving a flag reading “ coal kills .
” The move was part of the organization ’s efforts to prevent an additional coal mill from being built in Ashkelon .
Police demanded that the three disembark the ship but they refused .
In response , a naval force led by superintendent Aryeh Dahan , escorted the ship to the Hadera port .
One activist left the vessel upon the arrival of police , who were forced to remove the remaining two .
All three were taken in for investigation by the naval police .
Mor Levy , 22 , one of the Greenpeace members who boarded the ship , said , “ It ’s true that our action is unusual , and maybe even extreme , but unfortunately , we have no choice .
The insistence on using coal for energy is far more extreme .
The government is harming me and those who are close to me !
“ I believe anyone can make a difference , ” Levy insisted .
“ You can make a difference from your home by conserving energy , which will prevent another mill from being built .
” Nili Grossman , manager of Greenpeace ’s energy campaign in Israel , said from the raft : “ We all pay the price for coal , which includes health problems , air pollution and climate change .
The public pays the real price for coal .
We will continue to fight until the polluting coal mill is called off .
” In 2009 , 10 Greenpeace activists conducted a demonstration at the Ashkelon coal - fired power plant and blocked the entrance to the facility .
Police arrested all the protesters .
Greenpeace also led a letter - writing campaign , in which it gathered 20,000 letters to the government opposing the mill .
In Afghanistan , corruption is rife .
It is so abundant , in fact , that a senior US lawmaker declared on Monday that she ’d be freezing $ 3.9 billion in Afghan aid dollars until the situation is addressed .
Rep. Nita Lowey ’s declaration of principle was made in response to a Wall Street Journal report that claimed over $ 3 billion has been legally shipped through the airport in Kabul over just the last three years , leading investigators to believe much of it comes from U.S. aid dollars being diverted by corrupt officials .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Dennis Kucinich , making a speech to the House of Representatives on Monday , had a few choice words to describe the situation .
“ We are losing our nation to lies about the necessity of war , ” the iconoclastic Democrat opined .
The Journal reported that “ the cash Ã¢â‚¬â€œ packed into suitcases , piled into pallets and loaded into airplanes Ã¢â‚¬â€œ is declared and legal to move ” through the airport .
The paper added : “ The officials believe [ … ] customers who have sent millions of dollars of their money abroad include high - ranking officials and their associates in President Hamid Karzai ’s administration , including Vice President Mohammed Fahim , and one of the president ’s brothers , Mahmood Karzai , an influential businessman .
“ Where they allegedly get the money is one of the questions under investigation . ”
Speaking before Congress , Kucinich raised the specter of the $ 12 billion shipped in pallets from the United States to Iraq just after the Bush administration ’s “ shock and awe ” bombing campaign .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Vanity Fair reported in 2004 that ‘ at least $ 9 billion ’ of the cash had ‘ gone missing , unaccounted for , ' ” he noted .
“ $ 9 billion . ”
Kucinich continued : “ Ã¢â‚ ¬Â¨Ã¢â‚ ¬Â¨Last week , the BBC reported that ‘ the US military has been giving tens of millions of dollars to Afghan security firms who are funneling the money to warlords . ’
Add to that a corrupt Afghan government underwritten by the lives of our troopsÃ¢â‚ ¬Â¨ …
And now reports indicate that Congress is preparing to attach $ 10 billion in state education funding to a $ 33 billion spending bill to keep the war going .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â¨Ã¢â‚¬Â¨ Back home , millions of Americans are out of work , losing their homes , losing their savings , their pensions and their retirement security .
“ We are losing our nation to lies about the necessity of war .
Bring our troops home .
End the war .
Secure our economy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s not the first time Kucinich has lambasted aid funding to Afghanistan .
The Congressman declared in a 2009 press release : “ U.S. contractors are paying U.S. tax dollars to the Taliban in order to protect the delivery of U.S. shipments of U.S. goods to U.S. soldiers so that our soldiers can fight the Taliban . ”
Also , in June 2010 , responding to a New York Times story , the Ohio Democrat pondered rhetorically , “ Is the U.S. paying for attacks on U.S. troops ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our troops are dying in Afghanistan , and now it turns out we may be funding their killers , ” Kucinich said in a statement e-mailed to Raw Story , renewing his longstanding call for a pullout .
“ Our continued presence in Afghanistan is detrimental to our security . ”
At the time , he vowed to bring the report to the “ personal attention ” of his colleagues in Congress involved with approving aid dollars for Afghanistan .
“ The American people are paying to prop up a corrupt government that may be using our money to pay private companies to drum up business by paying the insurgents to attack our troops , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from C - Span , broadcast June 28 , 2010 .
Grindr is a free phone app which lets gay men instantly pinpoint each other using GPS technology .
It has already transformed the sex lives of 700,000 men around the world .
But could it work in the straight market ?
And would it mean the end of monogamy ?
Ever heard of Grindr ?
If you have , I 'm going to guess that you are male and gay ; or male , technically straight and somewhat curious ; or the straight friend of a gay man .
If not , allow me to enlighten you .
Grindr ( pronounced " grinder " ) is a free downloadable iPhone app which , it promises , will help you " Find gay , bi , curious guys for free near you ! "
Grindr harnesses GPS , allowing you to establish who else in your direct vicinity is also using Grindr .
It shows you – on a gridded display – who these men are and what they look like ; it 'll tell you how far away from you ( in feet , and even more thrillingly , fractions of feet ) they are standing ; and it will allow you to " chat " them , if they take your fancy .
Although buried deep in the Grindr ethos is the idea that you should n't do in cyberspace what you could be easily be doing in person .
Do n't " chat " when you could actually , you know , chat .
Grinding is an intoxicating experience .
I was first introduced to it on the roof terrace of a bar in east London by my friends J and W . J launched the app on his iPhone and I got palpitations as the grid of portraits ( ordered in terms of geographical proximity – your nearest Grindr user is posted at the top left ) instantly unfurled itself across the screen .
All these men , effectively coming on to – well , not me , but still …
It is literally a sexy app and the overflow of that sexual potency , the decadence , sweeps you along on a wave of lust , regardless of who you are and what your gender or sexual orientation might be .
I was reminded of the first time I entered words into the search criteria on Google , of the first time I downloaded music from iTunes – I knew I was engaging with a bit of technology that would alter things on a profound level .
I scrolled on and on through the grid of gay offerings , furtively trying to match the pixelated images with the real - life men ranged around me in the bar .
" But do you want to know the funny thing ? " J said .
" The best nights you can have on Grindr are the nights when you stay in . "
And he laughed , wickedly .
Grindr is reconfiguring the landscape of human relationships .
Partly because it 's sex in an app , the sexual equivalent of ordering take - away , or online fashion ( my friend Kevin calls it " net- a- port - gay.com " , and he's so pleased with himself for this he says I can use his real name .
Everyone else asked to remain anonymous ) .
Grindr was launched on 25 March 2009 ; now more than 700,000 ( and counting ) men in 162 countries around the world are using it to phenomenal effect , if J , W , Kevin and the other gay men I 've asked are any kind of a guide .
" I 've never , ever had so much sex in my life ! " R told me gleefully .
" I 've probably had as much in the past eight months of Grinding as I have over the 20 years since I came out .
Maybe more . "
It 's only going to get bigger , to facilitate more sex .
Two thousand people download it every day , and a BlackBerry - friendly version of the app launched less than a month ago – a development which could triple Grindr 's reach .
But Grindr is more significant even than that suggests .
It marks a major evolution in how all of us – gay , straight , alive – will meet and interact with each other .
Depending on who you talk to , this is either brilliant ( liberating , socially enabling – the end , even , of loneliness and boredom ) ; or a potential disaster ( signalling the end of monogamy , facilitating sex addiction ) .
Either way , it matters .
Arguably we are living in a post - gay era .
The divide between gay and straight worlds diminishes daily .
Gay culture and straight culture become increasingly intertwined .
For example , Grindr 's biggest boost occurred in June 2009 , after gay icon Stephen Fry told the boorishly straight Jeremy Clarkson all about it during an interview on super - hetero TV show Top Gear .
So Grindr would matter even if it was not in the process of developing a straight version of its sexy self .
But it is .
It is likely that the Grindr experience will be open to a straight market by the end of 2010 .
" Oh , at the very latest , " says Joel Simkhai , the founder of Grindr .
He 's a wiry , neatly handsome 33 - year - old man with an American accent , a hectic manner and a sharp business edge .
I meet him for coffee in a chic hotel in London .
This is where he 's basing himself while he checks out Grindr 's flourishing UK market ; he usually lives in Los Angeles .
" The UK is the second biggest country for Grindr after the US , " he tells me .
" London is the third biggest city after New York and LA .
You love us . "
Simkhai was born in Tel Aviv and he and his parents moved to New York ( " State , not the city " ) when he was three .
He came out in his mid-teens " just as AOL was taking off .
I was born – gay - born – with online .
And that was a huge help to me in terms of meeting people – people who unfortunately were a ways away in Wyoming or wherever – but still , I was meeting people who were gay and who were n't freaks . "
But Simkhai says he still felt isolated as a young gay teenager .
He found himself asking : " The question .
I think every gay man starts asking it , from the moment he realises he 's gay .
You are somewhere and it's : ' Who else here , right now , is gay ?
Who ? '
You are looking around , you are constantly wondering .
Because coming out is a lonely process . "
Still ?
" Yes !
Very much so !
And every gay man who asks himself that question also thinks : ' Would n't it be good if there was some way for me to tell ?
Some way for me to know ? '
Every gay man has had the idea for Grindr . "
Nearly two decades later , after Simkhai had finished a degree in international relations and economics and worked for some years in finance , Apple launched its second - generation iPhone .
" It was almost as if someone was handing Grindr to me on a silver platter .
The first iPhone did n't have GPS , and it only had about eight apps .
They were all Apple apps , too – you could n't develop your own .
It really was n't that great a device .
But in the same announcement of the second - generation phone , they said : ' This phone will have GPS and now you can create apps ! '
I was like : ' Wait a minute !
I know an app I want to do ! ' "
Did he have a complete notion of what he wanted from Grindr ?
How it would work , what it would look like , what sort of commotion it would create ?
" Ha !
No .
My notion was use GPS , see who else is near .
Simple as that . "
In August 2008 , Simkhai contacted Morten Bek Ditlevsen , an app developer based in Denmark .
" He had a passion for GPS , just as I did .
He 's straight , but he liked the idea ; he had a full - time job , but he said : ' Yeah , I 'll do this as a hobby . '
Did n't ask for much money . "
Simkhai brought another friend , " Scott Lewallen , an expert in branding , marketing and design " , into the fold .
Both still work on Grindr .
It took Simkhai , Bek Ditlevsen and Lewallen six months and $ 5,000 to build Grindr .
About the name : where did it come from ?
" Nowhere specific .
We liked the word .
We liked the notion of a coffee grinder , mixing things together …
And there 's the term ' guy finder ' in there , too .
We wanted something that was masculine but was not about pride flags .
Was not about … "
A politicised idea of gayness ?
" Yes !
And was fun !
And was in a way – not about being gay .
I 'm gay ; I am a proud gay man .
It 's not that we have any issues , right ?
But Grindr 's not about gay rights , or gay anything .
It 's about finding guys .
Being among your peers .
Socialising .
Being part of your community .
It 's not about : ' We 're here , we 're queer . ' "
So Grindr launched in spring 2009 .
For the first few months uptake was steady but modest .
Then Stephen Fry showed it to Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear " and 40,000 men had downloaded it within a week .
Amazing . "
Simkhai talks with great passion about his creation .
He builds a beautiful case for Grindr .
He trumpets its international , unifying aspect , making it sound like the United Nations of gayness .
" Here we are , 8,000 miles from home and we have 50,000 guys here in London .
How ?
What ?
I have n't been here for 10 years – the first thing I did when I landed at Heathrow was launch Grindr !
Sydney .
Melbourne . Singapore .
Tokyo !
Tokyo is our fourth largest city , one of our top cities !
I 've never been to Japan !
I do n't speak Japanese ! "
He points out that Grindr is a response to online dating , which causes as many problems as it solves .
" With missed connections and back and forth , and : ' Oh actually , this week I 'm in New York , and you 're in LA … '
Online dating is frustrating !
It is a lot of work ! "
Grindr , on the other hand , is immediate .
There is no messing about , no toing and froing , no building up your hopes via weeks of emails only to discover on your first physical date that you just do n't fancy whoever in the flesh .
You see someone 's picture on Grindr , you meet immediately , you establish whether or not you 're attracted to each other : " Grindr reintroduces the aspect of chemistry .
And – it 's real .
It is not a Second Life .
It is not a virtual world .
It 's a tool .
It enables real life , it does n't replace it . "
And it leads , I say , to very real sex .
None of this virtual nonsense .
Simkhai pauses .
" Er… From my perspective … it 's not sex .
It 's a precursor to sex .
It 's just before .
That 's how I see Grindr .
We want to be sexy .
We think sex is part of life , the basis of life .
But Grindr is sexiness rather than sex . "
Simkhai is concerned , perhaps , about the conservative elements of the US media .
Editorials on the danger of the " new gay hook - up app " pop up periodically .
Simkhai is keen to make the point that Grindr is not uniquely concerned with procuring sex .
" I meet guys all the time who say to me : ' I know it 's for hooking up , but … '
But they met some really good friends .
But they met their boyfriend .
But. But . "
Simkhai says his main hope for Grindr is it will help young gay men through the process of coming out .
I am moved by Simkhai 's passion , by the tales of the non-sexual impact of Grindr .
I appreciate that it is still not easy to come out , and how important that sense of geographical proximity , of being part of a visible and accepting community , would be .
The David Laws story breaks a fortnight after I interview Simkhai ; a high - profile , sad piece of evidence that gay men still encounter problems in making their sexuality public .
Yet the men I speak to tell me Grindr is all about sex .
" Internet 's for dating ; Grindr 's for sex , " D tells me .
" Well , sometimes the internet 's for sex , too , but Grindr : definitely sex . "
I ask around and am inundated with Grindr stories , all of which end in a sexual encounter .
" Sometimes you do n't really fancy them , but … "
There 's a sense of obligation to have sex anyway ?
" Yeah .
But that 's OK . "
I begin to develop an idea of the culture that surrounds it .
Many gay men see Grindr as a way to round off an evening .
" I 'd had dinner at a friend 's house in west London and I was walking back to the tube ; thought I 'd launch Grindr , see what was going on .
This guy pops up and chats me : ' You 're near ! '
I chat back : ' I know … '
He says : ' I 'm here with my boyfriend .
Come and see us . '
So… I did . "
Others use it as you might a glass of wine at the end of a stressful day .
Kev lives near a major station : " And so I get a lot of literal traffic .
Men get off the train on Sunday night after a weekend somewhere stifling , probably with their parents ; they launch Grindr – guess who pops up first ? "
It 's mixing formerly segregated elements of gay society .
My 30 - and 40 - something gay male friends tell me they 're having much more to do with younger gay men : " Which is weird , and yeah , sometimes not totally comfortable , if you think about it , " says one .
" You have to work out what 's too young for you and stick to that limit .
But – you 're always honest about who you are .
You 've got to be .
You can't say you 're younger or hotter than you are ; you can't post someone else 's photo .
If you lie you 're just going to get found out , and that pisses people off , obviously .
Lying is n't done on Grindr . "
Cheating , on the other hand , definitely is .
" You always see on Grindr : ' Oh , I 've got a boyfriend – just interested in chatting ! ' " says Matthew Todd , editor of gay lifestyle magazine Attitude .
" Oh really ?
Why ?
Why do you need to chat to people ?
Why do you need to be on Grindr ?
Call your mum up ! "
A gay man who is in a long - term relationship tells me he 's aware of Grindr , but is choosing not to try it .
" It would change everything .
I 'm very tempted , of course I am !
But ultimately I do n't want to go there , and I do n't want my boyfriend F to go there either . "
" The vast majority of guys on Grindr are in a relationship , " says P . " And I reckon a quarter of the guys who use it are straight .
Not curious or bi or whatever .
Straight . "
" The straight ones are all talk ! " says D. " They love the idea that sex with a stranger could be that easy , could be downloaded on their phone …
But when it comes to it , they wo n't do anything . "
Not every gay man is enamoured of Grindr .
Attitude 's Matthew Todd has reservations .
" A friend with an iPhone showed me it about a year ago and said : ' Can you believe it ? '
I rolled my eyes and thought : ' There is no way of stopping this . '
Find any new technology – we will always bring it back to sex . "
Todd 's used it ( " I dip in and out " ) and he knows from feedback that Attitude 's readers are using it a great deal .
" I think it 's good for people to be able to connect .
Especially young people .
It 's good to be able to see that there are other gay people around , and to be able to interact .
But at the same time I think it 's a very adult world .
The commercial gay world – which Grindr is part of – is a very adult , very sexual world .
And I worry when I see these young kids coming out on to the gay scene , and everything is about sex .
There 's no real concept of relationships . "
Others condemn it more directly .
" Grindr 's addictive , " writes one man – the ex-boyfriend of a close friend – by email .
" Grindr and Gaydar [ the UK 's biggest gay dating site ] …
A lot of gay men have addiction issues .
I feel crap even writing it , but there it is .
We drink , we use drugs and we use sex to overcome the shame we feel .
And we feel worse because we know we should n't feel shame , we should feel pride – so we abuse drugs and sex more .
Things like Grindr and Gaydar enable that sort of sex , sex which is compulsive and which dehumanises you ; and means you in turn dehumanise the people you are having sex with . "
He puts me in touch with G , a man he met while seeking treatment for sex addiction .
" I 've lost entire weekends to sex , " writes G. " Downloading porn , going on Grindr , meeting men whose names I do n't find out , having sex ; downloading more porn … "
" Low self - esteem , " says Todd .
" I see it a lot in gay men – it 's inevitable after years of repression and shame .
And what 's better for self - esteem than someone having sex with you ? "
Could Grindr work for a straight market ?
There is , I think , an undeniable gender divide on the things that men and women will do for sex , and the things they expect and want from sex .
Yes , women are capable of having inconsequential flings .
We are capable of one - night stands .
We are capable of having sex without becoming emotionally involved .
FitFinder – which allowed undergraduate users to post descriptions of people they 'd seen and fancied on their university - dedicated website – became extremely popular earlier this spring , before university authorities banned it , which would suggest that there is a straight market for a location - specific dating concept .
But I 'm not sure Grindr could fully accommodate the complexities of male - female interactions .
The gender politics , the power games , the ebb and flow of interest , the tedious but totally authentic need most men feel to pursue a potential sexual conquest …
I ask a handful of straight women – some single , some not – if they think they might be interested in a Grindr equivalent ; they say they can just about envisage it working , although none of them would commit to the notion of using it themselves .
The straight men I poll say they'd think less of any woman who " advertised herself like that " – and then all insisted on downloading gay Grindr on to their phones , " just to see how it works " .
If anyone can make and sell a straight Grindr , Simkhai can .
He does concede : " I 'm a gay man and I know how to think like a gay man … actually , my sense is I know how to think like a man .
I 'm not a woman .
I do n't know how to think like a woman . "
Yet he says he gets more requests for a straight Grindr from women than he does from straight men .
" Many more .
Which might be because straight women are often friends with gay men , so know about Grindr …
But I do think it would be relevant for women .
I do . "
Furthermore : " We 'll redesign it ; we 'll call it something different , market it differently .
We have to .
Gay men are very territorial .
They want to keep it all to themselves , but they say : ' If you have to make a straight version , call it something else .
Grindr is ours . ' "
I am still sceptical , but then Simkhai says : " This notion of : ' Who is around me ?
Who is in this room now ?
Who else is like me ? ' – this is not just a gay thing .
And this thing where : ' I want a more fulfilling life .
A richer life !'
This is not just a gay thing either .
Gay men do n't have the monopoly on loneliness and isolation . "
He is right , of course .
As I say goodbye to Joel Simkhai , I find myself thinking : however straight Grindr plays out for us – even if it opens up a Pandora 's box on our sexuality , alters forever the way men and women relate , leaves us vulnerable to a whole new world of emotional and sexual complications – bring it on .
It 's going to make life more interesting .
grindr.com
California ’s cash crop could become dirt cheap if the state legalizes marijuana .
Researchers associated with the Rand Corp.'s Drug Policy Research Center said Wednesday that not much is certain about the potential impact of Proposition 19 except that the price of California ’s choicest weed could plunge more than 80 % , down from $ 300 to $ 450 per ounce to about $ 38 .
“ That ’s a significant drop , ” said Beau Kilmer , co-director of the center .
“ We ’re very clear about the fact that the price will go down . ”
The implications of such a drop would be profound .
Kilmer and four other researchers who analyzed marijuana legalization said consumption would rise , but they could not determine with any certainty by how much .
“ We can not rule out increases of 50 % to 100 % or perhaps higher , but we just do n’t know , ” he said .
Such a low price could also affect pot prices across the nation , encourage marijuana tourism in the state , increase the amount of pot shipped out of state , disrupt the smuggling of marijuana from Mexico and stimulate an underground market designed to avoid high taxes that might be imposed .
Rand , the Santa Monica - based nonpartisan research institute , had five prominent drug policy experts spend about six months examining what might happen to marijuana use and tax revenues if Californians approve the measure on the November ballot or the Legislature passes a bill introduced by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ( D- San Francisco ) that would legalize pot and impose a $ 50 - per- ounce tax .
The report called “ Altered State ? ” is the most scholarly examination of the issue so far .
It is likely to be scrutinized and cited by both sides in the debate .
“ The uncertainty and the potential chaotic nature of what could happen here just totally derails this initiative , ” said Roger Salazar , the spokesman for Public Safety First , one of four opposition committees that plan to fight the initiative .
“ Outside of the prices going down there is nothing else that is certain here and certainly not worth having the state of California become the first entity in the world to completely legalize production and sales of marijuana . ”
Stephen Gutwillig , the California director of the Drug Policy Alliance , said : “ The current system is loaded with the certainty of mass arrest , racist enforcement and boondoggle law enforcement expenses to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars , ” he said .
The report noted that it was impossible to predict tax revenues from the initiative , which leaves that decision to cities and counties , but concluded that revenues from a statewide $ 50 - per- ounce tax could range from $ 650 million to $ 1.49 billion .
To calculate the price drop , researchers looked at the cost of growing marijuana in a 1,500 - square - foot house .
The researchers concluded that the wages paid to employees who tend the crop would slip from as much as $ 25 per hour to no more than $ 10 , just a little above what nursery laborers earn .
The report is likely to make it even harder for legalization advocates to persuade the state ’s growers and suppliers , particularly in the Emerald Triangle , to support the initiative .
The triangle area includes Humboldt , Mendocino and Trinity counties .
Dale Gieringer , director of the state chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , who has also looked at the issue , said the calculated price drop sounded reasonable , but he said it would not occur overnight .
“ It will descend slowly , is the likely scenario , ” he said .
“ If you took it out of the statute book and dealt with it like parsley , yes , it would plummet . ”
He acknowledged that consumption would probably increase if Proposition 19 passes , but said it is half the level it was in the late 1970s .
“ Fads come and go , drugs come in and out of fashion , ” he said .
“ I think we ’re in for a short - term increase in marijuana consumption regardless of whether the initiative passes . ”
Researchers also looked at estimates of the cost of enforcing marijuana laws in California , which range from $ 200 million to $ 1.9 billion , and put it at “ probably less than $ 300 million . ”
They also concluded that it is not possible to determine whether increased use would lead to more drugged driving accidents and to more use of harder drugs , such as cocaine , finding that the research is inconclusive .
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
In 2003 , Kim Yong - soon , Kim Jong - il ’s trusted adviser on relations with South Korea , died in a car accident .
Since 2001 , Mr. Ri has been the No. 2 at the organization department , a party organ Kim Jong - il used to consolidate his power in the 1970s and is still believed to be heading .
Mr. Ri was also a close confident of Ko Young - hee , Kim Jong - un ’s late mother , according to officials and analysts in Seoul .
Ms. Ko died in 2004 .
“ Kim Jong - un lost one of his two most important promoters , except his father , ” said Cheong Seong - chang , another North Korea expert at Sejong Institute .
The other is Jang Song - taek , Kim Jong - il ’s brother - in - law and director of the administration department of the party .
Mr. Jang is said to have been in a long - running rivalry with Mr. Ri .
Mr. Jang ’s influence has expanded in recent years as Kim Jong - il , who is believed to have suffered a stroke in 2008 , has relied more heavily on close relatives , Mr. Cheong , the analyst , said .
Yoo Ho-yeol , a North Korea expert at Korea University , said the rivalry raised questions about whether Mr. Ri’s death was truly an accident , but Mr. Cheong said that if it had been an assassination , “ the North would not have announced his death as quickly as they did . ”
In any case , both of the experts agreed that Mr. Jang ’s influence would rise further with Mr. Ri ’s death .
But they said that the death would not create any serious challenge to Kim Jong - un because his father had already rallied the country ’s most influential political players behind his son .
After the torpedo attack on a South Korean warship , which investigators from several countries recently said was carried out by North Korea , some analysts speculated that the North had acted to increase Kim Jong - un ’s chances at succeeding his father by building support for him within the military .
The other top official to die recently was another first deputy director of the party ’s organization department , Ri Yong - chol , 81 , who the North reported had a heart attack in April .
A report of a security flaw in Microsoft Office 2010 has been greeted with criticism by Microsoft because researchers chose not to notify the company of their findings .
Researchers at Vupen Security said they discovered a memory corruption flaw that could be used by an attacker to execute code .
The company June 22 said it " created a code execution exploit which works with Office 2010 and bypasses DEP ( Data Execution Prevention ) and Office File Validation features . "
The bug , Vupen CEO Chaouki Bekrar told eWEEK , is caused by a heap corruption error when processing malformed data within an Excel document .
" Exploiting this vulnerability is not trivial since many security features are enabled by default in Office 2010 including DEP ... Office File Validation and Protected View , " Bekrar explained in an e-mail .
" However , we have been able to reliably achieve code execution via a specially crafted Excel document . "
While technical details of the bug have not been disclosed by Vupen , the company said , " our [ government ] customers who are members of the Vupen Threat Protection Program have access to the full binary analysis of the vulnerability " as well as detection guidance .
What the company has not done , however , is give the vulnerability details to Microsoft .
" Microsoft is aware of a claimed vulnerability but does not have the details to validate the claim , " Jerry Bryant , group manager of response communications at Microsoft , said in a statement .
" To minimize risk to computer users , Microsoft continues to encourage responsible disclosure .
Reporting vulnerabilities directly to vendors helps ensure that customers receive comprehensive , high - quality updates before cyber - criminals learn of - and work to exploit - a vulnerability . "
Bekrar contended that his company actively supports responsible disclosure , and since January has discovered and responsibly reported 130 critical vulnerabilities , including more than 50 unpatched flaws affecting Microsoft products such as Office Word , Excel and Internet Explorer .
" Vupen did not and will not publicly disclose any technical details regarding these vulnerabilities , " he wrote .
" We used [ them ] to alert the affected vendors and governments or law enforcement agencies who are members of the Vupen Threat Protection Program to allow them protect national infrastructures from potential attacks .
" We did not provide the details of the Office 2010 vulnerability to Microsoft as discovering and researching that vulnerability was a very long process ( many weeks ) and an important investment for Vupen , so ... to just get our names in the credit section of a Microsoft advisory as a compensation for our work is not enough . "
In the past several weeks , there have been some prominent incidents showing that the concepts underlying responsible disclosure may not be clear - cut .
The AT&T data leak involving the e-mail addresses of iPad 3G customers and a Windows bug uncovered by a Google engineer brought the issue to a head as well .
While there are many ways to protect customers from attacks , the creators of a product are in the best position to understand the general risk to the broader customer base and create updates to the product or service that protect everyone , Bryant said .
" Vulnerability - sharing programs that do not include the software vendor are risky programs and do not promote overall customer safety , " he said .
HOUSTON – Owner
and general manager Gavin Wilkinson are in Houston , where the Major League Soccer All - Star Game will be played today , representing the
at MLS meetings .
Commissioner Don Garber spoke to The Oregonian Tuesday about Portland 's entry to MLS and other subjects related to the league .
Q .
How excited is the league about Portland joining MLS next year ?
A . We 're very excited .
Portland has a great soccer tradition and some of the best fans in the nation .
We 've have been in constant communication with Merritt and we think he and his staff are doing a terrific job .
We 're looking forward to next season .
Q. Will MLS take advantage of the rivalry that exists between the three Northwest teams ?
A . When both Portland and Vancouver start next year , we will have three of the great rivalries in sports .
Seattle , Portland and Vancouver are clubs that have been longtime rivals and I think that 's going to alter the focus from the traditional matches in the East and shift some of the attention to the Northwest .
Q. Considering the two new clubs are located in the west , will there some be some realignment in the league conferences and will Portland , Seattle and Vancouver remain in the Western Conference ?
A. Yes , there will be realignment , and those three clubs will stay in the west .
We know that two teams from the west will have to be moved to the east , but we do n't which ones yet .
Q . Any concern about the renovations to PGE Park and the fact that it's not a facility that is being built from the ground up ?
A. None at all .
One thing that we now know is that some of our most successful stadiums are the ones that are located in or close to downtown .
And you can't get any more downtown than PGE Park .
The stadium has its own soccer history that goes back many years and we 're looking forward to continuing that tradition .
Q. What are the chances the Portland could host an MLS All - Star game or MLS Cup in the future ?
A . We 've been in discussions with Merritt about bringing a MLS special event to Portland .
I 'm sure that we 'll be able to do that .
It 's just a matter of time before we finalize just what that event will be .
We , for sure , are really looking forward to coming to Portland with some big - time events .
Not just All - Star games and Cups , but some big - time international matches that our marketing company would promote .
Q . You have been quoted as saying that you hope Landon Donovan remains in MLS , how does he help the league ?
A. Landon is our greatest ambassador .
He 's a great player on the field and a great person off the field .
I would love for him to finish his career in MLS , but ultimately , I do n't have any control over what he does .
But as commissioner , I would like for him to help us continue to grow the game of soccer in the United States , and he would be more effective doing that by playing in the United States , not in Europe .
I think Landon 's performance in the World Cup has put him at a level that he is now past just being a soccer star .
He 's now a sports star and he serves as an example of someone who is associated with our league and attracts attention to Galaxy , our teams and our league .
Q . How important is it for MLS to develop home - grown stars ?
A . It 's very important .
We want our clubs to develop a strong youth academy and through those academies develop young players who will want to play for their local MLS club .
That kind of story is something we all want for our clubs , because that 's the kind of story that can inspire other youths to play our sport .
Q .
With the signing of French star Thierry Henry by the New York Red Bulls , there have been a lot of rumors about another big star coming to MLS , Ronaldinho .
Can you tell us if he will be coming to MLS soon ?
I 've read those rumors , I 'm not quite sure where they 're coming from .
Maybe one of our board members might have said he heard that one of our teams is looking at him .
But as far as I know , Ronaldinho is under contract to AC Milan .
I 've got great respect for him and should he ever decide that he 's interested in our league , we would certainly be interested in talking to him .
Those discussions would only happen when he at the end of his agreement or not under contract .
Q . How do you counter the criticism that MLS is a sort of a retirement home for aging international stars ?
A . We just signed a Mexican player in his mid-20s ( Chicago Fire signed 26 - year - old Mexican striker Nery Castillo last week ) and at the peak of his career .
I think there will always be some young players and some older players that have come to MLS at the end of their careers .
But we have some great young players here as well .
... You look at the way we do our entire league roster pool , not just the handful of guys who make the news .
Q . By the time 2012 comes , the league will have added four new teams ( Portland , Vancouver , Philadelphia and Montreal ( 2012 ) .
Are you concerned the league is expanding too quickly ?
A . We see the expansion as slow and steady growth , not rapid growth .
This is the way we prefer to grow the league , with slow and consistent growth .
Our attendance is strong , we have new stadiums that have been built or being built in Portland , Kansas City , Philadelphia , Los Angeles , New York , Canada and other cities .
We have long - term television deals .
The league has a very good financial foundation to grow in the future .
We want to eventually go to 20 to 24 teams , continue to develop players from the United States and attract top international players .
We feel we can do that in the future .
Omar Khadr is resigned to a harsh sentence at his trial next month but says he is comforted by the fact that it will shine a spotlight on an unjust judicial process .
In a letter to his Edmonton lawyer the 23 - year - old laments that " the world does n't get it , " but nonetheless accepts his role .
The May 26 letter , sent to Dennis Edney , was released as part of a last ditch efforts to sway the court of public opinion with just two weeks until the Toronto - born detainee is tried for murder in a Guantanamo court .
In the letter , handwritten and sometimes rambling , Khadr offers apologies to Edney for causing him pain and frustration and laments being the “ head of the speer ( sic ) ” concerning Guantanamo .
“ It might work if the world sees the U.S. sentencing a child to life in prison , it might show the world how unfair and sham this prosess is ( sic ) , ” he wrote .
“ Justice and freedom have a very high cost and value , and history is a good witness to it , ” he continued .
Edney and advocates for Khadr released the letter Tuesday afternoon to the Toronto Star , Washington Post , Miami Herald and Edmonton Journal in advance Khadr ’s Guantanamo trial for murder and four other war crimes .
A vigil was also planned Tuesday evening outside Toronto ’s U.S. consulate to mark the eighth anniversary of Khadr ’s capture in Afghanistan at the age of 15 .
The Pentagon has accused Khadr of throwing a grenade that killed Delta Force soldier Christopher Speer during the firefight where he was shot and detained .
His supporters and lawyers have argued that international law dictates that he should have been treated as a child soldier and rehabilitated rather than interrogated and prosecuted .
The UN has warned that trying a juvenile for war crimes sets a dangerous precedent .
“ I do n’t understand where the compassion of the Canadian people lies in this case , ” his lawyer Dennis Edney said Tuesday in explaining the release of the letter .
“ We ’re talking about a child . ”
“ He has been branded by the name of Khadr . ”
Khadr is the second youngest son of now deceased Ahmed Said Khadr who was reputed Al Qaeda financier .
Comments by Khadr ’s siblings and mother upon their return to Toronto from Pakistan caused an uproar and accusations of being a family of “ Canadians by convenience . ”
Canadians remain largely divided over whether the Harper government should demand Khadr be brought home to face justice or stand trial in Guantanamo .
The Federal Court of Appeal overturned a lower court decision last week that ordered Ottawa to intercede on his behalf in Guantanamo .
Canada ’s Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that the federal government did breach Khadr ’s constitutional rights but stopped short of ordering Prime Minister Stephen Harper to ask for his repatriation , saying the courts could n’t stray into the realm of dictating foreign policy .
Khadr ’s case is significant as it will be the first military commission trial under the Obama administration and he remains the last Western detainee and the youngest .
Prosecutors say they are eagerly awaiting trial next month and preparations are underway to bring witnesses to the U.S. Naval base on Cuba ’s southeast shore .
Dear Dennis :
I ’m writing to you because sometimes there are things you ca n’t say , but rather write on paper , and even if I were to tell you you wo n’t understand .
So anyway here are the things :
First :
About this whole MC thing we all do n’t believe in and know it ’s unfair and know Dennis that there must be somebody to sacrifice to really show the world the unfairness , and really it seems that it ’s me .
Know Dennis that I do n’t want that , I want my freedom and life , but I really do n’t see it coming from this way .
Dennis you always say that I have an obligation to show the world what is going on down here and it seems that we ’ve done every thing but the world does n’t get it , so it might work if the world sees the US sentencing a child to life in prison , it might show the world how unfair and sham this process is , and if the world does n’t see all this , to what world am I being released to ?
A world of hate , unjust and discrimination !
I really do n’t want to live in a life like this .
Dennis justice and freedom have a very high cost and value , and history is a good witness to it , not too far ago or far away how many people sacrificed for the civil right law to take affect .
Dennis
I hate being the head of the spear , but life has put me , and as life have put me in the past in hard position and still is , I just have to deal with it and hope for the best results .
Second :
The thought of firing everybody as you know is always on my mind so if one day I stop coming or fire you please respect it and forget about me , I know it is hard for you .
Just think about me as a child who died and get along with your life .
Of course I am not saying that will or will n’t happen but its on my mind all the time .
Dennis .
I ’m so sorry to cause you this pain , but consider it one of your sons hard decisions that you do n’t like , but you have to deal with , and always know what you mean to me and know that I will always be the same person you ’ve known me and will never change , and please do n’t be sad and be hopeful and know that there is a very merciful and compassionate creator watching us and looking out for us and taking care of us all , you might not understand these thing , but know by experience they have kept me how and who I am .
With love and my best wishes to you , and the family , and everybody who loves me , and I love them back in Canada , and I leave you with HOPE and I am living on it , so take care .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Your truly son ,
Omar 26 May 2010 at 11:37am
P.S. Please keep this letter as private as can be , and as you see appropriate .
If you 're reading this , you 're on the Internet , and if you 're on the Internet you 've heard about the " Three Wolf Moon " T - shirt .
If you think you 're too cool to wear an Internet meme , however , then perhaps Capcom could convince you with this rather amazing " Three Wolf God Sun " shirt instead , an Okami - flavored parody of the legendary garment .
Unfortunately for the majority of you , these shirts are very exclusive indeed .
They 'll only be available at Comic - Con , and you 'll need to win them in a raffle .
This shirt clearly has magical healing properties since it is so hard to obtain .
Seriously though , this shirt is the best thing ever .
Exclusive 3 Wolf T - Shirt For Comicon ?
[ HotBloodedGaming ]
( Natural News )
A new analysis just published in the journalconcludes that a significant proportion of terminally ill cancer patients spend most of their final days and weeks subjected to grueling radiation therapy ( radiotherapy ) .
When mainstream medicine runs out of treatments to try for long - term cancer control , so - called palliative radiotherapy is often ordered for end - stage cancer patients .
The rationale ?
It 's supposed to control cancer - related pain and other symptoms by reducing the number of cancer cells .
That , in theory , can relieve pressure and bleeding and give patients a better quality of life in their final months and days .
Unfortunately , it does n't work .
Finally , in their new paper , Germany researchers have documented just how dismal the results of palliative radiotherapy really are .
Stephan Gripp , MD , of the University Hospital in Dusseldorf , Germany , and his colleagues investigated the treatment of terminally ill cancer patients who were referred for palliative radiotherapy at the University Hospital between December 2003 and July 2004 .
In all , they studied 33 of these patients , all of whom died within 30 days of receiving radiation therapy .
Bottom line : for most patients , the treatments were not effective and patients who were close to death and wanted to die in their own homes were instead kept in the hospital so they could be irradiated .
And they often ended up dying in the hospital while suffering greatly from the effects of the radiation treatment .
Thestudy found that radiotherapy was delivered to 91 percent of dying cancer patients and half of those patients spent more than 60 percent of their remaining lifespan on radiotherapy .
In fact , only 58 percent of patients completed radiotherapy , primarily because they died .
Moreover , the researchers reported that many doctors who ordered palliative radiotherapy overestimated how long their patients had to live .
Among cancer patients who died within one month , about one in five of their physicians had predicted more than six months survival .
The German research team suggested that " excessive radiotherapy in end - stage cancer patients may reflect overoptimistic prognoses and unrealistic concerns about radiation damage . " " Radiation oncologists have fallen short in accurately determining the life span of terminally ill cancer patients .
This has resulted in unduly prolonged radiation therapy regimens that often go uncompleted due to death or withdrawal from treatment , " Dr. Gripp said in a statement to the media .
KDevelop - ExternalScript plugin
Heyho , me again :)
Seems like I have quite the urge to write blog posts recently …
Anyhow :
The last two days I reimplemented / ported two features from Quanta 3 times to KDevelop ( if you still did n’t get it : everything is a plugin , hece it will be reused in Quanta 4 ) .
What I ’m talking about is most importantly the revival of a “ execute external script ” plugin .
It ’s currently still in a feature branch , but will hopefully be merged into master soon .
But what can you do with it ?
Well , think about the following usecases and see how they can be solved with this plugin :
I want to compile and run a simple helloworld .
cpp - like file without setting up a build environment nor do I want to setup a project for it .
Use an external script : _quick compile_ .
It just runs this command : `g ++ -o %b %f && ./% f`
In this code `% f` gets replaced with the path to the currently active file and` % b` is it ’s basename ( i.e. without extension ) .
I want to sort / uniq / … the selection in the current document .
Here you can either use [ Kate Scripts ] ( http://dhaumann.blogspot.com/2009/10/extending-kate-with-scripts.html), which gives you the same features .
But to show you the capabilities of the external script plugin , this is a good example : Setup an external script , that gets the current selection ( or the whole file if nothing is selected ) piped into it ’s `STDIN` and let the selection ( or , again , the whole file if nothing was selected ) in the active document get replaced by the `STDOUT` of the external script .
I ’ve added an example doing just that .
I want to google for the selection in the active document .
I got this example from the _External Tools_ plugin for Kate , and made it possible to do that with the new plugin in KDevelop .
Simply use the following script : `xdg-open " http://google.com/search?q=%s " `
Note : `% s` gets replaced by the shell - escaped version of the selected text in the document .
I want to run an external syntax checker on my file / folder / …
Simply use an external script for it :)
With the various ` % ...` placeholders it should be easy enough to do .
Here are a few screenshots showing the tool in action :
Second feature that I pushed in , which you can also see in action for the external scripts , is the possibility to assign shortcuts to snippets and external scripts .
Eventually I ’ll also try to bring back the “ user toolbars ” from Quanta 3 times , but I hope to do that properly inside KDELibs for reuse by other applications .
Another thing :
In Quanta 3 times it was easier to create external scripts that showed some UI and asked for more user input .
This is not possible since Kommander ( which was used back then ) is not available nowadays .
If someone polishes the afaik halfway working port , I ’m willing to implement it again .
Anyhow I think nowadays one should use Qt Designer and Ruby or Python bindings to create UIs .
Sure , a bit harder but much more powerful .
But well , now it ’s your turn to write cool external scripts :)
And to give me feedback :
What kind of scripts would you write ?
What %... placeholders do you need ?
PS : Even though I booked flights and accommodation ages ago , I have n’t yet announced it in proper KDE - style yet :
The return of Avatar to theaters in a new special edition cut is now scheduled for August 27 and will be shown exclusively in digital 3D and IMAX 3D .
Director James Cameron offered the following statement with the announcement .
“ Audiences repeatedly told me they wanted more of Pandora and wished they could have stayed there longer , ” he said .
“ So we ’re making that possible .
‘ Avatar : Special Edition ’ will be exclusively in 3D and will have eight minutes of never before seen footage , including new creatures and action scenes .
Whether you already love the movie , or you ’ve never seen it , with this special edition , you ’ll be seeing it like never before . ”
This same special edition cut with 8 additional minutes , including the Jake / Neytiri sex scene , is also scheduled to make its way to Blu-ray Disc and DVD this November .
There ’s also a standing rumor that Fox will offer it in Blu-ray 3D exclusively with the purchase of Panasonic Blu-ray 3D hardware , which would make sense to push the adoption of Blu-ray 3D heading into the holiday shopping season .
Neither Fox nor Panasonic have confirmed a deal is in place .
Penn Jillette on how reading the great religious texts will make you into an atheist , the future of magic , and how he and Teller work together .
hat tip boingboing
It may not be as momentous as his promises to end the Iraq war or cut taxes for 95 percent of American families , but President Barack Obama 's pledge to buy his daughters a puppy has spawned intrigue ( the dog 's identity was disclosed by a mysterious Web site ) , lobbying ( a Washington Labradoodle owner launched " Labradoodles for Obama " ) and controversy ( a PolitiFact reader wrote us recently to consider this a broken promise because , two months into his presidency , Obama still had n't delivered the dog ) .
But Obama has fulfilled the promise .
The White House announced Sunday that the Obamas are adopting Bo , a 6 - month - old Portuguese water dog .
The dog is a gift from Sen .
Ted Kennedy , a Portie owner , which means that Bo comes , in the words of Howard Dean , from the Democratic wing of the Democratic Party .
According to exhaustive reporting by the Washington Post , we also know details of the dog's conception , such as the fact that the kennel owner sipped a Budweiser while Bo 's parents mated .
Originally named Amigo's New Hope , the dog was adopted by a woman in Washington who named him Charlie .
But he did n't get along with her older Portie , so the woman returned him .
At that point , Kennedy 's wife Victoria , who had gotten another puppy from the litter , suggested he would be perfect for the Obama girls .
They named him Bo because their cousins have a cat by the same name and Michelle Obama 's father was nicknamed Diddley .
Bo 's adoption was announced on April 12 , 2009 , but he wo n't arrive at the White House for another day or two .
He first must complete his education — not at Harvard like so many Obama appointees , but at the Merit Puppy Training in Hume , Va .
The academy 's Web site says it uses " shaping and luring techniques combined with behavior modification " to teach dogs " basic manners . "
The Web site says , " It is far easier to train them now rather than try to cure behavior problems later on . "
Nokia 's looking to ride the mojo of any negative fallout from today 's Apple press conference , slipping out a rather fascinating statement this afternoon .
The gist of it is that Espoo 's keen on letting everyone know how much blood , sweat , and tears they 've poured into perfecting their antenna design strategy over the years , going so far as to say that they " prioritize " it over the physical design of the phone if they need to in order to optimize its call performance -- an opinion moderately different from the " we want to have our cake and eat it too " philosophy espoused by Jobs today .
In closing , Nokia acknowledges that a " tight grip " can mess with the performance , though they say they 've done a bunch of research on the ways their phones are typically held so that the antennas are placed optimally .
Interestingly , there was a stink not long ago about the severe signal degradation some E71 users were seeing when they placed their hands on the lower rear of the phone -- but you can't win 'em all , we suppose .
Follow the break for the full statement .
The fierce debate about the nature of Pakistani society triggered by the killing of more than 80 Ahmadis in two mosques in Lahore last month continues to run and run .
Much of the discussion is about why the government had failed to stop the religious right from preaching hatred against the Ahmadis , who are considered non-Muslims in Pakistan because they revere their 19th century founder Mirza Ghulam Ahmad , breaching – according to Pakistani law – a requirement that Muslims accept the finality of the Prophet Mohammad .
While authorities had been willing to shut down Facebook over a competition to draw the Prophet , it had not dared take action to remove banners preaching hatred against the Ahamdis , fearing a backlash from the religious right , Dawn newspaper complained in an editorial .
In a chronicle of deaths foretold , Professor C.M.
Naim tracks the earlier killing of an Ahmadi , a retired teacher , in January in the town of Ferozewal .
In an article in India ’s Outlook magazine ( h/t Chapati Mystery ) he notes that not only did the police fail to take adequate action against the man ’s killers , but also that the media paid very little attention , barring one persistent reporter .
He also reproduces a picture of a huge billboard in Ferozewal preaching hatred against the Ahmadis .
“ Judging from the image , the sign must have dominated the roundabout where it was set up to exhort the 97.21 percent of Ferozewala ’s population against the unfortunate 0.25 .
It had stayed up for weeks .
Thousands , including any number of men with power and authority , saw it but chose to do nothing .
Finally a retired schoolteacher victimized by the sign and fearing worse approached the police for relief .
A few days later , he ended up dead , ” he writes .
He adds : “ The following too went unnoticed :
On January 14 , an Ahmadi mosque built in1982 near Rabwah was taken away from them by court orders and handed to anti-Ahmadis , “ in order to pre-empt extreme law and order disturbances ” .
On January 28 , a court at Vehari , Punjab , sentenced three Ahmadis to imprisonment and fines on trumped up charges of preaching their religion to “ simple Muslims ” .
On February 3 , an Ahmadi was similarly killed at Shehdadpur , Sindh .
On April 1 , three Ahmadi traders were ambushed and killed near Faisalabad .
“ Then , on May 28 , 2010 , in well - organized attacks on two Ahmadi mosques in Lahore , just a few miles away from Ferozewala , more than 90 Ahmadis were killed and scores wounded .
We can only hope it was the worst such incident , for unfortunately it was not the last .
On June 1 , just three days later , the Daily Times reported another killing : an Ahmadi man was stabbed to death in his home and his son seriously wounded in Narowal , Punjab .
The assailant , who reportedly threatened not to leave any Ahmadi alive , escaped . ”
“ Here ’s a question , ” writes Nadeem Paracha at Dawn .
“ How come whenever there ’s a drone attack … or a case of perceived obscenity or blasphemy surfaces , street corners are at once filled with burqa - clad women and bearded men chanting slogans like ‘ Death to infidels ’ ?
But none of these fine , sensitive Muslims can be seen protesting when there ’s an attack on innocent civilians — Ahmadis or others — by the extremists ? ”
Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , whose brother Shahbaz Sharif is chief minister of Punjab province where the killings took place , this weekend spoke in defence of the Ahmadis , calling them “ our brethren and an asset of the country ” , according to The News .
The Sharif brothers in the past have been accused of sympathising with the Islamists and were criticised after newspapers published pictures of the law minister in Punjab – who is loyal to the two – campaigning in a by - election in February with leaders of the outlawed sectarian Sipah e Sahaba .
The post - mortem on the Ahmadi mosque killings is now turning into a bigger discussion of whether secular liberals have any real influence on Pakistani society as it grows more religious and conservative .
“ The problem is that there are n’t nearly enough of us for this to matter , ” complains the blog Five Rupees .
“ There are a few scattered in the blogosphere and Twitterverse , and a couple of columnists for Dawn , and the Daily Times editorial board , but that ’s it .
There are , functionally speaking , no liberals in Pakistan .
Oh , there ’s plenty of scotch - drinking social liberals ( think Salman Taseer ) .
But liberalism and progressivism is not about drinking scotch or wearing jeans .
Liberalism is about equality and freedom and personal choice and rationality and the privileging of the individual , and no one believes in those things . ”
“ We ’ve been talking about the dangers of militancy for a long , long time — well before 9/11 .
That no one bothers listening is not an indictment of the “ failed politics of Pakistani liberals ” .
It ’s an indictment of everyone else .
If mainstream Pakistan wants to ignore us , fine , that ’s their prerogative .
But do n’t blame us when shit goes bad . ”
And in Britain ’s Guardian newspaper , Mustafa Qadri notes that more and more Pakistanis are turning to prayer given the failure of the state to provide a credible , secular alternative .
“ Uncertainty is an inherent part of the human experience , but in Pakistan much of what a reader in Britain might take for granted is far from certain .
How long will the electricity last today ?
Where will the next bomb go off ?
And , for most who do not inhabit my privileged world , will I be able to afford the right medication if I fall ill ?
The profound loss of control felt by long - term illness sufferers and their loved ones has become a countrywide phenomenon in Pakistan .
“ The situation has exacerbated our cultural tendency to avow causation in favour of fate and the rewards of prayer .
Whether looking for a job , waiting anxiously for exam results or willing the national cricket team to victory , prayer has become a kneejerk source of solace and comfort in difficult times .
Holy men , or pirs , and local soothsayers have for generations made a career out of selling their prayers to those in need .
“ And why not ?
Doing the right thing , like expecting to get a plum job without working family contacts , rarely seems to lead to results in our country .
During my travels I have met several academically bright students from middle - class backgrounds who complain they cannot get into top university courses because wealthier classmates have paid to gain entrance .
The experience for the millions below the middle class , who could never dream of a university education , is even more dire . ”
At the very least , the killings of the Ahmadis has prompted a real discussion about the direction Pakistan is headed in .
And even , some poetry .
One day , looking back , it may well be seen as a turning point .
Harvey Bialy - former journal editor
Henry Bauer - professor emeritus , Virginia Tech
Lawrence Broxmeyer , MD
Rebecca Culshaw - professor at University of Texas - Tyler
Stephen Davis
Stephen Davis , a former US Army " Physician 's Assistant " is the author of a novel that also claims to be " the true story of how government lies and incompetence , gross medical malpractice , and unbridled greed by a drug company cost 300,000 American lives in just ten years " .
Like most AIDS denialists , he is not a scientist and prefers his own websites to peer - reviewed journals for the dissemination of his crackpot theories .
His own website has a bio that exposes his lack of appropriate medical and scientific expertise .
Peter Duesberg - professor at UC - Berkeley
Celia Farber - writer
Roberto Giraldo - laboratory technologist
Christine Maggiore
Christine Maggiore died at the age of 52 on Saturday 27 December 2008 .
See our page on denialists who have died for more information on her denialist activities .
Andrew Maniotis - University of Illinois
Andrew Maniotis -
His background is in cancer research , but his career as an active researcher took a wrong turn several years ago and he no longer holds a tenure track faculty position at the University of Illinois , Chicago .
He has no direct experience working with HIV experimentally .
His lack of experience and professional stature has , however , have not prevented Maniotis from lying on the internet , both specifically ( as outlined below ) and generally , by presenting himself as a bona fide expert on multiple areas of science and medicine ... more
Kary Mullis - chemist
Eleni Papadopulos - Eleopulos , nuclear physicist
A member of the " Perth group " , who despite tens of thousands of HIV genetic sequences in Genbank , claims that HIV does not exist .
In the R v. Parenzee case , Ms Papadopulos - Eleopulos was called to testify as an " expert witness " for the defense .
The judge had this to say about Ms Papadopulos - Eleopulos and her supposed expertise in his Reasons for Decision document :
Ms Papadopulos - Eleopulos has no formal qualifications in medicine , biology , virology , immunology , epidemiology or any other medical disciplines .
She has never treated or been directly involved in clinical trials of any kind relating to any disease .
Her duties at the Royal Perth Hospital are to test people for sensitivity to ultraviolet radiation .
Ms Papadopulos - Eleopulos claims that she conducts research in the area of HIV / AIDS in her private time .
It became clear that , when she spoke about research , she meant reading various medical papers about the research of others .
Her experience with the HIV virus and with AIDS is limited to reading and critiquing the work of researchers involved in various studies .
She purports to have expertise to speak on the subject of virology , epidemiology , electron microscopy , biology and immunology .
She has no practical experience in any of these areas .
She has no formal qualifications in these disciplines .
The evidence given by Ms Papadopulos - Eleopulos about the Perth group demonstrates that she is promoting a cause .
She is not independent .
She is motivated to create a debate about her theory .
The Perth Group will use whatever means available to promote that debate , including encouragement of persons such as the applicant , to promote their theories in courts of law .
The judge concluded : " I consider that her opinions lack any credibility . "
David Rasnick
According to Wikipedia , Dr. David Rasnick is a biochemist who has worked on proteases .
He is , however , best known for his AIDS denialism , and is a past president of the Group for the Scientific Reappraisal of the HIV / AIDS Hypothesis .
The Cape High Court found that David Rasnick , Matthias Rath and others conducted an unauthorised clinical trial on people with HIV .
The judgment can be found here .
Rath , Rasnick and others were responsible for a trial that recruited people dying of AIDS to their health facilities in Cape Town and Durban .
Patients were given multivitamins as a treatment for AIDS instead of ARVs .
Investigations by the Treatment Action Campaign and journalists have shown that several deaths occurred on the trial .
Rath , Rasnick and the other trial investigators published their results as a series of newspaper advertisements , something that is considered unethical in scientific research .
None of these advertisements , which in any case portray data that is nonsensical , refer to the deaths on their trial .
For further details see The Wrongs of Matthias Rath .
Rasnick is a dishonest person who has put the lives of poor and vulnerable people at risk with deadly consequences .
His dishonesty extends to claiming credit for the invention of protease inhibitors .
David Rasnick is identified on the denialist Alive and Well website ’s advisory board list to be the “ Creator of Protease Inhibitors . ”
Similar claims are repeated on other denialist websites and in denialist literature .
To have created protease inhibitors would be something to boast about : they have saved the lives of millions of people with HIV , and their invention was a breakthrough in HIV treatment .
But Rasnick should n’t get the credit .
It is true that Rasnick worked in a laboratory where some protease inhibitors were developed ; it is not true that Rasnick himself invented that class of drugs .
He is not listed on any patents that have been granted in respect of the use of these drugs , something that would be true of an “ inventor . ”
Furthermore , the chemicals Rasnick helped to develop are not used for the treatment of HIV infection — though it would be ironic if they were .
Rasnick has also misrepresented his affiliation , calling himself a visiting professor at the University of California , Berkeley .
Rasnick is and was no such thing .
Dr. Peter Duesberg , who is a faculty member at Berkeley and a close friend of Rasnick , allowed Rasnick to use his laboratory .
The University has debunked this false claim :
I understand David Rasnick claimed an affiliation with our department in an article ( The Citizen , April 7 ) .
David Rasnick has no affiliation with the University of California , Department of Molecular and Cell Biology .
One should obviously be concerned that someone who misrepresents his own affiliation might also misrepresent data and arguments in other areas .
Richard Harland , Ph.D. University of California , Berkeley Dept of Molecular and Cell Biology
Professor Harland has is exactly right .
Denialists lie about who they are and who supports them : they cannot be trusted with the truth about HIV and AIDS .
Matthias Rath - vitamin salesman
Matthias Rath is the definitive charlatan .
Armed with huge amounts of money , megalomania , a lack of conscience and most importantly , the support of South Africa 's incompetent former Minister of Health Manto Tshabalala - Msimang , Rath has sown confusion in South Africa about the treatment and prevention of HIV .
The Rath saga demonstrates how damaging politically - supported AIDS denialism is .
See this comprehensive page on Rath on the Treatment Action Campaign 's website :
Also see :
Valendar Turner , physician
A member of the " Perth group " , who despite tens of thousands of HIV genetic sequences in Genbank , claims that HIV does not exist .
In the R v. Parenzee case , Dr Turner was called to testify as an " expert witness " for the defense .
The judge had this to say about Dr Turner and his supposed expertise regarding HIV and AIDS in his Reasons for Decision document :
Dr Turner 's knowledge of the subject matter is limited to reading .
He has no formal qualifications to give expert opinions about the virus .
He has no practical experience in the treatment of viral diseases .
He has no practical experience in the disciplines of virology , immunology or epidemiology .
His opinions are based on reading scientific literature , studying of scientific literature , and spending a considerable amount of time thinking .
I conclude that Dr Turner is not qualified to advance expert opinion about virus isolation , antibody tests , viral load tests , or sexual transmission of the virus .
His knowledge of these subjects is limited to having read a number of publications .
He relies entirely on his interpretation of various studies in the specialised disciplines of virology , epidemiology , microbiology , immunology , pathology or infectious diseases , in none of which he has qualifications beyond his medical degree .
He has no practical experience , and has performed no research which has been published .
Apparently there is some struggle going on between the Perth Group and other denialists , as we see in this post on a denialist discussion group :
From : MSN Nickname DissidentSaint Sent : 5/14/2007 7:44 PM
To Whom It May Concern ,
This information was communicated to me by defense attorney Kevin Borick and confirmed by David Crowe who were both intimately involved with the case .
Mr. Borick stated that The Perth Group were acting as prima donnas and threatened to hold a press conference denouncing other dissenting perspectives if Duesberg or others were brought in as expert witnesses for the defense or if the case was expanded , as it should have been to address anomalies in epidemiology , etc , to include discussion of ' HIV ' positivity pathogenesis and progression to ' AIDS .'
AIDS Denialists Who Have Died
There is a separate page listing AIDS Denialists Who Have Died .
Deception and Duplicity among the “ Dissidents ”
HIV denialists boast that they oppose the science - driven “ AIDS orthodoxy , ” and many people who distrust medicine find this self - ascribed rebel stance appealing .
But the denialists paradoxically idealize the very “ establishment ” they claim to reject .
This is manifested in a striking pattern of exaggerations and outright lies from denialists about their institutional positions , scientific qualifications , and publications , and their false and often fraudulent claims of support from legitimate scientists and doctors .
Some of these lies are symptoms of denialists ’ delusions that they are knowledgeable and important , while others are part of a systematic effort to deceive a vulnerable public .
In both cases , the denialists ’ lies about themselves are a dimension of their lies about HIV and AIDS .
Nashville Divorce Attorneys & Family Law Lawyers Help Resolve Disputes
Divorce and family law are challenging areas of legal practice and require a special touch .
No other type of legal dispute is quite as emotional .
Managing and interpreting these emotions is essential , whether in the courtroom or at the mediation table .
At Miller Upshaw Family Law , PLLC , we offer our clients more than 40 years of combined experience devoted to resolving divorce and family law issues .
Our Nashville divorce attorneys understand the strain of divorce and other domestic relations disputes , and we try to get you back to your life as soon as we can .
However , we also know that a big part of getting results in family law matters is letting the other side know you are ready to go to court if that is what it takes .
Our Nashville divorce attorneys have earned their reputations as aggressive , proactive advocates for our clients .
We have the skills and the resources to take on even the most complex divorce cases , and have won substantial victories for our clients .
When you need a skilled Nashville divorce lawyer to fight for your goals and your future , Miller Upshaw Family Law , PLLC is here .
' I Wish ' Limited Edition Print
' I Wish ' limited edition print & mural .
Available here now .
In this tutorial you ’ll learn how to create a Gas Giant planet , moons , sun and starfield totally in After Effects .
This tutorial makes extensive use of Fractal Noise which can be used to create a whole host of visuals , and some expressions to link the light direction on the different elements we create .
Tutorial
Step 1
Start a new project and save it as ‘ Gas Giant Scene ’ .
Create a new HDV 1080 25 Composition and make it 30 seconds long .
Save this as ‘ Gas Giant ’.
Step 2
Create a new Solid ( Layer / New / Solid ) and choose a deep orange colour .
Click ‘ Make Comp Size ’ then click ‘ OK ’ .
Step 3
In the timeline , click on this layer , then go to Effect / Noise & Grain / Fractal Noise .
The Fractal Noise effect is a great way to create clouds , random patterns and textures .
Set Fractal Type to Dynamic
Twist and boost the contrast to around 145 to add some definition to the clouds .
Twirl down the Transform property and uncheck the Uniform Scaling checkbox .
Set the Scale Width to around 500 to stretch out the clouds , and the Scale Height to 50 to compress them .
Then at the bottom of the Effects Panel , set the Blending Mode to Soft Light .
Step 4
Now to add a simple expression to animate the cloud movement .
Staying in the Effect Controls panel , Alt - Click the Stopwatch icon next to Evolution to open an expressions field in the timeline widow below .
In here type : time * 20 .
This will sample the current time and multiply it by 20 and then apply this to the Evolution setting of the clouds .
Do a quick RAM Preview to see how this looks .
Step 5
Duplicate this layer ( Edit / Duplicate ) .
Now go into the Solid Settings ( Layer / Solid Settings ) and change the colour to a lighter orange tone .
Step 6
Open up the Effects Panel and in the Fractal Noise Transform settings , change the Scale Width to 400 , just to add variation from the first layer .
Step 7
With the top layer selected , hit ' U ' to bring up the expression , and change it to Time * 15 - again to add some variety of animation .
Step 8
We 'll create the bands of cloud seen on Gas Giants by masking out sections of the top layer .
With the top layer selected , and using the mask tool , draw a series of horizontal rectangle masks , varying the height and position .
Do n't do too many and be aware that the ones in the middle will appear thicker when applied to the sphere later .
Step 9
Create a new adjustment layer ( Layer / New / Adjustment Layer ) and add Effect / Distort / Turbulent Displace .
In the Turbulent Displace Effect Controls panel , set the Amount to 150 and the Size to 2 .
Step 10
Now to create a couple more expressions to drive the cloud turbulence .
In the Turbulent Displace Effect Controls panel , Alt - Click the Stopwatch icon next to Offset ( Turbulence ) .
In the layer 's expression field type : [ time * 3,0 ] .
This will animate only the horizontal offset and leave the vertical untouched .
Now Alt - Click the Stopwatch icon next to Evolution and in the expression field , type : time * 100 .
Step 11
With the Adjustment Layer selected , choose Effects / Stylize / Glow and apply these settings : Glow Threshold 90 % ; Glow Radius 130 ; Glow Intensity 0.5 .
Step 12
Create a new White Solid ( Layer / New / Solid ) and set the opacity of this to 25 % to add a hazy atmosphere feel .
Step 13
Next we 'll create the planet 's rings .
Create a new Composition called ' Ring ' .
Make it 1000x1000 pixels and change the ' Pixel Aspect Ratio ' to ' Square Pixels ' .
Step 14
Create a new Black Solid , 3 pixels wide and 300 high .
Change its scale properties to 100,000 % wide ( click the chain icon to disconnect the horizontal and vertical scale ) and 100 % high .
Do n't worry - it will make sense in a second !
Step 15
Now add Fractal Noise to the layer , changing the ' Fractal Type ' to ' Dynamic ' .
This should create a series of lines stretched across the layer .
Increase the contrast to 185 then play around with the Fractal Noise Evolution until you get an effect you like .
Move the layer down so it sits on the bottom of the frame .
Step 16
Add an adjustment layer and choose Effect / Distort / Polar Coordinates .
Push the Interpolation up to 100 % and change the Type of Conversion to ' Rect to Polar ' .
And there you are - a nice , fractal based ring system .
Step 17
Before we put the planet together , we 'll make a couple of moons using Fractal Noise in a slightly different way .
Create a new HDV 1080 25 composition called ' Moon 01 ' .
Make it 30 seconds long .
Add a new Black Solid , call it ' Moon 01 Texture ' and make it Comp Size .
Then go to Effect / Noise and Grain / Fractal Noise .
Increase the Contrast to 200 , drop the Brightness to - 20 , and twirl down the Transform button and take the Scale down to 40 .
Step 18
Create a new adjustment layer and choose Effect / Stylize / CC
Glass .
Input these settings in the ' Surface ' properties : Softness 1 ; Height 50 ; Displacement 200 .
Step 19
Next we 'll add some craters .
Create a new Black Solid ( Layer / New / Solid ) , call it ' Moon 01 Craters ' and add Effect / Simulation / CC Particle World .
Step 20
Click the Options at the top of the Effects window .
Then go into Opacity Map and in the Presets drop - down choose ' Constant ' .
OK that and the options window .
Step 21
Switch the Grid from Floor to Off .
Make sure you are at the start of the composition , set the Birth Rate to 1000 and click the stopwatch .
Move forward one frame ( press Page Down once ) and set the Birth Rate back to 0 .
Step 22
Set Longevity to 30 seconds .
This will create a bunch of particles at the first frame which will last for the whole of the composition .
Now make them more spread out by twirling down the Producer options and set Radius X as 1 , and Radius Y as 0.5 .
Twirl down Physics and set the velocity to 0 - freezing the particles in one place .
Take the Gravity and Extra down to 0 too .
Step 23
Twirl down the Particle options and set the Particle Type to Shaded Sphere .
Set the Birth and Death Sizes to 0.07 , and the Size Variation and Max Opacity to 100 % .
Set the Birth Color and Death Color to Black and you 've created a nice rocky moon texture map .
Step 24
Let 's make another moon - this time a volcanic one .
Create a new composition and call it ' Moon 02 ' .
Add a new Orange Solid , call it ' Moon 02 Texture ' , then choose Effect / Noise and Grain / Fractal Noise .
Set the Contrast to 300 , the Brightness to - 30 , and the Blending Mode to Soft Light .
Step 25
Create a new Adjustment Layer and add Effects / Stylize / CC
Glass .
Set this layer 's blending mode to Overlay .
Under the Surface properties , set the Softness to 1 , Height to 100 and Displacement to 300 .
If you are getting bright yellow patches coming through , knock down the Fractal Noise contrast until they disappear .
And that is your Volcanic Moon texture map .
Okay - let 's put all these elements together in the final composition !
Step 26
Create a new HDV 1080 25 composition and label it ' Scene Composed ' , 30 secs long .
We 'll make a starfield background first .
Create a new Black Solid , call it ' Stars ' , and add Effect / Noise and Grain / Fractal noise ( again ! ) .
Set the Contrast to 150 , Brightness to - 90 , and in the Transform properties , the Scale to 2 .
For more or fewer stars , just adjust the brightness .
Step 27
Create a new Black Solid called ' Dust ' .
Add Fractal noise with Noise Type set to ' Spline ' , Contrast at 200 , Brightness at - 20 , and Scale at 400 .
You can play about with the Evolution settings to adjust the feel of the clouds , and change the Offset Turbulence to move them about until you are happy .
Step 28
Next add Effect / Color Correction / Curves .
Create a steep curve , crushing the blacks .
Then add Effect / Color Correction / Tint .
Use the colour picker to ' Map White To ' a deep blue .
Set this layer to Screen over the stars layer .
Step 29
From the Project Window , drag the ' Gas Giant ' composition onto the timeline .
Make this layer 3d by ticking the 3D layer checkbox .
Go to Effect / Perspective / CC
Sphere and apply it to the layer .
In the Effect Controls / CC Sphere options , set the Render dropdown to ' Outside ' .
This will speed up render time a little by only drawing the outside of the sphere .
Step 30
Drag in the ' Ring ' composition and make this layer 3d also .
Set its opacity to 50 % .
Step 31
With the ' Ring ' layer selected , choose Effect / Color Correction / Tint and ' Map White to ' an orange / brown , knocking ' Amount to Tint ' down to 30 % .
Step 32
Then take the pick whip and parent the Rings layer to the Gas Giant Texture Map layer to lock them together .
Step 33
We now need to link the Scale , X - Rotation and Y - Rotation of the Ring to the properties of the Gas Giant .
Open the Effect Controls panel for the Gas Giant by clicking on its layer .
Now click the little padlock icon in the top left of the Effect Controls panel to lock it open .
In the CC Sphere options , twirl down the Rotation properties .
Step 34
Drop down the Ring Layer 's transform properties on the timeline , and Alt - Click the Ring 's Scale stopwatch to open up the Expressions window .
Take the pickwhip from the Ring 's Scale properties and link it with the Gas Giant 's CC Sphere Radius .
This makes the rings rather too big , so add ' / 2 ' to the end of the expression to divide the size by 2 .
Step 35
Alt - Click the Ring layer 's X - Rotation stopwatch , take the pickwhip and link it with the Gas Giant 's CC Sphere X - Rotation .
This will link the rotation but you 'll notice the rings are still vertical and rotate in the opposite direction to the planet .
We need to adjust the expression with a couple of variables .
At the start of the expression , add a square bracket ( [ ) .
At the end add '* - 1 ' - this will reverse the rotation of the rings .
Close the expression with another square bracket ( ] ) and then add ' - 90 ' to rotate the rings to the horizontal .
Step 36
Now link the Ring 's Y - Rotation with the Gas Giant 's CC Sphere Z-Rotation and add ' * - 1 ' at the end of this expression .
In the Gas Giant 's CC Sphere Effect Controls , play around with the X and Z rotation values and see how the Ring stays locked to the planet 's rotation .
Avoid rotating too much as we 'll see the back of the planet where the texture map joins , and the same goes for using the Y rotation .
Step 37
Now bring the ' Moon 01 ' composition onto the timeline .
Make the layer 3d and add Effect / Perspective / CC
Sphere .
Again , drop down the Render options and set to ' Outside ' .
Step 38
Now we will link the light properties of the Gas Giant and Moon 01 together so that we can change the lighting settings on the planet , and the moon 's will automatically update .
This takes a little while and uses pickwhips , but it 's worth doing for the versatility it adds later .
Click the Gas Giant Effect Controls panel and make sure it is still locked open .
On the ' Moon 01 ' layer , drop down the CC Sphere Effect options .
Now pickwhip the following properties to those of the Gas Giant's : Light Intensity ; Light Color ; Light Height ; Light Direction ; and in the Shading options : Ambient ; Diffuse ; Specular ; Roughness ; Metal and Reflective .
We wo n't be altering all of these variables in this tutorial , but it 's good to have the option built in .
Step 39
Now duplicate the Moon 01 layer .
With the duplicate copy selected , hold down Alt and drag the ' Moon 02 ' composition from the project window onto the layer , replacing the Moon 01 map with the Moon 02 map , but keeping all of your expressions intact !
Step 40
Now add an Effect / Stylize / Glow to Moon 02 to create a sulphur - rich atmosphere .
Set Glow Based
On to Alpha Channel ; the Glow Threshold to 0 , Glow Radius to 35 , Glow Intensity to 0.4 , Composite Original to ' On Top ' , and choose and sulphur - yellow for Color A .
Step 41
So now , any properties for lighting that you change in the Gas Giant CC Sphere options will change on the moons too .
So go into the Effect Controls for the Gas Giant and in the ' Shading 'options , drop the ' Ambient ' and the ' Specular ' to 0 , to really darken the ' dark side ' of the planet and moons .
Then increase the ' Light Intensity ' in the ' Light ' options to 120 .
Step 42
Now we need to create a shadow on the rings that is linked to the light direction , giving the impression of the Planet casting a shadow .
Pre-Compose the Ring layers by going into the Ring composition holding down CTRL and clicking on both layers .
With both selected choose Layer / Pre-Compose , call the new composition ' Ring Layers ' , tick ' Move all attributes into the new composition ' and click OK .
Step 43
Duplicate the new Rings layer .
On the top layer choose Effect / Color Correction / Tint and ' Map White to ' black , turning the ring black .
Step 44
Now draw a rectangular mask so that just the top of the rings is black .
Feather the mask by 70 pixels .
Step 45
Alt - Click the rotation of this layer and pick whip it to the Light Height of the Gas Giant CC Sphere effect .
Add a ' - 90 ' to the end of the expression that is created .
Now we have a shadow cast onto the rings that is related to the light height .
Just as a note - this is n't perfect as both Light Height and Light direction alter the way the light hits the sphere , as does the rotation of the sphere itself .
But it gives pretty good results as long as you do n't go rotation crazy !
Step 46
Phew .
Okay - let 's compose this into a scene .
In the ' Scene Composed ' composition , create a 50 mm camera ( Layer / New / Camera )
Step 47
Create a new Null ( Layer / New / Null Object ) .
Make the null 3d .
Parent the camera to the null to give easier control of it , and rename the Null ' Camera Controller ' .
Step 48
Now we need to get some Z - space between all of our elements .
Parent the Dust layer to the Stars , make both 3d , and set the Z position on the Stars layer to 5000 .
Then scale it up to where it 's just bigger than the composition window , about 350 % .
Step 49
To keep the quality of the stars and the clouds which has been reduced due to the increase in scale , tick the ' Collapse Transformations ' box for both the ' Dust ' and ' Stars ' layers .
Step 50
In the Gas Giant CC Sphere controls , increase the radius to 540 ( this is as big as the radius can get without the planet getting too big for the composition ) , set the Rotation X as - 8 , Rotation Z as - 15 , Light height as - 50 and Light Direction as 77 ( or just whatever you like - this is just how I have set it up for the final render ) .
Place the layer to the left side of the composition about 250 , 550 , 0 .
Step 51
Position Moon 1 closer to the camera by changing its Z Position to - 2000 .
Take its scale done to 20 % .
Set position keyframes so that it comes in from the right , and drifts across the scene , going off the left .
Give it about 10 secs of movement .
Step 52
Position Moon 02 at - 1000 in Z - space and reduce down to 5 % .
Place it above the rings , somewhere in front of the Gas Giant .
Step 53
Lastly , create a new Black Solid and call it ' Sun ' .
Make it 3d .
Then add Effect / Generate / Lens Flare , and select a 105 mm Prime Lens Type .
Reduce the brightness to 10 % and position the light in the top right of the frame to match the light direction on the Planet and Moons .
Now set the blending mode to screen .
Step 54
Set this layer 's Z position to 4000 , scale it up to 250 % and click the ' Collapse Transformations ' box .
Drop the layer down in the stack to above the Dust layer .
Step 55
Set a position keyframe on the Camera Controller layer at 10 secs in .
Go back to the start and set another keyframe , this time altering the Y position to move the camera up so that the Gas Giant sits towards the bottom of the frame .
Go back to the second keyframe , make it an easy ease in keyframe ( Right Click / Keyframe Assistant / Easy Ease In ) .
You may have to tweak the position or timing of Moon 01 now , just to get it to come into shot at the right time .
Step 56
To brighten things up a little , add an Adjustment Layer with a Glow effect .
Set the Glow Threshold to 0 % , the Glow Radius to 50 , and the Glow Intensity to 0.1 .
Then change the Adjustment Layer 's blending mode to Screen and reduce the opacity to 50 % .
Step 57
And there you have it .
You can alter the position of the Planet and moons as you like , and by adjusting the light height on the planet , you 'll automatically adjust it on the moons too .
Now you can render it out and add some suitable spacey sound effects .
I 've just used some guitar feedback slowed down to create that classic ' Alien ' drone sound .
Additional Resources
Greetings logical Fold !
Has there already been a movie that blended the zombie and demonic possession genres together ?
If not , maybe I should start writing my script now …
It could be the best blended - genre horror movie ever .
- bman
Starcraft 2 is out and it ’s pretty much eating all my free time at the moment .
I ’m still in the process of tweaking my graphics settings for optimum performance , and the easiest way to benchmark Starcraft 2 performance on machines is to check the FPS ( frames per second ) .
Here ’s how to do that on both a Mac and Windows SC2 install :
Check Starcraft 2 FPS on Mac
To check the frame rate on a Mac , while you are in a game hit : Control + Option +F
Show Starcraft 2 FPS on Windows
Checking FPS in Windows is basically the same key command , in SC2 hit : Control + Alt+F
On either operating system , once you hit the command to display frame rate , the FPS counter will show in the upper left corner and look like so :
If you ’re wondering how well SC2 will run on your machine , check out the Starcraft 2 system requirements for Mac .
Later I will post some preliminary findings on how well the game runs on a few different Mac setups .
If you ’re a fan of Blizzard and real time strategy games and you have n’t gotten this one yet , you can order Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty on Amazon.com and get free shipping .
I love RTS games , and I can say it ’s definitely worth it .
河北快3基本走势真准_拒绝公布！中国联通5G用户数依然是个谜09:16
2020-08-03
新华社西 安11月9日电（记者蔺娟）记者从陕西省卫生健康委获悉，由陕西、山西、内蒙古、辽宁等14个省区组成的省际联盟日前完成进口抗癌药品联合议价工作。57个产品申报参与议价，47个产品议价成功，与14省区现行挂网价格和2017年采购量相比，平均降幅11.3%，预计每年节约资金0.91亿元。
新浪港股讯 小米发布2018年财报，小米集团董事长雷军在财报后的分析师会议上表示，小米有品电商平台去年GMV达到50亿人民币，非小米手机的用户达到50%。小米未来的增长在于管理能力的提升。小米必须要聚焦技术创新，所以前阶段成立了技术委员会，来完善近万名研发人员的管理；为了强化总部的管理职能，所以成立的组织部；小米最近也梳理了业务线和干部队伍，
提拔了大量的年轻干部，将小米的丰富业务线，重组成16个部分。
澎湃新闻（www.thepaper.cn）获得的上述文件显示，文件从铁路、航空、水运等多个方面，详细阐述和描绘了当前至2035年，江苏长江经济带交通走廊规划和愿景，主要涵盖南京、镇江、常州、无锡、苏州、南通、泰州和扬州这沿江八市。新浪外汇讯，黄金周三（11月28日）亚市早盘开于1214.64美元/盎司后震荡盘整，金价徘徊不前。欧市金价延续盘整走势，多空博弈空方领先。美市金价波幅加大，录得日内低点1210.65美元/盎司后反弹，受美联储主席鲍威尔讲话的影响，美元指数短线跳水近90点，失守97关口，最低触及96.70；黄金短线急涨10美元，一柱擎天，重返1220关口上方，刷新两个交易日高位，录得日内高点1226.40美元/盎司后回落，多空再度交锋，终收于1220.90美元/盎司。
河北快3基本走势真准评测：
栗战书指出，人大代表是个光荣的称号，更是一份沉甸甸的责任。代表要把密切联系人民群众作为充分发挥作用、依法履职尽责的基本功，通过各种途径和形式深入开展调查研究，广泛听取群众意见建议，真正了解人民群众在想什么、忧什么、盼什么，号准人民群众的脉搏，汲取人民群众的智慧，当好党和国家密切联系人民群众的桥梁和纽带。
新浪外汇讯，本交易日目前来看，金价暂时维持窄幅整理交投。本周五16：30英国将公布第一季度GDP年率初值，市场预计英国第一季度GDP季率和年率增速将分别提高至0.5%和1.8%。英国央行估计，第一季度年化经济增长率约为2%，是去年第四季度增速的两倍多。晚间20：30美国将公布4月季调后CPI月率。美联储主席鲍威尔上周称，拖累通胀的因素可能是“ 暂时的”
，且看不出利率向任何一个方向调整的有力理据，CPI数据或将显示更多有关通胀的迹象。方云说，吴真生其实并没有帮过他什么，但大家都佩服于、感动于吴真生平时的为人。吴真生就是靠自己平时的一言一行潜移默化地影响、带动、教育着周边的每一个人。而这也是这回所有加盟商都不远千里集体来向吴真生告别、为吴真生送行的原因。
新华社南京5月18日电（记者朱筱）建设智能工厂和车间，推进“ 机器换人”
步伐，提升信息化管理水平……近日，记者在江苏省台办组织的“ 惠眼看江苏”两岸媒体联合采访活动中发现，随着多项惠台政策的落实落细，在苏台企转型升级成效明显，苏台产业合作不断向产业链高端攀升。
新浪财经 讯 1月8日，2019新浪财经新媒体趋势大会暨财经头条年度颁奖典礼在北京昆泰嘉瑞文化中心举办，新浪网高级副总裁邓庆旭出席大会并发表致辞。他表示，三年来财经自媒体走过的路很不容易，但现在也是财经媒体百花齐放的时候，未来财经头条要继续保持专业，追求品质，为自媒体作者提供服务。
根据Wind数据，今年三季度末基金重仓持有的20只个股中，仅有两只个股被增持，分别为中国平安和兴业银行。其中，中国平安增持获的增持股数最多，总计增持股数达1.05亿股，是第二名兴业银行增持股数的近三倍。根据2月26日，聊城市卫生健康委员会综合调查情况认定，医生陈宗祥在对患者王合禹临床治疗过程中，个人私自向患者家属建议使用了未经国家批准生产、进口的“卡博替尼”
药品，违反了《抗业医师法》的相关规定。聊城市传染病医院（市肿瘤医院）相关人员负有监管责任，存在监管不到位的问题。“卡博替尼”药品按照原市食品药品监督管理局出具的《关于Cabozantinib
Tablets 60 mg 的认定意见书》，应按假药论处。按照工作方案，上交所严把标准，规范程序，经过遴选委员会审议，形成了上市委、咨询委委员候选人名单并予以公示，接受社会监督。本次公示的上市委委员候选人共计48人，将按标准和程序，差额选定30名至40名委员；公示的咨询委委员候选人共计48人，将按标准和程序，予以等额选定。上市委、咨询委最终人选确定后，将正式向社会公布。
按照媒体报道及公开资料，阿胶的原材料驴皮的价格从2006年每张驴皮约85元
，到如今飙升到每张约2000元，涨幅超过20倍；而2001年东阿阿胶的阿胶块零售价为每公斤80元，当前东阿阿胶天猫旗舰店500克标准装的阿胶块零售价为2698元，即每公斤5396元，粗略计算涨幅更是超过60倍。
河北快3基本走势真准总结：
根据年报，2018年，首旅如家实现营业收入85.388亿元，比上年同期增加约1.222万元，增长了1.45%。
首旅如家称，营业收入的增长包括以下两方面：即酒店业务营业收入的增长和景区运营业务实现营业收入的增长。
根据WeWork的公开资料显示，2014年租金收入占到了其总体收入的
93.33%，融资报告中预计在2018年整体租金收入会占到整体的87.27%。服务型收入从6.67 % 增加到12.73%。去年，WeWork 净亏损 9.34 亿美元。债券文件显示，该公司使用了大量折扣补贴来吸引新会员，这使得它从每个会员身上得到的收入下降了6.2%，至
6928 美元。这意味着，先行者的盈利模式也还在摸索当中。
[ 责任编辑：河北快3基本走势真准 ]
本文来自网络，不代表本站立场，转载请注明出处：http://www.unmsia.com/muslims-admire-hitler-more-than-he-did-them/
GLOUCESTER , Mass .-- Pete Libra is frustrated .
The 40 - year - old cod fisherman sees lots of fish in the ocean , and he wants to catch more .
Fishing authorities see fewer , and want him to catch less .
" I 'm not a scientist .
But I see the fish , " said Libra .
His is the voice of many of the fishermen in Gloucester , the heart of a once - great fishing industry that powered fledgling America and underwrote New England 's economy .
Many fishermen here feel threatened by a sweeping new set of fishing limits imposed this spring by authorities trying to rebuild fish stocks they say are depleted by overfishing and facing pressures that include climate change .
Federal fishing regulators have traditionally reacted to falling stocks by putting additional curbs on fishing .
But that approach may not work in the face of larger environmental changes such as global warming .
The chief fishing grounds for Massachusetts watermen are Gulf of Maine and the Georges Bank , the most westward of the famous Atlantic fishing banks off the North American coast .
They are among the most famous and historically productive fishing grounds in the world ; their collapse in the mid-1990s was equally historic , and the debate over how to manage the depleted stocks while nursing them back to health has been hotly contested ever since .
But the arguments are changing as scientists see more evidence of the coming impact of climate change on the Atlantic fisheries .
Both the Gulf of Maine and the Georges Bank sit at the southern edge of the cod 's preferred range .
Fishermen have adapted to stock changes over the years , but their options may be dwindling .
" The question of the influence of fishing and the influence of the environment is tangled up , " said Brian Rothschild , a professor of marine science at the University of Massachusetts , Dartmouth , who has studied aquatic stocks for more than five decades .
" There is no question that as some of the environment changes occur , some of the fish stocks are going to change , " he said .
" We do n't know enough about it to know what 's going to increase and what 's going to decrease . "
That gives a gloomy uncertainty to the future for New England commercial fishermen .
There were an estimated 2,000 working fishermen in Gloucester in the 1940s ; 50 years later the number had dropped to 400 , according to a 1997 study .
Fishermen glumly expect their numbers to continue to shrink .
The warming waters may hasten that .
A 2007 study by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration looked at codfish catch records over four decades .
It concluded what fishermen who know this cold - loving fish would have predicted :
As the bottom water temperature increased , the probability of catching a cod decreased .
Last year , a federal effort to coordinate research , the U.S. Global Change Research Program , found ocean warming already was forcing a migration of some species .
" The northward shifts we have seen in the area are due in part to climate change .
We are starting to see some of the effects of global climate change in our area , " said Janet Nye , a NOAA researcher working out of Woods Hole , Mass .
She studied historical fish records and found that of 36 northwest Atlantic species , almost half had moved northward in 40 years as water temperatures warmed .
She predicted the traditional stocks of cold - water fish are likely to be replaced by croaker and red hake , fish normally found farther south .
Many fishermen switched to lobster as winter flounder , a cold - water fish once abundant in fishing boat holds , declined .
But lobster stocks are stressed in some areas now .
Biologists on a multi-state Fisheries Commission committee have found that warmer waters , disease and fishing have depleted lobster stocks , and they recently recommended a five - year ban on lobstering from Cape Cod to Virginia .
" It 's regulation after regulation after regulation , " complained Michael Dearborn , 66 , a commercial fisherman since 1969 .
" They treat the industry like a centipede , cutting off one leg at a time , snip , snip , snip , until it starves . "
" Some of the fish stocks are showing improvement , " acknowledged Maggie Mooney - Seus , a spokeswoman for NOAA , the agency responsible for enforcing the limits .
" But there is too much fishing pressure on a lot of them .
Right now , fishermen are going to have to have cuts . "
Quotas on the fishermen remain the chief mechanism to react to dwindling stocks .
Those quotas remain largely a function of numbers of fish caught versus a sampled estimate of the numbers of fish in any one stock ; there is little room for forward calculations about how climate change will skew the future .
" I do n't think the fisheries managers are equipped to quantify the effects of global warming at this point , " said Peter Baker , manager of the New England Fisheries Campaign for the non-profit Pew Environment Group .
" They have no tools .
" One of the grim realities of global warming is that it is bringing change to fisheries .
There are going to be regime changes in the oceans and management is going to have to adapt to that , " he said .
Greg Walinski believes he has seen first - hand the workings of warmer waters on fish stock .
The 53 - year - old Cape Cod fisherman used to hunt for large bluefin tuna .
" In the '80s and '90s we would get 60 to 80 giant bluefin in a season , " he said .
" But we started to see less and less .
It got to a point where it was n't even worth going out .
Most of the big fish are up in Canada , " he said .
" We get the little bluefin that used to be further south . "
He switched to cod , but in what seems to be a repeat of the pattern , Walinski said he finds himself chasing the fish further and further out .
He now travels 120 miles in a 35 - foot boat - an arduous and somewhat dangerous commute - to reach Georges Bank for codfish .
" I do n't think we understand the impacts of climate change very well at all , " said Paul Parker , who works with the Cape Cod Commercial Hook Fishermen 's Association .
" We are struggling to understand it all .
It 's difficult to discern what causes what . "
For example , the fishermen say there is a bumper crop of dogfish shark , which strip their hooks and gobble up groundfish .
It is tough , they say , to sort out whether fish populations are hit harder by human fishing , the sharks ' appetite , climate change or some other environmental shift .
Whatever the cause , there is a need for closer husbandry of the fish stocks , Parker said .
The old system put daily limits on catches , and fishermen " were throwing overboard thousands of pounds of dead and wasted fish every day " when more fish came up in their nets than allowed , he said .
The new regulations attempt to give fishermen a share of the overall stock quotas , to limit the harvest in sync with the stock 's rise or fall .
But Gloucester fishermen are unconvinced of the need for change and unhappy with the new regulations .
" This is the end .
It 's a slow , agonizing death , " said a 55 - year - old crewman on a huge drag - net fishing boat docked in Gloucester .
" The fish are steady now , " added Joey Ciaramitaro , 42 , who supplies bait and buys the catch from boats in Gloucester .
With the new regulations , " they 've gone too far . "
NOAA 's Mooney - Seus said of the 20 species of groundfish covered by regulations for the northeast seaboard , 13 still are listed as underpopulated and overfished .
Haddock and redfish have rebounded , and there has been a spike in numbers of cod in the Gulf of Maine , according to NOAA studies .
But the regulators say they have seen little evidence of a similar rebound in cod on the George 's Bank , and some other cold - water species , like winter flounder and pollock , remain low .
Libra , back in Gloucester , has been on the water since he finished high school , when he and a buddy fixed up a decrepit old cabin cruiser they got for $ 1 .
" This is what I always wanted to do , " he said , pausing while working on the engine of his current boat , his fourth .
He is not sure there is a future in fishing for another generation .
He faces a slew of regulations , uncertainty over fish stocks and the prospects of climate change .
But he vows to keep going as long as he can .
" I do n't know anything else to do . "
Doug Struck covered climate change issues for The Washington Post .
He is now a freelance writer and associate chair of journalism at Emerson College in Boston .
DailyClimate.org is a nonprofit news service that covers climate change
This article originally appeared at The Daily Climate , the climate change news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
FOR EXTERNAL USE ONLY
DO NOT CHEW OR CRUSH , SWALLOW WHOLE .
More than 1,000 Italian journalists gathered in Rome yesterday to protest against a law that curbs police wiretaps and imposes fines on news organisations that publish transcripts .
The prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi , says the new rules are needed to protect privacy .
The Italian National Press Federation has called a strike for 9 July in protest .
Opposition parties accuse Berlusconi of trying to cover up corruption with a tailor - made law to shield him from prosecution while in office .
The US justice department has expressed concern over the law 's effect on investigations of organised crime .
Topics
Activist Post
July 25 , 2010
It has been reported that 46 states are on the verge of bankruptcy .
Since states are Constitutionally mandated to balance their budgets , and do not possess the ability to print money , they ’re finding themselves in a critically weakened position to challenge the Federal Government .
The Federal government is overstepping their authority and infringing on the sovereignty of states .
In our republic , states have sovereignty to create and enforce their own laws as long as they do n’t violate the U.S. Constitution .
The Tenth Amendment gives states the freedom from Federal laws and regulations if they deem them to be unconstitutional .
The Tenth Amendment : which makes explicit the idea that the Federal government is limited only to the powers granted in the Constitution , is generally recognized to be a truism .
States and local governments have occasionally attempted to assert exemption from various federal regulations , especially in the areas of labor and environmental controls , using the Tenth Amendment as a basis for their claim .
An oft - repeated quote , from United States v. Darby , 312 U.S. 100 , 124 ( 1941 ) , reads as follows :
The amendment states but a truism that all is retained which has not been surrendered .
There is nothing in the history of its adoption to suggest that it was more than declaratory of the relationship between the national and state governments as it had been established by the Constitution before the amendment or that its purpose was other than to allay fears that the new national government might seek to exercise powers not granted , and that the states might not be able to exercise fully their reserved powers … ( Source )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Recently , it seems the Federal government is overstepping their authority and infringing on the sovereignty of states .
Furthermore , given that many broke states will most certainly require a Federal bailout to maintain their basic social structures , we can assume that the Feds will use that to impose even stronger controls .
The Federal government has clearly violated California state law regarding medical marijuana by raiding state - approved legal dispensaries and grow - ops .
And now , Obama and company are suing Arizona to overturn their new anti-illegal immigration law , which is essentially a reiteration of the Federal law , just with plans to actually prosecute it .
Additionally , we have seen the steady erosion of the Posse Comitatus Act , which prohibits the use of the military for local law enforcement .
Stories of active military and the National Guard helping local law enforcement on operations as routine as random traffic checkpoints and local crimes such as illegal gun and drug searches are becoming everyday news — again a clear violation of the Tenth Amendment .
It is clear that the goal of Federal government is to centralize and consolidate control as much as possible .
Liberty advocates have a growing concern that states teetering on the verge of bankruptcy will require Federal bailouts that will come with sovereignty - smashing strings attached .
Based on the clear violations already exhibited by the Federal government , we can only assume that more centralized oppression is on the way .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power .
Brewster Kahle , 49 , a digital librarian who founded a virtual library called the Internet Archive in 2004 , looks at a screen showing scanned books in San Francisco .
( CNN ) -- President Obama and his family left Washington Friday for a weekend getaway to Maine , but along with a little rest and relaxation comes criticism that the president is taking it easy with the Gulf of Mexico oil crisis in a critical phase .
The Obamas plan to spend the weekend on Mount Desert Island , home of Acadia National Park .
The trip marks the president 's third vacation since the oil disaster began in April . [...]
Our liberal media strikes again !
Hey , I know , you know , and Obama knows that criticism over trial crap like this it comes with the territory but do you remember a big uproar about Bush in the media having spent the entire month of August on vacation after 9/11 happened ?
I sure do n't .
And I sure do n't recall a website by the Democratic National Committee devoted to attacking Bush for his many vacations -- ever , much less one pointing out the time the time he took off to cut brush while his ignoring his national security experts were warning that Al Qaeda was poised to attack the United States .
It was only a story that got much play in the liberal blogosphere and then not until 2004 .
Yet that is precisely what the Republican National Committee has done .
They created a website devoted to criticizing Obama for his leisure activities .
The Republican National Committee launched a website blasting what it considers Obama 's " leisure activities or missteps " during the oil disaster , like playing golf , attending concerts and vacationing in Asheville , North Carolina ; Chicago , Illinois ; and now Maine .
I 'm not providing a link for that site by the way .
Search it out if you like fallacious and nonsensical information about our " lazy Democrat " President from the party who gave us this man to lead the nation :
And for good measure here 's another video to remind you that Bush praised his appointed head of FEMA , a man not qualified to umpire a T - Ball game for five year olds , after his administration 's utter failure to help the people of the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina :
Amazing is n't it ?
You have to give it up to Karl Rove .
He convinced the Beltway media ( with the help of Fox News of course ) that Bush was a hard working guy , always in touch with the people of America , and always in control of the " War on Terror " even as he took more time off from his job as Commander - in - Chief than any other President ever -- by a wide margin .
Meanwhile , the oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico , a crisis that was caused in large part by the deregulation of the oil industry and the corruption of the Mineral Management Service that the Republicans ushered in under Bush and Cheney , is being used to attack the most effective President we 've had since LBJ in terms of getting his agenda passed by Congress .
It 's enough to make your blood boil at the hypocrisy and deceit the Republicans and their lap dogs in the media are perpetrating , is n't it ?
Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons said the Republican criticism is " galling , " considering Bush 's frequent trips to Camp David and his home in Crawford , Texas .
" Barack Obama is working as hard as any president that we 've had in recent history and certainly harder than the most immediate previous president , " he said .
Jamal Simmons is right .
Not that anything is going to change .
The majority of the press will still go after Obama 1000 times harder than they ever went after Bush because of what too many of them have allowed themselves become : mouthpieces for Republicans , conservatives and corporate lobbyists always willing to publicize the talking points which criticize Democrats in order to prove that they do not have a " liberal bias . "
Well I can assure then that after watching their performance during the Bush years , and the first 18 months of the Obama administration that is the one concern our media elites no longer need to worry about .
28 July 2010
Bedrock of Greenland Ice Sheet reached
Climate research Bedrock has been reached Tuesday July 27 2010 at the deep ice core drilling site NEEM on the Greenland Ice Sheet at the depth 2537.36 m .
The Eemian is the last interglacial period , when climate was warmer than today , and sea level 5 meters higher , and is our best analogue for future climate .
Scientists from 14 nations participated in NEEM , the most international ice core effort to date .
After five years of work , ice from the warm interglacial Eemian period , 130.000 to 115.000 years before present and even older ice has been recovered .
The last 2 m of ice above the bedrock contains rocks and other material that has not seen sunlight for hundreds of thousands of years .
Professor Dorthe Dahl - Jensen holding the last ice core .
Photo : NEEM project .
- " We expect the ice to be rich in DNA and pollen that can tell us about the plants that existed in Greenland before the site became covered with ice , perhaps as long as 3 million years ago " , says Professor Dorthe Dahl - Jensen from the University of Copenhagen who leads the extensive research project .
Climate changes mapped out
More than 300 ice core researchers including many young scientists have been in the NEEM camp during the last years .
The abrupt climate changes are studied in detail by a suite of different measurements , including the stable water isotopes telling about temperature changes and moisture sources back in time , greenhouse gasses trapped in the ice and biological content that improves our understanding of the natural variability , feedbacks of the carbon and the biogenic cycle and very detailed chemical measurements resolving the annual variations of the climate .
Researchers celebrates in one of the ice trenches .
Photo : NEEM project .
Measurements made on site , meters below the snow surface in the science trench , go beyond what has ever been done at deep ice core camps before .
State - of - the - art laser instruments for water isotopes and greenhouse gasses , online impurity measurements and advanced studies of ice crystals are among the impressive instruments at NEEM , one of the most inaccessible parts of the Greenland ice sheet .
Nature 's own example
The main goal of the NEEM project is to learn more about the warm Eemian climate period because it in many aspects can be seen as an analogue to the warming we will experience in the future .
How reduced was the Greenland ice sheet 120.000 years ago when the global temperature was 2 - 3 deg C warmer than the present ?
And how much and how fast did the Greenland Ice Sheet contribute to sea level at that time ?
- " We expect that our findings will increase our knowledge on the future climate system and increase our ability to predict the speed and final height of sea level rise " , says Dorthe Dahl - Jensen .
The progress in the drilling at NEEM can be followed in the online diary on www.neem.ku.dk where pictures from the camp also can be found .
We know it 's coming on June 23 , but Verizon Wireless today pre-announced the new Motorola Droid X by slapping it up on the carrier 's Web site .
We know it 's coming on June 23 , but Verizon Wireless today pre-announced the new Motorola Droid X by slapping it up on the carrier 's Web site .
According to Verizon 's site , the Droid X has a 4.3 - inch screen , HDMI output and a " 720 p display , " which probably refers to the HDMI out .
No smartphone , not even the iPhone 4 with its " retina display , " has a screen that is 720 pixels deep .
The original announcement for Verizon 's launch event next week said that Adobe 's CEO will speak at the product launch , strongly implying that the new phone will run Adobe Flash 10.1 .
It 's unclear from the image on Verizon 's Web site whether the Droid X is a sliding or slab - style phone , and whether or not a QWERTY keyboard is hiding behind its clearly raised screen .
Earlier this week , Engadget presented what they claimed to be a preview of the Droid X , although the site would not explain where they got the device from , and neither Verizon nor Motorola would comment on the record about it .
According to Engadget , the device has an 854 - by - 480 screen , an 8 - megapixel camera and no physical keyboard .
Back in January at the CES trade show , Motorola chief executive Sanjay Jha promised a new Droid with an improved QWERTY keyboard over the original Motorola Droid 's flat keyboard .
If the Droid X is n't that unit , perhaps two devices may be released on June 23rd .
Attorney speculates data could include Facebook friend requests
The White House has asked Congress to make it possible for the FBI to demand that Internet service providers turn over customers ’ records in cases involving terrorism or other intelligence issues without first obtaining a court order .
The Electronic Communications Privacy
Act currently states that companies are required to provide basic subscriber data to the FBI , but lists only the four kinds of information that might be found on phone bills — customer ’s name , address , length of service , and toll billing records .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2008 , the Justice Department ruled that those four categories were “ exhaustive , ” making some companies reluctant to provide any additional information .
The proposed amendment would add the phrase “ electronic communication transactional records ” to the list in order to include the recipients of emails and when they were sent and received — though not their content .
It might also cover web browsing history .
The administration is describing the proposal as intended to prevent “ confusion ” on the part of service providers , but the Washington Post notes that “ what officials portray as a technical clarification designed to remedy a legal ambiguity strikes industry lawyers and privacy advocates as an expansion of the power the government wields through so - called national security letters . ”
According to the Post , critics of the change say it would “ greatly expand the amount and type of personal data the government can obtain without a court order ” and represents “ another example of an administration retreating from campaign pledges to enhance civil liberties in relation to national security . ”
“ You ’re bringing a big category of data — records reflecting who someone is communicating with in the digital world , Web browsing history and potentially location information — outside of judicial review , ” former Clinton administration Justice Department lawyer Michael Sussman told the Post .
The administration proposal also appears to fly in the face of recent attempts by tech companies like Microsoft to obtain changes to the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act that would provide greater security and privacy for so - called “ cloud computing , ” in which data is stored online .
ADVERTISEMENT
A Google lobbyist told Congress last week , “ ECPA is difficult to explain to our users , and it ’s difficult for us to apply .
The confusion and the costs associated with it really for us is undermining the growth of our services and the growth of the cloud . ”
An expert with the Brookings Institution has suggested that “ Congress should update the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act to change the process by which law enforcement agents obtain electronic information .
Instead of using a prosecutorÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s subpoena , legislation should require a ‘ probable cause ’ search warrant that is approved by a judge .
This would provide greater safeguards in terms of online content , pictures , geolocation data , and e-mails . ”
Making FBI requests for such data easier rather than more difficult would weaken those safeguards — and the Post notes that national security letters have been abused in the past .
There are also questions as to how broadly the new language might be applied .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kevin Bankston of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , for example , told the Post that because the phrase “ electronic communication transactional records ” is not defined in the statute , “ an expanded NSL power might be used to obtain Internet search queries and Web histories detailing every Web site visited and every file downloaded . ”
Internet attorney Marc Zwillinger even speculated that it might give the government access to social networking activity .
“ A Facebook friend request — is that like a phone call or an e-mail ? ” he asked .
“ Is that something they would sweep in under an NSL ?
They certainly are n’t getting that now . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
And Greg Nojeim of the Center for Democracy and Technology , emphasized that the email information is “ much more sensitive than the other information , like name , address and telephone number , that the FBI gets with national security letters .
It shows associational information protected by the First Amendment and is much less public than things like where you live . ”
On the shores of southern Alabama , there was a disaster , and a miracle :
The worst oil since the Deepwater Horizon blowout washed ashore late Saturday , even as a sea turtle swam through the mess and laid a new nest on shore .
It got worse :
Though motorized vehicles are not supposed to be used in cleanup in the area used by the turtles , the beach was soon swarming with all - terrain vehicles and heavy equipment .
One of the vehicles ran over the nest , said Mike Reynolds of Share the Beach , whose volunteers patrol the 47 miles of sandy beach west of the Florida border to find and protect new turtle nests .
Then came the good news : Volunteers were able to find the nest , safely dig up the 127 new ping - pong - ball - sized eggs and rebury them in a safe location .
The nest , which is the first to be laid in the area since the oil spill began , will be fenced off to protect the eggs until they hatch in about two months .
Alabama beaches were hit with waves of oil mousse mixed with sargasso seaweed up to five inches thick .
" We had a mass of oil coming in , and it was everywhere , " Reynolds said .
After intense cleanup efforts , only pancake - sized tar balls remain on the white sandy beaches around Gulf Shores and Orange Beach -- Alabama 's premier coastal tourist areas -- but ribbons of oil remained in the water just offshore , witnesses said .
" Yesterday , the oil was terrible .
Now , it 's just light stuff everywhere , " Reynolds said .
Five of the world 's seven species of sea turtles make their home in the Gulf of Mexico , all of them threatened or endangered as their numbers have been decimated by fishing , coastal development and pollution .
Their plight is detailed in a story here .
As of Saturday , 374 sea turtles affected by the oil spill have been collected by wildlife authorities , 315 of them dead .
A total of 42 turtles were visibly oiled .
Fears that containment area imposed in parts of Kent comes too late as wild oysters believed to be infected by outbreak
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Fisheries inspectors have banned the movement of oysters from parts of Kent after an outbreak of herpes devastated stocks at a shellfish farm in Whitstable .
More than 8 million oysters are estimated to have been wiped out by the virus at Seasalter Shellfish in the town , a spokesman for the fish health inspectorate said .
A containment area covering the Swale , the Thames and the north Kent coast has been established to prevent the virus spreading , but inspectors fear wild oysters are already infected , making it nearly impossible to eradicate the disease completely .
The fish health inspectorate was called in to investigate the shell fish farm after staff reported an unusual death rate among its Pacific oyster stocks .
The shellfish tested positive for the OsHV - 1 virus , a particularly lethal strain of herpes never before been seen in British waters .
Previous outbreaks have destroyed stocks in France , Jersey and Ireland .
The virus only affects Pacific ( rock ) oysters and poses no risk to native oyster species .
Infected oysters have a pungent odour but are harmless to humans .
Inspectors are testing oysters from several farms within the containment area and from others around the country that buy stocks from a hatchery nearby .
" It could be devastating for oyster production in other areas , for instance the south coast , so it 's really important that we contain the disease , " a spokeswoman for the Centre for Environment , Fisheries and Aquaculture Science said .
Around 1,100 tonnes of Pacific oysters are bred in the UK every year .
透明標本 ( 透明二重染色標本 ) マゼンタとシアンに輝く全く新しい形のインテリア標本
梅雨もはじまり、私生活でなにかとストレスの多いアルバトロデザイン代表 猪飼です。 休みを取ってアウトドアへトレッキングに出かけるか、それが無理ならパソコンを持って移動合宿(山積みの仕事は現場で)を企んでいます。
能率アップの為なら、いいんじゃないかなと…やはり夏は避暑地で仕事をしたいものです。
最近マイブームなクラシック音楽でも聴きながら、今年の夏は優雅な仕事場にしたいのです。
さて、本日はそんな夏にはいよいよ大ブレイクするのではないかと密かに思っている見た目がとても涼しげな透明標本についてです。
ストラップからカレンダー、本、キーホルダーと様々なグッズが東急ハンズ等でも販売されているのでみたことがある方も多いかもしれません。
本日はそんな涼しげな見た目の透明標本についてです。
1.透明標本とは
透明標本とは元々古くからある標本の作成方法で、小型生物の細かく繊細な骨格や軟骨を解剖する事無く観察することができるようにタンパク質を透明化した標本でした。
メリットとして、ただのホルマリン漬けでは見る事のできない内部の細かい骨格が破壊されること無く観察でき、さらに臓器の位置や体内構造までも観察することが可能です。
タンパク質が透明化されているだけで無くなっているわけではないので、小さな固体でもそのほぼ全機能が観察できるのが特徴です。
医学や生物学の中ではとても重宝されてきたこの透明標本の技術が、現在になってその美しさによって再び注目されています。
魚類だけでなく、鳥類や哺乳類、軟体類など様々な生物を美しい標本に変える事ができる技術はインテリアや、アート作品として現在注目され、「美しい標本」として写真集も出版されています。
また、インテリア用に実際に透明標本化した固体も東急ハンズや、箱根彫刻の森等で現在販売されています。
標本となると生物を取り扱う為、倫理的な問題も発生しがちなところですが元々標本として教材用に販売されていた背景や、小型の生物(魚屋カエルなど)の為今のところ目だった問題も起こっていません。
透明標本 カエル - Transparent Speciment Frog -
2.透明標本の作り方
透明標本の加工には人的な時間と手間がかかります。
漂白と同じで、タンパク質を完全に透明にする為には固体にもよりますが数ヶ月から半年、ものによっては１年以上という期間が必要となります。
また、こうした透明標本の制作には何種類かの特殊な液体が必要となります。
まずはタンパク質、つまり筋肉を透明化し、軟骨を青く染色し、硬骨をマゼンタ色に染色する液体が必要となります。
こうした過程は全て人間による手作業でそれぞれの固体の液体を変えていかなくてはなりません。
こうした作業の結果、解剖したら体が崩れてしまうような小型の生物でも、筋肉、脈、骨格、軟骨の全てを光をすかして観察できるような標本を作ることが可能となるのです。
3.透明標本について考察
標本という学術的なものではなく、インテリアやアート作品として生物の体を扱うことは倫理的に問題視されがちです。
特に現在は動物愛護の声も強力で、昔のように剥製や毛皮すらも気軽には所有できない時代です。
イルカなど動物によっては、食用でも反対運動が起きていますね。
こうしたムーブメントは「風潮」であるので、それが認められればそうした概念が基本となるのかもしれません。
剥製を部屋に飾っているのが上流階級の常識だった時代もあれば、毛皮のコートも着ては表を歩けないのもまた時代で、いつかはこうした透明標本すらも排斥される時代が来るのかもしれませんね。
しかし、時を同じくしてダミアン・ハーストのように動物の死体をそのままアート作品に作り変える人や、人体の世界展のように人間の体をホルマリン漬けや輪切りにして展示する展示会も人気を博しています。
人間の倫理には答えは無いので、今後の世界の「風潮」の結論次第ですね。
そんなことを書いておいて、非常に不謹慎ではありますが人間の透明標本というのも世の中のどこかに存在しているのでしょうか…
Make : Tokyo Meeting 03
実際に販売されている標本たち
動く透明標 本
( English Exposition )
These colorful specimen samples are new technology which name is “ Transparent Specimen ” .
This technology let us see all inside body ; muscle , pulse , vein , blood circulatory organ etc .
It is really shown to be of benefit for seeing inside of small animals such as small fish .
Since we can see inside body without opening their body with surgical knife .
To make specimen with “ Transparent Specimen ” technology , it takes some monthes to half year to bleach animal ’s body .
Then give some special medicine to make protein clear .
Next , give some liquids to make cartilago blue , and bone is also changing color to magenta .
Though we can see all organs of small animals without break any part of body .
Nowadays this specimen is getting famous as interior objects as well .
Because of beautiful color and easy treatment .
In Japan we can buy this specimen around 500yen to 5000yen ( depends size )
( It ’s aprox $ 5 to $ 50 at Tokyu Hands in Japan )
Roy Hodgson admits he does not know if Javier Mascherano will be at Liverpool at the start of the season .
Reds boss struggling to get hold of in - demand midfielder
Roy Hodgson admits he does not know if Javier Mascherano will be a Liverpool player at the start of the season .
According to the player 's agent Inter Milan have expressed an interest in signing the Argentina international , who appears to have fallen off the radar .
Hodgson says he has tried contacting Mascherano regarding his future but is yet to hear from the in - demand midfielder .
" I have tried to contact Javier , " said the Liverpool boss .
" I have left him voice messages and sent him texts but had no reply .
" To be fair to him , that is not unusual because he's had a tough World Cup and I believe he 's gone back to Argentina .
" It 's not always easy to get in touch with people , " he added .
" I have tried to reach him to make clear I am happy to talk with him at his convenience . "
Three Sysadmin Rules You Ca n’t ( And Should n’t ) Break
When I drafted this article , I really came - up with 7 sysadmin habits .
But , out of those 7 habits , three really stood out for me .
While habits are good , sometimes rules might even be better , especially in the sysadmin world , when handling a production environment .
Rule # 1 : Backup Everything ( and validate the backup regularly )
Experienced sysadmin knows that production system will crash someday , no matter how proactive we are .
The best way to be prepared for that situation is to have a valid backup .
If you do n’t have a backup of your critical systems , you should start planning for it immediately .
While planning for a backup , keep the following factors in your mind :
What software ( or custom script ? ) you would use to take a backup ?
Do you have enough disk space to keep the backup ?
How often would you rotate the backups ?
Apart from full - backup , do you also need regular incremental - backup ?
How would you execute your backup ?
i.e Using crontab or some other schedulers ?
If you do n’t have a backup of your critical systems , stop reading this article and get back to work .
Start planning for your backup immediately .
A while back in one of the research conducted by some group ( do n’t remember who did that ) , I remember they mentioned that only 70 % of the production applications are getting backed - up .
Out of those , 30 % of the backups are invalid or corrupted .
Assume that Sam takes backup of the critical applications regularly , but does n’t validate his backup .
However , Jack does n’t even bother to take any backup of his critical applications .
It might sound like Sam who has a backup is in much better shape than Jack who does n’t even have a backup .
In my opinion , both Sam and Jack are in the same situation , as Sam never validated his backup to make sure it can be restored when there is a disater .
If you are a sysadmin and do n’t want to follow this golden rule # 1 ( or like to break this rule ) , you should seriously consider quitting sysadmin job and become a developer . 🙂
Rule # 2 : Master the Command Line ( and avoid the UI if possible )
There is not a single task on a Unix / Linux server , that you cannot perform from command line .
While there are some user interface available to make some of the sysadmin task easy , you really do n’t need them and should be using command line all the time .
So , if you are a Linux sysadmin , you should master the command line .
On any system , if you want to be very fluent and productive , you should master the command line .
The main difference between a Windows sysadmin and Linux sysadmin is — GUI Vs Command line .
Windows sysadmin are not very comfortable with command line .
Linux sysadmin should be very comfortable with command line .
Even when you have a UI to do certain task , you should still prefer command line , as you would understand how a particular service works , if you do it from the command line .
In lot of production server environment , sysadmin ’s typically uninstall all GUI related services and tools .
If you are Unix / Linux sysadmin and do n’t want to follow this rule , probably there is a deep desire inside you to become a Windows sysadmin . 🙂
Rule # 3 : Automate Everything ( and become lazy )
Lazy sysadmin is the best sysadmin .
There is not even a single sysadmin that I know of , who likes to break this rule .
That might have something to do with the lazy part .
Take few minutes to think and list out all the routine tasks that you might do daily , weekly or monthly .
Once you have that list , figure out how you can automate those .
The best sysadmin typically does n’t like to be busy .
He would rather be relaxed and let the system do the job for him .
Are there any other rules you think a sysadmin should n’t break ?
Leave a comment .
If you enjoyed this article , you might also like ..
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When some of the nation ’s top evangelical leaders threw their weight behind immigration reform , liberal advocates were pleased to receive help from an unexpected ally .
But immigration foes saw it as nothing less than treachery .
Last month , the National Association of Evangelicals and Richard Land , head of the Southern Baptist Convention ’s ( SBC ) Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission , launched an ad campaign to kick off a new lobbying campaign for immigration reform that includes a pathway to legalization for illegal immigrants .
The Center for Immigration Studies , a conservative anti-immigration group , blasted the effort .
“ The more left - leaning clergy ignored the Apostle Paul ’s warning and exchanged the truth of God for a lie , ” the group said .
“ In some ways , the lie these evangelicals have traded for is more treacherous because for many of them it appears to wrap a cursory understanding of immigration policy in moralistic , well - intentioned error . ”
And this growing clash between evangelical groups and anti-immigration activists threatens to split the conservative coalition .
Land is one of the country ’s most powerful evangelical leaders and the SBC has been a frequent ally of the Republican Party .
And in the wake of Arizona ’s tough immigration law , he ’s been joined by other high - profile religious conservatives , who have issued a call for “ Christian compassion ” for illegal immigrants .
They include Mat Staver , dean of the law school at Jerry Falwell ’s Liberty University — who has only recently come forward to support immigration reform — and prominent Latino evangelical Rev. Samuel Rodriguez , who ’s been dubbed the “ Hispanic Karl Rove . ”
All regularly cite passages recalling the Biblical exodus in Egypt .
“ We once were strangers and foreigners in a foreign land , ” said Rev. Marcos Witt , a Houston - based preacher who leads of the largest evangelical churches in the country .
“ Stop the raids and welcome people . ”
Land ’s group also backed comprehensive reform in 2006 — at a time when many conservative Christian groups sat out the debate or actively opposed the effort .
But following the passage of Arizona ’s law , Land has sharpened his rhetoric and stepped up the SBC ’s lobbying efforts , calling for an overhaul of the entire immigration system .
“ The federal government needs to step up to the plate .
If not , it ’s going to rend the fabric of our society , ” Land said in a conference call last month organized by Conservatives for Comprehensive Immigration Reform .
More strikingly , Land slammed anti-immigration foes on the right in harsh terms , suggesting they were misguided and even ignorant for opposing a pathway to legalization .
“ It does n’t help when you have parts of the conservative coalition that insists on mislabeling a pathway as ‘ amnesty , ’ ” he said .
“ They need a course in remedial English themselves . ”
In response , anti-immigration advocates have raised the stakes , accusing the churches of harboring illegal immigrants .
“ Some of the churches have become sanctuaries where illegal immigrants can take refuge — it ’s an aiding and abetting activity , ” says Bob Dane , a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform , a leading anti-immigration group .
“ We should n’t be confusing theology with policy . ”
The evangelical leaders ’ unequivocal push for immigration reform is all the more striking because on most other topics , religious conservatives have tended to walk in lockstep with the Republican party — particularly social issues such as gay marriage and abortion .
But when it comes to immigration , demographic changes give evangelical churches an incentive to embrace a more liberal policy .
While the majority of Latinos in the US are Catholic , a rapidly growing number are joining evangelical churches .
In 2007 , over a third of Latinos identified as evangelicals , up from about 15 percent a decade earlier .
“ Hispanics are hard - wired to be like us on sanctity of life , marriage and issues of faith , ” Land told CNN .
Not all Christian conservatives agree .
Groups such as Phyllis Schlafly ’s Eagle Forum have loudly opposed the SBC ’s efforts , and Focus on the Family has declined to take a position .
Still , it ’s striking that , according to a recent poll from the Public Religion Research Institute , 60 percent of white evangelicals backed an immigration overhaul plan with a path to citizenship , while just 31 percent wanted an enforcement - only overhaul — a breakdown similar to the general population .
Evangelical leaders say they ’re trying to make inroads with Sen. John Cornyn ( R - Tex . ) , the ranking GOP leader on immigration , as well as other Republicans .
But so far they ’ve found Democrats to be more receptive .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) , who ’s leading the Democratic reform effort , recently called Land and has been in active dialogue with his evangelical cohort .
The increasingly bitter skirmishes between evangelical leaders and anti-immigration activists could pose a major political headache for Republicans .
The GOP made significant electoral gains during the Bush years thanks to an alliance with conservative Christians .
If Republicans were to lose the enthusiastic support of that constituency , the party could take a heavy hit at the polls .
As the GOP has shifted increasingly rightward on immigration , evangelicals appear to be realizing that it ’s not worth sacrificing the long - term future of their churches for short - term political gains for Republicans .
Frank Sidebottom was instantly recognisable with his papier - mâché head
Chris Sievey , who has died at the age of 54 , was the man behind comedy cult icon Frank Sidebottom .
The papier - mâché headed Frank hit the heights of fame during the ' Madchester ' music period .
Instantly recognisable , his keyboard ditties and larger - than - life personality were a hit on the late 80s comedy circuit .
Reflecting his creator 's early days , Frank was a proud Timperley resident and aspiring pop star .
Unlike Chris however , Frank was portrayed as perennially living at home with his mum .
Offering a gentle , though somewhat odd , take on comedy that was at odds with the alternative comedians of the time , Frank went on to appear on several TV and radio programmes in the early 90s with his puppet sidekick , Little Frank .
He fronted his own programme , Frank Sidebottom 's Fantastic Shed Show , and made guest appearances on children 's Saturday morning show No. 73 on ITV .
I genuinely believe that he is one of the very few people I have ever met in my life who I would call a genius
Mark Radcliffe Elsewhere , he appeared alongside fellow Mancunian icon Anthony Wilson on his Channel 4 show , Remote Control , and regularly appeared on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 5 Live alongside his friends Mark Radcliffe and Marc Riley .
Frank 's popularity faded towards the end of the 20th century and Chris went to work with Altrincham - based Hot Animation , where he wrote an award - winning episode of the childrens ' show , Pingu .
But following a live appearance in 2005 , Chris was offered the chance to return Frank to television on local Manchester station , Channel M , fronting the Frank Sidebottom 's Proper Telly Show .
In 2007 , he staged an exhibition of his drawings and animations at the Chelsea Space Gallery in London and as recently as February 2010 , he was touring alongside punk poet , John Cooper Clarke .
He announced in May that he had been diagnosed with cancer and had been doing shows to raise money for his treatment .
His last public appearance came on the opening day of the 2010 World Cup , when he staged a show at The Salutation pub in Manchester city centre to launch his World Cup single , Three Shirts On My Line .
Before Frank
Yet for all his fame as Frank , Chris ' dalliances with showbusiness started long before he created his alter - ego .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In the 1970s , Chris formed a band called The Freshies , who were initially rejected by record companies .
Undeterred , Chris formed his own label , RAZZ , in 1974 and went on to release a number of EPs , which were buoyed along by the punk and post - punk of the late 70s and early 80s .
The Freshies ' fame peaked with the release of ' I 'm In Love With The Girl On The Manchester Virgin Megastore Checkout Desk ' ( later renamed ' I 'm In Love With The Girl On A Certain Manchester Megastore Checkout Desk ' ) , which reached number 54 in the singles chart in 1981 .
One of Chris ' major accomplishments in The Freshies was to produce the world 's first multimedia single , when he included a Sinclair Spectrum game , The Biz , on the B - side of a single .
The Biz also first introduced the character that he would become best known for , Frank Sidebottom .
Brimming full of ideas Speaking to BBC Radio Manchester , Mark Radcliffe described him as " one of the very few people I have ever met in my life who I would call a genius . "
" He was so creative , so brimming full of ideas , and it was n't just his act , he lived his life as an elaborate extended act .
Mark , along with journalist Jon Ronson and fellow radio presenter , Chris Evans , played in Frank 's Oh Blimey Big Band and said that working with him was an amazing experience .
" It was n't just the gig that was always fun with Chris , it was the whole day .
" One time we were talking about travel games and he decided that a good idea would be travel snooker .
" The next gig we went to , which was in London , he 'd brought one that he was developing with Velcro balls .
" We went from Timperley to London in a van with a snooker table in the middle of it , which meant there was barely any room to sit .
" But that was worth it for Chris , because that was a good joke , a funny joke . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PA Chairman Abbas :
" If all of you [ Arab States ] will fight Israel ,
we are in favor .
Palestinians will not fight alone
because they do n't have the ability . "
by Itamar Marcus and Nan Jacques Zilberdik
" ' We do n't accept the statement [ of Hamas ] : a [ Palestinian ] state of resistance and refusal .
What we hear from everyone is that the basis is negotiations , at a time that the entire world agrees about this , despite the absence of other options , we either have negotiations or no negotiations , what has put Israel in the corner .
We are unable to confront Israel militarily , and this point was discussed at the Arab League Summit in March in Sirt ( Libya ) .
There I turned to the Arab States and I said : ' If you want war , and if all of you will fight Israel , we are in favor .
But the Palestinians will not fight alone because they do n't have the ability to do it . '
He [ Abbas ] said : ' The West Bank was completely destroyed and we will not agree that it will be destroyed again , ' in addition to ' the inability to confront Israel militarily . ' "
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida ( Fatah ) , July 6 , 2010 ]
|
The official Palestinian Authority daily , reports that PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas said that he supports negotiations with Israel today because it is the only option .
However , as to the military option , Abbas said : " If you [ Arab states ] want war , and if all of you will fight Israel , we are in favor .
But the Palestinians will not fight alone because they do n't have the ability to do it .
" The PA daily reports that Abbas said this at a meeting with writers and journalists in the home of the Palestinian Ambassador to Jordan .
If you have n’t seen “ Food Inc , ” it will open your eyes to the underlying reasons why the U.S. is dealing with an 11 million illegal immigrant population .
It ’s not just a matter of porous boarders .
It ’s U.S. economic policies .
For decades , the federal government has provided subsidies to our farmers .
The original intent of the subsidies was two - fold : to hold down food prices to the consumer and to support family farms .
However , that policy has had unintended consequences which are costing Americans more than they bargained for .
First , the subsidies cost the American taxpayers additional tax dollars which means that while food prices are kept low , higher taxes to support those subsidies wipes out the savings in food prices .
Second , most of the subsidies go to multi-million agri-businesses : corporate - owned farms .
Very few farms , which receive a federal subsidy , are family farms .
As a result , most of these taxpayer subsidies go to huge corporations .
The subsidies , originally intended decades ago to support family farms , have become another form of corporate welfare .
Because of the subsidies , the cost of food production is actually less than what it would cost a farmer to grow the food .
In other words , the subsidies offset the loss of growing food products as the selling prices are kept artificially low .
While these artificially low prices seem to help American families , they have had a devastating effect on Mexico .
Following the passage of NAFTA , American agri-businesses began exporting to Mexico our cheap food products , particularly corn .
Mexican farmers are unable to compete with the cheap U.S. grown products , driving these farmers out of business and causing them to lose their farms .
Unable to support their families , these farmers head to the U.S. border to find work .
To make illegal immigration worse , U.S. agri-businesses , the documentary points out , are actively recruiting in Mexico .
Posters and signs have been distributed throughout Mexico , advertising jobs in the U.S.
The signs state , come to the U.S. and we ’ll hire you .
Of course , desperate Mexican workers , seeking to support their families , take hope for a job from these recruiting efforts .
Even a low - paying job in the U.S. is better than no work in Mexico .
Right now , the U.S. immigration policy is to punish the Mexicans for crossing the border illegally .
The real solution , though , to illegal immigration is changing our own economic policies that foster and support illegal immigration .
Until the U.S. recognizes it created the increased illegal immigration through its economic policies , illegal immigration will continue to be a problem .
This weekend BBC Sport is launching a new aspect of its online Formula 1 coverage .
We will be adding to the selection of video feeds available to UK users on the website a graphic showing the live location of all the cars on the track during the race .
The animation , which will be selectable in the video section at the top of the F1 live page , is provided by Formula 1 Management ( FOM ) - who call it a driver tracker - and we hope it will prove a nice complement to the rest of the BBC 's F1 coverage .
The best use of it is probably in addition to the TV coverage as a way to better understand the race .
It could be a huge help , for example , in the pit - stop period , when the TV coverage does not always show whether a driver emerges from his stop ahead or behind a rival .
The driver tracker will show you all this live .
Senate approves Petraeus nomination by 99-0
Bipartisan backing for US escalation in Afghanistan
By Patrick Martin
2 July 2010
The US Senate voted by 99- 0 to approve the nomination of Gen. David Petraeus as the top US - NATO commander in Afghanistan .
The vote Wednesday demonstrates the complicity of both big business political parties in the war crimes being perpetrated in this imperialist war .
The swift confirmation of Petraeus demonstrates the priorities of the politicians of both the Democratic and Republican parties .
The US Senate has failed to act for an entire month on the extension of unemployment benefits for the long - term unemployed .
Extensions have been repeatedly blocked , sometimes by a single senator ’s objection .
But an appointment which signals a new and even more bloody escalation of the violence in Afghanistan , where tens of thousands of innocent civilians and more than a thousand American soldiers have been slaughtered , speeds through the Senate in barely 24 hours .
Petraeus appeared before a Senate committee Tuesday morning , his nomination was rubber - stamped on Wednesday , and he was on a plane out of Washington before nightfall .
Not a single senator , Democrat or Republican , opposed the appointment , and every senator made sure that his or her vote was cast in favor of the general .
Apparently , there was only one valid excuse for failing to endorse the selection — Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia could not record a vote for Petraeus because he died early Monday .
The White House issued a statement hailing the unanimous vote and declaring that President Obama had “ full confidence ” in Petraeus .
“ General Petraeus is a pivotal part of our effort to succeed in Afghanistan and in our broader effort to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat Al Qaida , ” the statement said , adding that the general ’s “ unrivaled experience will ensure we do not miss a beat in our strategy to break the Taliban ’s momentum and build Afghan capacity . ”
This language demonstrates the political cynicism of Obama and the Democrats .
The “ unrivaled experience ” refers to the role Petraeus played in commanding the US military “ surge ” in Iraq in 2007 - 2008 under the Bush administration .
At the time , Senate Democrats like Obama , Joseph Biden and Hillary Clinton were harshly critical of the surge and of Petraeus , as they appealed to antiwar sentiment in the run-up to the 2008 presidential election .
Once in power , however , President Obama , Vice President Biden and Secretary of State Clinton enthusiastically backed an Iraq - style escalation of the war in Afghanistan , and Obama has now installed as commander the same general selected for that role in Iraq by George W. Bush .
Republicans normally critical of Obama were fulsome in their praise of the appointment .
Senator John McCain , Obama ’s Republican opponent in the 2008 presidential election , said , “ For those who doubt the president ’s desire and commitment to succeed in Afghanistan , his nomination of Gen .
Petraeus to run this war should cause them to think twice . ”
The Petraeus appointment has been hailed by the entire corporate - controlled US media , with liberal and conservative pundits alike depicting it as a political masterstroke .
Obama selected Petraeus to replace Gen. Stanley McChrystal , using the pretext of an article in Rolling Stone magazine in which McChrystal and top aides made unflattering comments about US civilian officials , including the president himself and Vice President Biden .
The real significance of the firing of McChrystal was that he was losing the war .
US - NATO casualty rates have shot up — hitting a record 102 deaths in the month of June , including 60 US soldiers .
The initial offensive of the Afghan “ surge , ” in the Marjah region of Helmand province , has proved a dismal failure , with Taliban guerrillas melting away and then returning in force , preventing any stabilization of the region .
What was to have been the major summer offensive , around Kandahar , Afghanistan ’s second city and a Taliban stronghold , has been postponed at least until the fall .
While the official claim is that there were no policy differences involved in the firing , Petraeus ’s testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee Tuesday hinted otherwise .
He said he would be reviewing the rules of engagement for US troops in Afghanistan , which have been criticized within the military and in Congress for setting limits on the use of US firepower , particularly air strikes and artillery , which have caused widespread civilian casualties .
Petraeus returned to this subject before a different audience Thursday morning , when he arrived in Brussels for a round of visits with NATO officials .
According to press accounts , he reiterated the need to revisit the rules of engagement , claiming that he had “ a moral imperative to bring all force to bear when our troops are in a tough position . ”
One British newspaper headlined its account of the visit as a pledge by Petraeus to end “ red tape ” that was hampering the use of air power in Afghanistan .
He was quoted telling reporters , “ there are concerns among the ranks of some of our troopers on the ground that some of the processes are becoming a bit too bureaucratic . ”
But in a sop to mounting opposition to the war in Europe , he tried to balance this call for greater use of force with a profession of concern for the Afghan population .
“ In counterinsurgency , the human terrain is the decisive terrain , and you must do everything possible to reduce civilian casualties , ” he said .
There is considerable tension within NATO over the deteriorating military position in Afghanistan and the deteriorating political position of pro-war governments in Europe .
Norway , for example , suffered its largest one - day battlefield toll since the country was invaded by the Nazis in 1940 , when four Norwegian soldiers were killed June 27 by a roadside bomb as they patrolled a previously quiet region in northern Afghanistan .
There are also inter-imperialist tensions .
Petraeus will give orders to both the US and NATO forces in Afghanistan , and there is reported resentment in European capitals that the Obama administration changed commanders without consulting them , when they have contributed a third of the troops and suffered 40 percent of the casualties .
NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen expressed support for McChrystal after the Rolling Stone article appeared , only to find himself — along with Afghan President Hamid Karzai — among McChrystal ’s last - ditch defenders .
Besides the rules of engagement , one other issue dominated the Senate confirmation hearing for Petraeus — Obama ’s supposed pledge to begin the drawdown of US troops in Afghanistan in July 2011 , one year from now .
Republican senators like McCain repeatedly pressed Petraeus on this point , and he emphasized the conditional nature of the so - called deadline , which was included in Obama ’s escalation plan only to deceive antiwar public opinion in the United States .
“ July 2011 is the point at which we will begin a transition phase , ” the general said .
“ July 2011 is not a date when we will be rapidly withdrawing our forces and switching off the lights and closing the door behind us . ”
Leslie Gelb , president emeritus of the Council on Foreign Relations , a major US foreign policy think tank , cited this comment and observed , “ Make no mistake , the thrust of the general ’s remarks in these confirmation hearings was to further lock Mr. Obama into the Afghan war and to protect his right flank against Republicans and conservatives who have begun charging that the president is about to cut and run from the war . ”
The upshot of the McChrystal affair is that the Obama administration and the Democratic Party are more committed than ever to a policy of endless intervention in Afghanistan , with all the consequences that must ensue , not only for the people of that war - ravaged country , but for the American people , who will see their living standards and social benefits attacked to feed the Pentagon .
Only hours after the confirmation of Petraeus , the Republican leader in the House of Representatives , John Boehner , was giving an interview to a friendly right - wing newspaper , the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review , in which he argued for increased funding for the war in Afghanistan and for cutting Social Security benefits for the elderly by raising the retirement age to 70 .
Last week , the New York Times had this encouraging news :
The government is preparing to issue new rules that will make it substantially easier for veterans who have been found to have post - traumatic stress disorder to receive disability benefits , a change that could affect hundreds of thousands of veterans from the wars in Iraq , Afghanistan and Vietnam .
The regulations from the Department of Veterans Affairs , which will take effect as early as Monday and cost as much as $ 5 billion over several years according to Congressional analysts , will essentially eliminate a requirement that veterans document specific events like bomb blasts , firefights or mortar attacks that might have caused P.T.S.D. , an illness characterized by emotional numbness , irritability and flashbacks .
For decades , veterans have complained that finding such records was extremely time consuming and sometimes impossible .
And in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , veterans groups assert that the current rules discriminate against tens of thousands of service members — many of them women — who did not serve in combat roles but nevertheless suffered traumatic experiences .
That , as much as anything , underscored the fundamental change in treatment of U.S. combat veterans now that the Obama administration has replaced Bush - Cheney .
For all the blather about patriotism and supporting our troops , the reality is that to Bush - Cheney , patriotism was mere political jingoism and the troops were mere cannon fodder and props for photo ops .
Under Bush - Cheney , the troops were used and abused , but not treated as the brave human beings who willingly risk everything in service to our country regardless of the politics of war , over which they have little or no say .
Another example of the paradigmatic change in attitude and treatment came several months ago .
After eight years of Bush - Cheney , U.S. veterans were suffering from myriad personal traumas , including dramatic rises in mental illness , including PTSD , and spiking rates of suicide and homelessness , with a doubling of homeless female veterans , alone .
Last November , the Associated Press reported :
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki on Tuesday unveiled a plan to end veterans ’ homelessness in five years , saying that without action the improvements of recent years could be lost because of the bad economy .
Shinseki said the VA will spend $ 3.2 billion next year to reduce homelessness among veterans and is working to strengthen partnerships with other government agencies and service organizations .
He said he recognizes that a goal of zero homeless veterans is ambitious but that he wants a high target so that everyone puts in their best efforts .
“ My name is Shinseki and I ’m here to end veteran homelessness , ” he said at the beginning of a speech to 1,200 service providers at a VA summit .
Even as a goal , however difficult it may be to attain , no previous administration had ever spoken in such clear terms .
It begins with attitude .
It is a profound disgrace that some men and women who served this nation in uniform are essentially discarded , with some literally ending up living on the streets .
The Bush - Cheney team not only ignored the problem , their policies made it worse .
The Obama team wants to solve it .
And this speaks to an even larger issue .
One of the most insidious lies often disseminated by the corporate media , and still permeating much of public consciousness , is that Republicans care more than Democrats about our service personnel , despite a clear record that proves otherwise .
And because that lie so permeates public consciousness , Democrats often find themselves on the political defense , making bad decisions out of a reflexive desire to prove that they 're not weak or soft or unpatriotic .
It 's beyond absurd , but it 's part of the political dynamic .
And the best way for the Democrats to fight it - the best way for them to fight their own reflexive defensiveness - is to keep referring back to the facts .
Sometimes , those facts are mostly symbolic : President Obama visiting Arlington National Cemetery and Dover Air Force Base , demonstrating a human compassion and empathy that Bush - Cheney lacked .
And sometimes , such as the new policy on PTSD , or Shinseki 's goal of ending veterans ' homelessness , those facts prove the substance behind the symbolism .
Democrats care about the troops .
Democrats in government want to take care of the troops .
On the other hand , the Bush - Cheney regime hardly could have been more abusive to the troops .
I 've been compiling a handy reference sheet :
Do n't ever let Republicans claim to be more supportive of U.S. military personnel .
Not only was their beloved Bush - Cheney regime cruel and inhumane in its treatment of the very people whose service it politically capitalized upon , but in the past several months the Obama administration has demonstrated a respect and appreciation that Republicans would n't have given a moment 's consideration .
To Bush - Cheney , military personnel were not given any consideration but were considered but political pawns .
President Obama will best serve military personnel when he ends the Bush - Cheney wars , but he already has shown that he is always conscious of their fundamental humanity , and intends to honor them for the honor they do this nation by serving it in uniform .
As dusk fell around him and the mosquitoes began to forage over his aunt 's front yard , Michael Anthony Green was unequivocal about one thing :
He wants to meet the woman whose sudden scream sent him unjustly to prison for 27 years .
Time has passed and much of the anger that fueled his passion to learn the law as an inmate has diminished .
But the 45 - year - old Green is still as anxious as he was in 1983 to understand why the victim of a sexual assault fingered him as the perpetrator , an accusation finally refuted for good when DNA revealed four other men as her attackers .
" She knew I was n't the one , " Green said Friday evening , only hours after walking out of Harris County Courthouse a free man .
" She should n't have picked me .
She had said it was n't me a week earlier . "
Green said he was told by a prosecutor that the woman , who is not being named by the Chronicle , is truly sorry and promises to write a letter to Gov. Rick Perry urging that Green be granted a pardon as quickly as possible .
" I thank her for that , " Green said , " but I still want to know why . "
Green said he realizes that the woman may have felt pressure by police to settle on a culprit , and he accepts that the live and photo lineups she was shown likely were tainted by her having seen him on the night of the crime .
He knows that this may explain why she picked him , despite her having said on the night of the assault that he was not one of her attackers .
But still Green is haunted by the scream of apparent recognition she let out when the line of men was paraded before her in the bright light on April 26 , 1983 .
Outrage boiled over inside him then , he said , and there is still a flash of it in his eyes .
In that instant , his life changed .
Throughout the trial and the long prison sentence that followed it , Green has clung to the belief that this brutally attacked woman , in her heart of hearts , has known all along that he did n't do it .
" I do n't want to hear excuses , " he said .
" Are you saying that if someone robs you , because the cops keep putting my picture in front of you , that 's going to make you pick me ?
That does not justify her actions . "
' Just happy to be free '
As he headed inside to some long - overdue barbecue and the loving crush of an ecstatic family , Green was clearly weary of telling his story .
But he vowed to repeat it again and again if it would keep another person from the same fate .
He showed little interest in talking about how times have changed , how soon he would have a Face­book page , or what flavor ice cream he missed the most .
" Those types of things do n't enter my mind .
I 'm just happy to be free . "
Hours earlier , Green faced a similar grilling as he stepped into the afternoon Houston heat , free for the first time since being picked up on suspicion of stealing a car a week after the rape victim had been assaulted .
His eyes darted around the throng of reporters and relatives waiting to hear his story .
He spoke in spurts and talked with his hands , alternating between prison slang and the language of a law student .
It was not until he mentioned his mother , who died in 2004 , that his voice caught in his throat .
Missing her funeral , he said , was his saddest moment in prison .
" She was one of the things that kept me really sane in prison .
That 's why I almost went all the way off when she died and they would n't let me go to her funeral . "
Green was freed after jailhouse interviews and DNA testing returned this week showed conclusively that he was not one of the four men who abducted and sexually assaulted a woman in the Greenspoint area in 1983 .
None of the men implicated can be prosecuted because of the statute of limitations .
Asked if he was angry , he answered quickly , " That would come natural for doing time for something you did n't do . "
One last day 's delay
Thin and dressed in a green polo shirt , Green emerged from the Harris County Jail , where he had had to spend an extra night after an outburst led officials to cancel a Thursday morning court hearing , to a bear hug from his brother .
" It felt good , just being near him , just seeing him , " said Adrian Taylor , 50 .
" It 's something that you really can't express after all this long time . "
Asked how he lived day - to - day in prison knowing that he was innocent , Green said , " That 's how I lived — day by day - trying not to think about my situation , trying not to think about it . "
He dealt with it , he said , by spending his time learning about the law .
" I channeled my anger into studying the law whereas this would never happen to me ever again . "
Earlier in the day , visiting state District Judge Mike Wilkinson ordered Green 's release on a no-cash personal bond while the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals rules on his actual innocence .
Grateful to the DA 's office
Friday , Green was all smiles as he complimented the Harris County District Attorney 's Office .
He credited by name prosecutor Alicia O'Neill and investigator J.J. Freeze with finding a pair of jeans stored in a warehouse that had been worn by the victim during the crime , then testing it for DNA evidence .
The results excluded Green .
" The first thing I 'd like to do is to thank the DA 's office .
They pushed and pushed and pushed to try to get it on through .
Outside of that , I thank my lawyer , " he said as he hugged attorney Bob Wicoff .
Wicoff has blamed Green 's conviction on slapdash police work .
Green , then 18 , was identified by the victim in a photo array and a lineup after she saw him from the back of a police car and initially said he was not involved .
He was sentenced to 75 years in prison .
mike.tolson@chron.com
brian.rogers@chron.com
Game copiers for Nintendo DS ruled illegal in UK By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News Published duration 28 July 2010
image caption
The chips circumvent protection measures built into consoles
A High Court has ruled that devices that allow gamers to play pirated video games are illegal in the UK .
The ruling specifically targets a range of popular devices which can be used to store and play copied games on the Nintedo DS handheld console .
The ruling says " game copiers " are illegal to import , advertise and sell in the UK .
The defendants - Playables Limited and Wai Dat Chan - had argued that they allow gamers to play home - made games .
" The mere fact that the device can be used for a non-infringing purpose is not a defence , " read the ruling by Justice Floyd .
Nintendo said it was " pleased that the court was not persuaded by the defendant 's arguments , claiming that game copiers are lawful , as they allow for the play of ' homebrew ' applications " .
" The court affirmed that game copiers first circumvent Nintendo 's security systems before any non-infringing application can be played on Nintendo 's handheld products , " it said in a statement .
Playables Limited and Mr Chan did not respond to requests for comment .
This UK judgment follows a similar ruling in the Netherlands earlier in July .
The Hague District Court ruled that 11 Dutch online retailers acted unlawfully by importing and selling game copiers for use with Nintendo DS and modification chips for use with Wii .
Game copiers are designed to fit into the game cartridge of Nintendo's DS .
Games can then be loaded from memory cards .
The chips circumvent the protection measures Nintendo has built into its DS consoles , enabling illegally pirated games to be downloaded online and stored on a chip .
Other gamers use them to store and load homemade games or , as they can hold multiple games , to store their entire collection of titles in a portable format .
They are sold for as little as £ 10 .
The ruling said that the defendants had imported nine different devices on a " large scale " .
" HMRC and Trading Standards have seized more than 165,000 game copiers intended for the defendants , " it read .
Officials plan to reduce the number of Canada geese in New York State by two - thirds , eventually trimming the population to 85,000 from 250,000 , according to a report prepared by several city , state and federal agencies .
The reduction is part of a larger plan that also calls for the near halving of the Canada geese population in 17 Atlantic states , to 650,000 from 1.1 million .
The New York Times obtained a copy of the report .
In New York City , the report says , the current goose population of 20,000 to 25,000 is “ five times the amount that most people would find socially acceptable , ” suggesting the number would be reduced to about 4,000 .
A high - level official of the United States Department of Agriculture who is familiar with the proposal called it a “ one - of - a - kind plan . ”
The mother of the British computer hacker Gary McKinnon says it is " wonderful " his case has been raised by the prime minister during talks with the US president .
Janis Sharp told BBC Radio 5 live Breakfast that " Obama smiled and at the end actually said that they 're hoping to find a way that is appropriate to get through this " .
She said Mr McKinnon , who is accused of hacking US military computer systems , was " scared to hope " .
The number of U.S. homes taken back by banks through foreclosure hit a record high in the second quarter , even as lenders delayed more homes from entering the process through short sales and loan modification efforts , according to data to be released Thursday .
This growing supply of lender - owned properties could set back the nation ’s housing recovery but probably wo n’t sink it completely if the nation ’s employment situation does n’t deteriorate further and the economy begins to pick up steam , experts said .
Sales of homes have faltered nationally in recent months with the expiration of government tax incentives for buyers .
U.S. bank repossessions increased 38 % in the second quarter from the same period a year earlier for a record total of 269,952 , according to Irvine research firm RealtyTrac .
That was also a jump of 5 % from the previous quarter .
If that pace continues through the year , the number of homes taken by banks is likely to top 1 million by the end of 2010 , said Rick Sharga , Realty Trac senior vice president .
“ It is almost a certainty that we will see over a million over the course of the year , and that would definitely be a record , ” he said .
“ It ’s serious , but it does n’t appear to be that these levels will crater the housing market if the economy at least stabilizes and we do start to see some job creation . ”
A total of 895,521 foreclosure notices were filed on U.S. properties during the second quarter , an increase of less than 1 % from the same quarter a year earlier and a 4 % decrease from the first quarter , according to RealtyTrac .
Notices of default — the first stage of the foreclosure process — were down 19 % from the same quarter a year earlier and 11 % from the first quarter .
“ What is happening is that the number of loans that are going into delinquency is abating , but the number of loans that are moving through the foreclosure process is rising , ” said Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody ’s Economy.com .
“ This is because many loans got piled up in the foreclosure process as mortgage servicers tried to figure out all the various loan modification plans and policy efforts to mitigate foreclosure activity .
Now , at this point , servicers are figuring out these programs and are starting to push loans through the process . ”
Because housing has stabilized and banks have improved their financial positions since the start of the financial crisis , regulators are pressing them to get rid of their troubled loans .
“ There is growing pressure on the banks to get problem residential loans worked out one way or another , ” said Bert Ely , an independent banking consultant .
“ And the sense is that , in most markets , we are through the worst of it to the extent the economy improves at all . ”
California homes received a total of 192,422 foreclosure filings in the second quarter , a 24 % decrease from the same quarter a year earlier and an 11 % drop from the first three months of the year .
Notices of default were down 43 % from the same quarter a year earlier and 15 % from the first three months of the year .
California also appears to be bucking the trend in bank seizures , with that number up only 1 % at the end of the second quarter from the year - earlier quarter and down 1.5 % from the first quarter .
That relatively moderate increase in home seizures in the Golden State is probably because banks are purposely postponing the auctions of homes to keep a flood of properties off the market , Sharga said , and will not last forever .
“ California might be too saturated , in terms of what the banks are willing to put on their books right now , ” he said .
“ You will definitely see it coming later . ”
“ Because of how out of control the prices and lending practices got during the boom , and now because of high levels of unemployment , California is probably going to be at the center of the foreclosure crisis until it ’s over , ” Sharga said .
alejandro.lazo@latimes.com
As a candidate Barack Obama opposed economic commissions , but as president he created four of them
Senator McCain ’s first answer to this economic crisis was – get ready for it – a commission .
That ’s Washington - speak for ‘ we ’ll get back to you later . ' ”
“ Folks , we do n’t need a commission to spend a few years and a lot of taxpayer money to tell us what ’s going on in our economy , ” he continued .
“ We do n’t need a commission to tell us gas prices are high or that you ca n’t pay your bills .
We do n’t need a commission to tell us you ’re losing your jobs .
We do n’t need a commission to study this crisis , we need a President who will solve it – and that ’s the kind of President I intend to be
Those words were spoken by then presidential candidate Barack Obama back in September of 2008 .
Barack Obama ’s sarcastic and mocking remarks towards John McCain ’s suggestion that a commission needed to be formed to look into the economic collapse were meant to show that instead of forming a commission to investigate the collapse , he would be the “ hands on ” president that would lead us out of the economic crisis , while John McCain would basically punt the issue to a commission .
He claimed that by forming a commission John McCain was saying , “ we will get back to you later ” but that he would be the kind of president that would be hands on and make the decisions himself – thereby saving time– and would lead us out of the crisis faster than John McCain ’s commission could .
He specifically stated , “ we do n’t need a commission to tell us gas prices are high or that you ca n’t pay your bills .
We do n’t need a commission to tell us you ’re losing your jobs .
We do n’t need a commission to study this crisis , we need a President who will solve it . ”
So what did Barack Obama do as president to address the economic crisis ?
What did he do as president to solve the economic crisis in light of the fact that he considered it obvious what the problem was ?
He formed four economic commissions .
As president he apparently thinks it is okay to “ get back to you later . ”
This is 180 degrees opposite of his campaign rhetoric .
We have seen the difference in Barack Obama ’s rhetoric and his actions countless times now ; whether it is signing a bill laden with thousands of earmarks while claiming that it is time for earmark reform , or whether it is claiming that he did not want to run automobile companies while taking over GM , or whether it is campaigning against wireless wiretaps but continuing them as president , or whether it is GITMO , Iraq , or claiming that he wants to trim the deficit while expanding it , the list goes on and on so this should come as no surprise to anybody .
Barack Obama campaigned as the candidate who would reform Washington ; part of that reform would be to eliminate commissions that in his words were meant to delay decisions on important issues such as the failing economy .
But as president he has fallen into the same trap that he was so violently opposed to as a candidate .
Barack Obama went to Washington and Washington has changed him , he has not changed Washington .
So what happened ?
Reality set in .
It is easy to be against something when you have the luxury of opposing everything , it is not so easy when you actually have to make decisions and are suddenly thrust into a position of responsibility that you were obviously not ready for .
As a candidate his positions did not have consequences – he could say whatever he wanted to– but as president his decisions do come with consequences so he is no longer able to blindly and irresponsibly make claims that he can’t follow up on .
Now he has to consider the consequences and that is a consequence that neither he nor his supporters who bought into the whole notion of Barack Obama being a reform candidate bothered to think about .
I am sure that if Barack Obama was ever asked about this change of positions , he would reply “ we will get back to you later . ”
A new image by NASA reveals the extent of the world ’s marine dead zones , which a study in 2008 found were doubling every decade .
At that time 415 dead zones had been identified worldwide .
Dead zones are regions of the ocean where dissolved oxygen has fallen to such low levels that most marine species can no longer survive .
Such conditions are often seasonal .
The so - called dead zones are caused by agricultural runoff , especially nitrogen - rich fertilizers , as well as the burning of fossil fuels .
Pollutants from these sources cause marine eutrophication , whereby the ecosystem receives too many nutrients , triggering massive algae blooms , which eventually die and are broken down bacteria .
In breaking down the algae blooms , the bacteria consume excessive amounts of oxygen , essentially starving the marine system .
Therefore the largest and most extreme dead zones occur near high populations and run-off areas for agriculture fertilizers .
There are a few places in the world where low - oxygen waters are naturally occurring , such as the Bay of Bengal and southern Africa ’s Atlantic west coast .
Species in these regions have evolved greater resilience to low oxygen conditions , however even these areas are threatened by anthropogenic sources of nutrients .
Created by satellite , the red circles on this map show the location and size of many of our planet ’s dead zones .
Black dots show where dead zones have been observed , but their size is unknown .
Darker blues in this image show higher concentrations of particulate organic matter , an indication of the overly fertile waters that can culminate in dead zones .
Image courtesy of NASA .
Click on image to enlarge .
Related articles
Climate change , ocean acidification may doom jumbo squid
( 12/15/2008 ) Ocean acidification — driven by rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere — may hurt the Humboldt squid , report researchers writing in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Marine ‘ dead zones ’ double every decade
( 08/14/2008 ) Dead zones have spread across the ocean at alarming rates .
Currently 415 sites , usually along coastlines , have shown signs of seasonal to persistent hypoxia — a severe lack of oxygen .
In a new essay in Science , researchers Robert Diaz and Rutger Rosenberg argue that marine dead zones have “ become a major worldwide environmental problem ” .
Marine dead zones now occupy a portion of the ocean equal to that of the United Kingdom and continue to grow , doubling every decade since the 1960s and showing no sign of abating .
Ocean dead zones have nearly quadrupled since 1994
( 04/03/2008 ) Coastal areas worldwide are suffering from over - enrichment of their waters by nitrogen and phosphorus , finds a new study from the World Resources Institute ( WRI ) .
This over - enrichment , known as eutrophication , causes numerous environmental problems , eventually devastating coastal environments .
In overly nutrient - rich waters phytoplankton , micro- and macroalgae grow to excessive portions ; these ‘ algal blooms ’ diminish subaquatic vegetation , damage coral reefs , and deplete populations of fish , shellfish , marine mammals , and sea birds .
In the worst case scenarios the massive algal blooms form hypoxic or dead zones due to loss of oxygen in the water , essentially condemning the ecosystem .
By Camilla Rees , www.electromagnetichealth.org
Today was a very important day in San Francisco !
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors passed Mayor Gavin Newsom ’s cell phone ‘ right to know ’ ordinance that will require retailers to post warnings of cell phone radiation risk at the point - of - sale .
The ordinance , postponed last week to today to address legal liability concerns of the City of San Francisco and small business owners , passed with flying colors .
In fact , it passed despite heavy lobbying by the telecommunications industry .
To be enacted into law , there is first a 10 day comment period before the Mayor signs it into law .
This is a watershed moment for health advocates in the U.S. and families who have or have had members with brain tumors .
San Francisco is the first city in the country to require radiation disclosure data at the point of sale .
Warnings were proposed in Maine in March , by Rep. Andrea Boland , and in the State of California in recent weeks by Sen.
Mark Leno , but both bills did not pass .
The SAR value to be required at the point - of - sale in San Francisco is a measure of the power of the phone .
The exposure limit in the U.S. is 1.6 W/Kg , for this type of radiation , and the guideline was based on an assumed 6 minutes of cell phone radiation exposure .
Please note , however , the SAR is not a complete gauge of cell phone safety .
See my article on this at Mercola.com ( http://sn.im/xgd6d).
The cell phone SAR value does not accurately reflect the potential for biological harm from the frequencies of the communication , and , very importantly , there are also some biological effects that have been shown to be worse at lower SAR values compared to higher SAR values , such as blood brain barrier permeability .
In no way should consumers be relying on the SAR value alone as a measure of safety , but instead realize it is how one uses a cell phone ( speaker phone or headset vs. against one ’s head ) and for how long that matters most .
“ This bill is a first step ” , says Dr. Devra Davis of the Environmental Health Trust .
“ It would be dangerous for people to assume that they can hold a lower SAR phone close to the head for hours a day .
How and where phones are used determines the overall exposures to radiofrequency radiation . ”
According to Doug Loranger of SNAFU , the San Francisco Neighborhood Antenna Free Union , “ The new law will be phased in over the next 2 years , with large formula retailers to be the first to comply , followed by small independent businesses that sell mobile phones ” .
Scientists have known for some time that radiation emitted by cell phones posed serious risk .
Olle Johannson , PhD of the Karolinska Institute in Sweden has said :
“ At the Karolinska Institute , we have for many years observed very serious biological changes from exposure to microwave radiation and extremely low - frequency magnetic fields of the kind emitted by cell phones .
The type of radiation emitted by cell phones has been linked to cancer , neurological diseases , impairments to immune function , and neurological function ( cognition , behaviour , performance , mood status , disruption of sleep , increased risk for auto collisions , etc. ) .
We also know that this kind of radiation impacts DNA , leading to possible mutations and cancer development , as well as affecting fertility and reproduction , causing a dramatic decline in sperm count . ”
Just today , in Seoul , Korea , a presentation at the Bioelectromagnetics Society annual meeting ( http://www.bioelectromagnetics.org/bems2010/) by Lloyd Morgan , B.Sc. showed that the risk of brain tumors from cell phone use is in fact much higher that the recently published Interphone study acknowledged .
Entitled “ Re-evaluation of the Interphone Study : Application of a Correction Factor ” ( http://sn.im/xd8ex), the report , co-authored with Professor Michael Kundi of the Medical University of Vienna and Michael Carlberg , M.Sc. of the Department of Oncology , University Hospital , Örebro , Sweden , quantifies the extent of the underestimation of risk of brain tumors from cell phone use on account of the 12 design flaws , now widely reported on .
Morgan says , “ What we have discovered indicates there is going to be one hell of a brain tumor pandemic unless people are warned and encouraged to change current cell phone use behaviors .
Governments should not soft - peddle this critical public health issue but instead rapidly educate citizens on the risks .
People should hear the message clearly that cell phones should be kept away from one ’s head and body at all times . ”
Please read the full Press Release and audio news releases on this important new scientific report at http://sn.im/xd8ex.
San Francisco Legislation – Draft ( stay tuned for final )
http://www.sfbos.org/ftp/uploadedfiles/bdsupvrs/bosagendas/materials/bag061510_100104.pdf
Download the Warning Poster Draft from the Mayor of San Francisco here :
http://snurl.com/wqpoi
– by Camilla Rees
ElectromagneticHealth.org
Image caption Conflicting videos have deepened the mystery as to Mr Amiri 's whereabouts
A missing Iranian nuclear scientist , who Tehran says was kidnapped a year ago by the CIA , has taken refuge in the Iran section of Pakistan 's US embassy .
A spokesman from Pakistan 's Foreign Office , Abdul Basit , told the BBC that Shahram Amiri was seeking immediate repatriation to Iran .
In June videos purportedly of Mr Amiri but containing contradictory information on his whereabouts emerged .
The US rejected Tehran 's claims that it was behind Mr Amiri 's disappearance .
Iranian media say Mr Amiri worked as a researcher at a university in Tehran , but some reports say he worked for the country 's atomic energy organisation and had in - depth knowledge of its controversial nuclear programme .
ABC News reported in March that he had defected and was helping the CIA , revealing valuable information about the Iranian nuclear programme .
But earlier this month , Tehran said it had proof he was being held in the US .
The allegation came after three videos purportedly of Mr Amiri emerged - the first said he had been kidnapped , the second that he was living freely in Arizona , and the third that he had escaped from his captors .
Diplomatic standoff
The BBC 's former correspondent in Tehran , Jon Leyne , says that Iran 's version of the story seems to be backed up by events unfolding in Washington DC .
Our correspondent says Mr Amiri 's sudden appearance is a major embarrassment for the American spy agencies and could lead to a diplomatic stand - off .
Analysis
There are two diametrically opposed versions of the Shahram Amiri story .
Iran says he was kidnapped .
American sources said that he defected and was spilling the beans on the Iranian nuclear programme .
On the face of it , the Iranian version now sounds a lot more credible .
However those inclined to give the US the benefit of the doubt will point out that it is still conceivable that Mr Amiri was persuaded , blackmailed , or even conceivably kidnapped by the Iranians themselves back into their hands .
Either way this is a big embarrassment for the American spy agencies , who have let slip a man they had been building up as a major catch .
Profile : Shahram Amiri
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki has confirmed reports that Mr Amiri had asked to be repatriated to Iran .
" We hope that , without any obstacle , he can return to his country , that they ( the United States ) , do not create any obstacle for his return to his homeland , " Mr Mottaki added .
While US authorities cannot enter Iran 's diplomatic premises , they could prevent Mr Amiri leaving .
The Iran interest section is under the protection of Pakistan 's embassy in Washington , but housed in a different building and run by Iranians .
The US cut diplomatic relations with Iran shortly after the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Iranian state radio has reported that Mr Amiri said in a telephone interview from inside the Iranian interest section that he had been " under enormous psychological pressure and supervision of armed agents in the past 14 months " .
Mr Amiri was also quoted as saying that the US government had wanted to return him quietly to Iran using another country 's airline and in doing so " cover up this abduction " .
" After my comments were released on the internet , the Americans realised that they were the losers of this game , " he was quoted as having said .
Video claims
A US official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , told the Reuters news agency that Mr Amiri had been visiting the US and had decided " to return to Iran of his own free will " .
Mr Amiri went missing a year ago while on pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia .
The first two videos , telling starkly contradictory stories , were posted on the video - sharing site YouTube on 8 June .
In the first , initially broadcast by Iranian television , a man purporting to be Mr Amiri says he was kidnapped by the US while on pilgrimage in the Saudi Arabian city of Medina and that he is now living in the US state of Arizona .
At the time the Iranian government described the video as evidence that he was being held in the US against his will .
In the second , posted hours later on YouTube , a similar - looking man claiming to be the scientist says he is happy in the US , living in freedom and safety .
Plea for help
In the third video , which was broadcast by Iranian state TV on 29 June , a man claiming to be the missing scientist says : " I , Shahram Amiri , am a national of the Islamic Republic of Iran and a few minutes ago I succeeded in escaping US security agents in Virginia .
" Presently , I am producing this video in a safe place .
I could be rearrested at any time . "
The man in the video also dismisses the second recording , in which it was claimed that the scientist was living freely in the US , as " a complete fabrication " .
" I am not free here and I am not permitted to contact my family .
If something happens and I do not return home alive , the US government will be responsible . "
The video finishes with the man urging Iranian officials and human rights organisations to " put pressure on the US government for my release and return " .
" I was not prepared to betray my country under any kind of threats or bribery by the US government , " he adds .
A beleaguered northern gannet gets a clean - up at an animal treatment facility ( Image : Tech . Sgt. Emily Alley )
UP TO 700 million litres of oil , plus nearly 7 million litres of dispersant chemicals , all threaten some of the most important marine and coastal habitats of the US .
When the leak from the Deepwater Horizon well stopped – for now , at least ( see “ Oil spill memory will fade fast ” ) – on 15 July , it was time to take stock of a grim scene .
Even as the engineers complete their job , an army of ecologists is gearing up for an arduous campaign to document the …
Thanks for checking in !
It has been my pleasure and privilege to represent Sadler 's Home Furnishings in Alaska for , well , A really long time !
just check it out !
----->
It 's been a wonderful journey being a part of Alaska and joining Alaskans in their homes all this time .
Whenever I am out and about anywhere in the state I have had the most incredible opportunities to get to know the people of the Greatland .
Over and over , people are fascinated by what I do , and what my job is like .
Now ,
It 's not rocket science , or curing cancer , but it 's a lot of fun and is pretty interesting !
Click on " ALL ABOUT ME " to see what I 'm doing when I 'm not being the Sadler 's Lady .
" The Sadler 's Lady at Work " shows what we are doing at the Store , and also our activities as part the community .
Cool Stuff is Sadler 's Lady t- shirts and more , with all proceeds to benefit Hope Community Services here in Alaska .
Random
Blogging is simply thoughts I 'd like to share - one of the really fun benefits of having your own website !
And Contact
Me is just that - I 'd love to hear from you !
N ow on Facebook and Twitter
Random Blogging !
Page URL : http://www.nationalpost.com/home.asp?f=000323/239826
Thursday , March 23 , 2000 Anti-male bias in family courts blamed for man 's suicide
Could n't afford support payments , backers say
Donna Laframboise
National Post
Darrin White
Last week , the RCMP recovered the body of 34 - year - old Darrin White .
Listed as a missing person since March 12 , Mr. White hanged himself in woods near the University of Northern British Columbia campus .
The father of four children , aged 5 , 9 , 10 and 14 , he was involved in a custody battle with his estranged wife , Madeleine White .
" Darrin did n't have a chance , " says Peter Ostrowski , an activist with the Parent - Child Advocacy Coalition ( PCAC ) , which tried to assist him .
" He was thrown out of his house on two days ' notice with nowhere to live .
He was expected to pay a lawyer a $ 5,000 retainer and appear in court repeatedly .
Meanwhile , he was supposed to be working night - shift driving 800 - ton trains loaded with iron ore . "
Legal documents show Mrs. White , 33 , left the family home on Jan.18 , taking the couple 's three children with her .
( Mr. White 's eldest child lives with her mother , Melodi Johnston , in Weyburn , Sask . )
On the same day , police charged Mr. White -- who denied any wrongdoing -- with wife assault .
In response to a restraining order issued against him , Mr. White wrote on a court form : " I believe we can work out our problems through a marriage counsellor or any other way Madeleine chooses .
I love my family and I love my wife both very much ...
My children need their dad and I need them . "
On Feb. 21 , Mr. White was given less than 48 hours to vacate the matrimonial home after Master Douglas Baker , a junior judge of the Supreme Court of British Columbia , awarded Mrs .
White exclusive occupancy .
On March 1 , Master Baker issued a 14 - page written decision ordering Mr. White to pay $ 1,071 a month in child support plus $ 1,000 a month in alimony -- with the first payment of $ 2,071 due immediately .
Although the order acknowledges that the Whites were both " qualified and certified railroad locomotive engineers , " it concludes , without explaining why : " It is not reasonable at this time to expect " Mrs .
White , a full - time homemaker since 1995 , to return to railway work " in the immediately foreseeable future . "
Mr. White had recently taken stress leave from his job but , because of time constraints , was unable to supply the court with documents proving he would be receiving only $ 400 a week in gross income ( or about $ 950 net a month ) while off the job .
The court order reads : " I must conclude that the current interruption to the defendant 's income stream is temporary and of short duration ...
I attribute to the defendant an annual income for [ child support ] guideline purposes of $ 60,300 . "
Mr. White had already been paying informal child support to Ms. Johnston for his oldest daughter .
When his marriage broke down this year , he appears to have been concerned about whether this daughter would continue to receive a fair share .
In February , he signed a contract with Ms. Johnston obliging him to pay $ 439 a month .
" Darrin and I never spent one day in a courtroom , " says Ms. Johnston .
" We were always able to work things out between us . "
Master Baker was unimpressed .
" I seriously question that the payments in respect of [ the daughter ] are actually being made and conclude that the agreement ... is an agreement purely of convenience , " reads his decision .
Two weeks before Mr. White killed himself , a doctor signed an insurance form indicating he was suffering from divorce - related depression , cognitive impairment and an inability to concentrate .
Mr. White was not fit , said the doctor , to work on even a part - time basis .
" Darrin had no problem with the child support , " says Mr. Ostrowski .
" What put the rope around his neck was the $ 1,000 spousal support he was ordered to pay for his estranged wife who is exactly qualified in the same job and had no reason she could n't go back to work . "
Activists in Montreal , Regina and Toronto say divorce - related suicides by men treated harshly by the courts are all too common .
The Alberta - based Men's Educational Support Association devotes a page on its Web site ( www.mesacanada.com) to nearly two dozen men , including many British citizens , who have taken their own lives in such circumstances .
It also reports on Brian Armstrong , an unemployed New Hampshire welder who lived with his parents before being jailed in connection with child support arrears .
After allegedly being beaten by guards , Mr. Armstrong lapsed into a coma and died this year .
Todd Eckert , who as president of PCAC also tried to help Mr. White , wants to know when divorced fathers are going to be treated with some more compassion .
" How many more fathers have to die ?
Here 's four kids now that will never see their father again . "
Adds Ms. Johnston , " Darrin was a kind and decent man .
Our daughter and myself will miss him very much . "
Police have fired a number of baton rounds after being attacked with petrol bombs by rioters in north Belfast .
More than 100 riot police were involved in an operation to remove nationalist protesters blocking the road ahead of an Orange Order march in Ardoyne .
A crowd threw petrol bombs , a blast bomb and other missiles at police .
A policewoman suffered head injuries during the violence , which Assistant Chief Constable Alistair Finlay described as " totally unacceptable " .
In a statement , he said the past 24 hours had been " a very challenging time for policing " .
The policewoman was struck on the head by debris thrown from the roof of the shops at about 2200 BST .
Police said they had to protect their injured colleague and ambulance crews from further missiles in Ardoyne as they tended to her , before she was taken to hospital .
The parade went by the flashpoint area at Ardoyne shops .
As it passed , stones and bottles were thrown .
The march was delayed for about 90 minutes because of the protests .
A heavy security presence remains in place in the area .
Tension
Sporadic trouble broke out in parts of Northern Ireland as Protestant Orangemen staged their annual parades .
On the eve of the marches , three police officers were shot during rioting .
The Twelfth of July is the annual high - point of the loyal orders ' parading calendar .
Some marches have been a source of tension between nationalists who see the parades as triumphalist and intimidating , and Orangemen who believe it is their right to walk on public roads .
On the Ormeau Road bridge in south Belfast , petrol bombs and paint were thrown at police on Monday evening .
A car was later set alight on the bridge .
A police spokesman said they were also dealing with minor disturbances on the Albertbridge Road and Short Strand area .
Elsewhere , police in riot gear responded to what a PSNI spokesperson described as " a major disturbance " at Botanic train station in south Belfast .
Dozens of police officers moved into the area after a disturbance on the platform .
Two men and a woman are to be reported to the Public Prosecution Service for alleged disorderly behaviour and assault on the police .
Hijacked
Image caption A car was set alight during the rioting in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast
In west Belfast on Monday afternoon , a bus driver was forced to drive to a police station by two masked men who claimed they had left a bomb on the upper deck .
It is understood the men boarded the bus at Glencolin Walk shortly before 1600 BST .
He drove the bus to Woodbourne police station .
Police later said the alert was a hoax .
In the north of the city , a number of cars were hijacked in the Oldpark Road area .
In Lurgan , County Armagh , youths halted a train in the Lake Street area at about 1630 BST and attempted to set it on fire , but the driver managed to restart the vehicle .
None of the 55 passengers on board the Belfast to Dublin are believed to have been injured .
A van was also hijacked in the area .
Later , police said they were dealing with sporadic violence in the town 's Antrim Road area , with petrol bombs being thrown at officers .
In Armagh city , police were investigating reports that a vehicle was set on fire on the Killylea Road and that a large number of youths had gathered in the area .
The fresh efforts to quiet him , Dr. Hansen said , began in a series of calls after a lecture he gave on Dec. 6 at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco .
In the talk , he said that significant emission cuts could be achieved with existing technologies , particularly in the case of motor vehicles , and that without leadership by the United States , climate change would eventually leave the earth " a different planet . "
The administration 's policy is to use voluntary measures to slow , but not reverse , the growth of emissions .
After that speech and the release of data by Dr. Hansen on Dec. 15 showing that 2005 was probably the warmest year in at least a century , officials at the headquarters of the space agency repeatedly phoned public affairs officers , who relayed the warning to Dr. Hansen that there would be " dire consequences " if such statements continued , those officers and Dr. Hansen said in interviews .
Among the restrictions , according to Dr. Hansen and an internal draft memorandum he provided to The Times , was that his supervisors could stand in for him in any news media interviews .
Mr. Acosta said the calls and meetings with Goddard press officers were not to introduce restrictions , but to review existing rules .
He said Dr. Hansen had continued to speak frequently with the news media .
But Dr. Hansen and some of his colleagues said interviews were canceled as a result .
In one call , George Deutsch , a recently appointed public affairs officer at NASA headquarters , rejected a request from a producer at National Public Radio to interview Dr. Hansen , said Leslie McCarthy , a public affairs officer responsible for the Goddard Institute .
Citing handwritten notes taken during the conversation , Ms. McCarthy said Mr. Deutsch called N.P.R. " the most liberal " media outlet in the country .
She said that in that call and others , Mr. Deutsch said his job was " to make the president look good " and that as a White House appointee that might be Mr. Deutsch 's priority .
