“ Jephthath ’s Sacrifice ” by Maciejowski ( c. 1250 )
​ Selling pot can now officially get you killed in Gaza City — by the government , that is .
Despite the area ’s proud tradition of fine hashish ( Blond Lebanese , anyone ? ) the Hamas - run government of Gaza has approved a law that will allow for the execution of “ convicted drug dealers , ” its attorney general said today , according to the Associated Press
The Islamist government ruling Gaza is taking a page from the tired old playbook of drug prohibitionists in America and worldwide — that imposing draconian sentences will reduce drug smuggling and discourage drug use .
The policy , in place for close to a century in many parts of the world , has proved to be a colossal failure .
Hamas has cracked down on drugs , saying it has arrested more than 100 drug dealers and users .
Dozens of pounds of contraband , mostly marijuana , have been seized .
Blithely undeterred by the facts , Gaza ’s attorney general blamed the Israeli government for not punishing potheads severely enough ( or killing them quickly enough ) .
If the intent is to prove governments in the Middle East can have drug policies even dumber than those of the United States , then mission accomplished !
I 'm not really clear on what is supposed to be the benefit of all these progressives announcing that unless health care passes they wo n't be voting for any Democrats .
Here 's the thing that Democrats just learned in Massachusetts : the base can't save you .
In the bluest of blue states , if you run with a progressive agenda and alienate moderates , those alienated moderates will join with the conservatives to kick you out of office .
Catering to the base is a losing strategy .
It 's all very well to say that they should man up and pass it anyway .
This is the sort of thing that sounds very well from the comfort of your living room .
But are you prepared to pledge that if health care reform passes , you 'll resign your job ?
Because that 's essentially what you 're asking them to do .
You might also consider that the voters you 're asking them to ignore are their constituents .
You know , the majority of the people in their district .
The people they ostensibly represent .
The people who consistently poll against the various health care plans on the table .
Yes , sometimes you should ignore your constituents because time is short and you have information and insight that they do n't .
But it is not obvious that these bills meet those conditions .
Obvious to you , maybe .
But not to the rest of us .
by Chris Dillow
The 193 governments that met at Copenhagen were unanimous about one proposition .
And it ’s a remarkable one – that whereas anarchy is a bad idea within national borders , it ’s a good idea across borders .
The anarchist says : “ We do n’t need government .
Private contractual agreements between individuals are sufficient . ”
No-one at Copenhagen agrees with this when they look within a national boundary .
But they all agree with it , when it comes to supra-national matters .
They think global government – in the sense of a coercive body standing above national governments – is inferior to agreements between national governments .
The failure to reach a meaningful agreement at Copenhagen , however , throws this view into question .
What I mean is that there are clear reasons why anarchy within borders is thought undesirable .
If laws could only be reached by the unanimous agreement of all individuals , the rich and powerful would only consent to be bound by them on terms onerous to the poor .
The problem of collective action means that people wo n’t agree to contribute to public goods , preferring that the cost of doing so falls upon someone else .
And on top of this is the sheer difficulty of getting lots of people to agree to anything .
However , all of these problems were evident at Copenhagen .
Which poses the challenge to the 193 governments : if anarchy is a bad idea at local levels , why is it a good idea at an international one ?
The question gains force from a key fact – people have evolved rules and institutions which can mitigate the problems of anarchy at local levels .
But Copenhagen shows that such institutions are , perhaps , weaker at supra-national levels .
So , what defence do the 193 governments have ?
It ’s not good enough to hide behind “ national sovereignty . ”
Why should this be a value , except insofar as it ecompasses individuals ’ autonomy and self - determination – which , for countless governments , it does not ?
The only answer can be that the costs of global government ( within limited domains such as climate policy and protecting human rights ) outweigh the benefits .
Such an argument can be made by global warming sceptics .
But is it really tenable for those who claim that climate change poses “ unacceptable risks ” to the planet ?
Audi's all - new Multi Media Interface – Click above for high - res image gallery
Naturally , Audi and NVIDIA are touting both systems ' ability to enable a rich user experience while minimizing driver distractions .
That 's great in and of itself , but we were more interested in how the upgraded system performed .
The 3G MMI experience is buttery smooth , whether scrolling around the Strip from above or zooming out to get a satellite view of the nation .
The default view is an isometric perspective that , up - close , includes 3D representations of buildings .
Back it up a bit and the buildings go flat and the terrain and coloring take center stage .
The tweaks to the interface are minor compared to the earlier versions , with the same iDrive - style dial flanked by four buttons , along with a " Return " button below and rows of buttons on either side to toggle through functions .
A small joystick built into the top of the knob is new and allows the user to scroll through the navigation system and other screens .
Although the MMI stands in good stead compared to other luxo - wart operated systems , we 're not so sure about the new joystick .
The position on top of the dial is less than optimal and not particularly intuitive ; we 'd prefer the dial to move side - to - side rather than fumbling with a little thumbstick .
Thankfully , Audi seems to realize this , ditching the joystick for the 2011 A8 and replacing it with a small touchpad .
You can use this to type in numbers , scroll across maps and even write letters using character recognition .
The rest of the physical interface is much the same , with the major change being Google Earth integration , providing a satellite view and a much nicer looking interface .
The system pulls data through an integrated modem , either using a SIM card inserted into the dash or by cloning the owners ' phone ( in the European market ) .
Exactly what Audi will do in the U.S. remains to be seen , but the hope is something similarly straightforward will be available to avoid additional monthly data fees .
Overall , the experience on either system is impressive .
The screens load and display quickly , and scrolling around the 3D map shows off the NVIDIA Tegra chipset 's added oomph .
Unfortunately the truly good stuff is only hitting the flagship A8 and not until later this year , but it 's sure to filter throughout the range in due time .
Turkey Objects to Assyrian Genocide Monument in Australia
Fairfield , Australia ( AINA ) --
A proposed Assyrian genocide monument has drawn the Turkish government into the debate .
The monument , proposed to the NSW Parliament by MP Ninos Khoshaba , would honor the Assyrian victims of genocide in the 20th century , particularly the Turkish genocide of Assyrians in World War One , in which 750,000 ( 75 % )
Assyrians were killed between 1915 and 1918 , as well as Armenians and Greeks , and the massacre of 3000 Assyrians in Simmele , Iraq in August , 1933 .
Read the official monument proposal here .
Turkey 's Consul General in Australia , Mr. Renan Sekeroglu , has expressed opposition to the erection of the monument and denied the genocide of Assyrians in World War One .
Mr. Sekeroglu conceded there were " tragedies " on " both " sides during that period .
Speaking to SBS Radio , Mr. Sekeroglu said " I am afraid that if such proposals bear fruit then it will create a climate of hostility and it will also contradict the environment of historically friendly relations between Turkey and Australia " .
Mr. Sekeroglu said he will lodge an objection to the proposed genocide monument with the Fairfield Council .
A spokesman for the Fairfield Council said the Council is " ... taking into consideration all angles before making a decision on the 4.5 meters sculpture that looks like a hand holding up the globe . "
The Council will vote on the monument on December 15 .
This is not an idle concern , or merely fodder for science fiction -- like Logan 's Run , in which they not only do n't distrust people of 30 , they kill them , or Soylent Green , in which the dead become food .
In the real world , policy makers are increasingly concerned about whether we can afford our aging population .
The baby boomers , of which I am a proud charter member , were born between 1946 and 1960 .
During this period -- all those GIs back from World War II -- the U.S. fertility rate was twice its 20th century average .
Today we constitute almost one - quarter of the population .
In 2006 , Social Security cost us about 4.2 percent of the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) --$ 554 billion .
By only 2030 , it will grow , as a percentage of GDP , by 50 percent to 6.2 percent .
And it will keep rising .
Sooner than that -- if nothing changes -- by 2017 , payroll taxes will collect less for Social Security than it needs to pay out .
Medicare , which pays for the health care of 43 million aging or disabled Americans , potentially faces an even more dire future .
Today , Medicare is a $ 230 billion annual program - - about 3 percent of GDP .
But by 2018 , Medicare will cost more than Social Security .
This is not an impossible problem .
In the U.S. , if we can develop the political will to increase taxes , for example , we could sustain Medicare and Social Security well into the 22nd century .
Currently , the payroll tax of 6.2 percent is imposed on only the first $ 106,800 of income .
Simply raising this income cap , says Stephen Gross , the Social Security Administration 's chief actuary , could -- depending on benefit increases -- cover 93 percent of the current shortfall or even produce a surplus over the next 75 years .
Alternatively , if 60 is the new 50 , we could help solve this problem by putting the money where our mouths are , by raising the eligibility age .
When Social Security was enacted in the 1930s , the average U.S. life expectancy was less than 65 .
Far fewer people were expected to live to collect the benefit , or to live for decades beyond 65 as millions do today .
Raising the age to 70 , by one estimate , would not totally eliminate the projected shortfall , but eliminate more than third of it -- by 36 percent .
Similar , although not identical , considerations apply to Medicare .
If we rose the eligibility age without providing any additional access to medical insurance , it could actually increase costs with more people flooding expensive emergency rooms .
But raising taxes -- according to most scenarios -- would cover projected shortfalls from our current tax structure .
Other countries -- particularly other advanced countries that have a more developed social welfare system than we do -- face potentially greater crises .
Even though Europeans with more munificent social welfare programs pay more taxes , the U.S. is not at the same disadvantage when it comes to population demographics .
We continue to have a fertility rate that allows us to maintain or even increase our population , providing more folks to pay for my retirement .
The replacement fertility rate -- that needed to keep the current population stable -- is 2.1 lifetime births per woman .
The U.S. , with a fertility rate of 2.1 , is one of the few industrialized nations above the replacement rate .
If we add to that , immigrants - - both legal and undocumented , who pay taxes too -- we have less of a problem than some of our competitors .
Contrast that to European countries .
You might think it 's only the godless Scandinavians who have low birth rates , but the godless Italians and Spaniards predominate here .
Paradoxically , these Catholic countries have the two lowest fertility rates in the world , only a bit more than one child per woman at 1.2 .
Having the Pope in your backyard or being the home of the Inquisition does n't seem to count for much these days .
It 's possible that in their preindustrial , agrarian , eras having many children were needed for labor intensive farm work , and were seen as a kind of old - age insurance in the absence of government or private pension .
Today , the higher taxes that fund social welfare programs may be a deterrent to the affordability of more than one child .
In Scandinavian countries , which have a higher fertility rate , although still below the replacement level , the higher level of benefits may be less of a deterrent to having more children .
To offset this problem , Italy has enacted a cash benefit of 1,000 Euros for women who have a second child .
In Japan , which has a replacement birth rate of only 1.37 , the new government plans to pay families $ 237 each month per child until they reach the age of 12 .
Such policies are quite different from China , which penalizes families who have more than one child , or poor countries that continue to have high fertility rates , and wish they had the demographic problems of either the U.S. or China .
In the U.S. , Europe , and Japan , these demographic considerations , at bottom , require only a bit of not too painful tweaking of benefits via retirement age , tax rates , or benefits for fertility .
But what if science advanced to the point where life expectancy took a quantum leap or we became immortal ?
How would we cope with all those 200 and 300 - year - old people ?
In a previous post , " Will A Quantum Leap In Longevity Make Us Paranoid ? "
I wondered whether an indefinite life expectancy would make us over protective of a commodity -- longevity -- which would greatly increase in perceived value .
I pointed to Isaac Asimov 's fictional planet , Solaria , in which restrictions were placed on fertility , robots did all the work , and people lived in reclusive , protective isolation .
Psychological consequences aside , Leonid Gavrilov , in " Demographic consequences of defeating aging , " ( presented at the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence Conference , Queens ' College , Cambridge , England , September , 2009 ) asks : " Is it possible to have a sustainable population dynamics in a future hypothetical non-aging society ? "
In computer simulations , Gavrilov concluded that " population changes are surprisingly slow in their response to a dramatic life extension .
For example , we applied the cohort - component method of population projections to 2005 Swedish population for several scenarios of life extension and a fertility schedule observed in 2005 .
Even for very long 50 - year horizon , with the most radical life extension scenario ( assuming no aging at all after age 50 ) , the total population increases by 35 percent only ( from 9.1 to 13.3 million ) . "
Paradoxically , the population might even decline " if some members of the society reject to use new anti-aging technologies for some religious or any other reasons ( inconvenience , non-compliance , of side effects , costs , etc. ) . "
Immortal parents , if they had only one child per couple , would double the population over time .
The population would not grow infinitely .
" In other words , a population of immortal reproducing organisms can grow indefinitely in time , but not necessarily indefinitely in size , because asymptotic growth is possible , " Gavrilov said in an interview with Rejuvenation Research ( Volume 12 , Number 5 , 2009 ) .
" The startling conclusion is that fears of overpopulation based on lay common sense and uneducated are , in fact , grossly exaggerated . "
He adds : " In brief , we found that defeating aging , the joy of , and sustainable
population size are not mutually exclusive .
This is an important point , because it can change the current public perception that life extension necessarily leads to overpopulation . "
Of course , one person 's under population may be another demographer 's nightmare .
A doubling of the population would require commensurate increases in to sustain a reasonable quality of living .
But if we were immortal -- something I do n't expect in my own lifetime , although I might wish it on my children who could be saying either " poor , mortal dad " or " I 'm bored " centuries from now -- we would save all those trillions on what would be a useless Medicare program .
We might have to spend some of those trillions on safety since immunity from aging and disease wo n't protect you from wrapping your car around a tree on the side of an icy road .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
My book , Nasty , Brutish , and Long : Adventures in Old Age and the World of Eldercare ( Avery / Penguin , 2009 ) provides a unique , insider 's perspective on aging in America .
It is an account of my work as a psychologist in nursing homes , the story of to my frail , elderly parents -- all to th accompaniment of ruminations on my own mortality .
Thomas Lynch , author of The Undertaking calls it " A book for policy makers , caregivers , the halt and lame , the upright and unemcumbered : anyone who ever intends to get old . "
True to an ignoble tradition of lending its " authoritative " front page to promote psychiatry ’s most radical experimental approaches to dealing with patients disabled by mental illness , today ’s front and center article in The New York Times , " Surgery for Mental Ills Offers Both Hope and Risk , " by Benedict Carey , sends an optimistic positive spin on psychiatry ’s current spade of experimental brain surgeries .
A large photograph–rather than compelling evidence–attempts to lend the story significance .
The article acknowledges that the new surgeries are not backed by new scientific evidence of their benefit to justify the serious risks involved :
" The great promise of neuroscience at the end of the last century was that it would revolutionize the treatment of psychiatric problems .
But the first real application of advanced brain science is not novel at all .
It is a precise , sophisticated version of an old and controversial approach : psychosurgery , in which doctors operate directly on the brain . "
Indeed , Paul Root Wolpe , a medical ethicist at Emory University , acknowledges the high risk experimental procedures that patients are being put through :
“ We have this idea — it ’s almost a fetish — that progress is its own justification , that if something is promising , then how can we not rush to relieve suffering ? ”
But , Dr. Wolpe reminds readers , " It was not so long ago , he noted , that doctors considered the frontal lobotomy a major advance — only to learn that the operation left thousands of patients with irreversible brain damage .
Many promising medical ideas have run aground , and that ’s why we have to move very cautiously . ”
Despite " large gaps " in the neurosurgeons ’ understanding of the brain circuits they are operating on , several surgeries are currently being promoted :
cingulotomy , capsulotomy , brain stimulation ( DBS ) , and radiation ( gamma knife surgery )
–all pose high risk for patients with little demonstrable evidence of success .
In cingulotomy , doctors drill into the skull and thread wires into an area of the brain called the anterior cingulate .
" There they pinpoint and destroy pinches of tissue that lie along a circuit in each hemisphere that connects deeper , emotional centers of the brain to areas of the frontal cortex , where conscious planning is centered . "
" This circuit appears to be hyperactive in people with severe O.C.D. , and imaging studies suggest that the surgery quiets that activity . "
The evidence to justify the risks does not exist : neurosurgeons proceed on what " appears " and imaging studies that " suggest " but do not demonstrate .
In capsulotomy , " surgeons go deeper , into an area called the internal capsule , and burn out spots in a circuit also thought to be overactive . "
Surgeons who perform DBS , sink wires into the brain but leave them in place .
" A pacemaker - like device sends a current to the electrodes , apparently interfering with circuits thought to be hyperactive in people with obsessive - compulsive disorder ( and also those with severe depression ) .
The current can be turned up , down or off , so deep brain stimulation is adjustable and , to some extent , reversible . "
In the technique described in the Times article , called gamma knife surgery ,
" Doctors place the patient in an M.R.I. - like machine that sends beams of radiation into the skull .
The beams pass through the brain without causing damage , except at the point where they converge .
There they burn out spots of brain tissue … "
Underscoring the danger these latest neurosurgical procedures pose , Dr. Darin D. Dougherty , director of the division of neurotherapeutics at Massachusetts General Hospital and an associate professor of psychiatry at Harvard , put it more bluntly .
" Given the history of failed techniques , like frontal lobotomy , if this effort somehow goes wrong , it ’ll shut down this approach for another hundred years . ”
The evidence , from a small long - term follow - up study , reported by the respected Swedish Karolinska Institute in the Archives of General Psychiatry , [ 1 ] found that 50 % of 25 patients treated with any of the commonly used surgeries for OCD , showed that response rates did not differ significantly between surgical methods .
" Only 3 patients were in remission without adverse effects at long - term follow - up . "
" One of the 9 patients undergoing radiosurgery ( patient 20 ) developed a right - sided radiation necrosis with subsequent apathy , memory problems , and executive dysfunction .
Another ( patient 10 ) developed a brain edema that reached its peak size 1 year after surgery ; the patient was hospitalized with symptoms of apathy , incontinence , and seizures .
At long - term follow - up , urinary incontinence , apathy , and executive problems persisted .
In both cases , complications may have been caused by too high a radiation dose .
Another patient who underwent multiple thermocapsulotomies ( patient 8 ) had persistent urinary incontinence at long - term follow - up .
Symptoms of apathy and poor self - control for years afterward . "
" A mean weight gain of 6 kg was reported in the first postoperative year .
Ten patients were considered to have significant problems with executive functioning , apathy , or disinhibition .
Six of these 10 patients had received high doses of radiation or had undergone multiple surgical procedures . "
Conclusions : " Capsulotomy is effective in reducing OCD symptoms .
There is a substantial risk of adverse effects , and the risk may vary between surgical methods .
Our findings suggest that smaller lesions are safer and that high radiation doses and multiple procedures should be avoided . "
The invariably positive claims made by proponents of neurosurgery are likely explained by the inherent bias of these stakeholders .
As Dr. Christian Ruck , the lead author of the Swedish paper , published in the Archives of General Psychiatry correctly notes :
" An inherent problem in most research is that innovation is driven by groups that believe in their method , thus introducing bias that is almost impossible to avoid . "
So why , did the New York Times once again , see fit to publicize admittedly high risk , radical surgical procedures that demonstrably cause at least half of the patients serious long - term debilitating adverse effects that undermine their quality of life ? [ 2 ]
** The answer to that question comes to us from an expert academic in the field :
" Because psychiatry is the religion of modern America , and as faith in psychiatry has eroded lately , our thought leaders are dredging up old psychiatric idols who might re-energize the faithful … "
Reference :
1. Christian Rück , MD , PhD ; Andreas Karlsson , MS ; J. Douglas Steele , MD , PhD , MRCPsych ; Gunnar Edman , PhD ; Björn A. Meyerson , MD , PhD ; Kaj Ericson , MD , PhD ; Håkan Nyman , PhD ; Marie Åsberg , MD , PhD ; Pär Svanborg , MD , PhD
Capsulotomy for Obsessive - Compulsive Disorder : Long - term Follow - up of 25 Patients
Arch Gen Psychiatry .
2008;65(8):914-921 .
2. See NYT Archive on psychosurgery :
For example , in 1948 , the Times reported : " A revolutionary discovery about mental illness , which has already resulted in surgical cures with no apparent ill effects for a group of asylum inmates who had been considered hopelessly insane , was revealed to a specially called meeting at the New York Society of Neuro - surgery yesterday . "
SURGERY RESTORES ‘INCURABLY ’ INSANE : Revolutionary Brain Operation Called Topectomy Removes Tissues in Certain Areas Mar 19 , 1948 .
Posted by Vera Hassner Sharav
What was done
A new tree - ring width data set was derived from 14 white spruce chronologies obtained from the Seward Peninsula , Alaska , covering the years 1358 - 2001 .
The Seward data were then combined with additional tree - ring width chronologies from northwest Alaska to produce two versions of a much longer data series that extended all the way back to 978 AD .
The first chronology was created using traditional methods of standardization ( STD ) , which do not perform well in capturing multi-decadal or longer climate cycles , while the second chronology utilized the regional curve standardization ( RCS ) method , which better preserves low - frequency variations at multi-decadal time scales and longer .
What was learned
Analysis of the Seward Peninsula chronology revealed a general warming at the start of the record in 1358 that continued until the mid-1500s , whereupon cold conditions set in and prevailed until the end of the 17th century .
Near 1700 there was another pronounced increase in temperature to the highest levels in the record after which the temperature fell to the coldest point in the record around 1780 .
Modest warming returned thereafter and temperatures remained relatively average for most of the 20th century .
There was a slight warming in the 1950s , but the authors note that it was " not unusual relative to other above - average periods in these records . "
With respect to the STD and RCS chronologies , each of them revealed , in the words of D'Arrigo et al. , " several intervals of persistent above - average growth that broadly coincide with the timing of the late Medieval Warm Period . "
However , the warming is much more pronounced in the RCS chronology , where the greatest warmth occurred in the early to middle 1200s , with lesser peaks in the early to middle 1100s and early 1400s .
In addition , the severe cold of the Little Ice Age is more pronounced and of longer duration in the RCS chronology , where it occurred between about 1500 and 1700 .
What it means
The three chronologies of this study provide further evidence for natural climate fluctuations on centennial - to - millennial time scales , capturing the temperature oscillations that produced the Medieval Warm Period ( 11 - 13th centuries ) , Little Medieval Warm Period ( 1350 - 1450 ) , and Little Ice Age ( 1500 - 1700 ) .
What the records fail to do is provide evidence for what climate alarmists call unprecedented warmth in the last decade of the 20th century .
Quite to the contrary , in fact , the northwest Alaska temperatures of the last four decades have actually hovered around the long - term average .
( h/t CSPAN Junkie )
Without one Republican vote , the House passed a deeply flawed bill that attempts to control the excesses of the financial services industry - while also letting them escalate many of the same crazy practices that led to this crisis .
The Republicans , of course , thought the bill was too stringent .
The good news is that authorization for the Consumer Financial Protection Agency is included , and now the fight moves to the Senate :
Dec. 11 ( Bloomberg ) -- The U.S. House voted to tighten rules for derivatives and create powers to break apart healthy financial firms that threaten the economy in legislation passed today over objections of Wall Street and Republicans .
Lawmakers voted 223-202 to set up a Consumer Financial Protection Agency , expand oversight of hedge funds and build a $ 150 billion industry fund the government would use to take apart failed systemically risky firms .
The House failed to add language letting bankruptcy judges reset mortgage terms , known as a “ cram - down . ”
The focus now shifts to the Senate , where lawmakers lack a schedule for action on a bill .
“ We are sending a clear message to Wall Street :
The party is over , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said at a news conference after the vote .
The measure is central to lawmakers ’ effort to end rescues of firms deemed too big to fail , which led to bailouts of New York - based American International Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc .
The banking industry and the nation ’s biggest business lobby fought to scale back the legislation .
Republicans called the bill a permanent government bailout and 27 Democrats joined to vote against the measure .
“ The free market , particularly when it ’s in an innovative phase , works best with a fairly defined set of rules , and that ’s what we ’ve done , ” House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat who offered the legislation , said today at the news conference .
A lawyer with the skills and experience you need when facing the fight of your life
When you are arrested and charged with a criminal offense , the consequences you face can be severe .
Depending on the charges , you could be looking at expensive fines , months in jail or years in prison .
In addition to criminal penalties , you could lose your driver ’s license or a professional license , and your ability to get or keep a good job .
Persons convicted of crimes in Arizona soon find out how that conviction impacts every area of their life , from where they can live and work to their reputation in the neighborhood , community and even their relationships with friends and families .
You owe it to yourself and your loved ones to take any criminal charge seriously and secure the best legal representation you can get .
At Blumberg & Associates , you ’ll find the representation you need to get the best outcome available in your Arizona criminal law matter .
We believe every person accused of a crime deserves fair treatment and effective defense by a skilled and knowledgeable criminal defense lawyer .
Phoenix criminal attorney Bruce Blumberg is a Board - Certified Criminal Law Specialist with over 30 years of experience practicing criminal law in Arizona .
In that time , he has handled every type of felony and misdemeanor case , including over 100 jury trials and innumerable bench ( non-jury ) trials .
He has won a tremendous number of jury trials and obtained acquittals in more than 25 serious felonies .
Bruce ’s experience and success in criminal defense are virtually unmatched in the state of Arizona .
At Blumberg & Associates , we apply our knowledge , skills , experience and dedication toward achieving a favorable result in your criminal case .
We work hard to resolve your case pre-trial wherever possible , including getting the prosecutor or judge to dismiss or reduce the charges or secure probation , diversion or some other desirable outcome .
If your case ca n’t be resolved pre-trial , you are in the hands of one of Arizona ’s most experienced and successful criminal law trial litigators .
Whether facing a judge or jury trial , Blumberg & Associates is devoted to obtaining an acquittal or not guilty verdict or helping you avoid mandatory sentences and the most serious consequences of a criminal conviction in Arizona .
Non -geeks like to make jokes about what an unsexy hobby comic - book reading is , but have these people read a comic lately ?
Last year , I flipped through a Justice League of America issue and stumbled across a scene of Hawk Girl and Red Arrow engaged in one hell of a team - up .
Some of those panels will send the unsuspecting reader scrambling for a bucket of cold water .
Which brings me to that dream sequence scene of my favorite Amazon making out with the original Batman in Wonder Woman Blackest Night # 2 .
Yes , I know it was all in Diana ’s mind as she fought the influence of the Black Lantern ring , and that Bruce Wayne is currently “ dead . ”
But these two have long been my comic fantasy couple , which made that panel of them smooching , at least for me , the equivalent of geek - girl soft porn .
The Thursday morning - after analysis with V. went thusly :
V : “ Did you see how they were standing with his leg between hers ?
Girl , it was kinda dirty . ”
Me : “ Oh , it would be dirty .
With Batman ?
Definitely . ”
It went downhill from there with inappropriate comments about utility belts .
Anyway , the moment would n’t have been nearly as thrilling if Diana had been dreaming of , say , Hal Jordan .
There ’s a reason that writers — including those behind the excellent “ Justice League ” and “ Justice League Unlimited ” cartoons — have played with the idea of a romantic spark between Batman and Wonder Woman over the years .
They ’ve got a couple of important things in common :
While Wonder Woman is motivated by her love of humanity , ultimately , she ’s all about getting the job done .
In her own way , she ’s every bit as tenacious and mission - driven as Batman is .
( Maybe moreso .
Wonder Woman put the drop on Maxwell Lord , something Batman has never been able to do with all - too - deserving villains like the Joker . )
Then there ’s the privilege factor .
They ’re not exactly equals —
Diana is blessed by deities , after all — but the two share the experience of having extraordinary backgrounds .
Diana is a princess , and as the billionaire prince of Gotham City , Bruce certainly qualifies as American royalty .
For obvious reasons , neither would expect the other to be home by 5 p.m. with dinner waiting .
The theory that Batman is incapable of having a decent relationship is valid , but I ’m not sure I buy it .
He may be a brooding asshole with intimacy issues , but he ’s still a man .
Somehow , I doubt he ’d turn down an opportunity to be with someone as formidable , wise and drop - dead beautiful as Wonder Woman .
Given Bruce ’s sketchy romantic track record — Catwoman , Talia al - Ghul , Jezebel Jet — it ’s way past time for him to go legit in the dating department .
And really , who better than Wonder Woman to try breaking through all those layers of Kevlar and mistrust ?
If she could n’t do it , no one could .
So let ’s bring the teasing to an end once and for all , DC .
When Mr. Wayne returns from the great beyond , he and Diana are overdue for a little trip to Paradise Island , if you know what I ’m saying .
Tuesday afternoon , January 12th , the worst earthquake in 200 years - 7.0 in magnitude - struck less than ten miles from the Caribbean city of Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
The initial quake was later followed by twelve aftershocks greater than magnitude 5.0 .
Structures of all kinds were damaged or collapsed , from shantytown homes to national landmarks .
It is still very early in the recovery effort , but millions are likely displaced , and thousands are feared dead as rescue teams from all over the world are now descending on Haiti to help where they are able .
As this is a developing subject , I will be adding photos to this entry over the next few days , but at the moment , here is a collection of photos from Haiti over the past 24 hours .
[ See also Haiti 48 hours later ] . ( 48 photos total
Ditch the dog ; throw away ( sorry , recycle ) those takeaway menus ; bin bottled water ; get rid of that gas - guzzling car and forget flying to far - flung places .
These are just some of the sacrifices we in the West will need to make if we are to survive climate change .
The stark warning comes from the renowned Worldwatch Institute , a Washington - based organisation regarded as the world 's pre-eminent environmental think tank .
Its State of the World 2010 report published this week outlines a blueprint for changing our entire way of life .
" Preventing the collapse of human civilisation requires nothing less than a wholesale transformation of dominant cultural patterns .
This transformation would reject consumerism ... and establish in its place a new cultural framework centred on sustainability , " states the report .
" Habits that are firmly set – from where people live to what they eat – will all need to be altered and in many cases simplified or minimised ...
From Earth 's perspective , the American or even the European way of life is simply not viable . "
Nobel prize winner and microfinance expert Muhammad Yunus , writing in the foreword , describes the report as calling for " one of the greatest cultural shifts imaginable : from cultures of consumerism to cultures of sustainability " .
Almost seven billion people are demanding ever greater quantities of material resources , decimating the world 's richest ecosystems , and dumping billions of tons of heat - trapping gases into the atmosphere .
And any actions taken by governments , or scientific advances to deal with climate change , are doomed to failure unless individuals get back to a basic way of life , concludes the report – which recommends things like borrowing books and toys from libraries instead of buying them , choosing public transport over the car , and growing food in community gardens .
In addition , all products should be designed to last a lifetime and be completely recyclable .
A seismic shift in thinking is needed , according to senior researcher Erik Assadourian , project director of the report : " Making policy and technology changes while keeping cultures centred on consumerism and growth can only go so far .
To thrive long into the future , human societies must shift their cultures so sustainability becomes the norm . "
But the report 's findings were attacked last night by Dr Benny Peiser , director of the Global Warming Policy Foundation .
" Let 's face it , by 2050 , the combined population of China and India alone will have grown to three billion .
By then , most Chinese and Indians will have adopted an urban lifestyle .
This ... makes demands for radical curbs in consumerism and CO2 emissions utterly unrealistic . "
After more than 20 years of writing Thanksgiving turkey recipes , I thought I had seen it all .
And then came the “ Judy Bird . ”
Inspired by the chicken - cooking technique of my friend Judy Rodgers , chef and owner at San Francisco ’s Zuni Cafe , it could n’t be simpler :
You just salt the turkey a few days in advance , give it a brisk massage every so often to redistribute the salt , and then roast it .
The results are phenomenal .
Without the fuss and mess of wet - brining , you still get the deep , well - seasoned flavor .
And while wet - brining can sometimes lead to a slightly spongy texture , with dry - brining , the bird stays firm and meaty .
Advertisement
It has become a holiday staple for many of our readers , so we ’re reprising it again this year .
Click here for the recipe for dry - brined turkey , a.k.a. ‘ the Judy Bird . ’
To find out just how well it would work , The Times ’
Test Kitchen tested this method two years ago against three other turkey recipes we ’d used successfully in the past : steam - roasting ( cooking in an old - fashioned covered roaster ) , high - heat roasting ( cooking the bird as you would a chicken , from start to finish at 400 degrees ) , and the aforementioned wet - brining ( soaking the turkey in a saltwater solution for several days before roasting ) .
I wish everyone who had ever told me that “ turkey is turkey ” could have been there for the judging .
These were remarkably different birds , and the clear winner was the dry - salted Judy Bird .
Video : Food editor Russ Parsons shows you how to carve the turkey .
Our readers clearly agreed .
The first week the recipe ran , I received more than 200 e-mails about it , many of them saying it was the best bird they ’d ever cooked .
Already this holiday season , I ’ve gotten more than 30 e-mails from readers who saw the recipe at latimes.com / food .
This turkey technique has legs too : Several major food magazines have since done their own versions .
Advertisement
What makes this turkey so great ?
It ’s pretty simple , really :
The salt draws moisture from the meat , but then the meat reabsorbs the liquid .
So in effect , you ’re brining the turkey in its own juices .
There have been some questions about the process .
* No , the turkey is not salty .
In the first place , you season it only lightly , about a tablespoon of salt for every 5 pounds of turkey -- that ’s only a little more than if you were seasoning it normally .
Then the saltiness is further reduced because the seasoning is absorbed through the meat rather than remaining on the surface as it normally would .
This is also why you do n’t need to rinse or brush the salt from the skin before roasting -- there should n’t be any there .
* Yes , you can shorten the salting period .
The technique is best if you allow three days for salting and then half a day of air - drying outside the bag in the refrigerator .
That half - day is mainly to thoroughly dry the skin so it browns and crisps nicely during roasting .
If you ’re pressed for time , you can simply pat the skin dry with a towel .
If absolutely necessary , you can even shorten the salting period to two days , although the seasoning wo n’t be quite as effective .
Advertisement
* If you normally stuff your turkey , you can continue to do that , just salt the stuffing a little less than you normally would .
( This is a major difference from wet - brining , which does make stuffing too salty . )
Be aware , though , that food safety experts recommend cooking stuffing to a temperature of 160 degrees in the center , at which point the breast meat will probably be around 180 degrees and starting to dry out .
But if that has n’t bothered you in the past , this recipe will be no different .
* By the same token , neither are the pan drippings so salty that you ca n’t make gravy from them .
But you will want to add salt just to taste and only at the very end .
* You do n’t need to do anything different during the cooking ; this technique changes only the seasoning .
* If the turkey is n’t quite as brown as you ’d like it , you can return the oven temperature to 450 degrees for the last 20 minutes of roasting for better color .
Do n’t brown for too long or the breast meat will dry out .
Advertisement
* You can adapt this technique to a turkey breast , using the same proportion of salt to weight and roasting the breast as you normally would .
* The one issue still unresolved is whether you can use this technique if you ’re starting with a frozen bird .
Theoretically , the answer is yes .
But since we still have n’t tried that variation in the Test Kitchen , our recommendation is to start with a fresh turkey .
Parsons is a Times staff writer .
russ.parsons@latimes.com
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s approval rating has dropped to a new low as Californians continue to worry about the economy and the state ’s dismal finances , according to a new poll by the Public Policy Institute of California .
The poll found that just 27 % of Californians approve of the job the governor is doing -- a career low for Schwarzenegger in the institute 's surveys .
The Legislature also remains unpopular , with approval from just 17 % of Californians , matching a record low in July .
More than 60 % of respondents said the economy and jobs topped their list of concerns .
State budget problems were the second most cited worry , with 13 % calling the budget the most important issue facing the state .
Answering a separate question , 88 % said the state ’s budget situation was a big problem .
The poll also asked about the 2010 gubernatorial race .
Most people indicated that they were paying little attention to it and had scant enthusiasm for the candidates .
Only 10 % of likely voters were closely following the race , the survey found , and only 32 % were satisfied with their choice of candidates .
The front - runner in the GOP primary is former EBay Chief Executive Meg Whitman , with 32 % of likely primary voters favoring her .
Former Rep. Tom Campbell had support from 12 % of likely GOP voters , and state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner had 8 % support .
The front - runner on the Democratic side is state Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown , who has no major competition for the nomination .
In a potential November match - up , Brown led Whitman among all likely voters , 43 % to 37 % .
The institute surveyed 2,004 adults by telephone .
The margin of error is plus or minus 2 percentage points .
-- Evan Halper in Sacramento
On Tuesday , hacker Samy Kamkar demonstrated a way to identify a browser 's geographical location by exploiting weaknesses in many WiFi routers .
Now , he 's back with a simple method to penetrate hardware firewalls using little more than some javascript embedded in a webpage .
By luring victims to a malicious link , the attacker can access virtually any service on their machine , even when it 's behind certain routers that automatically block it to the outside world .
The method has been tested on a Belkin N1 Vision Wireless router , and Kamkar says he suspects other devices are also vulnerable .
" What this means is I can penetrate their firewall / router and connect to the port that I specified , even though the firewall should never forward that port , " Kamkar told El Reg .
" This defeats that security by visiting a simple web page .
No authentication , XSS , user input , etc. is required . "
Kamkar 's proof - of - concept page forces the visitor to submit a hidden form on port 6667 , the standard port for internet relay chat .
Using a hidden value , the form surreptitiously coerces the victim to establish a DCC , or direct client - to - client , connection .
Vulnerable routers will then automatically forward DCC traffic to the victim 's internal system , and using what 's known as NAT traversal an attacker can access any port that 's open on the local system .
For the hack to work , the visitor must have an application such as file transfer protocol or session initiation protocol running on his machine .
The hack does n't guarantee an attacker will be able to compromise that service , but it does give the attacker the ability to probe it in the hope of finding a weak password or a vulnerability that will expose data or system resources .
" Most people have this false sense of security that ' well , I 'm behind my router , nobody can connect to my ports , ' " said Kamkar , the hacker behind the notorious Samy Worm that in 2005 took MySpace out of commission by adding more than 1 million friends to the author 's account .
" If you 're going to keep a service open to the world , you 'll probably have more upkeep " to make sure it 's secure .
The problem is a hard one to solve , since NAT , short for network address translation , is included in many routers to give users a seamless experience when accessing a host of internet - based services and applications .
The use of a software - based firewall on the client will help , but Kamkar warned that even then some ports may be accessible .
While Kamkar 's proof - of - concept requires users to press a submit button , he said it 's trivial to use javascript so no interaction is required after the page is visited .
Kamkar said he based his attack on IRC because many versions of Linux used to run routers support the protocol by default .
He 's based similar attacks on file transfer protocol and had success with both the Belkin and Airport Extreme routers and believes other services such SIP may work on those routers as well as other devices .
Your reporter was unable to get the IRC attack to work on a Netopia 3347 - 02 , so mileage obviously varies .
We 're interested in hearing from Reg readers about what other routers are vulnerable .
To test whether the attack can pierce your firewall , visit this page and specify the port of a service that 's already running on your system . ®
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez addresses lawmakers during his annual report to the National Assembly in Caracas January 15 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Miraflores Palace / Handout
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez on Sunday accused the United States of using the earthquake in Haiti as a pretext to occupy the devastated Caribbean country and offered to send fuel from his OPEC nation .
“ I read that 3,000 soldiers are arriving , Marines armed as if they were going to war .
There is not a shortage of guns there , my God .
Doctors , medicine , fuel , field hospitals , that ’s what the United States should send , ” Chavez said on his weekly television show .
“ They are occupying Haiti undercover . ”
“ On top of that , you do n’t see them in the streets .
Are they picking up bodies ?
...
Are they looking for the injured ?
You do n’t see them .
I have n’t seen them .
Where are they ? ”
Chavez promised to send as much gasoline as Haiti needs for electricity generation and transport .
A perennial foe of U.S. “ imperialism , ” Chavez said he did not wish to diminish the humanitarian effort made by the United States and was only questioning the need for so many troops .
The United States is sending more than 5,000 Marines and soldiers to Haiti , and a hospital ship is due to arrive later this week .
The country ’s president said U.S. troops would help keep order on Haiti ’s increasingly lawless streets .
Venezuela has sent several planes to Haiti with doctors , aid and some soldiers .
A Russia -Venezuela mission was set to leave Venezuela on Monday carrying aid on Russian planes .
Chavez said Venezuela ’s planes were the first to land in Haiti after Tuesday ’s 7.0 magnitude earthquake , which wrecked the capital Port - Au - Prince and killed as many as 200,000 people .
Monday ’s episode of No Reservations will cover Istanbul ( see preview footage of Tony ’s wacky cabbie ) , and with black - market mussels , lamb ’s head , and some meat on a stick that Tony calls “ a throbbing missile of love ” , it promises to be a good one .
But we still just want to know where this season will take him in New York .
So far , we have no further information about the “ Obsessed ” episode that takes place , in part , at Minetta Tavern , but the Travel Channel just sent us an exclusive recap of the Hudson Valley episode .
If you ’re looking to take a road trip on this long MLK weekend , Tony ’s suggestions may prove useful .
See you Tuesday !
Only sixty or so miles up the Hudson River from Manhattan , but worlds different , the Hudson Valley is a luscious land bursting with flowering plants , bountiful trees , and teeming waters , not to mention a land rich with history .
In September of 1609 , Henry Hudson was searching for a path to China , but Tony ’s aspirations are much lower .
He ’s in search of , well , the usual — good food , good drink , and good people .
We first find Tony lounging rather comfortably aboard an old sailing vessel , the Cape Dame .
Its captain — Rip , and Rip ’s son , first mate — Adrian .
Tony does n’t pretend to know the boat ’s lingo , but understands precisely what the captain means when he mentions that a floating hotdog stand is in their sights .
After Tony enjoys his first , but possibly not his last , water - borne hotdog , they set sail for another course .
Verplanckt , New York , to be exact ; a riverside town that epitomizes the constant change the Hudson Valley has experienced over time .
Here , Tony meets John Vargo and John Tanyan , two lifelong friends who have lived here for many , many years .
While they explain that the once dirty river has now been cleaned up , Tony has no plans to jump in for a quick swim .
Instead , they boil up some freshly caught blue crabs with a little Old Bay and some crushed red pepper , and eat them right there , riverside , spread out over newspapers .
From there , Tony heads to the Black Dirt region of the Hudson Valley .
An area that was once practically nothing but swamp , has been drained to uncover rich soil — thanks to Polish emigrants whose descendants now inhabit the little town of Pine Island .
What was once just a general store is now a popular Polish restaurant called the Quaker Creek store .
Here , Tony meets Bobby Matasheski , whose grandfather opened the general store in 1947 .
Bobby feeds
Tony pierogies stuffed with potatoes and onions , fresh from the frying pan .
But what Tony really came here for is the sausages — knockwurst , bratwurst , and homemade Kielbasa filled with smoked bacon , Granny Smith apple , onion , and seasoning and then slow - cooked in sauerkraut .
As they eat , Tony breaks out a homemade bottle of dark red hooch given to him in the parking lot .
Later ,
Tony visits his old stomping grounds — the Culinary Institute of America .
He brings along an old classmate of his and former Food Network judge — Michael Ruhlman .
His visit is not a relaxing one , as very soon after his arrival , he and Ruhlman suit up in their old chef ’s uniforms , somewhat unwillingly , and take part in an Asian cooking class taught by former instructor , Michael Pardus .
Soon , we see that not much has changed since
Tony once haunted these halls — he takes digs at his colleagues , hassles his cooking partner , and finishes with just moments to spare .
That evening , Tony and Ruhlman head to a local bar filled with colorful , working class types who come together , united by their shared love of alcohol .
There are no fancy foods to be had here — just a fun night of slurred conversation and lots and lots of booze .
The next day , Tony and Ruhlman take a drive to a secluded medieval castle - esque hotel called the Mohonk Mountain House .
With winding roads , sprawling but seemingly empty estates , elegant rooms from a lost time , and an extensive , creepy hedge maze , there are more than enough Shining references to be had .
After exploring the grounds , the two sit for teatime and delicately delicious canapés .
Tony ’s last stop takes him to Yonkers on the eastern bank of the Hudson .
Peter Kelly , chef of X2O , promises
Tony a lunch date he ’ll never forget — watch to find out !!
Quaker Creek Store
767 Pulaski Highway , Goshen , NY 10924
Phone : ( 845 ) 258-4570
www.quakercreekstore.com
Tony joins the Matuszewski family in their sausage shop .
Ixtapa Taco Truck
In front of the Family Dollar Store :
423 Broadway , Newburgh , NY
Tony samples authentic tacos with a Newburgh local , Montserrat .
Mohonk Mountain House
1000 Mountain Rest Road , New Paltz , NY 12561
Main # : 845.255.1000
www.mohonk.com
Built on the waters of Lake Mohonk in 1869 , this grand 265 - room Victorian castle is one of America ’s oldest family - owned resorts .
Culinary Institute of America
www.ciachef.edu
1946 Campus Drive
Hyde Park , NY 12538
Phone : 845-452-9600
Tony and Michael Ruhlman go back to school .
Bradley Farm
Ray Bradley
317 Springtown Rd
New Paltz , NY 12561
845 255 8769
heirloomtomato9@aol.com
Tony and Michael pick up some produce from local farmer Ray Bradley .
Rondout Bay Marina
1000 State Rt 213
Kingston , NY
845 339 3917
Tony and Michael share a few drinks with the locals of this marina in Kingston .
The Orchards of Concklin
2 South Mountain Rd .
Pamona , NY 10970
http://www.theorchardsofconcklin.com/
phone : 845 354 0369
Tony checks out the orchard and samples apple cider and donuts with local writer Chuck Steed .
X2O
71 Water Grant Street
Yonkers , NY
914.965.1111
Tony has lunch with a special guest at X20 , Peter Kelly ’s restaurant built on a pier on the Hudson River .
Tugboat Cornell
http://www.tugboatcornell.com/
tugcornell@gmail.com
Tony checks out tugboat life in a journey down the Hudson .
Disturbing questions in thwarted US plane bombing
By Barry Grey
28 December 2009
The nearly catastrophic attempt to blow up a US passenger jet during its final approach to Detroit Metro Airport on Christmas Day raises a number of serious questions .
While many details of the attempted terror attack and the biography of the would - be suicide bomber remain sketchy , widely - reported facts that have been corroborated by US officials make clear that the near - destruction of the airliner was the result of a colossal and as yet unexplained security failure .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , a 23 - year - old Nigerian , was overpowered by other passengers and crew members when he attempted to set off an explosive device he had taped to his person and smuggled onto Northwest Flight 253 from Amsterdam .
In November , or six months ago ( press accounts differ ) , Abdulmutallab ’s father , a retired banker and former Nigerian government minister , told US Embassy officials in the Nigerian capital that he was concerned about his son ’s extreme religious views and activities .
The Washington Post on Sunday quoted a “ senior administration official ” as saying the father had warned of his son’s “ radicalization and associations . ”
Some press reports say the father also spoke with US intelligence officials and Nigerian security agencies .
The family had evidently lost contact with Abdulmutallab , who six months ago said he was breaking off relations .
Family members reportedly said they believed he had gone to Yemen , the birthplace of his mother .
US officials say that as a result of the father ’s warning , Abdulmutallab was placed on a counter terrorism database in November , but they nevertheless had no actionable grounds for barring him from flying or subjecting him to any special pre-boarding search or questioning .
The media is dutifully and uncritically parroting these explanations , but they strain credulity .
Since 9/11 , there have been innumerable reports of people being barred from flying by government security officials for no apparent reason .
One of these was the late Senator Edward Kennedy , who in 2004 was placed on the Homeland Security Department ’s “ no - fly ” list and prevented from boarding a shuttle from Washington DC to Boston .
Yet despite being identified as a potential terrorist threat by his own father , a highly placed former Nigerian official , Abdulmutallab was allowed to retain his multi-entry US visa , board a plane to the US , and smuggle explosives on board .
The incident is all the more disturbing and suspicious , coming just weeks after President Obama announced a major escalation of the war in Afghanistan and Pakistan and singled out Yemen and Somalia as alleged Al Qaeda bases where US military attack could be justified .
This episode has the appearance of another in a series of ostensible security lapses which have more the character of deliberately turning a blind eye than mere incompetence .
The case of Abdulmutallab seems to follow a well - established pattern dating back to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
A number of the hijack - bombers were known to US intelligence and security officials as Al Qaeda operatives , and were nevertheless allowed to enter the country , train as pilots , and eventually board the doomed airliners on 9/11 .
Warnings of impending terror attacks involving the hijacking of airplanes went unheeded .
None of this has ever been explained .
No one has been held accountable .
Instead , numerous government investigations were carried out , culminating in the 9/11 Commission report , which whitewashed government agencies and officials .
Notwithstanding Obama ’s pledge to investigate last week ’s attempted terror attack , the 9/11 pattern will likely be repeated .
The latest episode occurs within days of US air attacks against insurgents in Yemen , which US officials and the media are increasingly portraying as a center of Al Qaeda activity nearly on a par with the Afghanistan - Pakistan border region .
The linking of Abdulmutallab to Yemen is an ominous sign that these attacks will increase , and the country may well become a new front in the expanding drive by the US to dominate oil - rich , strategic regions in the Middle East and Central Asia .
This danger was underscored by statements from politicians and the media over the weekend .
Jane Harman , the Democratic congresswoman from California who heads the House Homeland Security subcommittee , issued a statement declaring , “ The facts are still emerging , but there are strong suggestions of a Yemen - Al Qaeda connection and an intent to blow up the plane over US airspace . ”
The New York Times wrote in its news account Sunday , “ If corroborated , Mr. Abdulmutallab ’s travel to Yemen for terrorist instruction and explosives underscores the emergence of that country as a major hub for Al Qaeda , perhaps beginning to rival the terror network ’s base in Pakistan . ”
The attempted plane bombing is also being used for domestic propaganda purposes .
Under conditions of popular opposition to the expanding war in Afghanistan , government officials and the media are already seeking to use it to cow and frighten the population so as to justify both foreign wars and increased attacks on democratic rights at home .
Once again , Al Qaeda is being summoned up to make the American people more willing to accept restrictions on their personal freedoms .
That a Nigerian national was involved in last week ’s attempted plane bombing underscores the global consequences of Washington ’s militarist policies .
While nothing can justify terrorist attacks against civilians , Washington ’s neo-colonial wars are responsible for creating the conditions for new recruits for terrorist operations .
What has been reported about Adbulmutallab ’s biography is evidence of this fact .
The young student , from a privileged and wealthy family , seems to have been radicalized in tandem with the escalation of US military violence in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
He left his family home in London ’s West End , broke off relations and disappeared during the period when it had become clear that the Obama administration was continuing and intensifying the warmongering policies of Bush .
The author also recommends :
Obama ordered US air strikes on Yemen
[ 21 December 2009 ]
Advertisement
You 've found a great set of bloopers , and want to download them for future screenings .
If you change the " Y " in the youtube.com address to " 3 , " 3outube provides links for downloading that video in MP4 or FLV formats .
That 's all there is to it , really — any YouTube video you want to download , just click on the YouTube logo in the lower - right corner of an embedded clip to get to the main YouTube page , then change the " Y " in YouTube.com to " 3 . "
Neat stuff , and it worked on all five of the test clips I sent its way .
Advertisement
Update :
As our commenters point out , another URL - replacement service , KickYouTube , offers even more formats and features .
If Kick goes down , or does n't work for a certain video , though , having 3outube handy is a good thing — and 75 percent more efficient , in a very narrow way .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
3outube [ via The Red Ferret Journal ]
Want to keep up to date on Welsh politics ?
Sign up and get political news sent straight to your inbox
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
WALES ’ population is set to increase by 12 % by 2033 it was disclosed yesterday – the equivalent of a city bigger than Cardiff .
In just 24 years , the country ’s population will increase by 350,000 – hitting 3.35 m million in 2033 , the Office for National Statistics said .
But although more births than deaths are predicted throughout the period , inward migration – from both the rest of the UK and further afield – is the key reason for the projected population growth .
Wales ’ population is predicted to cross the three million mark for the first time by the middle of next year and is projected to increase to 3.14 m by 2018 .
Across the UK the total will hit 71.6 million in 2033 from just over 61 million now .
Of those , 60.7 million will be living in England .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said earlier this year that he “ did not lie awake at night ” worrying about the prospect .
All four nations which make up the United Kingdom can expect to see their populations grow over the next 24 years .
Compared to Wales ’ projected 12 % rise , there are predicted increases of 18 % for England , 14 % for Northern Ireland and 7 % for Scotland .
“ If the projection is realised , England will have the population of England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland combined , ” Guy Goodwin , ONS director of population statistics , said .
The number of children in Wales is expected to decrease slightly over the next four years , with around 1 % fewer in 2013 .
It is then projected to gradually increase to a peak in around 2027 before decreasing slightly over the following six years .
The number of pensioners , however , is predicted to increase throughout the period despite the change to the state pension age .
Between 2010 and 2020 , state pension age will change to 65 for both sexes , and from 2024 will gradually change in stages to 68 .
Yet , despite this , there are expected to be 185,000 more pensioners in 2033 than there are currently – a rise of 29 % and potentially a massive problem for an Assembly Government already struggling to provide social services to an ageing population .
A particularly sharp increase in the number of pensioners is expected from 2026 onwards due to the impact of the large number of people born in the 1960s reaching retirement age .
Shadow local government minister Darren Millar said : “ This will put huge pressure on local services and social services in particular , not to mention the likely changes in housing needs .
All of this needs to be taken into account now , not in 24 years ’ time .
The Assembly Government must recognise this and plan its budgets now to ensure adequate resources are available and pensioners receive the high quality services they need and deserve . ”
The population of Wales is expected to become gradually older with the average age rising from the current 41.1 to 44.2 in 2033 .
This is due to a combination of a higher life expectancy and fewer children being born .
It will still remain below the average for the UK as a whole , however , and Liberal Democrat MP for Cardiff Central Jenny Willott said yesterday : “ Given the Welsh industrial legacy , you could expect geographical differences in life expectancy for older generations .
But these figures suggest that the gap in life expectancy at birth between Wales and other parts of the UK has actually grown , not shrunk . ”
The biggest driver of population , however , is migration .
The Office for National Statistics ’ long - term forecast predicts a net migration into Wales of 10,500 a year from 2014 – 7,500 from other parts of the UK and 3,000 from elsewhere .
Shadow Westminster immigration minister Damian Green said : “ This shows how irresponsible Alan Johnson was when he said in July that he did not lie awake at night worrying about a population of 70 million .
“ The failure of Labour to control immigration has left us in this difficult position .
“ A Conservative government would introduce a limit on the numbers allowed to come here to work , as well as other measures to fight illegal immigration . ”
Peter Madden , chief executive of Forum for the Future , said : “ Population growth will put greater pressure on our public services and increase competition for housing .
“ Protecting our environment and meeting climate change targets will become even harder .
And unless it is handled properly , social cohesion will suffer .
“ These projections are a wake - up call for politicians .
They must start planning now to manage population growth in a way which benefits people and the environment and which respects our obligations to the international community . ”
The Jerusalem Post
Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Post , Göpfrich wrotethat , “ the German - Emirati Joint Council for Industry and Commerce exploreswithin the framework of international and national trade laws and economicpolitics ( sanctions regime ) if , when , and how the legal possibility exists tohave business relations with Iran .
We see the treatment of such topics as necessary . "
Asked if the business association is contradicting German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's policyto reduce business with Iran , Göprich wrote that , “ as an officially sponsored German business associationfrom the Economics ’
Ministry , we adhere to all general political and foreigntrade principles of the German government as well as of the German Chamber of Commerceand inform our members . ”
In an e-mail on Wednesday to the , Göpfrich wrotethat , “ the German - Emirati Joint Council for Industry and Commerce exploreswithin the framework of international and national trade laws and economicpolitics ( sanctions regime ) if , when , and how the legal possibility exists tohave business relations with Iran .
We see the treatment of such topics as necessary .
" Asked if the business association is contradicting German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's policyto reduce business with Iran , Göprich wrote that , “ as an officially sponsored German business associationfrom the Economics ’
Ministry , we adhere to all general political and foreigntrade principles of the German government as well as of the German Chamber of Commerceand inform our members . ”
When pressed about the role of the German - Emirati Joint Council forIndustry and Commerce in commencing deals with a regime in Teheran that deniesthe Holocaust and threatens to obliterate Israel , Göprich wrote “ ditto , ” restating his previous answer about a general compliance with the principles ofthe German government .
Hamburger Abendblatt
Hamburger Abendblatt
Haaretz
Francop
Francop
Siemens AG , the German engineering giant , which exploited slave labor during WWII in Auschwitz , announced on Tuesday at its annual stockholder meeting that it is severing its business ties with Iran .
The decision to pull the plug on new contracts with Teheran took place a day before the 65th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz .
Stop the Bomb , a pro-Israel NGO in Austria and Germany , mounted a sophisticated yearlong pressure campaign to force Siemens to shut down its Iran operation .
" Beginning in the middle of this year [ 2010 ] we will not accept new business with Iran , " Siemens CEO Peter Löscher said at the shareholder meeting in Munich .
Speaking from the Olympic Hall in Munich , the site of the stockholder assembly , Michael Spaney , a spokesman for Stop the Bomb , told , " We welcome the announcement " that Siemens plans to walk away from new Iran deals .
"
We hope that Siemens does not engage in continued business with Iran through third countries , " Spaney added .
Many German firms are circumventing UN and EU sanctions - as well as domestic export control regulations - by shipping military equipment and so - called " dual-use " technology to countries such as Russia and the Dubai free trade zone .
According to an internal memorandum from late November obtained by the , the German - Emirati Joint Council for Industry and Commerce advises companies on " how to do business in Iran through Dubai . " Dr. Peter Göpfrich , the head of the business group , is coordinating the third - party trade and could not be immediately reached for a comment .
Last month , Siemens sent a shipment of ostensibly illegal equipment to Iran via its Swedish and Chinese subsidiaries .
The company has been accused of corporate criminality through transactions involving its turbo compressors , which could be used for Iran 's missile program , and the attempted delivery of sophisticated computer technology for the country 's nuclear facilities .
Siemens CEO
Löscher said the industrial conglomerate is " exclusively involved in civilian projects in the areas of infrastructure , medicine , and traffic .
" He said that in October there were advisory meetings to terminate the Siemens - Iran business relationship .
Löscher issued the caveat that the requirements of " existing contracts " will be met , to avoid financial penalties regarding an unlawful severance of the agreements .
Stop the Bomb , a broad coalition of German and Iranian activists , jump - started its campaign to criticize Siemens ' human rights violations in Iran at last year 's stockholder meeting .
The activists confronted the Siemens board of directors with charges of ignoring their historical responsibility toward the Jewish state .
The political group helped to expose the delivery of Siemens - Nokia surveillance technology to the Iranian regime .
After media reports that the Siemens - Nokia monitoring equipment was used to crackdown on Internet , Twitter , mobile and landline communications among pro-democracy supporters during the contentious June 2009 presidential election , the corporate reputation of Siemens took a beating .
Meanwhile , according to a mid-January report in thenewspaper , the Hamburg - based ports company HHLA dissolved its planned agreement to work with the Iranian firm Tidewater to modernize the port terminals of Bandar - Abbas .
The city of Hamburg owns a 75 percent stake in HHLA .
Axel Gedaschko , the Christian Democratic Union state minister of economic affairs and employment in Hamburg , told the , " We are this time placing a large question mark over every possiblebusiness deal with Iran .
We find it good that HHLA proceeded in asensible manner .
" The Central Council of Jews in Germany had protested the planned harbor deal .
Stephan Kramer , general - secretary of the council , said firms likeSiemens and HHLA " are making a substantial contribution to supporting the regime in Iran " and " are an accessory to repressing the civilianpopulation .
" reported on Mondaythat the Israeli Embassy in Berlin had also complained about the portdeal to the German government , because the Iranian port Bandar - Abbashad been used as the departure point for theship .
The , a German - owned vessel , and its cargo of hundreds of tons of weapons , allegedly bound to Syria and Hizbullah , was seized by the Israel Navyin the eastern Mediterranean Sea on November 4 .
The government is pressing ahead with controversial plans to levy a £ 6 a year tax on all phone lines in Britain in order to fund the introduction of next generation broadband networks , Alistair Darling , the chancellor , confirmed today .
The levy was proposed by Junes 's Digital Britain report , but while the Darling confirmed today that he will be implementing that proposal , his pre-budget report also contained a glaring omission .
Lord Carter 's Digital Britain report recommended a tax break for the computer games industry , to help it fight a brain drain caused by increased competition from countries such as Canada and France who are offering fiscal incentives for developers to relocate .
As feared by the industry the so - called " cultural tax break " proposed by Lord Carter was absent from Darling 's speech to MPs .
The full pre-budget report makes it plain that although the industry makes a valuable " economic and cultural " contribution to the UK and " while recognising the challenges currently faced by the sector in competing internationally , the government is not currently persuaded that the evidence is sufficiently compelling to justify the introduction of a tax incentive for the development of culturally British video games at this time " .
The government 's decision , however , has caused consternation among games developers and experts .
Richard Wilson , head of computer games trade association TIGA , branded Darling 's decision to turn his back on an industry that does more for the UK economy than the film business , which does receive tax breaks , a " serious mistake and a failure of imagination " .
" While the public finances need to be brought under control primarily through spending cuts , the UK economy desperately needs to go for growth , " he said .
" This means creating a tax environment that supports and sustains wealth creating and intellectual property generating businesses .
In the games industry 's case , this means enacting a games tax relief . "
" We have consistently warned the government that without the introduction of a games tax relief the video games development sector will probably decline by 5 % each year over each of the next five years .
Conversely , if a games tax relief is introduced , then the industry will eventually enjoy annual growth of 4 % .
" The government has shown itself willing to support the UK film industry through tax relief , the oil industry with tax breaks , declining manufacturing businesses with loans and grants , and has spent billions bailing out the banking industry .
The UK videogames industry is inherently successful , highly skilled and bursting with potential .
It is the entertainment industry for the 21st century .
The UK video games industry has the potential to be world - beating .
The government must invest in the industry if it wants it to remain world - leading . "
" We need to see tax breaks to remain competitive , " added Dominic Davenport , chief executive of Escape Studios , which trains computer graphic artists .
" Other countries already have them , allowing their industries to compete on a global level by offering huge salaries and benefits , the likes of which UK companies can not hope to match .
" When a developer or animator , who has worked hard for a decade plus on his or her skills , is suddenly offered not only a salary bump , but also bonuses , relocation costs and a host of other benefits , it becomes very hard to turn down by even the staunchest patriot .
" The gaming industry needs tax breaks .
Without them , the very thing that makes our gaming industry among the best in the world – the talent – will no longer be British – it'll be Canadian , American , French , Russian , Korean , and the companies ( and ultimately the economies ) to benefit will be from those countries as well . "
Though he showed no appetite for helping the games industry , Darling did reaffirm the government 's commitment to helping build the next generation of super - fast broadband networks , which will let consumers download songs in seconds and HD movies in a few minutes – saying that next year 's budget will include plans for a levy on all phone lines .
" We are modernising the UK 's digital infrastructure and , in the process , creating thousands more skilled jobs , " he told MPs .
" We have provided funding to help extend the opportunities of the broadband network to more remote communities . "
" We now want to go further , so we can provide the next generation of super - fast broadband to 90 % of the population by the end of 2017 .
This will be funded through a duty of 50 pence a month on landlines which will be included in the finance bill . "
BT has already announced plans to spend £ 1.5 bn putting the latest in fibre optic networks within the reach of 10 million homes by 2012 , while Virgin Media 's existing cable network already passes half of UK households .
But both companies have made it plain that beyond about 60 % of the country , the case for installing super - fast broadband is very hard to make .
As a result , the government is hoping to raise up to £ 175 m a year from a tax on all phone lines .
The cash will be made available to any company that wants to build super - fast networks in rural and remote areas .
In return for a slug of public cash , any successful bidder would have to make its network available to rival ISPs so they can run their services over it .
The plan , however , is controversial as people with more than one phone line , such as anyone who runs a businesses from home , will be hit more than once .
Last month , leaked HM Revenue & Customs documents showed that there are more than 1.7 m households who have more than one line .
The tax will also incur VAT , making it even more burdensome for cash - strapped consumers .
The Conservatives are opposed to the plan , saying they will scrap it if they win next year 's general election .
Jeremy Hunt , the Conservative shadow culture secretary , has said he wants " the market " to take charge of rolling out the next generation of telecoms infrastructure , starting with services to major cities before moving on to rural areas .
MOAB , Utah — Daniel Suelo gets the same question , all the time .
“ Why ? ”
The 48 - year - old kneels in front of the desert cave he calls home , sips cedar tea from a chipped mug and explains , again , why he has intentionally lived the last nine years without using money .
It ’s instinctual to live without money ; it ’s the way we were born , he says .
It ’s political .
The addiction to money fuels corruption , he says , and he refuses to support a corrupt system .
There ’s also a spiritual basis for his life , a philosophical framework .
“ The understanding that , really , we all possess nothing is the cornerstone of all spiritual endeavors and religions , ” he says .
And there are health reasons .
Suelo , who was born with the last name Shellabarger , is unfettered with worries about a mortgage or bills or income .
Tanned with a mop of gray locks framing his Buddy Holly glasses , he is a picture of contentment , his lithe frame stretched in the fall sun amid prickly pear cactus and red rock .
“ I think taking things as they come naturally is the key to good health , ” he says .
A decade ago , Suelo was dizzy with depression .
His University of Colorado degree in anthropology was n’t fulfilling .
He had just returned from two years as a Peace Corps volunteer in Ecuador .
He was disillusioned with his job working at homeless shelters and enclaves for battered women in Denver and Boulder .
Eventually , he concluded his growing despair was tied to fretting over his financial ability to maintain his stuff .
Stuff , he realized , he did n’t need .
So , he gave it all away .
“ We use all our energy to maintain our possessions , and it becomes an ugly cycle , ” he says .
He does n’t barter or work for food or rent .
Barter is another form of money , and Suelo does n’t deal with any form of currency .
Today , he embraces an ascetic life of “ art and philosophizing . ”
He ’s hardly the growling hermit , instead circling town on his trash - bin built bike , engaging a wide circle of pals .
“ He is truly the happiest person I have ever met .
He is so deeply peaceful , it ’s contagious , ” says Damian Nash , Suelo ’s college roommate and a high school teacher in Moab .
“ He is living proof that money ca n’t buy happiness . ”
Every summer , when the heat in Moab reaches unbearable — especially for a cave - dweller — Suelo hits the road , visiting friends and gatherings along the West Coast , where he is known only as “ Suelo . ”
“ I have no idea what the future holds , and I do n’t worry about it .
But the longer I do this , it seems absurd to go back , ” he says .
“ It would be like going back to slavery .
There ’s just too much of a price to pay . ”
His cozy cave is an hour ’s stroll from town .
Maybe 15 feet by 5 feet , the one - man crevice is crammed with buckets holding a few days worth of rice and beans , books and cooking pots .
The hole in the wall is tidy , with his bedroll neatly folded into a nook .
Cupped ridges on the wall hold knick - knacks .
While the cave carries a strong smell of patchouli oil , Suelo does n’t import any odiferous whiff of homelessness .
He bathes daily in the stream below his cave .
His clothes — which he found in the trash — are uncommonly formal for a man who camps year - round .
Dress shoes and slacks , shirt buttoned to the top and a fresh wide - brimmed hat form a Suelo style that is more Bohemian chic than homeless bum .
Waste not , want not
Suelo lives an abundant albeit frugal life , thriving on the waste of a small town .
Every week , he inspects Moab ’s trash , finding more than he needs .
Supermarket throwaways keep him well - fed .
He eats healthily , often eschewing the abundant supply of day - old donuts or expired sweets .
Although , he says , chocolate is “ my gold . ”
The wild onions , watercress , prickly pear fruit , service berries , globe mallow and pine nuts that grow near his home add fresh - grown flair to the trashbin - derived dishes he cooks over fire - branded coffee cans molded into stoves .
He occasionally cooks roadkill gathered around Moab , but says he has never fallen ill from spoiled food .
The piles of trash behind Moab ’s half - dozen self - storage facilities provide a steady supply of clothes , tools , bedding and utensils .
“ People do n’t realize how much perfectly good stuff is thrown away with just a blemish , ” he says .
“ Even after all these years , I ’m still asking myself , ‘ Why would anyone throw this out ? ' ”
‘ A parasite of sorts`
He used to bristle when he heard people call him a mooch , a leech or sponge off society .
The occasional “ get - a - job ” comments from friends , family and readers of his blog ( which he writes from computers in public libraries ) do n’t bother him much anymore .
He says he has stopped worrying about what people think about him .
Filmmaker Gordon Stevenson a few years ago made a short documentary about Suelo called “ Moneyless in Moab . ”
Response to the film was largely positive but varied .
A few thought he was insane .
Others saw a conflict in Suelo ’s rejection of money but dependence on a society anchored in commerce .
“ His lifestyle does depend on a group of people using money , and some people saw this as a contradiction , but Daniel comes out pretty clearly that he is a parasite of sorts , ” Stevenson says .
“ Some people were angered by the idea that using money leaves you tainted or immoral .
But I do n’t think Daniel thinks like that .
You might think he is , but he ’s not judgmental . ”
Nash hears often from people who harbor hostility toward his friend .
“ I think he makes people angry because they have this belief that if only they had a little more money , they ’d be happy , ” Nash says .
“ His lifestyle is a challenge to their Holy Grail , the American consumer capitalist dream . ”
There is one thing that makes Suelo seethe : store owners or police who tell him he can’t search a bin of garbage “ for his own safety . ”
He ’s had plenty of run-ins with both , but not as much in Moab , where he is well - known .
“ They seem so mad about it .
If they want to be livid about something , how about how much food we throw away , ” he says .
“ I know that there is enough food to feed a village in one Dumpster behind Wal - Mart or Sam’s .
All I ’m taking is a few crumbs falling from this opulent table . ”
Suelo often bows to the generosity of others , while never asking for help .
Self - sufficiency is n’t a goal in his moneyless life , he says .
So , he will sometimes house - sit , but it makes him antsy and he pines for his cave .
If someone presses him to take something , he does n’t argue .
He recently began taking yoga classes offered by a friend .
If they insist on giving him money , he gives it away immediately .
“ We are all completely dependent on everyone else .
The point is to live freely , in the present , freely giving and freely taking , which is the way of nature , ” he says .
“ The idea is to give up control of credit and debt , and just trust the cycle of nature . ”
Suelo ’s friend Ray Pride nearly a decade ago took Suelo up to Alaska for two months of salmon fishing on his boat .
After filling the holding tanks with thousands of pounds of bright red sockeye salmon , Pride tried to slip some cash into Suelo ’s stuff .
Suelo was planning to camp and hitchhike around Alaska for a couple months before hitchhiking back to Moab .
Pride was sure he could use the money .
“ He found it and left it on the boat , ” says Pride , who lives in Moab .
“ So , I gave him $ 200 when I left at the airport . ”
Suelo gave it away right there in the airport , and the next day , he says , “ I found a backpack . ”
He toured Alaska for two months , penniless , living off the land .
He ate mussels , kelp and seaweed while along the coast ; mushrooms , berries and fish when he hiked inland .
That was the trip that began his purely moneyless journey .
Suelo grew up in an evangelical Christian home and is well - versed in biblical teaching .
He also quotes from the Koran , the Torah , the Book of Mormon and an array of Hindu teachers .
While hiking in Alaska , he mulled his spirit ’s direction and felt a sort of hypocrite .
“ Seek first the kingdom of God , and his righteousness ; and all these things shall be added to you , ” Suelo says , citing a passage from the book of Matthew .
“ Did I really believe that ?
The only way to know is to try it .
I want to be able to talk from my heart and live it , too . ”
Punk 's Not Dead is more than just a tribute documentary .
It takes you on an era - by - era journey that puts punk rock 's non-conformist reputation under the knife .
Officially sanctioned by the bands in the film who donated personal photos , fliers and home videos , Punk 's Not Dead follows the evolution of punk music from its anarchic roots , to its use as a corporate marketing tool and acceptance into popular culture , to its reinvention in today 's underground scene .
It is self - financed , independent documentary true to the D.I.Y .
spirit of punk culture and combines intelligent , insightful commentary with live performances , behind - the - scenes anecdotes and a killer soundtrack .
Punk 's Not Dead takes you into the sweaty underground clubs , backyard parties , recording studios , and yes , shopping malls and stadium shows where punk rock music and culture continue to thrive .
SARGODHA , Pakistan ( AP )  Five Americans arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of terrorism told a court Monday that they had been tortured by police — charges that could add to political sensitivities surrounding the case .
The men made the allegations during a hearing before a special anti-terrorism court in Sargodha .
The session was held in order for police to submit a charge sheet alleging that the suspects had conspired in a terrorist act , a formal legal step that brings them closer to a possible indictment .
The men also shouted the allegations to reporters as they were driven from the building .
No details as to the nature of the alleged torture were given .
Prison authorities and police denied any ill - treatment .
A U.S. Embassy spokesman said he had no immediate comment about the torture allegations , but noted consular officials have visited the men .
The five men , all young Muslims from the Washington area , were detained in December at a house in the Punjabi town of Sargodha not long after arriving in Pakistan .
Police have publicly accused them of plotting terror attacks in Pakistan , having links to al - Qaeda and seeking to join militants fighting U.S. troops across the border in Afghanistan after contacting Pakistani militants on the Internet .
Lawyers for the men say they wanted to travel to Afghanistan and had no plans for attacks in Pakistan .
The case comes amid strong anti-American sentiment in Pakistan among the public , media and government , and could become an irritant between the two nations , especially if there are suspicions that they are being mistreated or their trial is unfair .
The judicial process in Pakistan is prone to corruption and pressure by powerful interests , and terrorism trials take place behind close doors .
Allegations of mistreatment of prisoners are commonly heard .
The media and the public were not allowed to attend the court session , but a court order obtained by The Associated Press said the men " have made a complaint that they have been tortured in the custody of police . "
It instructed the men to undergo medical examinations .
Later , reporters heard several of the men shout three times in unison , " We are being tortured , " as they were driven from the courthouse in a prison van .
Senior police officer Usman Anwar denied the allegations , as did Aftab Haanif , the deputy superintendent of the jail where the men are being held , who said they were receiving better food than regular inmates .
" We categorically deny that we tortured them at any stage of the interrogation , " Anwar said .
" The court has ordered a medical examination that will make everything clear . "
In Monday 's hearing , police submitted a charge sheet and evidence to the court in which the men are accused of violating several sections of Pakistan 's penal code and anti-terrorism law .
The most serious charge is conspiracy to carry out a terrorist act , which could carry life imprisonment depending on what the act is , according to prosecutor Nadim Akram Cheema and police officer Amir Shirazi .
The charge sheet also said they planning a terrorist activity in a foreign country , a likely reference to Afghanistan .
Prosecutors now have to decide whether the case is strong enough to charge the men and bring them to trial .
The five were reported missing by their families in late November after one of them left behind a farewell video showing scenes of war and casualties and saying Muslims must be defended .
Two are of Pakistani descent , one is of Egyptian descent and two are of Ethiopian descent .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I know I often should n't , but I use the Perl 5 installed through Ubuntu packages for most of my local development .
I could maintain a parallel installation myself , but I have better things to do .
( I do have bleadperl available if I need it . )
Every time I get a new machine , or perform an OS upgrade which changes the major version of Perl 5 , I have to reconfigure the CPAN client to install distributions from the CPAN appropriately .
That 's ridiculous , for two reasons .
First , the CPAN.pm configuration has traditionally asked too many questions .
I understand that it 's nice to have configurability and the ability to run on all sorts of platforms with odd behaviors and strange utilities and baffling constraints , but I also think it 's plausible to assume that most new installations of Perl 5 on a modern Unix - like system can speak HTTP , for example .
The second problem is that the Perl 5 version has come from a system package — a .deb file , in my case — and the CPAN client prefers to install tarballs from the CPAN itself .
Even though Debian and Ubuntu packagers ( especially the admirable Debian Perl Group ) have made plenty of CPAN distributions available as .debs , I have to configure my CPAN client myself , and it does not work with the system package manager .
There 's no reason it could n't .
Imagine that the system Perl 5 included in the default package ( or included an optional package ) which had a CPAN client configured appropriately .
It has selected an appropriate mirror ( or uses the redirector ) .
It knows about installation paths .
It understands how to use LWP or wget or curl to download tarballs .
It requires a make utility and the Perl 5 development headers .
Why stop there ?
There could be an alternate package ( or an alternate Perl 5 installation or a program to switch paths ) which set up local : : lib for each user to install modules without overwriting the global installation .
Go another step further .
A system such as Debian or Ubuntu or Fedora or one of the BSDs may include OS packages of CPAN distributions .
If you want to install WWW :: Mechanize , why can't a custom CPAN subclass translate that into a request to install libwww - mechanize - perl through the packaging system if it 's available ?
I realize that plenty of experienced Perl 5 developers dislike the idea of giving up control over every aspect of their own installations .
That 's fine .
They can keep that control .
Improving the defaults of the Perl 5 experience does not have to mean removing customization possibilities for experts .
The Perl 5 community has to produce at least three artifacts before this is possible :
An agreement that it 's okay for distributions to customize their CPAN client configurations at installation time .
A set of guidelines for how to do so safely — probably backed up by code .
The will to improve the experience of installing , maintaining , and upgrading modules from CPAN distributions , especially for novices .
Each goal is achievable , though the latter likely requires the active Perl 5 community to refuse to support specific vendor customizations in any official capacity .
The result — a Perl 5 that 's easier to develop , easier to begin , and exactly as customizable as it is now — is better for everyone .
Apple 's January 2010 event is upon us and we will be live on the scene , blogging from the Yerba Buena center in San Francisco .
Apple 's theme for this event is " come see our newest creation , " which is widely expected to refer to the mythical iTablet .
Watch as the event unfolds live .
Apple 's event is set to start at 10 am PST ( see it in your local timezone ) sharp and we 'll be keeping you informed up to the second with a live transcription and live photos from the event .
< a href = " http://www.coveritlive.com/mobile.php?option=com_mobile&task=viewaltcast&altcast_code=b0eff04045 "
> Apple " Latest Creation " Event / iTablet</a>
Mark Wilson / Getty Images
We will be updating this discussion with additional commentary throughout the day .
Scroll down to read Kathryn Jean Lopez , Donna Brazile , Dan Schnur , Glenn Greenwald , Theda Skocpol , Norman Ornstein and Julian Zelizer in the forum .
In the Opinion section Brooks and Collins : What the Results in Massachusetts Mean
The finger - pointing over the loss of the Senate seat in Massachusetts raises a perennial question in American politics : why do the Democrats always seem to be in disarray even when they control the White House , the Senate and the House ?
Why are the Republicans so much better at checking the power of the majority ?
Is this difference a matter of political discipline or is it rooted in the ideologies of the parties ?
Update | 4 p.m .
A Wake - Up Call
Kathryn Jean Lopez is the editor at large of National Review Online and a nationally syndicated columnist .
Here , the last year stands in stark contrast to the first year of the George W. Bush administration .
And not in a good way .
It ’s not disarray among the Democrats that you ’re seeing , it ’s a stubborn insistence on legislation that is untenable .
George W. Bush ran in 2000 priding himself on his ability to work with the other side of the aisle .
And while it all may be lost on the collective conventional memory now , he did just that .
His No. 1 priority was No Child Left Behind .
And so it was in the Senate — co-sponsored there by Senator Edward M. Kennedy .
Flash forward to January 2010 .
Scott Brown , someone most of us did n’t know a few weeks ago , is taking over the Kennedy seat .
Senator - elect Brown is heading to Washington having raised money from across the country , largely on the selling point that he could be the man who hits the reboot button on health care , which just so happens to be President Obama ’s top priority .
Read more …
We do n’t need to get lost in procedural morass .
Democrats are facing the likely reality that “ Obamacare ” goes down , and they have no one to blame but themselves .
President Bush had Kennedy on education , President Obama probably could have had an Orrin Hatch on health care .
But , instead , he ’s opted to be dismissive of just about any and all critics and criticism of his approach .
It ’s not disarray among the Democrats that you ’re seeing on health care , it ’s a stubborn insistence on top - down , heavy government control , even when it ’s clearly untenable and unpopular .
Their governing coalition can’t carry the weight of trying to pass a bill that the American public opposes .
Liberal ideologues have called the shots in President Obama ’s first year in office .
They ’re not interested in compromise , and they ’re not shy about saying so .
President Obama is n’t post - partisan , he ’s deeply partisan .
Otherwise , an angry August would n’t have happened and Scott Brown may not be heading to Washington — with or without his pickup truck .
Update | 2:40 p.m .
Massachusetts
Is Our Fault
Donna Brazile is a Democratic political strategist and the Democratic National Committee ’s vice chairwoman of voter registration and participation .
She is the author of “ Cooking with Grease : Stirring the Pots in American Politics . ”
When I was a little girl , I remember seeing a bumper sticker that said , “ I do n’t belong to an organized party .
I ’m a Democrat . ”
But the nasty partisan atmosphere in the Senate can be blamed on the Republicans .
The strength and weakness of the Democratic Party is in its diversity .
Ever since President Franklin D. Roosevelt forged a coalition of Southern Democrats , laboring men and women and the middle class , the party became a huge tent of every stripe of immigrant , from Plymouth Rock to the present .
The Republican Party , on the other hand , is homogeneous .
There is some strength in this , in terms of reaching agreements among themselves easily .
But there is a real weakness : they represent a narrow spectrum of America .
Read more …
A recent Wall Street Journal survey found that bipartisan voting in Congress has plummeted in the last decade .
In previous years , some Blue Dog Democrats would break away on very conservative social and fiscal issues , and some Republicans would cross the line on the same issues .
But the deliberate partisan atmosphere the Republicans are fostering has become so bad that Democratic Senator Charles Schumer of New York says senators no longer eat together in the Senate Dinning Room .
He recalled recently how you could always find colleagues of both parties there , but that ’s no longer the case .
Breaking bread together outside of partisan posturing is important to legislative cooperation .
According to legend , a fellow Republican once found President Abraham Lincoln having dinner in a hotel restaurant with a Democrat .
Confronted , Lincoln responded , “ Why , this Democrat is so good natured enough that he can eat out of the same trough with a Republican . ”
It ’s a shame we ’ve lost this .
As for Massachusetts , that ’s our fault .
Democrats had a wake up call in Virginia and New Jersey and ignored it .
Our attention is now got .
Democrats lost a vote .
We have not lost our values .
We will not lose on health care reform .
And we will remain committed to our principles of reforming the economy , reducing the national debt , keeping taxes fair and keeping America safe and secure .
Update | 12:50 p.m.
The Politics of Hunger
Dan Schnur is the director of the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California .
He was the communications director for John McCain ’s 2000 presidential campaign .
There ’s a natural tendency toward self - flagellation in the Democratic Party , and on days like today it kicks in to an especially high gear .
But while Democrats can and should take a long look at themselves after punting away the Kennedy Senate seat this week , the political mishaps that cost them the election in Massachusetts are not endemic to their party in particular .
Rather , the tendency to overreach and under - perform reflects the inherent difficulties faced by the majority party , whether that majority is held by Democrats or Republicans .
Whether Democrat or Republican , there ’s nothing more motivating than being out of power .
Think of this dynamic as The Politics of Hunger .
The longer you and your fellow party members have gone without being invited to a White House state dinner , the hungrier you get .
As you get hungry , you become more motivated , you work harder and you become more willing to compromise in order to expand your party membership .
Read more …
By contrast , as a party becomes accustomed to majority status , they tend to lose touch with what brought them to power .
They take their majority for granted and become less responsive to voters .
Worse , they become less open to diversity and dissent .
Five years ago , Democrats were so driven to take back Congress that they recruited a cadre of pro-life and pro-gun candidates .
Now they threaten to run primary opponents against these same candidates who express reservations on health care reform .
But Republicans do the same thing .
When they ran Congress , they browbeat their most moderate members at every opportunity and used their majority on behalf of Terry Schiavo .
Now , they coddle Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins , and yesterday they elected a pro-choice candidate in Massachusetts .
Normally , a party needs to lose its majority to regain its bearings .
But in the aftermath of Tuesday ’s election , Barack Obama has an opportunity to make necessary adjustments without paying nearly that drastic a penalty for excess .
Bill Clinton and George W. Bush both lost entire Congresses .
All Obama lost was a single Senate seat , albeit one of great symbolic importance .
But a little mea culpa , a little less hubris and a pronounced shift to the center could allow the Democratic Party time to become somewhat more proficient at governing than it has demonstrated over the past year .
Update | 10:10 a.m .
A Party in Denial
Glenn Greenwald , a former constitutional lawyer , is a columnist at Salon.com and the author , most recently , of “ Great American Hypocrites : Toppling the Big Myths of Republican Politics . ”
Reactions to Scott Brown ’s victory are predictable and self - serving .
Obama loyalists insist it was all about local issues and Coakley ’s weaknesses .
Right - wing Democrats blame the “ left elements in the Party ” — who have gotten virtually nothing they ’ve wanted the entire year .
And most everyone else interprets it as vindication of their pre-existing views .
Obama has failed on his vow to change the way Washington works and that is the party ’s greatest liability .
Whatever else is true , last night ’s result — along with earlier gubernatorial losses in Virginia and New Jersey , polling disasters for Democratic Congressional incumbents , and the bizarre resurgence of a party widely assumed to be dead only a year ago — conclusively proves that something has gone radically wrong for the Democratic Party .
One has to be in serious denial not to acknowledge that their approach is not working .
Read more …
Some important factors — especially the collapsing economy and exploding unemployment which Obama inherited — were beyond their control .
But an electorate that delivered smashing victories to the Democrats in two consecutive national elections — and which had such high hopes for the “ change ” Obama repeatedly vowed to usher in — is now turning on them .
To insist that Obama and party leaders are blameless is to ensure the downward spiral continues .
The notion that Obama ’s policies are too “ liberal ” for the country is simply absurd , given that these are exactly the policies on which he successfully campaigned .
But the central pledge of the Obama candidacy , beyond any specific issues , was his vow to change the way Washington works .
It is his failure to do that which has become the party ’s greatest liability .
A candidate who railed against secret deals and lobbyist influence negotiated this health care plan in secrecy with industry lobbyists , got caught entering into secret deals with the pharmaceutical industry , agreed to abandon his commitment to drug re-importation and bulk price negotiations in order to please the pharmaceutical lobby , and cavalierly refused to abide by his promise to conduct all negotiations out in the open .
Worse still , two of the most popular provisions — the public option and Medicare expansion — were jettisoned , leaving the insurance - industry - pleasing provisions as the bill ’s dominant features .
When one adds to that the subservience of the administration ’s top financial officials to Wall Street and the lack of programs designed to aid struggling Americans , the perception has arisen that Democrats are both guardians of the Washington status quo and loyal only to powerful interests .
That has allowed the corporatist G.O.P. to masquerade as populists and monopolize populist anger .
One significant disadvantage burdening Democrats is that they must accommodate far more ideological diversity than Republicans .
A party that has both Ben Nelson and Russ Feingold will be prone to in - fighting .
The choice now for the White House is whether to move even further to the right or whether they will finally focus on galvanizing their base .
As it always does , Beltway conventional wisdom will insist that they do the former ( which may include abandoning health care altogether ) , but a party that has an already demoralized base demoralizes them further at its peril .
The Democrats ’ Learned Timidity
Theda Skocpol is a professor of government and sociology at Harvard University , and the author of “ Boomerang : Health Reform and the Turn Against Government , ” a book about the failed 1993 - 94 Clinton heath care overhaul .
Why ca n’t the Democrats manage to move things forward ?
Why are they allowing the filibuster to block things when the Republicans did not ?
Why do Republicans use the filibuster much more than the Democrats did when they were in the substantial minority ?
The Democrats have n’t reformed Senate rules that block change because they too love the personal clout those practices give them .
There are no perfect answers .
Part of the answer may be the learned timidity and ready - for - defeatism of Democrats , who have not shaped national political or economic narratives since the 1960s .
They have forgotten how to make heartfelt arguments , how to play hardball , and are always expecting to cave or surrender .
But that is not all of it , and here are a few other considerations :
— Republicans under Bush used 51 - vote rules meant for budget items to push through tax cuts for the wealthy .
Tax cuts fit these rules better than many aspects of , say , health care reform right now , because a lot of that is regulatory .
Read more …
And of course tax cuts are fun for politicians to do .
Democrats will be able to use 51 - vote rules only if they start breaking things into popular , obvious steps that tax the well - to - do and fund benefits for ordinary people .
Democrats have to stop using regulations to do everything indirectly , and turn to policies with clear budgetary implications in order to make reconciliation usable .
They ought to be able to do this , but will they ? —
This brings us to the fact that Democrats have serious internal class divisions in their orientations , networks , and support bases .
A lot of them talk to wealthy people all the time ( raising checks for re-election ) and want to do things for them .
Hence , it was easy to get Democrats to do tax cuts .
Republicans under Bush actually got a bunch of Democrats to vote for those cuts most times ; and many of the rest of the Democrats would have refused to sustain filibusters to block Republican tax cuts under Bush .
Even in the majority , Democrats still have many ties to business interests and quietly look for excuses to avoid doing things that offend them .
Not being able to act without 60 votes is a ready excuse .
—
Since Obama ’s election , Republicans have been terrified / angry and they are enough of a regionally and ideologically concentrated rump group to work together .
They launched the “ just say no ” strategy and used it to get through the period before Al Franken ’s election was confirmed .
Republican negativism played great in the media , slowed or blunted reforms in the Senate , and interacted with slow - paced Democratic tactics in Congress to protract health reform bargaining .
The public became increasingly turned off and worried , especially since most Americans have never believed that you can insure everyone without paying higher taxes .
Bottom line is that , at a certain point , by late summer and early fall , delay and united opposition seemed to be paying off for Republicans , and that of course strengthened resolve to obstruct in the Senate .
Even moderates got the message that they would be “ primaried ” if they crossed over .
Now with a Coakley loss , media pundits , led by David Broder , will urge Mr. Obama to compromise and “ reach out . ”
But Republicans , whatever they say , will be even more determined to obstruct , because it works for them electorally .
Democrats will need minds and guts to figure this all out , but will they have them ? —
Democrats are so regionally and ideologically diverse that they not only cannot sustain filibusters when in the minority , they have a hard time getting their act together in the majority , even the near super - majority .
What is more , after Al Franken ’s election , the media told us the Democrats had 60 Senate votes , and Republicans taunted them with that .
But of course they never did .
They had Lieberman , a one - man wrecking ball beholden to no party .
—
Filibusters , finally , used to be costly forms of obstruction .
But Senate customs since the 1970s or so have made them easy for the obstructionists — and equally easy , as well as hidden , are things like “ individual holds ” to prevent votes even when the overwhelming majority is in favor .
The Senate is not built for modern governance — though it is perfectly suited to modern media campaigns to obstruct and destroy public action .
Democrats in the Senate , with White House backing , could be changing customs to make holds visible and filibusters costly ( for example , if senators using holds were identified and holds were made temporary , and if filibusterers had to maintain 40 or more senators present on the floor at all times ) .
But the Democratic Senate leaders do n’t take these steps , because secretly many Democratic senators are prima donnas who love the personal clout these practices give them .
The best time to have acted was back at the start , when President Obama was more popular .
Now it will be harder .
—
Democrats , in the end , are setting America and their party up to fail , by not figuring out how to move things with huge majorities short of 60 in the Senate .
Why vote for them , people will say , if they cannot do anything anyway ?
Or worse , if they engage in unseemly bargains to buy individual Senators ’ votes with measures against the public interest .
Good questions .
Some say we need a new “ constitutional convention . ”
I completely disagree .
The Senate is one of many federal features of U.S. government that spreads out influence across our vast and beautiful nation , and that is fine .
It does not bother me that some rules are less than purely majoritarian , that South Carolina has two senators .
But those senators should not be able to team up with only a two - fifths group to block all changes permanently .
They should be able to slow things down for a few weeks , if they take clear responsibility , but anything more should be supremely costly to them in time and embarrassment .
Majority political parties have to use procedural maneuvers , invent new twists , tweak rules , and change customs with the times .
Today ’s Democrats are not doing that in the Senate for the public good , and Americans have the right to be dismayed with them .
Republicans have always unabashedly done this sort of thing , when in the majority or the minority , to further their own partisan purposes .
The dirty secret is that modern post - 1980 Republicans believe government is the problem , and they are determined to use government ’s own rules to keep government from working for most Americans !
How Party Cultures Differ
Norman J. Ornstein is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
Our two major political parties have differences , and they are more than ideological ( although they are more ideological now than at any time in our lifetimes ) .
Some of the differences are cultural : Republicans in office tend to be more disciplined , more sensitive to internal ostracism , more willing to stick together .
When Democrats are in the minority , they like to cut deals , even with the other side .
That may be because of a minority mentality ; even though Republicans have had a sizable slice of power in Washington over the past couple of decades , an era of 40 straight years ( actually , 60 out of 64 years dating from 1930 to 1994 ) shut out of the House of Representatives , with nearly as dismal results in the Senate , left an imprint .
Republicans feel embattled even when in power , and they tend to hunker down together .
To be sure , activist conservatives out in the field do n’t show any impulse to hunker down with establishment leaders .
Their threats , rarely idle , to take on apostates in primaries provide further reasons for moderate Republicans to join with their conservative colleagues even when their ideological impulses might take them into bipartisan land .
And partly as a result of those threats , there are very few moderate Republican lawmakers left in Washington .
Read more …
Democrats are more naturally unruly , but also have more moderates in the House and Senate — with numbers that have been expanded in the past two elections as they have made inroads in otherwise Republican districts .
But those Democrats do not often face credible primary challenges from activist liberals ; there are n’t usually enough in their districts to make the difference .
Ron Edmonds / Associated Press Also , Democrats think of themselves more in governing terms — when they are in the minority , many like to cut deals , even if they are with the other side .
Look at the contrast between Ted Kennedy , cutting a deal with George W. Bush on a Medicare prescription drug plan , and no Republican willing at all to work with Barack Obama on health reform .
Having said that , the fact is that the unusually united Republican minority in 2009 — operating in unison as if it were a parliamentary opposition — has had an effect on Democrats .
They have been more disciplined and united in Congress than at any time in the more than 50 years Congressional Quarterly has been tracking votes .
And President Obama , as a consequence , has had more success on those votes than any president in a half century .
But when Congress is operating as if it were a parliament , and the Senate minority is using obstructionist tactics in an unprecedented way , raising the bar to 60 votes on every issue from routine to major , Democrats need more than perfect unity .
Sixty votes in the Senate are not always enough , especially if one of them is 92 years old and in precarious health .
Fifty - nine united votes might never be enough .
The Myth of Republican Discipline
Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and author of “ Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security From World War II to the War on Terrorism . ”
Democrats continually wonder why their party seems to have so much trouble holding their coalition together .
The fact is , any major political coalition is unwieldy and hard to keep intact .
It ’s a myth that Republicans have had an easier time remaining united .
Republican presidents — from Eisenhower to Nixon to Bush — have also struggled to keep their coalitions together .
When in power , Republicans have always struggled to maintain control .
During the 1950s , President Dwight Eisenhower engaged in fierce battles with Midwestern Republicans who were opposed to excessive foreign intervention and who did not think Eisenhower was doing enough to fight communism at home .
In the 1970s , Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford faced problems of their own .
Ronald Reagan , the California governor at the time , and other fellow conservatives railed against the policy of détente , claiming that the G.O.P. was too willing to negotiate with the Soviets over arms control .
We believe in allowing everyone on the planet to express themselves through filmmaking , with tools that they can own and improve .
We do that by harnessing challenging ideas , pushing the latest open - source technologies forward , and collaborating with artists and developers all around the world .
Pitivi is a Free video editor with a beautiful and intuitive user interface , a clean codebase and a fantastic community .
Join us ?
Sign Ursula Le Guin 's Petition Against the Google Book Settlement
* If you do n't know what is going on here , read or listen to this interview with Professor James Grimmelmann at the New York Law School first " Ursula Le Guin has started an online petition against the Google Book Settlement and is trying to get as many names together as possible to protest the Settlement before the January 28th deadline .
Here are the terms of her petition :
In order to sign the petition , you can either email " googleputsch@bookviewcafe.com " and ask to be included , or you can visit the " Book View Cafe " blog and add your name in the comments section .
In order to sign the petition , you must be a professional writer with some stake in the issue .
You must sign the petition before January 25th .
Le Guin is a fearless badass fiction - warrior anarchist , and we would expect nothing less from her than standing up to the entire publishing industry singlehanded if that is what she must do .
She is leading this fight .
She is old .
She is experienced .
She is not trying to position for her career or suck up to the existing publishing rackets .
Her books are all about doing what is right in the face of immense uncertainty and oppression , and it turns out that her values are not mere words .
Le Guin has been looking into the future for so long that this has become second nature to her .
It does n't take much wisdom to see that this deal is bad for fiction writers and is so legally strange that we ought to all be suspicious , merely on general principles .
We at the Fiction Circus would personally like to see a rights auction for all these orphan works in order to create an exciting new digital marketplace that benefits consumers , publishers , and writers
But , since this will never happen , the next best thing would be to overturn this Settlement , letting Google continue with their already - existing , legal " opt - in " electronic books program , forcing them to compete with everybody else who is trying to sell electronic books the old fashioned way : by securing rights -- case by case -- and then abiding by a contract that benefits both parties .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Unusual behaviors have been observed in wild chimpanzees in West Africa in the face of grass fires .
The chimps did not panic or flee , and some made ritualistic displays that suggest they understand fire and do not fear it , and they may even be able to control it .
Since chimpanzees are the nearest relatives to humans , the observations may shed some light on how our early ancestors harnessed fire .
The chimpanzees faced with a wildfire appeared to monitor the fire , and showed no fear .
The alpha male even performed a kind of ritualistic display toward the fire front .
Anthropologist Dr Jill Pruetz from Iowa State University made the observations at her Fongoli research site in southeastern Senegal , where hot and fast - moving wildfires are common in the savannah region towards the end of the long dry season .
Dr Pruetz saw the behavior , including " fire dancing " on two occasions in 2006 , and said she was surprised at how well the chimps could predict the behavior of the fires , which was better than her own ability .
She said in once case there was fire on three sides , and yet the chimps remained calm , even though the flames and smoke were clearly visible .
Pruetz said she thought their calmness could represent a key stage in controlling fire since it is necessary to overcome the fear before control becomes a possibility .
The leader of the group , the alpha male , emitted a barking sound unlike the usual warning calls , and then danced in a similar way to the rain dances noted by primatologist Jane Goodall , in which the chimps swayed in slow motion as thunderstorms approached .
Male chimps elsewhere have been seen displaying in this way , in a slow - motion dance to show their dominance .
The fire dance was a similar exaggerated dance , but directed towards the approaching blaze , and beginning when the fire sounds were quite deafening .
Dr Pruetz is convinced the chimps conceptualize fire , and it is known that captive apes can control fire .
She said that if chimpanzees can understand fire , the ape - like , small - brained ancestors of humans who lived in similar habitats around five million years ago could have done the same .
This means the control of fire could have occurred at a very early stage in human evolution , and long before the earliest archaeological evidence so far found of burnt remnants associated with human ancestors , which date to less than one million years ago .
Dr Pruetz said the main question is why they would try to control it ; what is the impetus ?
Dr Pruetz is able to get close to the chimpanzees because , although they are wary of humans , they apparently do not view people as predators because people in Senegal do not eat them and consider them close relatives .
The Fongoli chimpanzees , living in a habitat that is mostly grassland , are different to forest - dwelling chimps in many ways , including their habits of using caves , soaking in pools of water , and hunting with tools .
The findings are to be published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology .
Explore further Wild chimps have near human understanding of fire , study says
More information : Reaction to fire by savanna chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes verus ) at Fongoli , Senegal : Conceptualization of fire behavior and the case for a chimpanzee model , American Journal of Physical Anthropology , DOI:10.1002/ajpa.21245 Reaction to fire by savanna chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes verus ) at Fongoli , Senegal : Conceptualization of fire behavior and the case for a chimpanzee model ,
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Trekking and adventure companies , many of which sponsored the event , say the changes could pose a threat to their industry .
Mountain guide Tika Ram Gurung said one of the reasons for the meeting was to bring the ministers to the mountains to help provoke government action on the environment .
" We want the mountains to be the same as before .
All the mountains which were white , now they are black , " he said .
For the past years there has been a lot of hype around Ruby on Rails .
It ’s a modern web framework built on the dynamically typed Ruby language .
It makes heavy use of Ruby ’s meta- programming abilities to essentially create an internal domain - specific language for building web applications .
People love Rails , and rightfully so , but it ’s not perfect .
An often overlooked problem is debugging ; what if programmers make mistakes ?
Sure , real programmers do n’t make mistakes , especially ruby on rails programmers , but let ’s say they do , for argument ’s sake .
What happens then ?
Is the bug easy to track down , or do we get buried in stack traces that only DHH understands ?
To test this out , I followed Rails ’ “ Getting Started ” guide and made “ accidental ” mistakes along the way , to see how the system would react .
Mistake # 1 : Route to a non-existing controller
In my routes.rb I made a typing mistake , referring to a non-existing controller :
map.root : controller => “ homme ” # should be “ home ”
Ideally I would get an error message saying “ no such controller named ‘ homme ’ ” .
Instead , this is the result when loading the root page of the application :
The error here is “ Unintialized constant HommeController ” .
There are a few problems with this error message .
The first is the name mangling : I typed “ homme ” , which is apparently turned into “ HommeController ” .
I have no clue where I made my mistake , there ’s a stack trace , but none of these files are mine , they ’re all Rails framework files .
Where did I make my mistake ?
Mistake # 2 : mispell the symbol : controller in the mapping file
I misspell the symbol : controller as : controler
map.root : controler => “ home ”
The result , when starting the server :
This is actually not bad , it says : controller must be specified , so apparently it is missing .
It would be better if it would have noted that the : controler symbol we used makes no sense , but still .
Not bad .
Mistake # 3 : Linking to non-existent pages
Let ’s link to a page that does not exist , from our erb code :
<h1 > Hello , Rails !</h1 >
< %= link_to “ My Blog ” , post_path %>
Where post_path , should have been posts_path , results in :
The full error got truncated there , this is the full message :
post_url failed to generate from {:controller= > ” posts ” , :action= > ” show ” } — you may have ambiguous routes , or you may need to supply additional parameters for this route .
content_url has the following required parameters : [ “ posts ” , : id ] — are they all satisfied ?
As a newbie Rails user I ’m thoroughly confused by this .
The code that I editted is 100 % generated by scaffolding commands .
Why does it talk about “ posts ” when I said “ post ” , and what is this : id thing ?
Looking through my controller code , it turns out that there is in fact a post controller to be invoked here , namely the show action of the posts controller .
Still , to a newbie , this message is thoroughly confusing .
It is nice that Rails at least attempts to give a specific error message with suggestions on how to fix it , but to be honest , I do n’t get it .
Mistake # 4 : misspelling : confirm
Another piece of view code :
<%= link_to ‘ Destroy ’ , post , : confrm =>
‘ Are you sure ? ’ , : method => : delete %>
Note the misspelling of : confirm , there .
If you spell it right , you ’ll see the following window when pushing the “ Destroy ” link :
However , with : confirm misspelled as : confrm , it is simply ignored , resulting in immediate deletion of this record , without any confirmation .
Ouch .
Mistake # 5 : Mistyped property names in data model validation rules
I accidentally misspell the name of a property : name in my data model code :
class Post < ActiveRecord :: Base
validates_presence_of :nam # should be : name
end
When I now add or edit a post object through a form , I receive a validation error :
Nam ?
I do n’t see a nam field .
Sure , the bug is tracked down fairly easily , but still it looks odd .
Mistake # 6 : Misspelled formats
In controllers you can specify different representations of your output , e.g. a HTML , JSON or XML representation .
But what if you specify a format that does not exist , such as htm ?
respond_to do |format|
format.htm # should be html
format.xml { render :xml => @posts }
end
This is what happens when this piece of code is invoked :
That message reads “ uninitialized constant Mime : : HTM ” , this is slightly confusing because we ’re talking about formats , not constants .
Plus , apparently format is replaced with Mime : : or something and the “ htm ” is capitalized to “ HTM ” .
In the long stacktrace ( which I truncated for the reader ’s sake ) there is one mention of my code ( the line that starts with / Domain ) and indeed , this is the line where the mistake was made , still it ’s pretty hard to find .
Mistake # 7 : mistyping of a symbol in the context of data binding
Consider this piece of code :
def create
@post = Post.new ( params [ : poost ] )
respond_to do |format|
if @post.save
flash [ : notice ] =
‘ Post was successfully created . ’
format.html { redirect_to( @post ) }
format.xml { render :xml => @post , : status => : created , : location => @post }
else
format.html { render : action => “ new ” }
format.xml { render :xml => @post.errors , :status => :unprocessable_entity }
end
end
end
Spotted the mistake ?
Let ’s see what happens if we add a new post , which invokes this create action .
First we fill in the form :
We then push the “ Create ” button :
Wha ?
Where did all my data go ?
Oh right , I misspelled : post as : poost in the second line of that controller code .
Conclusion
If I would poke around a bit more , I ’m sure I would find a lot of similar examples .
I ’m not looking for explanations of this behavior , I get how it works .
The thing I ’m trying to demonstrate here is that poor error messages and very limited checking of your programs is a drawback of internal DSLs like Rails .
It would be much nicer for the programmer if programs were analyzed statically giving domain - specific error messages , rather than obscure runtime exception stack traces that are complicated to decipher .
Update : My response to common criticisms .
Update 2 : When JBoss Seam Fails .
Update 3 : When Scala DSLs Fail .
Newcomb 's paradox
Newcomb 's paradox is one of the most simply stated but astonishing of the so - called prediction paradoxes that bear on the problem of free will .
It was devised in 1960 by William Newcomb , a theoretical physicist at the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory and the great - grandson of the brother of the astronomer Simon Newcomb , while contemplating the prisoner 's dilemma .
A superior being , with super - predictive powers that have never been known to fail , has put $ 1,000 in box A and either nothing or $ 1 million in box B .
The being presents you with a choice : ( 1 ) open box B only , or ( 2 ) open both box A and B .
The being has put money in box B only if it predicted you will choose option ( 1 ) .
The being put nothing in box B if it predicted you will do anything other than choose option ( 1 ) ( including choosing option ( 2 ) , flipping a coin , etc. ) .
The question is , what should you do to maximize your winnings ?
You might argue that since your choice now can't alter the contents of the boxes you may as well open them both and take whatever 's there .
This seems reasonable until you bear in mind that the being has never been known to predict wrongly .
In other words , in some peculiar way , your mental state is highly correlated with contents of the box : your choice is linked to the probability that there is money in box B .
These arguments and many others have been put forward in favor of either choice .
The fact is there is no known " right " answer , despite the concerted attentions of many philosophers and mathematicians over several decades .
Reference
1. Gardner , M. Knotted Doughnuts and Other Mathematical Entertainments .
New York : W. H. Freeman , 1986 .
It was n’t as sunny this afternoon and so was a good chance to take a look at Shibuya in a different light .
The trees looked cold as well .
Which season of the year would you most like to visit Japan and Shibuya ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
The dying cells of this mouse with Alzheimer 's show up as green dots A simple eye test might be able to detect Alzheimer 's and other diseases before symptoms develop , according to UK scientists .
The technique uses fluorescent markers which attach to dying cells which can be seen in the retina and give an early indication of brain cell death .
The research has been carried out on mice , but human trials are planned .
Scientists from University College London hope this could lead to a high street opticians test for the disease .
The research , which is published in the journal , Cell Death and Disease , could enable scientists to overcome the difficulty of investigating what is happening inside the brains of those with Alzheimer's .
They currently have to rely on expensive MRI scans or post - mortems .
Fluorescent dye
This new technique enables scientists to track the progress of brain disease by looking at dying cells in the retina .
The cells show up as green dots because they absorb the fluorescent dye .
These findings have the potential to transform the way we diagnose Alzheimer 's
Rebecca Wood , Alzheimer 's Research Trust
The research has so far been carried out on mice , but the team is optimistic that the technique can be translated to humans .
Professor Francesca Coredeiro , lead author from University College London Institute of Ophthalmology said : " Few people realise that the retina is a direct , albeit thin , extension of the brain .
" It is entirely possible that in the future a visit to a high - street optician to check on your eyesight will also be a check on the state of your brain . "
" I hope that screening for Alzheimer 's will be available on the high street within five years . "
She said the research could help scientists to see how the disease is progressing by comparing retinal cell death a few weeks apart .
" Currently , the biggest obstacle to research into new treatments for neurodegenerative diseases is the lack of a technique where the brain 's response to new treatments can be directly assessed - this technique could potentially help overcome that . "
Patient trials
The first patient trials to assess the technique for the eye disease will begin later this year .
Rebecca Wood , Chief Executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " These findings have the potential to transform the way we diagnose Alzheimer 's , greatly enhancing efforts to develop new treatments and cures .
" If we spot Alzheimer 's in its earliest stages , we may be able to treat and reverse the progression of the disease as new treatments are developed .
" Dementia scientists currently lack a way of assessing the brain 's responses to new treatments in real time ; this technique may help overcome that obstacle .
" 700,000 people in the UK live with Alzheimer 's and other dementias , and that number is set to double within a generation unless scientists make rapid progress in their race for a cure . "
Dr Susanne Sorensen from the Alzheimer 's Society also welcomed the research , but stressed much more research was needed to see if the technique could indeed be used to diagnose the disease , or monitor the effects of drugs under development .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
At least seven people were involved in the assassination of a Hamas commander in Dubai last week , according to Dubai police chief Dhahi Khalfan .
"
It could be Mossad , or another party ... I do n't exclude any possibility .
I do n't exclude any party that has an interest in the assassination , " Khalfan told AFP .
He also said that the main suspects in the killing of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh held various European passports , AFP reported .
In Israel , meanwhile , officials said Sunday that Mabhouh played a central role in smuggling weapons from Iran to Gaza , but they refused to say whether Israel was responsible for killing the man it had sought for two decades .
Hamas leaders have accused Israel of killing Mabhouh in a posh Dubai hotel on January 20 and threatened revenge , though they have provided little evidence to support their claim .
Dubai authorities have said a " professional criminal gang " with European passports was likely behind the killing .
The defense officials said Mabhouh was key to moving arms made in Iran or funded by the Iranian government to Gaza , which is ruled by Hamas .
They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were discussing confidential information .
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied involvement in the killing .
Mabhouh was wanted by Israel for his role in the 1989 kidnapping and murder of two Israeli soldiers on leave , Avi Sasportas and Ilan Sa’adon .
There have been conflicting details about how Mabhouh was killed .
Talal Nassar , an official in Hamas ' media office in Damascus , said over the weekend that Mabhouh had been " poisoned and electrocuted in his hotel room in Dubai . "
But Mabhouh 's brother , Hussein , 49 , who lives in the Jebaliya refugee camp in Gaza , said his brother " died by electric shock and suffocation with a piece of cloth .
" Another of Mabhouh 's brothers accused Israel of killing him .
" Who had an interest in rubbing him out ?
Israel , " Fayek al - Mabhouh told Israel 's Army Radio from Gaza on Sunday .
" He was n't connected to any gang .
He was n't a criminal .
" Abu Obeida , Hamas ' military spokesman in Gaza , said Mahmoud al - Mabhouhwas passing through Dubai en route to another country when he waskilled , but did not say which country .
Iran has acknowledged bankrolling Hamas but has never admitted toarming the Islamist group , which wrested control of Gaza from Fatah inJune 2007 .
Israel is convinced Teheran has become a main pipeline forarms to Gaza ever since the Hamas takeover .
Stopping the flow of weapons to Hamas rocket squads has been a toppriority for Israel .
The air force pounded smuggling tunnels under the Gaza - Egypt border during its three - week war in Gaza last year andcontinues to target them sporadically .
The tunnels have been built toskirt an Israeli and Egyptian blockade of the tiny Palestinianterritory .
Hussein al - Mabhouh claimed his brother had survived two Israeliassassination attempts , including an attempt six months ago to poisonhim in Beirut .
Hamas posted pictures of Mabhouh 's body on its Web site Sunday .
Thephotos showed the body wrapped in a white burial shroud and a greenHamas flag and headband .
Mabhouh appeared to have been beaten , withbruises and welts on his nose and cheeks .
Israel has been linked to previous attacks on Hamas figures abroad , andother efforts to halt suspected arms shipments to Gaza .
In most casesit has refused to comment on the allegations against it .
Last month , two Hamas men were killed in a mysterious blast in Beirut .
Hamas said Israel was a suspect but did not openly accuse it of thekillings .
The leader of Hamas ' Damascus - based leadership , Khaled Mashaal , survived an Israeli poisoning attempt in Amman , Jordan , in 1997 .
Last year , Sudan — a close ally of Iran and Hamas — accused Israel ofattacking a convoy in a remote mountainous desert region ofnortheastern Sudan .
Media reports said the attacks targeted convoyssmuggling weapons en route to Gaza .
Israel is also suspected of assassinating a senior military commanderfrom the Iranian - backed Lebanese guerrilla group Hizbullah in Damascusin 2008 , and was accused by Iran earlier this month of slaying anIranian nuclear physicist .
National Infrastructures Minister Uzi Landau dismissed Hamasallegations that he brought the assassins with him when he traveled toDubai earlier this month to attend an international conference onrenewable energy .
" What we are seeing here is the wild Middle Eastern imagination coupledwith Palestinian anger that the Israeli flag is formally flying at aconference at a hall in Abu Dhabi , " Landau told Israel Radio .
I love knock - off toys .
Sure , they 're never as detailed or as articulate or as authentic as the real deal , but there 's a certain charm to figures that are clearly doing their best to emulate the genuine goods .
For this reason , I would like to oppose Fail Blog 's official position by offering my firm support behind Special Man , a cheap Superman knock - off that 's been labeled with the site 's infamously harsh FAIL stamp .
What 's so wrong with Special Man ?
Sure , he 's no Superman .
Sure , bubble casing is awkwardly off center .
The " S " emblem in the middle of his chest is cheaply painted and his bizarre snarl is n't doing him any favors , but does that give us the right to classify him as a failure ?
Eh , alright , probably .
Position revoked .
On a related note , have you guys ever heard of Spader - Man ?
Now that knock - off is an epic win if ever I 've heard of one .
In college , we used to imagine that a " Spader - Man " movie would focus on a shlubby superhero with two different secret identities in his corner played by actors David Spade and James Spader .
Now that " Spider - Man 4 " is dead in the water , my plans for Spader - Man have never been closer to reality .
Meritocracy and Jewish kinship networks
By Philip Weiss | January 13 , 2010
A lot of people are talking about David Brooks ’s distastefully - smug column in the Times yesterday about Jewish achievement , in which he says that we are 2 percent of the U.S. population and 25 percent of this and that .
And that we get all the patents in the Middle East while the Arabs smoke hookahs .
He asks how this can be , and talks about our incredible culture .
I agree : it ’s a helluva bookish culture .
Though that same intellectual culture is going out the window now that the chief occupation of Jewish leadership is saying , Repeat after us , apartheid is democracy .
But I ’d like to inject a realistic note here .
How much of Jewish achievement reflects the fact that Jews look out for one another ?
When I had to get a partner on this website to keep it going , I was most comfortable getting another Jew .
Years ago when I was at the Harvard Crimson newspaper , my Irish - Catholic friend Mary Ridge informed me that it was a “ Jewish club ” –we selected for our own kind ; and the Crimson produced a lot of professional journalism talent .
I have gotten most of my journalism work from Jewish bosses .
Jews have kinship networks as strong as other people ’s , maybe more strong .
All that Hollywood talent– producers are always aware of who is a Jew , and I am sure they feel more comfortable hiring Jews .
Landsman .
My parents liked the idea of my marrying a Jew because Jews are gemutlich , as my mom always says– family , kin .
We know all the social cues , can finish one another ’s sentences , etc .
And look at the New York Times , where Brooks works .
Is it an expression of Jewish genius that most of the political columnists are Jewish ?
Tom Friedman , Nick Kristof , Paul Krugman , Frank Rich , David Brooks et al .
Or does it maybe reflect the fact that a Jewish family has majority ownership of the newspaper and that most of the big editors have been Jewish and at some level , unconscious or otherwise , they favor Jews ?
So I think some of the amazing record of Jewish achievement reflects discrimination ; and Jews are powerful enough in this society that we ought to be conscious of that .
Brooks has often praised the late sociologist E. Digby Baltzell , and Baltzell said as much about the last establishment ; he said that WASPs favor other WASPs , and that it was hurting the American establishment .
I venture that the same thing is happening today in the Jewish portion of the establishment .
We discriminate in favor of our own ; and it ’s doing a number on foreign policy .
What should be done about this ?
Jews in powerful positions should be aware of this , and seek greater diversity in their hiring .
Source
Americans , at least as a group , may have reached their peak of obesity , according to data the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released Wednesday .
The numbers indicate that obesity rates have remained constant for at least five years among men and for closer to 10 years among women and children  long enough for experts to say the percentage of very overweight people has leveled off .
But the percentages have topped out at very high numbers .
Nearly 34 percent of adults are obese , more than double the percentage 30 years ago .
The share of obese children tripled during that time , to 17 percent .
“ Right now we ’ve halted the progress of the obesity epidemic , ” said Dr. William H. Dietz , director of the division of nutrition , physical activity and obesity at the disease control centers .
“ The data are really promising .
Mr. Burnett did not respond to a telephone message left at the office of his production company , and a Fox spokesman declined to expand on Mr. Burnett ’s comment .
Image
The host Kevin Pollak on the set of “ Our Little Genius . ”
Retaped episodes of the game show could eventually be broadcast .
Credit ... Mathieu Young / Fox
In its own statement , Fox said that it respected Mr. Burnett ’s due diligence and his decision to withdraw the episodes .
“ We agree there can be no question about the integrity of our shows , ” the statement said .
“ While these episodes will not air , the families who participated in the show will receive their winnings , and we are grateful for their participation . ”
The sudden withdrawal of the program just days before its debut and the disclosure that “ information was relayed to contestants ” raises obvious inquiries about whether the contestants were given answers to the quiz questions .
“ Our Little Genius ” has drawn criticism from psychologists and advocates for children who say they think it places unhealthy pressure on the contestants to win a game that offers their family “ life - changing money , ” according to the Fox promotions .
Two people close to the production  who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized by the production company or the network to speak to the news media  said that contestants were not given answers .
But contestants could have benefited from other information , like the topics to be covered or the questions that would be asked .
The issue of whether contestants were given answers or were otherwise directed to fake the outcome of a supposedly fair competition was behind the quiz show scandals of the 1950s .
Congressional inquiries into the scandals led to a federal law prohibiting the fixing of such shows .
Man Allegedly Tries to Rob New York Taco Bell , Then Requests Job Application
Tuesday , November 03 , 2009
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT
An armed man walked into a New York Taco Bell and demanded money and a job application , police said , according to MyFoxNY .
On October 26 , the man entered the Haverstraw , New York restaurant , pointed a gun at the cashier and demanded money , MyFoxNY reported .
Instead of fleeing the store , the suspect then walked into the manager 's office to request a job application .
The manager reportedly denied his request .
" He requested an application for employment , and the manager said ' No , ' " said Lt. John Hickey of the Haverstraw Police Department , according to MyFoxNY .
Police said no money was stolen .
The suspect remains at large .
Click here for more from MyFoxNY.com .
Scientists have come up with the first comprehensive map of global shipping routes based on actual itineraries .
The team pieced together a year 's worth of travel itineraries from 16,693 cargo ships using data from LLoyd 's Register Fairplay and the Automatic Identification System , which tracks vessels using a VHF receiver and GPS .
A few hot spots logged the majority of journeys .
The busiest port was the Panama Canal , followed by the Suez Canal and Shanghai .
" There is a strong similarity of statistical properties between shipping and aviation networks , " lead author Bernd Blasius , a mathematical modeler at Carl von Ossietzky University , wrote in an e-mail .
" But different ship types ( e.g. , container ships vs. bulk carriers or oil tankers ) are characterized by different movement patterns . "
The study will be published in a forthcoming Journal of the Royal Society : Interface .
Factoring in both the volume of ships and the number of other ports each is connected to , these are the top ports in the world :
1 Panama Canal
2 Suez Canal
3 Shanghai
4 Singapore
5 Antwerp
6 Piraeus
7 Terneuzen
8 Plaquemines
9 Houston
10 Ijmuiden
11 Santos
12 Tianjin
13 New York and New Jersey
14 Europoort
15 Hamburg
16 Le Havre
17 St Petersburg
18 Bremerhaven
19 Las Palmas
20 Barcelona
Image : Bernd Blasius
Citation : " The complex network of global cargo ship movements " Pablo Kaluza , Andrea Kölzsch , Michael T. Gastner and Bernd Blasius , J. Royal Society : Interface
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @tiaghose and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Texas will not compete for up to $ 700 million in federal education money , Gov. Rick Perry said on Wednesday , calling the Obama administration ’s main school improvement grant program an unacceptable intrusion on states ’ control over education .
Mr. Perry ’s decision , days before a Jan. 19 deadline , interrupted months of work by Texas officials and a consulting company financed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to prepare the application for the federal grant competition , known as Race to the Top .
Texas had been eligible to win up to $ 700 million of a total of $ 4 billion the department will award for encouraging charter schools , improving teacher instruction , overhauling schools and joining an effort to adopt common academic standards .
“ We would be foolish and irresponsible , ” Mr. Perry said , “ to place our children ’s future in the hands of unelected bureaucrats and special - interest groups thousands of miles away in Washington . ”
Mr. Perry , who is seeking re-election in November , is locked in a tough Republican primary battle with Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison , and both candidates have been trying to appeal to conservative voters .
According to estimates and figures the Wall Street Journal has dug up , anyway .
They quote a man defending the payouts and using the textbook banker bonus defence .
Banks should pay huge bonuses , says a corporate lawyer who advises on pay because :
" You ca n't just say , ' There is a lot of populist anger out there , so we are not going to compensate our executives who have worked hard to recover some shareholder value . '
Good work Mr. Corporate Lawyer man .
Just take the right to millions , or tens of millions , as a given and work from there .
No - one will notice .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Published online November 30th 2009 , in advance of the print edition of Psychosomatic Medicine , a new study by Dr. Edward McAuley , Professor of Kinesiology and Community Health at the University of Illinois in Champaign , has found thatmay reduce depression and fatigue by increasing .
Self - efficacy has been described as the belief that one is capable of performing in a certain manner to attain certain goals .
Data was analyzed from two published studies of people affected by chronic diseases , specifically 192 breast cancer survivors and 292 people with multiple sclerosis .
While there are many studies which show that physical activity reduces depression and fatigue for folks struggling with chronic illness , about this study is the suggestion that this may be a result of a person 's self - efficacy .
An example of self - efficacy is the conviction that you can walk around the block or climb a flight of stairs without stopping .
Wikipedia defines self - efficacy " as a belief that one has the capabilities to execute the courses of actions required to manage prospective situations " .
According to Dr. McAuley , " Physically active individuals have an , or situation - specific self - confidence , which in turn results in reduced depression and reduced fatigue . "
He went on to say that previous studies have shown that changes in people 's self - efficacy affect their levels of depression and fatigue .
" Our argument was that physically active individuals would have higher self - efficacy , which in turn would result in reduced depression and reduced fatigue , " McAuley said .
The research project involved self - report questionnaires from the participants and measured health status , physical activity , self - efficacy , depression , and fatigue .
Also required of the participants was that they record their physical activity with an accelerometer , which is a fancy name for a motion sensor , worn during waking hours for seven days .
They were again tested on all measures after six months .
The results of the study indicated that higher levels of physical activity corresponded to higher self - efficacy , as well asMcAuley and his colleagues concluded in their findings that physical activity had a direct effect on self - efficacy in both groups and that , in turn , self - efficacy had " both a direct effect on fatigue and an indirect effect through depressive symptomatology in both samples " .
He said the study provides a possible explanation for the relationship between physical activity and reductions in fatigue among chronic illness survivors .
In addition to Dr. McCauley , the research team included Siobhan White and Robert Motl of the University of Illinois , Laura Rogers of Southern Illinois University School of Medicine , and Kerry Courneya of the University of Alberta , Edmonton .
The studies were also funded in part by the Southern Illinois University School of Medicine , the American Cancer Society , Illinois Division , and the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Stroke at the National Institutes of Health .
Sources : www.psychosomaticmedicine.org/cgi/content/ab...
Steve Kirschner ... Steve has worked for over 25 years in the field of health and nutrition and is the developer of the " Equinox " , cardio / strength training system .
Active in all areas of fitness training , including yoga , running , biking , surfing , weights and gardening , Steve believes that we need to supplement a low GI diet with vitamins and hormones , based on measured individual needs .
Steve has trained numerous celebrity and business clients over the years , on a one on one basis .
For a free training session on the " Equinox " , email Steve @
From SI.com :
" I would try to get 10 small shows first , " said the former Michigan State wrestling star .
" Someone should really be ready before they go on The Ultimate Fighter .
If you do well , it will really pay off , but if you do n't , people will say ' this guy sucks ' . "
He also talks about the coaching he got on The Ultimate Fighter from B.J. Penn , the man he may challenge for the lightweight belt if he can beat Nate Diaz at UFN 20 and his experience training with Penn before the TUF show :
Should Maynard prove the experts correct and defeat Diaz , he would likely be the next contender for lightweight champion B.J. Penn .
Coincidentally , Penn was Maynard 's coach on TUF .
However , Maynard was not altogether pleased with the instruction he received .
" As a coach , you have to help the guys keep their goals , and I think he was just ' there ' , " Maynard said .
" He was like ' I just want to go home . '
I do n't really think we had the best training . " ... " After trying out for the Olympics , I went to a jiu - jitsu school in Las Vegas with a couple of guys from Hilo , " Maynard said .
" Penn called me up .
I did n't know who he was , but I went there and trained with him for about three weeks .
The training was much better in Hilo than TUF . "
But to get his shot at Penn , Maynard first has to get past the man who eliminated him from contention in the TUF tournament , Nate Diaz .
The first time they met , the green Maynard was n't ready for Diaz ' submission game .
We 'll find out soon if he 's improved enough to beat Diaz .
If he can clear that high hurdle , Maynard promises to be one of the tougher challengers Penn has faced at 155 lbs .
He 's got a wrestling game very comparable to that of a young Matt Hughes and he 's nearly as big as Hughes , one of the biggest guys in the UFC lightweight division .
Space has always mesmerized human beings .
The idea of substantially gigantic and complex galaxies that we see in movies and science fiction has always stirred up the human imagination .
That ’s why we decided to post something about space wallpapers , digital arts , photography and space images .
For this post , we have collected 45 + high quality space artworks , photographs and wallpapers that will for sure take your breathe away .
If you liked this post , please share it with others .
You are welcome if you want to share more space wallpapers and digital art images that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter and do not forget to become our fan on facebook as well .
Click on the images to go from where the images has been taken and learn more about their creators and to appreciate them .
Space Digital Artworks
Grand Universe by ANTIFAN - Real
Ngc1977 – Running man nebula by pfile
A New Dawn by Burning Liquid
Push the Button by TheUnlikedOne
Havona by ANTIFAN - Real
Shield World Construction by Phoenix-06
The Heat of Love by gucken
Fissure by Nameless Designer
Loca Infernorum by Taenaron
Serenity by ~ Artush
Western Hemisphere by gucken
Partis Fortuna by PrimalAce
Destiny – Good vs Evil by keepwalking07
The Gathering by =thiagochackal
Lost In Space by thiagochackal
In The Circle by JoeJesus
Cradle by Pr3t3nd3r
Point Of Honour by ^gucken
Excidium by ^taenaron
Galactic Segregation Updated by Nuukeer
Escape from Paradise by JoeJesus
Harvest by Sphereuk
Are You Receiving ? by Rahll
Pillars of Hope by Phoenix-06
Millions of Years B.C by Tr1umph
Rising by ifreex
Space Art Wallpaper
Orion Nebula
Helix Nebula HR
Astronomers ‘ Flip ’ Over Cartwheel Galaxy
Crab Nebula :
Space Wallpapers
Pismis
Available Resolution : 1680 px x 1050px
Preiades Star Cluster
Available Resolution : 1280×960 – 1600 × 1200
Red Square Nebula
Available Resolution : 1680 px x 1050px
Nebulae Wallpaper
Available Resolution : 1600 px × 1200px
Wallcoo Space Art
Available Resolution : 1680 px x 1050px
Nebulae Wallpaper
Available Resolution : 1600 px × 1200px
ETHERLIGHT
Available Resolution : 1280 px × 1024px
Astronomy
Available Resolution : 3000 px × 1681px
A Wheel Within A Wheel
Available Resolution : 1280X1024
Ring Nebula
Available Resolution : 1215 px × 1241px
Astronomy
Available Resolution : 1024px × 1021px
Swan Nebula
Available Resolution : 1024px × 831px
ETHERLIGHT by ANTIFAN -REAL
Available Resolution : 1280 px × 1024px
Nebulae Wallpaper
Available Resolution : 1600 px × 1200px
Boomerang Nebula
Available Resolution : 1600 px × 1200px
Who are the future stars of the sport ?
It ’s always a favorite topic of discussion among MMA fans , and one name that crops up as often as any in recent times has been Jon ‘ Bones ’ Jones .
Standing 6ft 4 ′ tall , and with an unusually long reach of 84 1/2 inches , Jones certainly has the physical attributes to be a fighter .
He does however admit that his nickname – ‘ Bones ’ – was given to him by his friends who would tease him about how skinny his legs were in relation to the rest of his body when he was growing up .
At the age of just 22 , he has already amassed a record of 9 - 0 in the light heavyweight division , including three victories in the UFC .
What ’s even more remarkable about this fighter however is that he has only been fighting professionally for a little over 18 months , and training mixed martial arts for approximately three years .
Skill - Set
Considering his relatively short time in the sport Jones has demonstrated a number of key skills in his repertoire .
Wrestling
Jon Jones was n’t completely wet behind the ears when he started his journey to becoming an MMA fighter , having previously been a national junior college wrestling champion .
This has of course proven to be a successful base for MMA over the years , from the early days of Mark Coleman and Randy Couture , through to modern stars like Brock Lesnar , and countless others .
What ’s particularly pleasing about Jones ’ use of Greco - Roman wrestling is his repertoire of takedowns , including moves not commonly used in the sport such as the german suplex and salto throw ( similar to a lateral drop ) .
He has stated in the past year that even in wrestling competition he thought of himself as a ‘ stand - up wrestler ’ , winning matches by repeatedly taking his opponent down rather than attempting to pin them .
It ’s a philosophy that he ’s adapted to work for MMA as well , and one that helps distinguish him from a number of other wrestlers in the sport who ’s style has been branded ‘ lay and pray ’ due to their preference for stifling opponents on the ground .
Striking
What has made Jones style so effective in his career so far is that in addition to his wrestling skills , he has also been developing other aspects of his game , particularly his striking .
Incredibly he began learning striking from video clips , rather than receiving professional guidance .
This appears to partly account for some of his eye - catching and unorthodox striking techniques , including frequent use of spinning backfists , elbows and flying knees .
These are largely self - taught moves that he practiced over and over until they became second nature to him .
He has since tightened up his stand - up skills at various gyms , before recently ending up with one of the sports top coaches , Greg Jackson , who appears to be further refining his game , while also encouraging rather than stifling his unique approach to fighting .
Jiu-Jitsu
By his own admission Jiu Jitsu is the weakest part of Jones ’s arsenal , though he has ended two of his nine fights via submission – guillotine choke to be precise – including against his last opponent in the UFC , Jake O’Brien at UFC 100 .
Despite having found more success in other arts so far , Jones is n’t disregarding this important component of his game .
Far from it in fact , as since joining Greg Jackson ’s camp he has stated that he has been working heavily on this aspect in order to become a well developed fighter .
At such an early stage in his career , that would appear to be a wise strategy , and one that may well pay dividends in the longer term .
Early Fights
There has been something of a whirlwind effect to Jon Jones early rise to prominence in the sport .
He took on his first professional fight on April 12th , 2008 .
Less than a month later his record stood at 4 - 0 .
Let ’s rewind back to his first fight though .
Luckily someone had the foresight to video the fight at FFP – Untamed 20 , where Jones faced off against another newcomer Brad Bernard who at the time had a record of 0 - 1 .
Check out the footage from the fight below .
—
—
As you ’ll have seen for yourself , Jones dismantles his opponent in less than two minutes .
It ’s clear at this early in his career he is most comfortable utilizing his wrestling background , something that Bernard seems ill - equipped to deal with .
The most notable action of the fight is the impressive salto throw that he uses to take the fight to the mat , something he would repeat to considerably more fan - fare in his fight against Stephan Bonnar in the UFC .
Emerging from the fight relatively unscathed Jones stepped back into the cage for his second fight just seven days later , this time against Carlos Eduardo at Battle Cage Extreme 4 .
Eduardo was 1 - 0 at the time , and to his credit took Jones to early in the third round before being knocked out due to punches .
Not content with that Jones was back in action six days later against Anthony Pina at an event called Ice Fighter .
According to the record books it was both Pina ’s first and last fight in the cage , and he lasted just 1.15 mins of the first round before Jones had earned the first submission win of his career .
After this win Jones would give himself a whole two weeks break from fighting , and then promptly went back to it , this time taking on Ryan Verrett who was 0 - 2 going into the fight ( though he has since improved to 2 - 3 ) .
As luck would have it someone filmed the action .
This footage is widely available on the net , but it is generally wrongly labeled as being Jones Vs Parker Porter .
The video begins just as Jones is recovering from an illegal groin strike .
Watch what happens next below .
—
Pretty good for a self - trained striker I think you ’ll agree .
Though the action was brief , it certainly serves an early indication that there was more to Jones ’s game than just a solid background in wrestling .
After his four fight winning streak , in which only one fight lasted beyond the first round , Jones took his biggest break between fights so far – a little over a month – and then faced Parker Porter at World Championship Fighting 3 .
Porter went into the fight with two wins to his name but was no match for Jones who notched up another knockout win after just 36 seconds of the first round .
A few weeks later on the 12th July , 2008 , Jones would return to Battle Cage Extreme to take on Moyses “ The Savage ” Gabin .
In hindsight it was perhaps the toughest fight in this formative stage of his career .
Gabin held a 2 - 1 record going into the bout , and has since moved to 4 - 2 , with his most recent victory coming in the Bellator Fighting Championships .
Despite this Jones would claim victory in the second round as he overwhelmed Gabin with strikes to claim the TKO victory .
After six fights and six victories in just three months , Jon ‘ Bones ’ Jones had proven that he was good enough to take a step up the ladder .
As it turned out he was about to take a giant leap up it as the UFC came calling .
Fighting In The UFC
On August 9th , just one month after his fight with Gabin in a small scale show , and four months since his pro debut , Jones was preparing to step into the octagon for his octagon debut .
At the time he was the youngest fighter on the UFC ’s roster , just 21 years of age .
His opponent was another newcomer to the UFC , the Brazilian Andre Gusmao .
Like Jones , Gusmao was on the rise with a record of 6 - 0 , but he had been fighting in the higher profile IFL promotion for much of his career , and held two wins over veteran Mike Ciesnolevicz ( who has also fought in the UFC ) .
The fight , which took place on the undercard of UFC 87 , would mark the first time that Jones had been taken the full three rounds in a competitive bout .
Despite that he put on an exciting display full of his trademark striking techniques , some of which can be viewed in the GIF opposite .
The slow motion footage perfectly captures how Gusmao struggles to read his intentions and is caught off - guard by Jones ’s unorthadox strikes .
While all three moves shown are found in MMA matches from time to time , it is very rare to see them all being thrown – and finding their target so readily – by one fighter in a single bout .
While Jones may not have been able to end the fight as decisively as some of his earlier ones , he had given both fans , and perhaps the UFC officials themselves , an indication of his potential .
The one drawback was that his fight had n’t aired live .
It was time for him to be given a chance to shine on the main card .
Jones would have to wait five months for such an opportunity .
It was perhaps a welcome break to continue to develop his still somewhat raw skills and give him time to prepare for his toughest , and most experienced opponent yet – Stephan Bonnar .
At the time Bonnar had a career record of 11 - 4 , and was on a two fight win streak in the UFC .
The bout was scheduled for the main card of the eagerly anticipated Penn Vs GSP 2 event – it was a perfect opportunity for Jones to showcase his skills , and quite literally he did just that .
It was a night in which virtually everything that Jones tried worked perfectly , with Bonnar being relegated to the role of human guinea pig as his opponent unleashed an assortment of spectacular throws and strikes .
The only thing it lacked was the one killer blow that would ended the fight inside regulation time .
Still , it was the kind of performance that fighters dream about and left a lasting impression on the millions who watched the fight air live around the globe .
Despite his impressive showing Jones would n’t feature on the main card in his next fight , but he did earn a spot on one of the promotions most historic , and most watched events ever – UFC 100 in July of this year .
This time he was set to face Jake O’Brien , a wrestler with a record of 11 - 2 who had previously fought at both heavyweight and light heavyweight for the promotion .
In the first round Jones pressed the action , but his strikes , which now included a number of low and high kicks , were less effective than in the past .
Things came together a little more as the fight progressed however and in the second round his now infamous spinning backfist clipped O’Brien ’s head and appeared to stun him .
Jones was swift to capitalize on the slumped over fighter and managed to secure a modified guillotine choke to claim the first win inside the distance of his UFC career , the second submission victory of his career , and his third win in the promotion .
The Future
So now that we know his past , what does the future hold for Jon ‘ Bones ’ Jones ?
Of course his next fight , against Matt Hamill at The Ultimate Fighter Season 10 Finale , is only a few days away .
The bout is scheduled as the main event of the evening and due to the fact that Kimbo Slice , a fighter who is capable of adding millions of viewers to an event , is also scheduled to fight means this is another excellent opportunity for him to make his mark .
Hamill ( 7 - 2 ) is a strong , durable fighter with well respected wrestling skills , but Jones believes he can match him in that department , and he is certainly the better striker of the two .
It wo n’t be easy , and it may go the distance , but this is a fight that Jones can win .
If he does it should allow him to take the next step up the ladder , confirming his place in the main card of future UFC events , and putting him into the mix with some of the more established mid-ranking stars in the division .
Names like Keith Jardine , Rich Franklin and perhaps even Tito Ortiz spring to mind for instance .
A loss would undoubtedly derail some of the hype surrounding him , but he is not a fighter who is likely to be cut from the roster in the near future , and he would be given time to redeem himself .
Can he become a future champion in the division ?
At this stage it ’s perhaps still too early to tell .
We have to remember that he is still a young fighter learning the ropes after a little over a year and a half of fighting professionally .
In his short career so far we have yet to learn how he will cope with adversity if he gets caught or things do n’t go according to plan .
How will he cope when he is the one that gets taken down ?
Also , while his striking brought him a number of K.O ’s and TKO ’s in his early fights , he has not achieved the same level of success in the UFC so far .
As the quality of his opponents increases we will get an opportunity to see just how effective his striking actually is .
It will also be interesting to see how much of a help or hindrance his unorthodox style will be as he faces tougher opposition .
While his eye - catching skills have helped to jump - start his career they may also be his downfall if he feels the pressure to entertain , rather than simply to go out and win a fight .
There is also the risk that his opponents will start to become familiar with his trademark moves and will be ready to counter them – a problem that current light heavyweight champion Lyoto Machida has recently discovered with his unique style .
One thing that is clear is that he is a quick learner , and there ’s no doubt that at just 22 years of age he ’s only going to improve over the next few years .
If he can continue to develop at his current rate then he is likely to become a serious threat for anyone in the division .
Before we conclude it should be noted that Jones himself believes that he will eventually move up to heavyweight .
Considering his age and build that does n’t seems to be an unreasonable goal .
He would need to add on considerable size though to compete on an even footing with the increasingly large competitors that currently dwell in that division .
Overall , in Jon Jones we undoubtedly have one of the most exciting up and coming fighters in recent times .
Over the next year or two , starting with his fight against Matt Hamill , we will find out whether he can truly harness his potential and become one of the most dangerous .
Article By RossC
Pictures courtesy of sherdog.com
—
If you enjoyed this article you might like some of our other featured fighter profiles such as :
Taking A Closer Look At Antonio Rogerio Nogueira
Taking A Closer Look At TUF 10 Competitor Marcus Jones
Taking A Closer Look At Strikeforce ’s New Signing Marius Zaromskis
Lyoto Machida : Analyzing ‘ The Dragon ’
—
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Troubled comic Artie Lange landed in the hospital after stabbing himself nine times in an apparent suicide attempt , sources told The Post .
Lange ’s frantic mom called 911 Saturday morning after she entered his Hoboken apartment and found the bloodied funnyman , a law - enforcement source said .
Lange sustained six “ hesitation wounds ” and three deep plunges .
A source close to Lange ’s management team confirmed that the Howard Stern sidekick stabbed himself , adding that his mother had come to visit him that day to drop off food .
Surgeons managed to save Lange despite heavy bleeding .
“ We all have our demons , ” Stern said on - air this week , referring to Lange ’s past battles with addiction .
“ Artie has given this show tremendous moments of great comedy .
He ’s a tremendous contributor .
He is a good man .
Do n’t forget how great he is . ”
A modern variant of the mythical “ grim and gritty ” fantasy campaign is the “ standard horror ” campaign .
How many of us have dreamed of running a horror adventure ( horror generally does n’t lend itself well to campaigns without high PC turnover rates ) where all of the PCs are regular people forced to confront something horrific ?
How much fun would it be to have a flight attendant , a bookish college student , a big box store salesperson , and a construction worker have to survive a horrific threat before help arrives ?
The GM ’s fantasy usually lasts until PC creation .
Unless the GM pregenerates the characters , she ’ll more likely end up with the ex-military commando , police officer , business executive with a black belt , and a paranoid survivalist with multiple firearms and ammunition in the trunk of his car .
When the GM balks , she ’ll likely get resistance from changing the PCs in the form of rationalizations .
The GM is left with the prospect of ending the campaign , forcing compliance , or “ going with the flow , ” allowing her grim horror scenario to morph into action - adventure .
There is another path , one that I find myself turning to more and more : keeping the horror while accepting the players ’ preferences .
Here are a few things I keep in mind :
1 . The extraordinary are the most likely to survive and thus the best people to follow in the scenario .
Think about it .
If the local mall becomes infested with mutant cannibalistic gnomes , the college athlete is more likely to survive than the middle - aged obese salesman with the heart condition .
This goes hand - in - hand with PC creation parameters as well ; if you put too many restrictions on PC choices , then you run the risk of making them too incompetent to survive or , worse , too uninteresting for their players to care if they do .
Accepting that your PCs will be the creme de la creme of the victims does not mean that you ca n’t run an effective horror scenario .
2 . Keep the toys and support to a minimum .
Players are generally a creative and accepting bunch as long as boundaries are reasonable .
Telling the players that their PCs have to have regular day jobs and begin play with no weapons does not limit them from making a martial arts master or an ex-commando that ’s now an unarmed off - duty security officer .
This allows the players to feel that their characters are viable and have a fighting chance if they can get their hands on some weapons .
Also , players “ justifying their sheet ” often come up with far more creative and interesting backstories than those that simply create a diner waitress or bookshop owner .
3 . Just because the PCs are extraordinary does not mean that those that they care about are .
Maybe the PC is a sharpshooter and wilderness guide , but that does n’t mean that her boyfriend is .
Similarly , the PCs may be passengers on a bus , train , or airliner with dozens of NPCs that are nowhere near as skilled as they .
Should the PCs leave them behind or try to help them survive through the night ?
Having NPCs to care about allows you to increase the threat ( and body count ) even if the PCs are able to fend off the horror on their own .
4 . The horror has bigger guns .
If the Call of Cthulhu RPG has taught me anything , it ’s that it does n’t matter if your PC is a frail professor or a tommy - gun toting gangster ; the Dark Young of Shub - Niggurath will squash them both just as flat .
In fact , it can actually be more horrific when your SWAT officer PC unloads his assault rifle into a horror and realizes that it has no effect !
Regardless of how strong or armed the PCs are , they ’ll have to rely on their wits ( ironically making the bookish college honors student more valuable than said SWAT officer in many cases ) .
5. Confrontation is not the answer .
Many players make their PCs with the expectation that they should be able to confront and defeat any Big Bad that you throw at them .
In many horror adventures , however , this is n’t the case .
Some adventures may stress survival ( “ we just need to get to the safe zone ” ) , making the ability to avoid or slow down the horror much more valuable than attacking it .
Other horror adventures may stress the acquisition and utilization of a “ magic item ” to save the day ( “ our bullets are useless , but if we can distract it long enough we might get it to run into the tar pit ” ) .
I ca n’t tell you the number of times I ’ve had a player say “ geeze , if I knew that ( insert skill ) here would ’ve been useful I would ’ve bought it / put more points into it . ”
If you keep stressing that confrontation is usually not a good idea , you ’ll find that your players will start designing PCs accordingly three or four horror adventures down the line .
These are some of the tips I use to keep the horror in my game while allowing my players the latitude to play what they want .
How about you ?
How do you keep the horror in your games while also keeping your players invested ?
The Himalayas have vertically receding glaciers , threatening water supplies that have been used for drinking water and for growing crops since the dawn of history .
Exactly how much will be gone , in the next twenty years in this particular region , at this rate , is the subject of some ongoing ( much ballyhooed by corporate media ) scientific uncertainty , but the fact remains that local farmers in this region find that water for crops is already being lost too soon in the year .
To restore glacier - melt locally to where it is needed , an Indian civil engineer ; now known locally as Mr Glacier , has built 10 imitation glaciers .
Like the invention of horizontally diverted water for farming in arid areas was 10,000 years ago , his idea is both brilliant and obvious …
Image by CortoMaltese
Artificial irrigation used to be horizontal .
Diverted water has fed generations over the millennia .
Now artificial irrigation needs to become vertical as well , as our glaciers recede .
Glaciers in this region of the Himalayas now form 4,000 feet above where they used to .
Regional average temperatures there have risen 1C for winter and 5C for summer in the last thirty years .
Local crops had evolved over time in conjunction with glacier - melt by May .
Since time immemorial , May was when ice used to melt at the lower altitude glacier that previously supplied the water that the crops needed .
But there is no longer any glacier to melt at that latitude .
With the rising local temperatures , snow and rain had also declined 60 per cent in the past 50 years .
That ’s where necessity prompted the invention of glaciers .
Chewang Norphel chose lower elevations 4,000ft lower down the valley , where the glaciers used to reach down to , but now are now too warm for large glaciers to develop .
Then he selected areas on the shady side of the mountain , where small amounts of water ( like from a dripping tap ) still freeze in certain shaded spots .
By diverting water to those areas in the shady side , a little at a time , he was able to freeze a little at a time , and gradually build up larger and larger mounds of ice .
He did this by building a system of pipes with holes in them to gradually funnel water down into shaded pockets at the lower altitude .
By adjusting the volume of water being sent down into the shaded region to freeze , depending on hourly temperatures , he was able to gradually freeze larger and larger areas .
By building these mini-glaciers where they used to have a gigantic natural supply of ice in glaciers that melted in May , ( which is when the local crops had evolved to require sowing by ) , he is now able to ensure that his gradually built - up glaciers melt again in the same month when farmers finish sowing their crops .
Artificial glaciers created by vertical irrigation will no doubt increasingly be copied around the world , as other regions face the same catastrophe .
Climate change affects some regions differently than others , making some places colder and some hotter , but on average raising global average temperatures .
The civil engineer who invented the first breakthrough of artificial irrigation in our early farming days is unknown , but Mr Chewang Norphel : the Indian civil engineer who invented the artificial glacier at Ladakh , India deserves to go down in our future history .
Source : Independent UK
Slime molds have evolved to produce some of the most efficient networks seen in nature , but just how good are they ?
As good as the notoriously complex Tokyo rail system .
Advertisement
The slime mold Physarum polycephalum forms networks between food sources that are as efficient and fault tolerant as anything we can design .
In order to test quite how good the mold is , and if it could be used to help human planning , a group of Japanese and British scientists pitted it against the Tokyo rail system , and found a surprisingly efficient result .
The scientists created a simulacrum of the area surrounding Tokyo , and placed the mold directly on the location of the city itself .
Neighboring cities were marked by food sources .
In order to replicate the geographical limitations of the area ( mountains and lakes ) , light was used to create regions the mold would avoid , as it does n't like illumination .
Advertisement
The mock - map was 17 cm wide , and over the course of 26 hours , the mold spread out evenly , colonized each of the food sources , and then refined itself down to a network of tubes .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This resulting map and the current Tokyo rail system were then compared to a minimal spanning tree ( MST ) analysis of the location , which is the shortest possible network connecting all the cities ( and is decidedly lacking in intercity links ) .
The analysis was run over three factors : cost , transport efficiency and robustness .
The existing Tokyo rail had a cost of 1.8 times the MST , where the Phyrasum network was 1.75 ±0.3 .
For transportation efficiency , the two were almost identical , with Tokyo scoring 85 % of the MST , and the mold 85 % ± 4 % .
The only area where humanity 's version was particularly better was robustness .
In Tokyo , only 4 % of faults in the network would isolate any part , where with the grown network it was up to 14%±4 % .
Advertisement
This is n't the first time slime molds have been used in this way , as a similar experiment was undertaken recently with motorways around the UK .
However , the combined Tokyo / British research has gone a step further , and mathematically modeled the way the mold grows , and simulate it .
With this , they were able to find a map that offered lower cost than the MST ( 0.7 x ) , and the same efficiency as the existing system .
Advertisement
With this model , the ability to map potentially complex networks can be undertaken , not just for rail or car , but also potentially for self - organized networks without centralized control , like mobile ad hoc networks , wireless mesh networks , remote sensor arrays .
Or , if you 're planning on founding your own country , all you need is some agar and slime mold to create an efficient highway system .
[ from Science ]
In the wake of Comcast 's decision to acquire a 51 percent stake in NBC Universal , the two companies have no immediate plans for a subscription - based version of Hulu , but NBC is considering the idea , executives said Wednesday .
In the wake of Comcast 's decision to acquire a 51 percent stake in NBC Universal , the two companies have no immediate plans for a subscription - based version of Hulu , but NBC is considering the idea , executives said Wednesday .
" We have no grand plans " for a subscription - based version of Hulu , Comcast chief executive Brian Roberts said during a conference call with reporters .
" We think the way NBC Universal is distributing its video content on the Internet is very consistent with the way we would do it , " Roberts continued .
" In other words , lots of broadcast content on Hulu , be very careful about the cable content that goes out on the Internet for free , and look at things like TV Everywhere as a way to control how that content goes out . "
Earlier this morning , Comcast that it would acquire the stake in NBCU for $ 6.5 billion .
General Electric will by Vivendi's 20 percent in NBCU for $ 5.8 billion , putting its stake at 49 percent .
The combined entities will be known as the Comcast Entertainment Group ( CEG ) , which will stand alongside Comcast Cable .
The joint venture " will bring together Comcast 's cable programming networks ( including our regional sports networks ) , Fandango and Daily Candy with the broadcasting , cable programming , movie studio , theme park , and online content businesses of NBC Universal , " Roberts wrote in a blog post .
Jeff Zucker , current president and chief executive of NBCU , will be chief executive of the new joint venture and will report to Steve Burke , Comcast 's chief operating officer .
" Talking about the product road map for Hulu is not something that we want to publicly talk about , " Zucker said Wednesday .
" Obviously , there are a number of things that Hulu is looking at and whether or not [ a ] subscription is something that makes sense is something that we 'll look at in the months ahead . "
Video Web site Hulu debuted as a joint venture between NBC Universal and News Corp .
Earlier this year , the Walt Disney Company announced that it too would .
Providence Equity Partners also has a stake .
Rumors of a subscription - based version of Hulu have been circulating for months after a and a suggested on separate occasions that it might be in the cards .
In June , meanwhile , which would allow Comcast subscribers to watch cable content online for free , including shows from TNT , TBS , , , and more .
" Hulu and TV Everywhere are very complementary , " Roberts said .
" There is a place for both , and I would anticipate for the foreseeable future , there will be a place for both . "
At this point , that foreseeable future is likely limited to a year - long approval process anticipated by both companies .
" We hope that [ NBC Universal ] will continue to run Hulu successfully because it's an important asset , " Roberts said .
" For the next year , those are their decisions . "
" Once deal is approved , we 're going to want NBC Universal to continue to do what it needs to do to maximize the value of its content on the Internet , " Roberts said .
For now , that 's not a decision over which Comcast has control , Roberts said .
As for " the specific question as to the Hulu strategy and charging for content , that 's really something for Hulu , something for Jeff [ Zucker ] and his team and the shareholders of Hulu to think about it .
We have no grand plans ; it 's certainly not in the cards . "
What is in the cards is overcoming what will likely be a lengthy regulatory process .
" The FCC will carefully examine the proposed merger and will be thorough , fair , and fact - based in its review , " a spokeswoman for Chairman Julius Genachowski said in a statement .
Sen .
Herb Kohl , chairman of the Senate Antitrust , Competition Policy and Consumer Rights Subcommittee , pledged to hold a public hearing " so that consumers can get a better sense of how this deal could affect their access to diverse programming and information , especially as they more often look to the Internet for such services . "
Sen .
John Kerry , chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on Communications , Technology , and the Internet , also pledged to " monitor that [ regulatory approval ] process closely " given that the deal is " extremely significant in scope and raises some complex questions . "
Roberts was not concerned .
" We think this is an approvable transaction .
It 's pro-consumer , it 's going to accelerate what consumers want , which is access to all the different types of content on different platforms , at different times , " he said .
" There 's a transition happening from physical to electronic delivery in all forms of media , and this is going to play a big role in making that really good for consumers . "
Roberts anticipated minimal layoffs .
" The overlap is very small , " he said .
Its headquarters will remain in Philadelphia .
Free Press , which filed a successful network management complaint against Comcast at the Federal Communications Commission , joined forces with the Consumer Federation of America to write a white paper on why the Comcast - NBCU deal poses a " major threat to video competition that would seriously harm the public interest . "
Among their concerns is NBC 's interest in Hulu .
" A merged company would have a powerful motive to starve competing online video sources by denying them access to vital content , " they said .
Several free market think tanks were less concerned .
" Simply put , the deal raises no general antitrust or diversity issue , " said Ken Ferree , a senior fellow at the Progress and Freedom Foundation .
" Comcast is primarily a distribution company , not a content company like NBCU .
And to the extent that programming withholding ever becomes an issue in an individual market , such conduct can be addressed on a case - by - case basis . "
Randolph May , president of the Free Station Foundation , said the merger should receive scrutiny , but was skeptical about antitrust concerns .
" This ' media concentration ' wolf done cried a few too many times to be scary anymore , " he said .
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
IT ’S the ultimate rejection of modern consumerism .
Mother - of - one Bethan Brunell has become so disenchanted with the materialism of society that she ’s decided to stop shopping completely – for an entire year .
The former recruitment consultant will forego everything apart from the essentials – food , fuel and toiletries – in the belief that opting out of impulse buying and retail therapy will lead to a more “ soulful existence ” .
Mrs Brunell , from Crumlin , near Newport , who ’s blogging about her attempt to ditch consumerism , was inspired to take on the challenge after agreeing a £ 2 limit on Christmas presents with friends .
She said the self - imposed ban on excess made her thriftier and more resourceful as she turned £ 1 - a - bag alpaca and mohair wool into treasured garments for friends .
And husband Steve ’s old boxer shorts have now become a pair of pyjamas after being adorned with neatly stitched sequins .
She said : “ I bought the wool on November 14 and did n’t have very much time so made them all scarves or wraps .
“ They absolutely loved them and were flabbergasted with the amount of presents they got for £ 2 . ”
Mrs Brunell , 33 , added : “ That ’s what started it and I thought giving presents is not really about how much money you spend – it ’s about the effort you go to . ”
But she admits her vow will not extend to preventing 15 - year - old daughter Megan adding to her record collection .
Should the teenager decide she has to have the latest You Me At Six or Kids in Glass Houses CD , or see them in concert , mum will happily oblige .
“ I do n’t mind supporting music at all and especially the younger bands that she tends to be into .
“ But if we buy music we ’re going to try and buy it from a little independent record shop rather than HMV or iTunes . ”
Mrs Brunell accepts that there is little need to buy anything other than food , fuel , toiletries and the occasional gift for the daughter .
She said : “ That ’s my point exactly – because I personally do n’t see it as a great sacrifice , but people seem to be interested in the fact I want to do it at all in the first place .
In the 1950s people did n’t go shopping as a sport , so that ’s my point – you do n’t need to be doing these things . ”
But Mrs Brunell , who cares for disabled RAF veteran husband Steve , said the biggest difficulty was avoiding the temptation to splash out for the birthdays of loved ones – like that of a close friend who turns 34 this weekend .
She said : “ Unfortunately her sport of choice is shopping as a celebration . ”
Instead Mrs Brunell , who is buying food from a local co-operative she helps run , has something else in mind for busy single mum Lindsey Humphrey , who works as a lone - parent adviser for Newport City Council .
“ I have planned her present already and it involves spending no money whatsoever .
“ I ’m actually going to give her a beautifully wrapped black bin bag .
But because she ’s a single mum who works an awful lot of hours the black bag is going to have a note on the top saying , ‘ Fill me with ironing , phone me to collect it and I ’ll drop it back to you a day later ’ .
“ I know she would appreciate that more than another necklace she wo n’t wear . ”
Mrs Brunell , who will use a sewing machine to make clothes during her experiment , says any money she saves may go on a honeymoon next year .
She and Steve , 40 , who suffers from osteospondylosis ( spinal arthritis ) following an accident while serving in Afghanistan , did not take one after marrying in June of 2007 .
Megan believes her mother will stick to her vow , but is questioning her sanity .
“ I think she ’s just lost her mind altogether .
It may be the start of the New Year , but my God !
“ I ’m worried about my pyjamas and what she ’s doing to them – she ’s putting sequins on them too . ”
You can read Bethan ’s daily updates at www.consumerismliberationblog.blogspot.com/
Odds are you are just now wiping the blood from your broadsword upon completing BioWare ’s massive RPG , Dragon Age .
Your eyes are now likely set on the stars as you await Mass Effect 2 to enter orbit .
Not enough RPG goodness for you ?
BioWare wants to bring you the third installment in the Mass Effect trilogy pronto !
" We are already at work on Mass Effect 3 , " BioWare ’s project manager , Casey Hudson , told IGN .
" Building the first bits of the story , putting that together . "
He goes on to ensure that awesome DLC is destined for Mass Effect 2 to keep people occupied while waiting for the conclusion to the trilogy .
Hudson promises an “ intense ” lineup of DLC to hit shortly after Mass Effect 2 ’s release .
" We always wanted to make sure that we got the entire trilogy of games done within this console 's life cycle .
We did n't want to take forever with it , " Casey said .
" So we definitely want to make Mass Effect 3 a fairly short turnaround , but also being that it needs to be a tremendous and epic conclusion to the trilogy . "
Short turnaround ?
Sounds like the most dedicated space explorers among you may have to rush through your six - plus playthroughs in order to appropriately prepare for the trilogy ’s conclusion .
Sony has announced that its upcoming PS3 - exclusive interactive drama Heavy Rain has completed the development phase and is off to manufacturing .
With the announcement also comes word that a demo will be available to try before the game ’s release on February 23 .
The PS Blog is offering a friendly reminder for interested parties to pre-order the title in order to receive the first chapter of the Heavy Rain Chronicles DLC at no cost , otherwise you will need to pay $ 4.99 and wo n’t even have access to the content until a month after the game ’s release .
The demo will be available as a download on the PSN on Thursday , February 11 .
Check out the latest trailer :
What states might look like if , as with Congressional districts , their borders were periodically redrawn to reflect population changes .
Click for larger version .
This map is by Neil Freeman from FakeIsTheNewReal.org .
It 's based on a division of the country into 50 state units with more - or - less equal population -- 5 to 6 million apiece -- and preserving existing boundaries where possible .
( As with the new state of " Missouri . " )
I love many of the other state names -- Lincoln , Joaquin , Tombigbee .
My childhood home would have been along the border of Coronado and Mojave .
In a reapportioned Senate each of these units would have two votes .
In the same spirit of " zero - based governance , " also consider H. Res. 1018 , introduced this week in the House of Representatives , calling on the Senate -- please ! -- to drop the recent aberrational practice of applying the filibuster to all legislation , and instead to reserve it for rare , emergency use .
Or , as its authors put it , " Requesting the Senate to adjust its rules to reflect the intent of the framers of the Constitution by amending the Senate 's filibuster rule , Rule 22 , to facilitate the consideration of bills and amendments . "
Worth a shot ! :
Please see follow - ups here and here
For many of its users , Google offers Web search results that are customized based on their previous search history and clicks .
For example , if someone consistently favors a particular sports site , Google will put that site high in the results when they look up sports topics in its search engine .
But there has always been one catch : people had to be signed in to a Google account to see such customization .
On Friday Google said it was extending these personalized search results to people who are not logged into the service .
The new service , according to a Google blog post , will use an anonymous cookie on a user ’s computer to customize search results based on the user ’s last 180 days of search activity .
A “ view customizations ” link will appear on the top right of the search results page , and will lead to an explanation of how the results have been tailored and how the feature can be turned off .
“ Our goal is to provide relevant search results , ” said Nathan Tyler , a Google spokesman .
“ The benefits that we ’ve seen for signed - in users were so great we want to extend those same benefits to everyone . ”
But the change is already irking privacy advocates , who say that using Google while not logging in was one way to minimize exposure to its data - collection practices .
“ The key point is that Google is now tracking users of search who have specifically chosen not to log in to a Google account , ” said Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington .
“ They are obliterating one of the few remaining privacy safeguards for Google services . ”
In an evaluation of the announcement on the blog Search Engine Land , Danny Sullivan noted that there was no way for searchers or others to view the saved search records on Google , and that Google was giving people the opportunity to permanently opt out of the arrangement .
“ All the major search engines have long recorded what you search on .
Google ’s simply using it to refine your results , ” Mr. Sullivan wrote .
In an appearance as varied as one of her song medleys , on Friday 's ( January 15 ) " Oprah Winfrey Show , " [ artist id = " 3061469 " ]
Lady Gaga [ / artist ] performed , announced that she 'll be donating the proceeds from one of her forthcoming concerts to relief for Haiti , and indirectly addressed her show cancellations in the wake of her collapse from exhaustion after a show on Thursday .
Regarding Haiti , Gaga said that all proceeds from her January 24 concert in New York will go to relief organizations for the earthquake in the embattled country .
" Haiti 's still suffering , " she said .
" And I was thinking earlier , because I was in New York during 9/11 and I always felt , the level of disaster is n't in the neighborhood of what is happening in Haiti , but I just remember feeling nobody really understood .
And I worry that young people do n't know enough about what 's going on there .
" And I will say today that on the 24th , the Monster Ball [ show ] in New York City , all of the money that I make in ticket sales and merchandise will go to Haiti .
And on the 24th you can also go onto LadyGaga.com and any merchandise that you buy , the money will go to Haiti . "
Reached for comment , Gaga 's label rep told MTV News the specifics of the contribution would be announced in the coming days .
( Learn more about what you can do to help with earthquake - relief efforts in Haiti . )
Although the concerts she postponed or canceled on Friday due to exhaustion did n't come up directly in conversation , Gaga did admit , " I always have very trying weeks in terms of my physical schedule . "
For Gaga 's performance , she stepped onto the stage with a ball and chain and spiky getup — complete with a spiked hairstyle — that was part dress , part pantsuit and busted out a medley that started off with " Monster " before going into her hit " Bad Romance , " complete with several dancers .
She later took the ball and chain , jumped on a mock taxi and attempted to break through its windshield .
( Oprah was shown pumping her fist in the crowd during the performance . )
She then slowed it down by completing the set at her piano singing " Speechless . "
Also appearing on the show was [ movie id = " 301495 " ]
" Avatar " [ / movie ] director James Cameron , and Gaga revealed that she had always wanted to paint herself blue , like the Na'vi in the film .
" It 's actually funny about James Cameron , because I 've been talking about how I want to paint myself blue for a performance for the longest time , " she explained .
" I 've been preparing to do it and then ' Avatar ' came out . "
In the interview with Winfrey , the singer addressed her long - simmering stardom aspirations .
" I do n't like that , actually .
It feels so weird when people call me ' lady , ' " she said about her stage name , adding , " I wake up in the morning and I get on my computer and I have files and reference boards and I call the Haus of Gaga all day and argue with them .
For me it 's all about being provocative .
It 's not just about getting attention , but about really saying something that affects people .
" The hardest part about my job is that I 'm bossy , really .
This is my only opportunity to live my dream . "
Gaga also gave Winfrey 's cameras a peek at the inner workings of her Monster Ball Tour , showing her wardrobe closet and her office .
She added that before her team hits the stage they have a very specific pre-show ritual .
" We always at the end of the prayer say ' Joanne ' altogether because that was my father 's sister , who died very young , and I believe she 's onstage every night . "
Learn more about what you can do to help with earthquake - relief efforts in Haiti , and for more information , see Think MTV .
Join George Clooney and Wyclef Jean for MTV's " Hope for Haiti " telethon , airing commercial - free Friday , January 22 , at 8 p.m. ET .
That was the question that Tyler Cowen posed to Moodys ' chief economist Mark Zandi in an interview posted last week for the Big Think 's " What Went Wrong " series .
If you follow my writing , then you know that I would love to see investors rid themselves of their dependence on the rating agencies .
Since Zandi works for Moodys , I was very interested to hear his response .
I do n't entirely agree .
First , let me say that I really like Zandi .
I 've talked to him a few times for articles , and he 's good at what he does , a nice guy and quite smart .
He 's also one of those rare people who prefers to get things right , rather than bend himself into pretzels to fit into some political ideology .
So I do n't think he 's just speaking the company line here , but expect that he really believes what he 's saying .
Still , I disagree .
He replies :
I think there 's a function for rating agencies because in a sense , there is a lot of despaired information and bringing it altogether is very costly and doing good analysis is difficult and you need scale to do it .
Some bond houses are gaining that scale and doing that on their own .
There 's the PIMCO's of the world and other big bond houses that have the skill necessary to put together the staff to do the kind of analysis that needs to get done .
But many other investors do n't have that scale and the rating agencies , in a sense , provide that for them .
And so , there are scale economies in that kind of analysis and in a sense the rating agencies provide that .
Also , there 's a lot more esoteric kinds of bonds and securities that are issued and it always will makes sense to have , I think , something like a rating agency providing an opinion as to the quality of that particular bond or that security .
So , I think there 's an economic reason for rating agencies , so I think they will always be around , obviously the role is going to change as a result of events , but I think there will always be a role for them .
I see things differently for two reasons .
First , how about the stock market ?
There 's plenty of information to analyze when evaluating a stock , but investors do that without an over - reliance on rating agencies .
For that matter , banks and investment houses could develop fixed income research teams for bonds that serve a purpose similar to the equity research groups that exist today to look at stocks .
That would provide a diverse spectrum of ideas , rather than a government - sponsored oligopoly of agencies charged with this task .
Second , maybe it's good that full analyses of complex bonds are costly .
I do n't know about you , but I think that there were entirely too many mortgage - backed securities in the market during the housing boom .
Maybe if investors had to bear the cost involved with doing the analysis themselves , they would have been a little less eager to scoop up those bonds .
Maybe then , demand for MBS would have been more restrained .
Consequently , there would have been far fewer mortgage originations .
The housing bubble might not have been nearly as severe , and we would have saved ourselves from a lot of trouble .
The point is that complex securities should be costly .
When a market has a staggering demand for complexity , then there 's probably a market failure lurking in the shadows , particularly when investors are n't doing the work .
By having a few rating agencies that claim to understand these puzzling products , and the market accepting their declarations as gospel , investors will fail to assign the right cost to abstruse bonds .
I think the market would ultimately benefit from a complexity premium .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The execution of El Monte school board member Agustin Roberto “ Bobby ” Salcedo in the Mexican state of Durango is a horrible reminder that Mexico ’s drug violence does not belong to Mexico alone .
It ’s ours too .
There is the fact that U.S. consumption drives the illicit narcotics trade , of course .
But there is also the reality that social and business relationships binding the two countries have resulted in a border that cannot guarantee Americans protection from drug violence .
An estimated 1 million American citizens live in Mexico , and many more travel there each year .
Families straddle the border , as do cities .
Some cities do so literally , and in those , violence may cross north ; others do so through their official and economic ties .
Salcedo met his wife , Betzy , of Gomez Palacio , Durango , when she came to Southern California as an exchange student ; he was past president of the sister city program between her hometown and his .
They were visiting family for the holidays and went out for drinks with friends when Salcedo , 33 , was abducted and killed along with five other men .
Salcedo ’s death is a tragedy for his family and community , and our hearts go out to them .
In Mexico , unfortunately , the killing is more commonplace and less shocking .
More than 15,000 people are believed to have been slain in drug - related violence there during the last two years , and although the vast majority are believed to have been traffickers , police or military , the victims include a growing number of civilians : more than 400 women , 149 minors , three dozen government officials and at least a dozen journalists in 2009 , according to Mexican media tallies .
The December killing of drug lord Arturo Beltran Leyva in an operation that also took the life of a Mexican marine was followed within days by the slaying of the marine ’s grieving mother , sister , brother and aunt .
Most of us think of violence as something that happens somewhere else -- or to someone else .
In Mexico , the bloodshed has spread from traditional trafficking strongholds in Sinaloa and Chihuahua to Morelos , where Beltran Leyva was killed , and Tabasco , where the marine ’s family was slain .
In Durango , Betzy Salcedo told The Times ’ Tracy Wilkinson that “ you ’re careful , you look around , but you never think this kind of thing can happen . . . to innocent people . ”
She and her American husband were having a good time one minute , and the next , “ we were in the mouth of the wolf . ”
Sadly , Salcedo is unlikely to be the last American caught up in the brutality .
Opponents of same - sex marriage in California rolled out their star witness Tuesday , an author and advocate who predicted that allowing gays and lesbians to wed would discourage heterosexual marriage and might lead to legalized polygamy .
Extending marital rights to couples who cannot conceive children would change marriage from " a child - based public institution to an adult - centered private institution " and " weaken the role of marriage generally in society , " David Blankenhorn , founder of the Institute for American Values , testified at a trial in San Francisco federal court on the constitutionality of the state 's ban on same - sex marriage .
Blankenhorn , the trial 's last scheduled witness , said he believes " leading scholars " share his view that same - sex marriage would weaken heterosexuals ' respect for the institution and accelerate a half - century - old trend of increased cohabitation and rising divorce rates .
But under cross-examination by a lawyer for two same - sex couples , Blankenhorn was unable to cite any supporting statements or evidence for that conclusion from the scholars he relied on for his testimony , though he said he was sure some of them would agree with him .
Plaintiffs ' lawyer David Boies also pointed to a passage in Blankenhorn 's 2007 book , " The Future of Marriage , " that appeared to contradict his entire position .
" We would be more American on the day we permitted same - sex marriage than we were on the day before , " Blankenhorn wrote .
He said Tuesday he still holds that view , and also believes that allowing gays and lesbians to marry would probably be good for the couples and their children .
Blankenhorn offered no explanation for his seemingly divergent views .
A lawyer for Proposition 8 , the November 2008 ballot measure that outlawed same - sex marriage , may ask Blankenhorn to explain his position when he returns to the stand today .
Prop. 8 's defenders called Blankenhorn to answer a question posed by Chief U.S District Judge Vaughn Walker when he ordered the trial :
How does a ban on same - sex weddings protect marriage , the stated goal of the initiative ?
The plaintiffs presented academic witnesses who said allowing gays and lesbians to marry would benefit the couples and their children and improve the status of marriage without affecting opposite - sex couples .
The ballot measure 's defenders said it merely reaffirmed traditional marriage , but their chief witness for Prop.
8 's benefits was Blankenhorn , who has spent two decades arguing against same - sex marriage .
His 1995 book , " Fatherless America , " contended that attacks on the traditional family had weakened the bonds between fathers and children .
Scholars overwhelmingly agree , he testified Tuesday , that marriage is " a socially approved sexual relationship between a man and a woman " and that the " optimal environment " for children is with their married , biological parents .
Allowing gays and lesbians to marry would further the " deinstitutionalization " of marriage , Blankenhorn said , and increase pressure to legalize polygamy .
Walker allowed him to testify as an expert on marriage over the objections of Boies , who pointed out that Blankenhorn has no academic degrees related to the subject .
The institute he founded in 1987 describes itself as a nonpartisan organization dedicated to " contributing intellectually to the renewal of marriage and family life . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A reader writes in about my plea to call your representative and ask them to vote for the Senate healthcare bill :
Unfortunately my congressman is a Republican .
The closest Democrat to me is Glenn Nye and he voted against it the first time .
It might be helpful if you could direct your readers to where they can get the phone numbers and e-mail addresses of their state ’s U.S. Representatives .
It ’s true : calling Republicans is n’t a great use of your time .
But if your representative is a Democrat , you should call .
Do n’t email .
That ’s a waste of energy .
Pick up the phone and call .
For a full list of congressional names and phone numbers , go to Congress.org .
Type in your representative ’s name and it will pop up an information page that includes a phone contact .
Do n’t know who your representative is ?
Enter your zip code and it will tell you .
Want to do more ?
You might try calling one of the folks on the list below .
On the left are representatives who signed a pledge not to vote for any bill that does n’t contain a public option .
They ’re probably opposed to passing the Senate bill as is , so it ’s worth calling to let them know that with the political landscape changed , it ’s time to rethink their position .
On the right are Blue Dog Democrats .
They should already be willing to vote for the Senate bill since it ’s a little more conservative than the House bill , but it ’s also got slightly softer anti-abortion language than the House bill .
So if one of them is nearby , give them a call too .
Be polite .
Be ready to sit on hold for a while .
But we ’re going to spend the next 20 years working on universal healthcare in America , and by the time we ’re done what matters wo n’t be precisely where we started , but that we started at all .
It ’s time to start .
Vision test ?
Check .
Dental exam ?
Check .
Routine physical ?
Check .
Obesity screening ?
Um ...
If it was n't on the keep - your - kids - healthy list already , it should be .
Because now there 's something to be done about it .
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force has recommended that not only should children be screened for obesity beginning at age 6 but that -- this is key -- they should be referred to an intervention program if they 're too heavy .
The task force is getting tough .
Before , it had simply recommended that kids be screened .
But the members were n't quite sure what constituted an effective intervention .
And this is not a group to make recommendations without evidence .
Today , the task - forcers know what works : moderate - to high - intensity programs that provide counseling on diet , physical activity and behavior , not just one or the other .
Here 's the recommendation statement from the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , plus the rationale behind the updated recommendations , what constitutes a " comprehensive program " ... and much more .
As for what defines " obese , " that determination is based on body - mass index .
Here 's more on BMI in children and teens from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
And a BMI calculator for children and teenagers .
If you want to do something about what you 've been trying to think of as baby fat before the next checkup , consider the agency 's resource page .
It includes links to exercise recommendations ( one hour a day ) , even a portion - control game .
Do n't laugh .
The information is useful and , considering that it 's supposed to rain all week , the game itself might look like a good option by Friday .
-- Tami Dennis
Photo :
Step right up , kids .
Credit : Hartford Courant
The Parrot AR .
Drone was definitely one of the highlights of our day ; how can you top a quadricopter that can fight with another using augmented reality , is easy to fly , and only needs an iPhone to control it ?
You simply can't -- this is just pure joy and is exactly what a gadget should be : it 's an electronic aircraft , has multiple cameras ( two to be exact ) , uses WiFi for control ( via an ad - hoc connection ) , and likely has more intelligence on board than a lunar lander .
This early version can only be controlled via iPhone , or iPod touch , but Parrot 's Henri Seydoux mentioned that it could be ( and we 're really hoping will be ) controllable by BlackBerry , Windows Mobile , and so on .
The AR .
Drone uses a pile of pretty sophisticated magic to enable it to fly -- those aforementioned cameras are just the start ( one forward facing , one facing down running at 60 fps that allows stability in light wind ) because you 've also got two ultrasonic transmitters for vertical stability , a three - axis accelerometer , and a two - axis gyroscope paired with a single - axis yaw precision gyroscope for good measure .
Needless to say , casual gamers and folks looking for a nice $ 30 gift need not apply .
Read on for more impressions and video !
In the next few home dates at the Bell Centre , one just might begin the see jerseys worn by fans proudly adorned with the number 57 on the back .
Benoit Pouliot , once a disappointing high draft choice for the Minnesota Wild in 2005 , is beginning to display the multitude of reasons why he was selected fourth overall in that summer session 's draft .
Large and very mobile , Pouliot has a nose for the net and hockey sense to spare .
Immovable in crowded areas , his deft touch has produced regular numbers since finding a home on a line with Scott Gomez and Brian Gionta .
With the Wild , it was only on rare occasions that his offensive instincts and physical attributes were on full display , but since coming over to Montreal in the trade that sent Guillaume Latendresse the other way , fans have been pleasantly surprised to discover his prowess .
I , like some others , was not pleased by his acquisition initially , focusing more on the disappointment of favoured player being dealt .
The perception at that moment was far from seeing that the Canadiens had found themselves a potential top 6 forward .
The reasoning being , team do n't simply give up on such talent so early on .
On the surface , it appeared that the two clubs had exchanged enigmas .
Latendresse , who we have all seen alternately prosper and flounder , was the known quantity .
Pouliot , on the other hand , was a wild card gamble few knew what to make of .
Often in trades , what is sought by fans is that a winner in a deal be declared , and the sooner the better .
What sometimes gets lost , as it does n't happen often enough , is that the players exchanged gain from the deal .
Thus far , such an ideal seems to be holding true , as both players prosper before our very eyes .
Hence , for teams and fans , not to mention the parties involved , it represents the best scenario possible .
In 22 games with the Wild , Latendresse has notched 10 goals and 6 assists .
His " coming out party " , so to speak , came earlier this week against Pittsburgh , in which a four point game against the Stanley Cup holders had fans shaking their heads , backtracking in double talk .
If Latendresse were to maintain his Minnesota numbers over a season 's course , an 82 game tally would read 37 goals and 22 assists .
Pouliot 's impact on the Montreal scene was however , not as immediate .
With a wrist injury at the time of the trade , he required a rehabiliation period before a short conditioning stint with the AHL Hamilton Bulldogs that saw the winger post 3 points in as many games .
He would go pointless in his first two games in his new uni , making a strong first impression alongside center Scott Gomez and a variety of wingers .
In 10 games since joining the lineup , Pouliot has now hit for five goals and an assist , which places him on a 41 goal pace over a season 's worth of games .
What has been most impressive though , is how well Pouliot has acclimated to the line since Brian Gionta 's return from injury .
Having played eight games as a regular unit , the trio has accounted for 21 points .
Prior to the return of Gionta , Gomez registered a 5 points night in his first two games with Pouliot on his flank .
Since then , he has counted for 1 goal and 7 assists in the past eight games .
In that span , Gionta has picked up where he left off prior to his injury , with 5 goals and 3 assists .
Below is chart showing what the Gomez , Gionta and Pouliot line have accomplished on a game basis since the December 23 date in Carolina .
Maingear has just launched three high spec overclocked systems to its range , the F1X 750 , F1X 500 and F1X 200 .
The new Maingear F1X 750 high performance gaming systems is equipped with an overclocked 3.6GHz Core i7-975 processor two ATI Radeon HD 5870 GPUs , 12GB of DDR3 - 1333 RAM , a 1.5TB WD storage drive and a X20 watercooling system .
The F1X range of systems have a unique , two - chamber case design that isolates the hard drives from other heat - producing components .
The F1X series features options that will satisfy the most power hungry gamers including a pre-overclocked Corei7 processor , maintenance free X20 liquid cooling , 12GB of triple –channel DDR3 memory , a Blu-ray burner , and a 80 GB SSD .
Available exclusively through Tiger Direct.com .
The base price for the F1X 200 is $ 2,249 , the F1X 500 is $ 3,099 , and the F1X 750 is $ 5,149 .
Via Engadget
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Here ’s something that is uniquely Portland .
Tessy and Tab Reading Club , a twice per month subscription by mail ‘ magazine ’ for early readers ( aged 2 - 6 ) is located on the east side of Portland .
One afternoon late last year , magazine publisher Judy MacDonald Johnston followed her love for coffee to the newly opened Heart Coffee on NE 22nd and Burnside .
She was so taken with the coffee shop that she decided to make it the subject of the an issue of Tessy and Tab .
The result is a pairing of two fantastic local craft businesses , each with a strong vision and passion for doing something unique .
Tessy and Tab Reading Club is a breath of fresh air in a market where even 2 year olds are heavily marketed to .
Focused on developing early readers , it delivers two printed booklet - like magazines per month via mail .
The club helps instill the the love , passion and skills for early readers .
It provides an exceptional ‘ marketing free ’ environment for kids to learn to read .
We ’ve been subscribers to the club for many years and have given subscriptions as gifts .
It ’s a truly exceptional publication and it ’s located right here in Portland .
Heart Coffee is a relatively new coffee house and roaster ( run by notable snowboarder Willi Yli- Luma ) .
Featuring one of the simplest and most straightforward menus I ’ve seen in a coffee shop , Heart Coffee has an extremely myopic focus on servering the absolute best coffee you can get in a cup .
While I was there for the “ Cocoa with Tessy and Tab ” event they were roasting beans .
You ’d think that they were conducting a science experiment .
I ’ve seen beans roasted in many places in town , but never with such intense focus and attention .
The coffee served at Heart is out of this world and is in the league with some of the very best coffee in Portland .
Since the issue of Tessy and Tab takes place at Heart Coffee , the owners of both companies invited local subscribers to come to Heart Coffee to share some hot cocoa and meet the reading club creators .
The baristas from Heart Coffee drew elaborate pictures in the foam of the hot cocoas and the kids colored in pictures of the barista ’s animal alter egos from the latest issue .
It was a fantastic pairing of two local businesses following their hearts and doing something special .
For More info :
Biggest Loser Season 8 WINNER is Danny Cahill ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
The NBC hit reality show The Biggest Loser produced two winners last night during the finale of Season 8 .
Winning the grand prize of $ 250,000 was Danny Cahill with an amazing 239 pound weight loss .
The land surveyor and musician from Broken Arrow , Oklahoma started his journey on The Biggest Loser campus weighing in at 430 pounds .
When he stepped on the scale last night , he was a slim and trim 191 .
Beaming from ear to ear , he resembled a young Paul Newman with his strikingly handsome good looks .
Cahill just got an offer he can't refuse .
The physician 's from The Doctors have offered to give The Biggest Loser winner free plastic surgery to remove the excess hanging skin - see photos and video here .
Winning the $ 100,000 prize was Rebecca Meyer .
Her starting weight was 279 .
She lost half of her former self by shedding 139 pounds .
Her current weight is 140 - see her makeover photos here .
Check out more photos and video below - including season highlights .
It ’s been more than 25 years since Martin Luther King Jr. Day was officially recognized as a federal holiday .
Today , civil rights groups , labor and religious leaders , students and people of all ethnic backgrounds nationwide are preparing actions and activities to pay tribute to King ’s birthday and his lasting legacy .
Here is a little bit of history of how far we have come in a county that elected its first African American president in 2008 .
It took 15 years to create the federal Martin Luther King Jr. holiday .
Marking his Jan. 15th birthday the Martin Luther King Jr. Day is observed on the third Monday of January each year .
It is one of four U.S. federal holidays to commemorate an individual .
Legislation to honor King was first introduced by Congressman John Conyers , D - Mich . , days after King was assassinated in 1968 .
The bill was stalled for many years .
It was n’t until 1979 when the bill first came to a vote in the U.S. House .
However it fell short by five votes .
Conyers and Rep. Shirley Chisholm , a New York Democrat at the time , resubmitted legislation to commemorate King in each subsequent legislative session .
Public pressure for the holiday mounted during the 1982 and 1983 civil rights marches in Washington initiated by Stevie Wonder and others .
Six million signatures , arguably the largest in favor of an issue in U.S. history , were collected and submitted to Congress in support of the bill .
Congress finally passed the measure in 1983 , which was then signed into law by President Ronald Reagan .
Ironically Reagan was opposed to the holiday and threatened to veto the bill .
He eventually recanted after Congress passed it with an overwhelming veto - proof majority ( 338 to 90 in the House and 78 to 22 in the Senate . )
It was first observed on Jan. 20th , 1986 .
For several years a number of states resisted celebrating the holiday and some opponents said King did not deserve his own holiday .
Some states gave the holiday alternative names and combined it with others .
Some southern states even celebrated Confederate Army generals instead .
North Carolina Republican Sen. Jesse Helms opposed the initial holiday and questioned whether King was important enough to receive such an honor .
He criticized King ’s opposition to the Vietnam War and accused him of espousing “ action - oriented Marxism . ”
Due to the failure of the 1990 proposition to honor the holiday in Arizona , the National Football League moved Super Bowl XXVII from Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe , Ariz . to the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , Calif .
And after a successful tourist boycott there in 1992 , Arizona voters finally approved the holiday .
It was n’t until 1999 that New Hampshire officially recognized the federal holiday .
South Carolina was the last state to recognize it as a paid holiday for all state employees .
MLK Day was officially observed in all 50 states for the first time in 2000 .
Since then hundreds of cities , suburbs and towns across the country honor King ’s dream for a more just and peaceful world with breakfasts ’ , luncheons ’ , parades , festivals , unity marches , peace actions and much more .
Health fairs and ethnic food fairs as well as all kinds of cultural activities are planned .
Civil rights , workers rights , immigrant rights , curbing poverty and homelessness , ending teen violence , charity work , volunteerism and building multi-racial unity for social justice and equality are some of the many themes celebrated .
Many note the cultural and political response to get involved and stay active in various communities that promote positive alternatives to racism and inequality is only growing stronger and bigger each year .
Labor unions are planning to observe the holiday this weekend in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Labor leaders say the observance comes at a significant time in history because this year marks the 50th anniversary of the Greensboro sit-ins to end racial segregation of lunch counters and other public areas .
The sit-ins , they add , launched a movement that eventually spread across the south paving the way for one of the greatest civil rights milestones .
In Tulsa , Oklahoma community leaders and students plan to celebrate actions and making King ’s dream a reality under the theme , “ Dream it , Plan it , Do it : Yes We Can ! ” A rendition of King ’s “ I Have a Dream ” speech is planned because organizers say it is still as relevant today as it was then .
In Michigan City , Indiana under the theme , “ Wake Up Martin Luther King Jr. – Welcome to the Future , ” will feature one of the last surviving pilots of the all - black Tuskegee Airmen .
The pilots played a key role during World War II in the allied victory over Hitler ’s fascism .
At the time the U.S. Armed Forces were still segregated .
The heroism and exemplary record of the airmen are credited with helping lead to the eventual desegregation of the U.S. military in 1948 .
Protest demonstrations have also been part of the King holiday weekend , along with days of service , inter - faith breakfasts and diversity , unity and youth celebrations .
Most recently immigrant rights supporters find the King holiday a natural fit to bring attention to racial profiling and discrimination of Latinos as a whole , and immigrants of all backgrounds , both documented and undocumented .
This year at least two major protests will take place , one in Phoenix , Ariz . , and the other in Chicago .
In Phoenix , farmworker leader Dolores Huerta , and musicians Linda Ronstadt and Zach de la Rocha will join the march for human rights , countering the anti-immigrant enforcement policies of notorious Sheriff Joe Arpaio .
In Chicago , Ill. , Reps. Luis Gutierrez , Jan Schakowsky , and Danny Davis will join the Rev. Jesse Jackson and Bishop John Manz during a mid-day rally to honor King ’s dream and call for comprehensive immigration reform .
King is remembered as one of the main advocates of nonviolent activism during the height of the 1960 ’s civil rights movement .
He is described as someone who gave his life for liberty , justice and equality for all people .
Many feel he forever changed the thinking of American society .
Photo : Students from Martin Luther King Jr. Elementary School march in the 2007 MLK Parade in Phoenix .
( AP Photo / The Arizona Republic , Tom Tingle )
Why Phosphorus
Without phosphorus , we can not produce food .
As an essential nutrient in fertilisers , phosphorus ensures the world ’s agricultural soils are fertile , crop yields are high , farmer livelihoods are supported and ultimately that the global population can be fed .
Yet it is uncertain whether the world ’s main source of phosphorus will be available and accessible in the future .
Phosphate rock is finite and becoming increasingly scarce , expensive and concentrated in only a few countries : Morocco alone controls three - quarters of the world ’s remaining high - quality phosphate .
At the same time , inefficient use of phosphorus from mine to field to fork is polluting our rivers and oceans , causing toxic algal blooms .
Global action is required now to ensure we can feed ourselves and future generations Read more
Subscribe to Our E - Catalogs
For the Love of Good Books Join Our Mailing List Email :
For Email Newsletters you can trust .
For even more photos of this cutie , plus video of her and loads of other babes , visit Total Super Cuties !
Models
Need more big tits ?
Find your favorite pornstars , centerfolds , or other adult models on our list here :
Pick a model Abbey Brooks Abbey Diaz Abby ( FEMJOY ) Abigale Mandler Adriana Chechik Adriana Tella Adrienne Manning Aemelia Fox AJ Applegate Albina Evans Alejandra Cobos Alektra Blue Alessia Rosse Aletta Ocean Alex Adams Alexa Campbell Alexa Loren Alexandra Cambron Alexandra Sokova Alexia Rae Alexis Capri Alexis Monroe Alexis Texas Alexsis Faye Ali Rae Ali Rose Alice Brookes Alice Wonder AliceM Alina Lopez Alisa I ( FEMJOY ) Alison Angel Alissa Arden Alyssia Kent Amanda Cerny Amber Hahn Amber Leah Amber Sym Amberleigh West Amelia ( Nubiles ) Ami Hannah Amouranth Amy Reid Ana Henao Ana Karoline Ana Montes Anabelle Pync Anastasia Brokelyn Andie Valentino Anetta Keys Anette Dawn Angel Cassidy Angel Dark Angel Gee Angel Sway Angela White Angie C ( FEMJOY ) Anita Dark Ann Angel Anna Smart Anna Song Annastasia Sweet April O'Neil Aria Giovanni Arianna Sinn Ariel Rebel Arietta Lex Ashleigh McAuliffe Ashley ( FEMJOY ) Ashley Robbins Ashlynn Brooke Ashton Blake Ashtynn Athena Faris Audrey ( FTV Girls ) Audrey Bitoni Austin Kincaid Ava Dawn Ava Nicks Avery ( FEMJOY ) Avery Ray Badgirlnatasha Bailey Knox Bailey Mattingly Barracuda ( Nubiles ) Bea Flora Becky Crane Belinda ( FEMJOY ) Belka Bella Blaze Beth Lily Beth Morgan Bettie Ballhaus Bianca Beauchamp Bianca Rose Bianca Yaz Bliss Dulce Blondie Fesser Brandy Gila Brandy Robbins Brandy Taylor Brea Bennett Brea Lynn Bree Daniels Bree Olson Briana ( Met - Art ) Briana Lee Briana Lee Xo Brittany 's Bod Brittnie Jade Brook Wright Brooke Adams Brooke Banner Brooke Marks Brookelynne Briar Brookie Little Bryci Bunny Colby Busty Alli Busty Robyn Busty Sonia Cali Logan Camerella Cams Candice Brielle Candice Collyer Capri Cavanni Cara Boyle Cara Mell Carisha ( FEMJOY ) Carli Banks Carmella Bing Carmen Gemini Carol Goldnerova Cassandra Calogera Cassie Clarke Catalina ( FTV Girls ) Catalina Cruz Catherine Callicott Catti Murzuk Celeste Star Charlie Nixon Chelsie Aryn Cheryl Blossom Chikita Chloe Love Chloe Toy Chloe Vevrier Christa ( FEMJOY ) Christine Vinson Christy Marks Ciccare Cikita ( DDFBusty ) Cindy Milley Clair Meek Clare Demure Clary Connie Carter Coral Guzman Corin Riggs Corinna ( FEMJOY ) Courtney Cass Crissy Moran Daisy Duke ( Cosmid ) Dakota Pink Dakota Rae Dana ( FTV Girls ) Dani Daniels Danica ( FEMJOY ) Daniel Sea Danielle FTV Danielle Riley Daphne Rosen Darcie Dolce Dare Taylor Daria Darshelle Stevens Dawson Miller Deanna Green Debora A ( Met - Art ) Delphina Demi Scott Denise Milani Desiree ( FTV Girls ) Devin Justine Dezire Tutto Diany Dee Dillion Harper Dina Sahari Dirty Lilly Dita Vetone Dixie Lynn Domenica Domenika W ( FEMJOY ) Dominno Dorothy Black Dream Of Ashley Dylan Ryder Dylann Vox Edda ( FEMJOY ) Edo ( DDFBusty ) Effie Galt Elena ( Only Tease ) Elizabeth Electra Elizabeth Marxs Elizabeth Reed Ella Cruz Elle Hunter Ellie James Ellie Leen Emilly Starr Emily Bloom Emily's Dream Emma D ( FEMJOY ) Emma Glover Emma Mason Emma Nicholls Emma O'neil Erica Campbell Erica 's Fantasies Erin Avery Erin Star Eufrat Eva Angelina Eva Elfie Eva Green Eva Lovia Eve Angel Eve Lawrence Ewa Sonnet Fawn Richfield Faye Reagan Felicia Kiss Felicity Fey Foxy Mary Frida B Gabbie Carter Gabriela Gabriela Lopez Gabrielle Lupin Gemma Lee Gemma Massey Genevieve Gandi Georgia Jones Georgia Sampiro Gia Paige Giana Van Patten Gianna Michaels Gillian Barnes Ginger Jolie Gloria Sol GND Kayla Got Gisele Gracie Finlan H Cup Holly Hailey Little Hanna Hilton Hannah Hilton Hannah Moore Haylee Hayley - Marie Coppin Hayli Sanders Hazel Moore Heather Summer Heather Summers Heather Vandeven Heidi Romanova Helen Louise Helen Star Hilary Craig Holly Garner Holly Gibbons Holly Peers Holly Webster HopelessSoFrantic Iga ( Met - Art ) In Bed With Ashley In Bed With Faith Ines Cudna Irelynn Dunham Irene Rouse Isabelle ( FTV Girls ) Ivy Wolfe Jade Baker Jade Bentley Jade Nile Jaime Hammer Jamie Green Jamie Lynn Jana Cova Jana Defi Janessa Brazil Janine Lindemulder Jasmine Foxx Jayden Jaymes Jaye Rose Jayla ( FEMJOY ) Jayme Rae Jeff Milton Jelena Jensen Jemma Scott Jenna Doll Jenna Presley Jenna Valentine Jenni Noble Jennifer Light Jennique Jenny Jones Jenny Mcclain Jenny Reid Jenny Wild Jeny Smith Jesse Capelli Jessica ( FTV Girls ) Jessica Ann Jessica Ann Fegan Jessica Ashley Jessica Cutie Jessica Difeo Jessica Nigri Jia Lissa Jillian Janson Joanna Bliss Jodie Gasson Joey Fisher Jordan Capri Jordan Carver Juliana Cruz Julianna Simms Julie Ambrose Kagney Linn Karter Kailena Kaisa Nord Kamilla Kaboose Kara's Handfull Karen Dreams Kari Sweets Karin Torres Karina Hart Karla James Kate Banks Kate Booth Kate's Playground Katerina Hartlova Kathy I ( FEMJOY ) Kathy Lee Katie Banks Katie Darling Katie Fey Katie G ( FEMJOY ) Katy ( FTV Girls ) Katya ( Photodromm ) Katya Clover Kaycee Barnes Kayla Coyote Kayla Kiss Kayla Love Kecy Hill Keira Blue Kelley Scarlett Kelli Smith Kelly Madison Kelsey Berneray Kiere ( Met - Art ) Kim Acourt Kim Velez Kinga ( FEMJOY ) Kirsty Corner Korina Kova Kt So Kyla Cole Kylie Cole Kylie Cupcake Kylie James Kylie Page Kylie Phoenix Kym Graham Lacey Banghard Lana Brooke Lana Kendrick Lana Rhoades Lara Wolf Laura Hollyman Laura Lion Lauren Clare Lauren Leola Lauren Louise Layla Rose Leanne Crow Lena Paul Lena The Plug Lenina Crowne Lex Nai Lexi Lloyd Lexxi Tyler Li Moon Lia19 Lillian Faye Lilo Mai Lily Chey Lily Xo Lindsay Werner Lindsey Marshal Lindsey Strutt Lisa Daniels Lissa Hope Little Candy Lorena G ( FEMJOY ) Lorna Morgan Louisa Lockhart Louise Glover Louise Porter Love Gisele Lucy Laistner Lucy Pinder Lycia Sharyl Mabel ( FTV Girls ) Mabelle ( FEMJOY ) Madison Ivy Maggie Green Maible ( Met - Art ) Malena Fendi Malene Espensen Mandy Lynn Mandy Michaels Mandy Pearl Maria Ozawa Marilyn Sugar Marketa Belonoha Marta ( Photodromm ) Marta Lovely Martina Mink Maya Milano Mea Lee Meet Madden Meg Turney Megan Summers Meggie Gold Melena Maria Rya Melissa Debling Melissa Lauren Melissa Midwest Melody Wylde Merilyn Sakova Merilyn Sekova Mia Malkova Mia Manarote Mia Sollis Mia Valentine Michaela Isizzu Michelle Marsh Michelle Monaghan Michelle Valentine Miel ( FEMJOY ) Mila Azul Milena Angel Milly Morris Miluniel Louis Mindy Vega Misha Lowe Misty Day Monica Mendez Monika Cajth Monika Vesela Moreaa ( Pinup Files ) Muriel ( Hegre ) My Cherry Crush Nalani Dacus Nastasy Natalie Sparks Natasha Oliver Naughty Allie Nici Nicole Graves Niemira Nikita Valentin Nikki Nova Nikki Sims Nikky Case Niky Nyx Monroe OlivaQ Ora Young Paige Rad Paige Tanner Paisley Osiris Pam Rodriguez Pandora B Paola Rios Penny Mathis Petra Mis Phoenix Marie Pokimane Pure Kelley Rachel Aldana Rachel Aziani Rachel Evans Rachel Hastings Raphaella Lily Raven Riley Rea Rebecca Leah Renata Daninsky Rikki Till Riley Anne Rita Faltoyano Robyn Bruce Romi Rain Rosalia ( FEMJOY ) Rose Valley Rosie Danvers Roxio Roxy Bloom Roxy Campbell Sabina Rouge Sabrisse Sage Hailong Samanta Lily Sandee Westgate Sandy Summers Sanita Sapphire Blue Sara Mills Sara Nikol Sara Stone Sara Willis Sarah Nicola Randall Sarah Vendella Sasha L ( FEMJOY ) Satene Castro Savannah Sixx Scarlett Belle Scarlett Morgan Selena Adams Selena Spice September Carrino Serena Banks Serena Wood Sexy Pattycake Shanie Gaviria Shanie Gavrila Shay Laren Shelly Roberts Sherice Shione Cooper Shyla Stylez Sibyl A ( SexArt ) Sienna ( Watch4Beauty ) Sienna Day Sigal Acon Simi Siobhan May Skye Blue Sofi ( Met - Art ) Sofi Shane Sofia Santana Sofie ( FEMJOY ) Sophia Blake Sophia Leone Sophie ( Photodromm ) Sophie Howard Sophie Mei Sophy Angel Southern Brooke Spencer Nicks Stacy Bloom Stacy Cruz Stella Cardo Stella Cox Stella Garmen Stella Lane Stormy Daniels Submissive Lexi Sun Lee Sunny Leone Susann ( FEMJOY ) Suzanna Aye Suzie Q Sweet Krissy Sycley Jam Syerra Skye Tahlia Paris Tailor ( Cosmid ) Tailor James Talia Amanda Talia Shepard Tara18 Tawnee Stone Taylor Kennedy Tegan Brady Tera Cos Tera Patrick Teresa Kurta Terry Nova Tessa Fowler The Red Fox Tierra Lee Tiffany Teen Top Heavy Liz Touch Mai Trina Michaels Tyla Jessop Ulya ( Met - Art ) Velana ( FEMJOY ) Velicity Von Veronica Da Souza Veronica Leal Veronica Zemanova Vicky Chandler Viola Bailey Violet ( FTV Girls ) Violla A ( Errotica Archives ) Wanda Ablee Wendy Patton Wendy Star White Angel Whitney Stevens Whitney Wright Wifey Winter ( FTV Girls ) XoXo Leah Yasmin Disney Yurizan Beltran Zelda B ( Met - Art ) Zuzana Drabinova
Sites
Not satisfied with just one gallery ?
Big D's posts free galleries from lots of sites , find more galleries from your favorite site here :
Pick a site 1 By - Day Abby Winters Actiongirls Ambya AMKingdom ATKingdom Aziani Babepedia Bare Maidens Bella Club Big Tits Glamour Bikini Riot Body In Mind Boobstudy Brazzers Breathtakers Bunny Lust CamWithHer Candy Girl Video Cherry Nudes Coolio's Erotic Babes Cosmid Cosplay Erotica Curvy Girl Nudes Danni DDF Busty DenudeArt Digital Desire Domai Emily Bloom ( site ) Errotica Archives Eva's Garden Fame Girls FanCentro FEMJOY Freeones FTV Girls Girlfolio Girls Out West GirlsWay Hayley 's Secrets Hegre Holly Randall ( site ) Honey Chest iStripper Joymii Leenks LSG Models Lunas Cam Lusted MC - Nudes Met - Art Michel Chloe MPL Studios Net Video Girls Nubiles Nude Muse Nude.hu Office Fantasy Only Tease Penthouse Phil Flash Photodromm Pinup Files Playboy Plushies Porn-Star.com Premium Wins Pure Beauty Real Bikini Girls RylskyArt Scoreland SexArt Simon Scans Skin Tight Glamour Snickers - baby ( site ) Spunky Angels St. Mackenzie's StasyQ Stunning18 Suze Randall Swimsuit Heaven Total Super Cuties True Amateur Models Twistys U Got It Flaunt It Watch4Beauty Wowgirls XoxyQ XX - Cel Zemani Zishy
Friends
ESPN 's Rick Reilly - a Colorado native - is the last person who should be opining on Tiger Woods ' personal and professional life .
And yet he 's doing it endlessly anyway .
It 's time for Rick Reilly to shut up .
I should probably be skewering the Nuggets for dropping a fourth road game against a sub -.500 opponent rather than take on a columnist who rarely covers the NBA .
But after reading Rick Reilly ’s pompous , unrealistic , holier - than - thou , how - to - fix - your - marriage column directed at Tiger Woods on ESPN.com yesterday , I ’ve finally had enough of this Reilly high - horse nonsense that 's been going on since Woods crashed his SUV into a fire hydrant two weeks ago .
For whatever reason , Reilly has become the self - appointed arbiter on all things in regards to Woods ’ – shall we say complicated – married life , and I 've been getting progressively more enraged with each Reilly appearance on the subject .
You see , not only is Rick Reilly one of the last people who should be publicly advising Tiger on his marital problems ( more on that shortly ) , but all of Reilly ’s advice , notably what was written in his latest column , is dead wrong .
Before diving into my rebuttal of Reilly ’s farce of a column ( titled " An image - rehab plan for Tiger Woods " ) , let me first state that I have no connection to Tiger Woods whatsoever , nor do I claim to know Rick Reilly personally .
However , since the Denver sports and social scene is relatively small , I ’ve met Reilly a few times over the years .
Being a longtime admirer of his work , a fellow Coloradoan and a syndicated cartoonist , sports animation producer and Nuggets blogger , I figured Reilly might be interested in talking to me the few times we ’ve met .
But instead , each time I ’ve introduced myself it ’s been painfully obvious that Reilly – who ’s nice for the first 30 seconds you talk to him and then basically ignores you while you stand there – ca n’t wait for the conversation to end .
When we last ran into each other , during a Nuggets playoff game , I attempted to congratulate Reilly on joining forces with Bill Simmons at ESPN.com ( I ’m a huge Simmons fan ) just to see what kind of reaction I ’d get .
Reilly could n’t help himself and cracked on Simmons by saying something like : " I do n’t know how that guy has the time to write so much .
I guess it helps when you just sit around the house watching TV all day . "
This was typical old media smugness and condescension from Reilly that we bloggers have heard from him before .
So do I like Reilly personally ?
No , not really .
But I respect what he ’s done with his career and commend his charitable work ( I even donated to Nothing But Nets after seeing Reilly advocate for it on " The Colbert Report " ) .
Maybe my personal thoughts on Reilly color my professional view of him in an unfairly negative way , but from my vantage point he ’s completely out of line and hypocritical when it comes to legislating how Tiger Woods should move forward from his infidelity debacle .
After all , Reilly , himself a father of three , is on to marriage number two and those of us who live in Denver or spend a lot of time there certainly know he took full advantage of his D - List ( or is it E - List ? ) celebrity status after his own divorce in 2003 .
Like any of us would do after divorcing our wife of 20 years , Reilly was routinely seen with girls substantially younger than himself before remarrying in 2008 .
Like most guys who stupidly marry too young – as Reilly did at 25 years old – I ’m assuming Reilly had to " sew the royal oats " before settling down again .
There ’s absolutely nothing wrong with that and I bet he had a hell of a lot of fun doing it .
Given all this , why of all people is Rick Reilly publicly telling Tiger Woods how to live his life ?
Making Reilly 's arguments even less credible , not once in his column does he refer to his own past shortcomings as a husband and father .
And yet Reilly has the audacity to claim that Tiger has " lost his mind . "
Lost his mind ?
Really , Rick ?
Moreover , in the column – as if stolen right out of a chick lit fantasy tale – Reilly preposterously proposes , among other things , that Tiger beg for forgiveness on Oprah , skip the Masters (! ) and possibly the U.S. Open ( !! ) , spend 24 hours a day on his marriage ( that sounds fun ) , fire his caddy , fire his agent and get some " new friends . "
Are you @# $ % kidding me , Rick ?
Not that Tiger needs my advice either , but never one to complain without offering solutions , here ’s what the world 's most recognizable athlete should do : get divorced , surround himself with his closest friends , keep caddy Steve Williams as close by as possible , avoid the press ( especially hypocrites like Reilly ) , play hours upon hours of golf and start winning tournaments again .
That ’s it .
And while Tiger goes back to work , the Rick Reilly 's of the world should join the rest of us in reality and acknowledge that marriage is no longer a viable lifestyle choice for the modern day professional athlete – especially for someone with Tiger ’s remarkably high level of visibility .
Unless they ’re in the Kurt Warner camp whose fear of retribution from Jesus for stepping outside their marriage is bigger than their fear of TMZ , marriage does n't work for even the average pro star .
Beyond the embarrassment of getting caught fooling around and the lives around you being temporarily humiliated in the process ( note I did n’t use the words " permanently " or " ruin " ) , marriage is n’t even practical for pro athletes on a business level anymore .
In the old days , an athlete had to get married to improve his image with sponsors and then fooled around on the side while the press protected him .
These days , not only do n’t they need marriage for the sake of their sponsors ( how many endorsements has Derek Jeter lost out on by being single all these years ? ) , but by getting married they ’re setting themselves up to fail as everyone is the media now and outing celebrities is the cheap path to boosting web traffic .
I guarantee when the news of Woods ’ various affairs came out every athlete north of 40 years old from Michael Jordan to Arnold Palmer thought : " Phew !
Thank god the internet was n’t around when I was at the top of my game !
( wink , wink ) . "
And yet Reilly adamantly insists that Tiger go back to the marriage well ?
What is this ; the 1950s , Rick ?
This is n’t to suggest that I condone what happened with Tiger ( lying is lying , regardless of whom you ’re lying to ) or that I do n’t feel bad for Elin Woods and their two kids , because I feel awful for them .
I come from a divorced home and know it ’s not easy ( and my parents marital problems certainly were n’t on the cover of every trashy women 's magazine at the grocery store checkout line ... sorry , girls , but it 's your magazines that are turning this non-story into a national outrage ) .
So whatever Elin is owed based on their prenuptial agreement , Tiger should triple it – maybe even quadruple it – for the painful public embarrassment he caused her and her family and for lying to her .
But if Tiger really does care for her and love her , money ’s not enough : he should let her go free rather than commence the Reilly - endorsed charade of saving the marriage through counseling , groveling and skipping golf tournaments .
At this point , all that stuff just takes valuable time away from the driving range .
Time
Tiger will need to win all four majors next year as part of his " Fuck You " tour .
Like many celebrities – Rick Reilly included – Tiger did something really fundamentally stupid long before he cheated on his wife : he got married too young .
Clearly Tiger , still a young man , was n’t ready to stay within the boundaries of the marriage he and Elin agreed upon ( some celebrities have open marriages ; I suspect this was n’t one of them ) .
But rather than double - down on stupid by attempting to salvage his marriage only to get caught again ( and he will get caught again ) , Tiger should do the right thing , ignore everything Rick Reilly and other would - be marriage counselors in the media are suggesting and BE SINGLE .
Besides , women dig single dads .
Just ask Rick Reilly .
Jim from Ipswich , Suffolk , UK says ..
" Very easy transaction process followed by a quick delivery .
Have a look at their ... "
Alwyn from Heidelberg Victoria Australia says ..
" Good people to deal with "
Articles
On Friday , Tony Blair appeared before the " Chilcot Inquiry , " the panel of hoary , lugubrious Establishment worthies set up to " examine " -- with extreme circumspection , exquisite politeness , and all due reverence to authority -- the " origins " of Britain 's involvement in the mass - murder spree known as the invasion and occupation of Iraq .
The event could be summed up entirely in a single headline :
Tony Blair to a million dead Iraqis , and the grieving survivors of British soldiers : Fuck you .
Blair 's appearance before the panel has occasioned some entirely misplaced and uninformed kudos from some in the American progressiverse , who laud the Brits for holding such a bold inquiry .
" It 's the kind of thing you would never see in the United States , " they say , forgetting , if they ever knew , such minor matters as the Watergate hearings -- which actually had the power to send people to jail for lying , unlike the completely powerless Chilcot panel -- or the Watergate grand jury , which named a sitting president as an " unindicted co-conspirator " in a criminal case , or even the impeachment of William Jefferson Clinton by the United States Senate , which I believe happened well within the adulthood of at least some of our leading progressives .
In any case , there was never any chance that the well - wadded Chilcot worthies were going to lay a glove on former PM turned corporate shill and Catholic saint - in - waiting .
Blair was never going to do anything but repeat the bluster -- and outright lies -- he has regurgitated ad infinitum about his blood - soaked adventure with George W. Bush -- and the Chilcotniks were never going to call him on his bullshit .
[ Blair 's knowing and deliberate lies are thoroughly detailed here . ]
And so it proved .
Blair strutted in -- through a back entrance , to avoid protestors -- and did the expected regurgitation .
The war was legal , the war was righteous , the war was legal , and it was the right thing to do .
After all , he claimed over and over , Iraq was clearly " in breach of UN sanctions ordering him to destroy all his weapons of mass destruction . "
Yet , as one observer noted in the Guardian , none of the Chilcot worthies deigned to point out to Blair that Iraq could not possibly been in breach of UN orders to disarm -- because it had no weapons of mass destruction .
It was already disarmed -- a fact which the US and UK had known since 1995 , and which could have been reconfirmed by the UN inspection teams in 2003 ... if Bush and Blair had not invaded before the inspections were over .
But Blair 's illogical connections were never challenged by the panel , nor did he explain why he and Bush invaded before the inspections were completed .
Instead , he simply evoke 9/11 over and over and over again -- and then blamed " the external elements of Iran and al Qaeda " for anything that went wrong after the invasion .
Apparently , there was not a single Iraqi opposed to the destruction of their country ; it was just a bunch of " outside agitators " causing trouble .
Blair 's absolute erasure of the Iraqi people in these passages is a perfect encapsulation of the whole mindset that drove the Anglo - American attack : the Iraqis are non-people , they are worthless chits in a geopolitical game , they are rags and automatons at the mercy of big - time players like the Western powers , Iran and al Qaeda .
Indeed , this was his main theme of the day : it was Iran 's fault .
In fact , Blair seemed to regard his appearance before Iraq
War panel chiefly as an opportunity to foment war fever for a new " humanitarian intervention " against Iran .
As Jonathan Freedland notes :
Blair pushed further , apparently touting a new war in the Persian Gulf , this time against Iraq 's neighbor , Iran .
All day Blair used his platform to bring up Iran , even when it was only tangentially related to the topic in hand .
The arguments that applied in 2002 – about WMD falling into terrorist hands – applied in spades to Iran in 2010 , he said .
Blair took " responsibility " for the war -- but it was a responsibility he gladly shouldered , one he was proud of .
As for all the people who have died because of this criminal folly , Blair had nothing nothing to say .
As Jonathan Freedland notes :
I thought Blair would have prepared a closing statement that would express , if not regret or apology , at least sorrow for the young British men and women in uniform who had lost their lives .
There was , surely , a way for a communicator as gifted as Blair to do that without giving ground on the justness , as he still sees it , of the war .
And yet , even when Sir John Chilcot asked him one last time if he had anything to add , Blair did not pay tribute to the dead – British or Iraqi .
He simply said " no " .
Just like the Hutton inquiry into the strange death of WMD whistleblower Daniel Kelly -- the results of which have recently been sealed up for the next 70 years in a " highly unusual move " by UK authorities -- the Chilcot panel was never going to bring any powerful miscreant to accountability .
It was set up -- like the American 9/11 Commission -- to siphon off festering anger and suspicion with a show of official concern .
By stirring up just enough murk to cover the small nuggets of truth that inevitably surface in such probes , the Chilcot inquiry , like Hutton , the 9/11 Commission , will be able to claim that while there may have been some regrettable " system " failures here and there on this and that , no actual powerful person should be held accountable for any inadvertent " mistakes " that were made .
And the scam is already working .
One of the panel of Guardian commentators , writing alongside Freedland , the " moderate , " Broder - like Martin Kettle , was already chewing up some conventional wisdom cud by the end of the day :
On the other side of the argument there were fewer interruptions than there might have been , fewer silly stunts , and actually fewer demonstrators than one might have expected .
Though passions are still strong , it may be that a lot of the poison and pain is ebbing .
In that sense , today was probably cathartic .
Yes , as good old Kevin Drum always used to say back in the old days , when splitting the difference between some atrocious Bush policy and the president 's " far left " critics , " that sounds about right . "
That hits the comfortable middle spot : yes , it was all a bit unpleasant , but now the " pain is ebbing , " and we can look forward to seeing fewer of those " silly stunts " that shrill extremists have used to draw attention to the mass murder of human beings in a war based on ostensible reasons which even the war 's architects now happily admit were unfounded -- and , according to Blair , unimportant .
So Saddam did n't have WMDs ?
So what ?
It was a good thing to kill all those people anyway .
Another of Kettle 's fellow commentators has a different view , however , and we 'll give the final word here to Seamus Milne :
The spectacle of official indulgence of a man many here and abroad regard as responsible for a devastating war crime has been sickening .
John Chilcot said at one point that the lessons of occupation had been " expensive , but very necessary " .
Millions of Iraqis who have actually paid that price take a very different view .
how can we keep space exploration going ?
If we 'll ever meaningfully explore space , the first thing we need is a vision from our leaders that stretches beyond just winning the next election .
Over the last year , I ’ve given more than my fair share of criticism when it comes to NASA and its management over its lack of innovation , Constellation ’s technological steps backwards and the looming problems with the ISS noted by a recent GAO report .
Human spaceflight and space exploration in the United States is going downhill and could eventually be handed off entirely to robots , an idea with which I ’ve disagreed on this blog and in an article on Discovery Space .
But as the old expression goes , anybody can criticize .
What are some of the possible ideas by which space exploration could be put back to the forefront ?
How can we grab political pundits and complacent lawmakers by the eyeballs and get them to pay attention ?
Is there a plan B for space travel and what strategies could work to keep the Space Age going strong ?
While I do n’t pretend that I have all the answers , there are a few thoughts that come to mind .
One place where to begin is to play the game politicians have been very successfully playing for the last eight years .
Rather than ask for more funding and highlight the benefits of space exploration in terms of jobs and a chance to develop groundbreaking technologies that will help us update our infrastructure and boost science and math programs across the nation , why not go on the offensive ?
When politicians today want something , they pin their opponents to the wall .
So why not point out that today ’s politicians do n’t care about science , math or keeping the nation ’s technological and scientific leadership ?
Sure they make pretty speeches about it but in the effort department , they always come up short .
Invoke the progress of other nations in space travel and say that rather than continue making their country a world leader in innovation and R&D , they ’re happy to sit back and cede that leadership to others while yelling about random - isms and fighting petty political battles .
Take a note of how few bills even try to emphasize science and education , use it as ammo to pronounce that today ’s government is not only content with America being an also ran , and they do n’t want to do a thing about it , they declared nothing short of a war on science and technological expertise , labeling them as elitism .
It may seem like a low brow tactic but unfortunately low brow tactics work and there are plenty of people with a very deep investment in the United States being the world ’s leader in something .
Bombarding them with dire , truthfully heavy messages could motivate them .
Rather than the cheery PSAs with smiling students talking up the benefits of education for the future , emphasize the problem .
Fear and anger are strong emotions and the political movements of today have been using them very effectively .
Vague , upbeat affirmations no longer elicit a real response .
Hence we need to note that Americans spend more on pizza than on NASA and just how far behind the nation ’s students are falling on international math and science tests due to badly thought out and reprehensibly shortsightedly administrated educational system which quickly discards exciting or stimulating teaching methods in favor of cramming for terribly mismanaged and politicized standardized tests .
The people need to know there ’s a problem and that it ’s not only bad , it ’s dishearteningly awful .
Of course even political gamesmanship and clear elucidations of exactly what education and R&D related to space travel and exploration can bring does n’t mean that the government will appoint good managers whose vision can put NASA back on the right track .
Higher budgets , driven by constant emphasis on the need to keep research programs humming at maximum capacity and campaigns which show what will happen should we keep going the way we ’re going now , will help immensely .
But we ca n’t leave everything to the government .
To really move things along , tax codes need to encourage R&D , give even more credits for education , and allow more and more corporations to rev up their scientific pursuits .
When it comes to space travel , space tourism startups can play an invaluable role in keeping human spaceflight going by partnering up with NASA , leasing their space planes and privately built space stations , and replacing today ’s huge , static contractors who have zero incentive to innovate and design new craft .
We also need to develop plans for how to profit from R&D and set up research programs for the purpose of not only solving scientific problems , but making technology used for the required experiments present commercially viable benefits .
Space exploration should be a mission , a manifestation of the kind of projects we need to keep ahead in the world economy .
We need to involve more and more students and professionals in the effort and find ways to make it profitable by finding value in scientific endeavors .
And very importantly , we need to stop just yelling into the wind about the important of education and exploration .
We need to turn it into a challenge and hold all the politicians , pundits and bloviating blowhards to task for vilifying science as little more than overrated elitism or an unnecessary indulgence , and threatening future progress in their quest for money and political power .
TORONTO –
The richest 10 percent of Canadians create a bigger ecological footprint – a whopping 66 percent higher – than the average Canadian household , says a new study by the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives ( CCPA ) .
The study , Size Matters : Canada ’s Ecological Footprint , By Income , is the first Canadian study to link national income and consumption patterns with global warming .
“ When we look at where the environmental impact of human activity comes from , we see that size really does matter , ” says Hugh Mackenzie , CCPA research associate .
“ Higher - income Canadians create a much bigger footprint than poorer Canadians . ”
Among the study ’s findings :
The richest 10 % of Canadian households create an ecological footprint of 12.4 hectares per capita – nearly two - and - a - half times that of the poorest 10 % .
While the size of an individual ’s ecological footprint increases as household income increases , the real jump is at that top 10 % level .
When it comes to environmental impact , it really is a case of the rich and the rest of us .
The bottom 60 % of Canadian households ’ ecological footprint is below the national average but even the lowest - income Canadians create an ecological footprint that is several times the average for those in poorer nations .
“ All Canadians share responsibility for global warming , ” says co-author Rick Smith , executive director of Environmental Defence .
“ But wealthier Canadians are leaving behind a disproportionately larger footprint – and should be expected to make a disproportionate contribution to its reduction . ”
Mackenzie says the study contains lessons for policy makers : “ Clearly ecological impact is stongly related to income .
Greenhouse gas emissions policies should reflect that reality or risk being less effective and unfair to low - and middle - class Canadians . ”
– 30 –
Size Matters : Canada ’s Ecological Footprint ,
By Income is available from the CCPA web site at http://www.policyalternatives.ca
For information , please contact Trish Hennessy at ( 416 ) 263-9896 .
If You 're Not Scared Of Spiders , You Will Be
Lesson here is to listen to your daughter .
Dora
The Explorer word of the day is ' Arachnophobia ' .
Now your kid's got it ( she so told you so ) .
Mehmet Ali Agca , Pope John
Paul ’s would - be assassin due to be released from prison on Monday , has answered a set of questions put to him by Reuters through his lawyers .
Earlier on Wednesday , his lawyers issued a hand - written letter to journalists in which he called for a new “ American Empire . ”
Our later news story on his answers to our questions highlights his stated desire to visit the late pope ’s tomb in Saint Peter ’s Basilica .
The statement went on to call on Pope Benedict to announce the end of the world and say he would prove he was “ Agca the Messiah ” and would write the “ perfect Bible . ”
Agca ’s answers are rambling and bizarre .
Since we ’re bound to hear more from him when he ’s released , here ’s the complete text of the Q&A to give a fuller view of his current thinking .
The Reuters bureau in Istanbul translated it from the original Turkish .
1 . How are you feeling after your many years in prison ?
“ For around thirty years I have been staying in cells on my own .
I experienced hell on earth .
But in spite of everything I am well .
I feel good in myself both physically and psychologically . ”
2 . Have your beliefs changed during your time in prison and what have you learned from your experience ?
“ I have read at least a thousand books , most of them scientific , during my time in prison .
I have experienced great change and development as a result of a synthesis of experience and knowledge .
I have understood world history .
I have understand the nature of humanity .
But I have not understood this at all :
How can it be that billions of people can believe that one person can hold a third of the millions of galaxies in his hand , even if he is the MESSIAH .
The TRINITY says that space billions of light years away is in the hands of the MESSIAH JESUS .
Is this possible ?
Furthermore there is not a word of the TRINTY in either the Old or the New Testaments .
If people could have asked these questions would the Monster Nazi mentality have easily come to power and carried out genocide ?
I promise $ 1 million to anyone who can point to a single use of the word TRINITY in the BIBLE . ”
3 . What do you want to do when you leave prison and where do you want to live ?
Do you want to get married ?
“ I do not have any thoughts about wanting to do this or that first of all after leaving prison .
What I mean is there is nothing that I have really missed strongly .
I am a psychology expert .
I am trying to be a perfect person through constant self watching , self analysis and self control .
I will probably set up home in Istanbul , Turkey .
I have not made a firm decision yet on whether to get married . ”
4 . Have you received book or film deal offers and what sort of book do you plan to write ?
“ Yes , I have received offers from many countries for many cinema films , television documentaries .
I have received book offers .
I want to write the PERFECT BIBLE .
And I say that the Bible which I write and the Vatican Bible should be studied by the American science academy and the Japanese science academy .
If as a result of that , it is not said that Agca ’s Bible is not more superior to the Vatican bible , more logical and scientific , my Bible should be cast into the rubbish bin of history .
I give my word to the world that within a few years I will prove with concrete historical documents that I am Agca the MESSIAH .
The world should wait and see . ”
5 . Do you plan to meet the current pope and the Vatican and what do you think about him ?
“ Yes .
I want to visit the Vatican and the Pope Ratzinger .
I also want to visit the grave of one of the most wonderful and respectable people of the 20th Century , Pope John Paul II .
This world , which is experiencing an economic , ecological and human crisis , needs the Vatican .
I , Agca , invite the Pope Ratzinger to announce the END OF THE WORLD .
It could be beneficial that this divine truth be known by all humanity in order for global crises to be overcome and for a better world order to be established .
The top of the Vatican state definitely knows that we have come to the end of the world and I am ready to prove my claim with concrete documents .
Do n’t forget that it was first I , Agca , who revealed to the world the Vatican ’s most secret document FATIMA – THIRD SECRET . ”
6 . What do you think about the current political situation in Turkey ?
“ I do n’t want to speak about this issue . ”
With My Respects ,
MESSIAH Mehmet Ali Agca
Question to readers :
What do you think about Agca after reading this ?
Should he get the reported multi-million - dollar book and film deals after his release from prison ?
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
I apologize if this is a bit long – but I felt it was important .
[ digg- reddit-me ]
When I read and hear and watch the progressive reaction to Obama – calling him a sellout , calling health care reform a scam , calling it a bailout of the insurance industry , claiming Obama has been allying himself with Rush Limbaugh , claiming Obama has betrayed them , asking when it is time to march Obama to the guillotine – I ’m reminded of how abolitionists reacted to Abraham Lincoln .
Despite his almost universally praised legacy today , in his time , Lincoln was a polarizing figure – scorned by Confederates and abolitionists , Copperheads and radical Republicans .
Yet in time , he came to be seen as our greatest president .
One has to wonder why all these involved and motivated individuals who eviscerated his actions as he did them came to see him as a visionary leader when these actions were seen in perspective .
The reason is that Lincoln was ruthlessly pragmatic .
He had principles , but was willing to forgo if he did n’t think he could achieve what he wanted .
Thus , Confederates seeing what he felt believed he was an abolitionist bent on the destruction of the South and seceded from the Union .
The abolitionists derided him as weak - willed and unwilling to stand on principle .
The progressives of today might learn something from looking at their precursors , the abolitionists of Lincoln ’s time .
Wendell Phillips , a prominent abolitionist , labeled Lincoln “ the Slave Hound of Illinois ” for his reluctant support of the reviled Fugitive Slave Act , even claiming as Lincoln ran for president that , that he was worse than James Mason , the author of the Fugitive Slave Act.
Lincoln won election promising not to end slavery , but that “ If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it , and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that . ”
He even refused to expand on his limited remarks to explain his thinking further – afraid that any further revelations might cost him votes that his carefully worded statement preserved .
After his election , Frederick Douglass declared : “ Abraham Lincoln is no more fit for the place he holds than was [ pro- slavery and worst president ever ] James Buchanan … ”
The aforementioned Wendell Phillips continued to attack Lincoln after his election : “ I believe Mr. Lincoln is conducting this war , at present , with the purpose of saving slavery … [ I ] f Mr. Lincoln had been a traitor , he could not have worked better to strengthen one side , and hazard the success of the other …
The President …has no mind whatever . “
When one of Lincoln ’s generals issued an order ending all slavery in the state he was ruling under martial law , Lincoln rescinded the order and fired the general , saying : “ I think there is a great danger , confiscation of property , and the liberating of slaves of traitorous owners , will alarm our Southern Union friends , and turn them against us . ”
Other abolitionists complained that Lincoln ’s “ face was turned toward Zion , but he seemed to move with leaden feet . ”
They declared him , “ stumbling , faithless , uncertain . ”
Even when Lincoln finally decided to make a dramatic move condemning slavery – his famous Emancipation Proclamation – it did not end slavery in America .
Only in those states still in rebellion , because , as Lincoln reasoned : “ I hope to have God on my side .
But I must have Kentucky . ”
Even after this Emancipation , the radical abolitionists in his own party sought to impeach him for being too soft on slavery and the rebellious states .
All through this , Lincoln was assailed by the abolitionists as weak , as timid , as cowardly , as unmanly .
He refused to let his idealism determine his policy – but rather let it guide it when possible .
Lincoln ’s legacy is rightly lionized – he proved to be a brilliant leader , pushing and prodding America in the direction he believed in over time , persevering as his supporters gave up hope , and always looking for the opportunity to push the country in the direction he believed it should be going , rather than forcing it into the place where he thought it should be .
This is the difference between a leader and a pundit .
After Lincoln died , one of his most prominent critics , Frederick Douglass , scolded himself and those other abolitionists :
His accusers , in whose opinion he was always too fast or too slow , too weak or too strong , too conciliatory or too aggressive , would soon become his admirers ; it was soon to be seen that he had conducted the affairs of the nation with singular wisdom , and with absolute fidelity to the great trust confided in him .
[ my emphasis ]
It is normal for those watching the day - to - day activities of a leader to be disillusioned , angry , and bitter , as idealistic hopes are broken on pragmatic realities .
While our politicians campaign in poetry , as Mario Cuomo said , they must govern in prose .
What frustrates me though is the type of short - term thinking and reacting that leads to good policies being destroyed for improvements being derailed because of their imperfections .
The health care bill before Congress is far from ideal – and it has been weakened every step .
But it is progress !
It is , in the words of progressive Senator Sherrod Brown , “ Not a great bill , but a good bill . ”
It will help millions of Americans .
( As well as , unfortunately , the profits of health insurance companies . )
Most importantly , it provides a foundation for future reform .
Remember that “ Social Security was designed to exclude African Americans .
Medicare did n’t cover prescription drugs .
Medicaid was mainly for pregnant women and their young children .
Canada ’s system was limited to a single province .
There was no University of California at Los Angeles . ”
Once the funding and system is there , it can be improved upon .
This bill takes a huge step to making health care insurance universal and expands access to health insurance more dramatically than any program since Medicare in the 1960s .
As a liberal , I ’d rather start reforming health care now and help the insurance companies as part of the bargain , then than fuck over the uninsured to spite the insurance companies .
To quote Ezra Klein :
To put this a bit more sharply , if I could construct a system in which insurers … never discriminated against another sick applicant , began exerting real pressure for providers to bring down costs , vastly simplified their billing systems , made it easier to compare plans and access consumer ratings , and generally worked more like companies in a competitive market rather than companies in a non-functional market , I would take that deal .
And if you told me that the price of that deal was that insurers would move from being the 86th most profitable industry to being the 53rd most profitable industry , I would still take that deal .
And if getting this done means caving in to a weasel like Joe Lieberman , who is willing to block this bill and let 150,000 die as a result of their lack of access to health insurance , then so be it .
I ’d rather protect the thousands than , in a display of pique , destroy any chance of reform .
( This posturing reminds me of nothing so much as a domestic application of neoconservative foreign policy :
It ’s better to be strong and get nothing done than appear weak and negotiate . )
So , to my brethren on the left posting at reddit , and on progressive blogs around the nation , remember this :
Be angry the bill has been undermined .
Be angry that various interest groups have gotten their way at the expense of the majority .
But keep perspective , and see which direction the bill moves us .
And ask :
Does it create a framework of exchanges and subsidies that can improve our health care system ?
Does it bring us closer to universal health insurance ?
Will it be easier to add a public option to this structure in the years ahead if , as seems likely , the health insurance industries continue their abusive behaviors , than to start anew ?
The answers are clearly , Yes , Yes , and Yes .
As a progressive , as a liberal , you do n’t have to be happy about supporting this bill .
But you should support it .
Postscript :
And to preemptively answer 3 other issues :
I have yet to see an argument which truly makes the case for why this bill should be scrapped from a progressive view that does n’t focus on insurance company profits – which suck – but there are worse things , or an exaggerated view of what the White House could have done , or an exaggerated view of how important the public option was to the reforms .
[ Image not subject to copyright . ]
Like Loading ...
Politics has not been the most glamorous subject for the longest time but has been carrying a whole lot of controversies and cynicism with it .
Millions of people around the world look up to watching the speech of a famous political leader , which mostly is the person who would have brought in the worst order to a country .
While many of the viewers love to watch the drivel of such politicians for the fun of it , others consider the content to be serious and life - altering as it could make the existing scenario to change .
But there is always a group of people who are less bothered about the events taking place in their country .
The youth has become a sucker for entertainment and sports so much so that they have been overlooking the relevance of politics , adding to the disengaged population .
Apathy hits these people over the subject of politics as the genuineness in the field is dwindling .
Nevertheless , you must understand what goes in within world politics .
Here are three valid reasons why you should care about politics and government .
1. Government and Politics Have an Impact on Our Lives
What most people are unaware of is the fact that politics has a rather direct impact on almost every aspect of our lives .
Government plays a key role in our daily activities ; be it your job or the tax you pay for your transportation and entertainment .
Now that you have been hit with the realization that the government impacts your choices and directions of life , it would be wise to invest some time into learning how the system works and what effort goes into it .
Law - making steps and amendments are just a few among the hundred rights of theirs , which exist to serve you .
All these systems function for your well - being ; so , it is your duty to check through the happenings within the government bodies .
2. Makes You an Informed Voter
A group of people who are n’t interested in politics news exist in all parts of the world , and in the US around 42 % of the eligible voters stay away from the elections , which simply indicates the apathy .
For everyone who votes , it is quite important to understand the facts and history of all the contestants .
To be an informed voter , you will need to read through various articles and pieces that are n’t sanitized and discuss the past deeds of the politicians .
Before casting your ballot , it would be great to go through interviews and do some independent research to have a clear picture of what the party stands for .
3. Politics Offer Entertainment
Although politics is n’t as entertaining as the movies or a house party , it surely has elements that can draw you to it .
Considering the election days , all the pompous speeches that may seem to be implausible to some viewers and the campaigns are an interesting watch .
The season of scandals and tussles is something that most of the fanatics wait for , and it is unapologetically exciting .
Google Nest Wifi at https://buytechstuff.com/nest-wifi-google-routers/ is a great place to use to connect to this website
So after getting a little addicted to playing Global Agenda and writing a few pieces on the subject for Massively , I started to notice this really odd wave of comments that actually confused me — people who refused to play GA because it was Steam exclusive .
They did n’t want to install Steam or deal with it , because they felt it was getting in the way of their gaming experience .
Some of the comments they had about it were absolutely venomous , such as how it hogged system resources , performed bad installs , updated games slowly , and was generally unwieldy .
When I was reading their comments , I felt like I had gone back in time to the year 2004 , when Steam first came into mainstream use with Half - Life 2 , and the first “ Steam Controversy ” was born .
In fact , just as I ’m writing this article , I went over and checked the Wikipedia entry on Steam .
Holy shit , talk about being biased .
If Wikipedia is to be believed , Steam is a buggy piece of crap that ruins video games , steals money from developers , and demands the sacrifice of first born children to the “ My Games ” tab before a game can be run .
Yet , even as I ’m typing , Steam is running comfortably in the background , doing whatever it is that it does in the background .
When I want to run a game , I open Steam , double click on the game , and it runs .
Beyond that , Steam offers me some amazing , amazing , amazing deals on games that I ’d like to play .
Deals that go above and beyond their 10 % discount on a game when you pre-order it .
From the Steam Holiday Sale alone , I was able to buy nice gifts for all of my friends , add 10 more games to my arsenal , and not spend more than 100 bucks for all of it .
The amount of money that I ’ve saved through using Steam as my distribution service is just amazing .
So , let me try to wrap my head around some of these reasons for why you should n’t use steam .
1 . It hogs system resources
So I pulled up the ctrl+alt + delete service menu to see just how much memory Steam takes up when it ’s running in the background .
Just so you all know that I ’m not making crap up , I put the screenshot off to the side here .
Click it if you need it blown up , as I know it ’s pretty tiny .
But , even with the visual evidence , let me break it down for you .
Steam , in this photo , is taking up 8,680 k of my memory .
Compare that against Skype , which is taking up 12,236 k , iTunes , which is taking up 32,976 k , Thunderbird , which is taking a hefty 46,308 k , and Google Chrome , the “ lightweight browser ” that ’s taking up a whopping 53,328 k over two processes .
For one instance of Google Chrome , I could run Steam six times .
So do n’t tell me that Steam is hogging your precious resources , unless you ’re running on a really , really small amount of RAM .
I ’m running on 2 GB , personally , and Steam does not impact how my games run .
Shit , the only reason I was running iTunes in this screenshot was because I was playing Burnout : Paradise .
And even while running iTunes , Steam , Google Chrome , and Thunderbird , Burnout : Paradise still ran at 60 FPS with everything turned on high .
Do n’t tell me Steam ruins how your game runs .
2. Steam ruins installs
I have 36 games on Steam .
Not one has misinstalled in the entire 4 year history of me using the program .
Either I ’m incredibly lucky , or Steam is n’t a rabid misinstaller .
Oh , and if you ’re talking about how Steam automatically updates games when the developer pushes out a patch , then that ’s not Steam , that ’s the developer .
If it updates and breaks your game , I ’m sorry , but it really does n’t happen as often as you want to say it does .
Once again , over my entire history of using Steam ( and having 3 different computers , each with a different setup ) I ’ve never had a game break from an update on Steam .
Ever .
3 . You need to be online to play Steam games
If you ’re on dial - up , then this is a legitimate gripe .
It does suck that you have to be online to play a Steam game , as Steam forces game authentication every time you run the game .
However , for the rest of you silly geese who are on broadband , what the fuck are you complaining about ?
Sure , this might suck for those of you who have bandwidth caps in other countries , but I do n’t see Steam pulling down that much bandwidth when I ’m playing .
It ’s very light on the bandwidth if you ’re not playing an online game .
If you ’re in the US , you most likely can’t gripe because we really do n’t have bandwidth caps around here .
I ’m constantly connected to the internet thanks to the wonderful advent of cable internet .
I ’m always online .
If I was n’t online , I ’d pretty much go insane .
Lastly , if you ’re bitching about adding Steam and you ’re adding it to play an online game , like Global Agenda , then go fuck yourself .
“ I have to be online to use Steam ” is not a valid excuse when the game you ’re playing IS ONLINE ONLY ANYWAYS .
4 . You ca n’t sell Steam games back to the retailer or to someone else
No , and you ca n’t sell PC games to GameStop either .
If you do n’t want to use Steam because you want to sell your games , then just do n’t use Steam .
But for online only games ( like Global Agenda ) then you really can’t resell the game anyway because it ’s tied to your account .
Once again , go fuck yourself .
* smiles and thumbs up *
5. Steam is a trojan horse
Thanks alot , Direct2 Drive , for making this really shitty comparison .
Sorry that your download service does n’t offer a community panel , IM and voice chat services , automatic updates that do n’t suck , and competitive deals .
Steam is not a trojan horse .
If anything , steam ( and integrating games into Steamworks ) lets developers utilize Steam ’s anti-cheat platform , their auto - update functionality , matchmaking and lobbies functions , and the very cool Steam Cloud which lets you keep your game saves and profiles online and take them wherever you go .
As long as you ’re logged into Steam , you get your games and your saves .
Very cool .
So , if you ’re still into hating Steam , then you ’re still pretty much stuck in 2004 .
If you still really do n’t want to use the program , then my advice is to just not use it and shut up about it .
Go off to Direct2 Drive or go shop at GameStop — you still have those options .
As for me , I ’ll be enjoying the Steam Cloud and my legion of affordable games .
~ Sera
The Google Web Server - custom - built server software used only by Google - now runs nearly 13 per cent of all active web sites , according to the latest survey data from the web - server - tracking UK research outfit Netcraft .
Netcraft data has the Google Web Server ( GWS ) running nearly 11 million active sites - i.e. , sites with recently updated content .
This total includes not only sites run solely by Google , but also sites the company operates on behalf of third parties via services like Blogger , Google Docs , and Google App Engine .
Apache is still the most prevalent web server , with nearly 44 m active sites , and Microsoft servers are second with nearly 14 m .
But the Google Web Server tops all others and trails Microsoft by a mere 3 m sites - despite being unavailable for use outside what Mountain View has called " the Google Network , " a worldwide proprietary infrastructure that amounts to a private internet .
Apache and Microsoft servers are available to anyone .
Google does not discuss GWS .
In the past , some reports have indicated that it 's based on Apache .
But in a 2007 web post , über Googler Matt Cutts indicated otherwise .
" That 's not correct , " he wrote .
" I believe GWS is a custom web server , not a modified version of Apache . "
Google did not respond to our request for comment on the Google Web Server .
And on previous occasions , it has given other news outlets a mere one - line description .
" The Google Web server is a custom - built server that runs on Linux . "
When Netcraft looks at all websites - active or not - the Google Web Server accounts for 7 per cent , or 14.5 m .
Apache handles around 111 m ( 54 per cent ) , Microsoft nearly 49 m ( 24 per cent ) .
Google 's private internet - which spans nearly 40 data centers across the globe - is built atop countless custom - built and proprietary tools , including a top - secret distributed file system dubbed GFS ; the distributed number - crunching platform known as MapReduce ; and a new platform known as Spanner that 's designed to automatically move and replicate loads between the company 's mega data centers when traffic and hardware issues arise .
Google also builds its own data centers and its own servers , with design help from Intel and , according to one source speaking with The Reg , a breed of Intel chip guaranteed to withstand higher temperatures .
Reports even indicate that Mountain View builds its own routers .
What 's more , Google has purchased its own dark fiber to move data between its data centers , and the company is building an underwater comms cable to move data across the Pacific .
According to the latest report from Arbor Networks , Google now accounts for 6 per cent of all internet traffic . ®
" We have had to perform dozens of amputations , including many double amputations , " said Dr Diana Lardy , from the Los Angeles - based International Medical Corps .
" The problem is people have n't got medical care soon enough , so wounds are very infected .
Some of them are coming in with bones just sticking out from the rest of the leg . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A group of suspected Islamic militants have attacked a jail in the southern Philippines , freeing at least 31 prisoners , prison officials say .
Two people , including a prison guard , are believed to have been killed during a gunfight as the prisoners escaped .
Basilan island 's Vice Governor Al Rasheed Sakalahul told the Associated Press the gunmen had wanted to free Muslim guerrillas held in the jail .
He said other inmates had also escaped during the attack early on Sunday .
Mr Sakalahul said about 30 gunmen had used sledgehammers to break through the jail 's concrete perimeter wall before using bolt - cutters to cut through padlocks on cell doors .
One of the prison guards was killed and another injured during the ensuing clash , provincial police chief Abubakar Tulawie told Reuters news agency .
' High - risk prisoners '
Regional military commander Maj Gen Benjamin Dolorfino told AP the 31 who escaped included suspected members of a Muslim rebel group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( Milf ) , and suspected militants from the Abu Sayyaf group .
Two Milf rebels accused of beheading a dozen soldiers on Basilan island in 2007 were among them .
" Those two rebel leaders are high - risk prisoners , " Mr Tulawie said .
" We have organised a team together with the military units on the island to pursue them .
" We 've started an internal inquiry to determine responsibility for the lax security in the jail . "
The escape came just hours before the country 's Defence Secretary Norberto Gonzales was due to arrive on the island , which is 550 miles ( 880 km ) south of Manila .
He is facing calls for emergency rule to be declared on the island because of Islamist violence .
The jail , located in the provincial capital , Isabela city , has a history of jailbreaks .
Three Abu Sayyaf militants escaped from the prison last year , while 16 prisoners broke out in 2007 .
Five years ago , 53 inmates overpowered their guards using smuggled firearms and fled the prison .
HOLLYWOOD — Nearly all Terry Gilliam ’s movies since Monty Python and the Holy Grail have survived more than the usual load of stress and strain wrought by busted budgets , distributor hassles , arguments over cinematographers and fights over final cut — not to mention floods , heart attacks and a broken back .
But all those obstacles pale next to the tragedy Gilliam ( pictured ) faced in January 2008 , when his star actor Heath Ledger died halfway through production on The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , the director ’s latest cinematic flight of fancy .
See also :
Fantastical Storyboards Offer Peek Inside Imaginarium
Review : Wobbly Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus Eventually Takes Flight
The PG - 13 movie , which expands Friday into wide release , showcases Gilliam ’s extravagant visual imagination in a story infused with the sort of richly detailed fairy tale accoutrements common to many of the filmmaker ’s previous efforts .
Characteristically , Imaginarium errs at time on the side of excess , yet it ’s a small miracle that the movie got completed at all .
In the film , a mystical traveling troupe takes its audiences through a magic mirror into a dreamscape reflecting each individual ’s deepest desires and darkest anxieties .
Ledger , who played a slippery trickster named Tony , died after filming the “ naturalistic ” portion of the movie .
Persuaded to move forward with the project , Gilliam replaced Ledger with three actors — Johnny Depp , Jude Law and Colin Farrell — who took turns playing Tony on the other side of the mirror .
During a visit to Los Angeles from his London home , Gilliam , 69 , displayed the sly , contrarian wit that has helped him weather a career filled with sporadically brilliant work , highlighted by the twisted sci-fi of Twelve Monkeys , the bureaucracy - gone - wild future hell of Brazil and the wonderfully warped adaptation of Hunter S. Thompson ’s LSD - riddled travelogue Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , along with cult fantasy epics including The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and Time Bandits .
Dressed in cargo pants , a Hawaiin shirt and orange running shoes , Gilliam talked to Wired.com about his collaboration with Ledger , his stream - of - consciousness approach to storytelling , the upside of adversity ( including a brief stint panhandling on the streets of New York ) and his perception , expressed by Doctor Parnassus , that “ the world is full of wonder for those with eyes to see . ”
Wired.com :
You first worked with Heath Ledger in 2005 when he co-starred with Matt Damon in The Brothers Grimm .
When I interviewed him at that time , Ledger said : “ Terry injects you with this energy .
We were almost imitating this certain kind of eccentric quality that ’s always been expressed in Terry ’s comedy through his entire career . ”
What was it like working with Ledger the first time ?
Terry Gilliam : I loved Heath on Grimm .
He was so funny , all the time , and on Parnassus even more so because he had evolved as the Joker .
Heath was giggling every day about what he was getting away with on that one .
LISTEN : Heath Ledger on Craft of Acting
Wired.com : So , raring to go on the Imaginarium set ?
Gilliam :
He kept everybody fired up .
He ’d arrive on set in the morning [ Gilliam claps his hand and flashes a broad smile ] : “ Let ’s go ! ”
Wired.com :
You ’ve said that Heath seemed “ liberated ” by playing the Joker .
Did he bring some of that manic energy to his role of Tony in Imaginarium ?
Gilliam : Heath was ad - libbing a lot .
He was so fast , and so good at it .
For me , it was a joy to watch him come up with fresh lines and different takes .
And everything he was doing [ was ] believable .
That was the key .
No matter how silly he was behaving , it was solid stuff .
Wired.com :
And you encouraged that sense of freedom ?
Gilliam : Always , totally .
To me , that ’s what you do as a director :
You get good actors , spend time in rehearsal preparation , then give them the space to explore and play and see what happens .
On Parnassus , Heath was setting up the foundation for what he was going to do on the other side of the mirror .
His accent is shifting from Aussie to Cockney to posh — he was becoming everything , anything he wanted .
The one thing I would have given anything for would have been to see what Heath was going to do on the other side , but he never got there .
Wired.com :
You considered shutting down production after Ledger died , but instead , you came up with a work - around by bringing on Johnny Depp , Jude Law and Colin Farrell to take over the role .
[ See video , embedded right . ]
Gilliam : Because of what Heath had done in creating this guy who ’s very liquid and light , it allowed Johnny , Colin and Jude to move in and be different faces and do different things .
With Tony , wherever he needs to go , to do whatever he needs to do — he can do it .
Wired.com : Heath Ledger was so restrained in Brokeback Mountain and then he does a complete 180 with the Joker .
In Imaginarium , he seemed to play Tony slightly over - the - top .
Gilliam :
With my stuff , you have to go a little over - the - top because you ’re fighting the sets [ laughs ] and the costumes .
My films do tend to be theatrical .
They ’re hyper - realistic and some people hate that , but for me , it works , because in a sense I ’m saying , “ This is artifice . ”
As filmmakers , what we do is artifice .
What we ’re doing is holding a mirror up to reality , and hopefully it ’s an interesting mirror .
Fractured fairy tales
Wired.com : Many of your films have a fablelike quality .
In Brothers Grimm , you adapted someone else ’s fairy tales .
With Imaginarium , you and your Brazil co-writer Charles McKeown made up your own .
How did you come up with the Doctor Parnassus story ?
Gilliam : I can barely remember how we wrote it .
Honestly , it was just , “ We ’ve got to start somewhere . ”
Ancient wagon rides into a modern city and nobody pays attention to this outrageous little show going on .
We started there and slowly built this thing .
Wired.com :
It was interesting to see how you worked in all these storytelling archetypes .
Were those conscious references or …
Gilliam :
You ’ve got the Rumpelstiltskin thing , where the daughter ’s going to be taken , you ’ve got Faust in there , you ’ve got Prospero from The Tempest , you ’ve got King Lear — it just goes on and on and on .
There ’s a great collection of knowledge floating around in there [ Gilliam points to his head ] , and it just started pouring out in its own way .
Wired.com :
With the fantasy sequences filmed in Vancouver , which take place on the other side of the mirror , you brought a compelling kind of dream logic to the way the scenes play out .
How do you come up with this stuff ?
Gilliam : I just let it flow and one thing goes to the next .
It ’s exactly the way I used to do the Python animation .
Wired.com : Fans of that show loved the way you created a chain of events that somehow connected point A to point B .
Gilliam : I had a starting point and a finishing point between the two sketches , and I just let my brain take me where it wanted to go .
There is physics at work , always , there ’s gravity — all these basic things that are very important that you ca n’t just get away from because they all really exist .
Wired.com :
In Imaginarium , for example , a river flowing toward a pyramid turns into a giant snake with Tom Waits ’ head on the end of it .
Gilliam :
You ’ve got this bridge with a river going toward this giant pyramid , it ’s a black river , so it becomes this king cobra , because it ’s Egyptian , rising out of there .
I do n’t know why that stuff comes so easily to me but it does , and I ’ve never tried to explain it .
I ’ve never gone to a psychiatrist to have it talked away .
It ’s how my brain functions .
I think a child ’s brain is like that .
Once you start playing , you start with that , then you ’ve got this , and it leads possibly to some other thing .
Thriving on chaos
Wired.com :
In IFC ’s Monty Python documentary , somebody said that you do your best when you feel like you ’re “ up against it . ”
Does that observation ring true to you ?
Gilliam : Every film I ’ve done has benefited from me coming up against lack of time , money or whatever is thrown my way , because it suddenly brings out the best , most creative moments for me .
When you ’ve got resistance , it focuses you on what ’s important .
Everything is equal to me until somebody says “ no . ”
“ What do you mean , ‘ No ’ ?
Why ? ”
And now we ’ve got something to concentrate this energy on and you solve the problem one way or the other .
Wired.com :
In the case of Imaginarium , after Ledger died , you reshot an early scene with a second actor to play the same minor character in order to establish the idea that people change appearance after they go through the magic mirror .
Gilliam :
It ’s all in my head , the kind of movie I ’m making , so once I ’ve got that happening , when I come up with a solution it ’s always within the realm of the world that I ’ve been working in .
It ’s just another way of looking at the world , Parnassus is doing that all the time , trying to encourage people to look at the world in a slightly different way .
[ To illustrate , Gilliam points to the hotel room TV set . ]
“ That ’s not a television .
That ’s a black hole in the wall .
What happens if you fall into that black hole ? ”
I ’m very quick to do that and , frankly , it makes life bearable to me — the fact that I can keep on morphing the world into other things .
Wired.com : During the making of this film , you broke your back , right ?
Gilliam : Yeah .
I did n’t do it on my own .
A bus backed into me .
Wired.com : Ouch .
Gilliam : Vertebrae was cracked , muscles were ripped to shreds — it ’s taken me a year to get over it , but , what it did was , I was going to work on a bus… .
Wired.com : No car ?
Gilliam :
No drivers for this film .
We ’d run out of money .
And suddenly we had free transport .
I did n’t sue the company , I hate that sort of thing , so they gave me physical therapy and all that stuff plus they gave me free transport , which was very useful to finish the film up .
Wired.com :
In Imaginarium , Doctor Parnassus , the master storyteller , is reduced to begging on the streets of London .
You actually did something similar in New York City four years ago , right [ clip embedded above ] ?
Gilliam : For Tideland , the week before the film opened , I did n’t see a single poster , not a single ad .
My daughter Amy wanted me to wear a sandwich board , but I got a poster mounted on a piece of shitty cardboard , wrote , “ Studio - less film director , family to support , will direct for food . ”
I made 25 bucks and the movie played for two weekends , which was great .
[ See video of Gilliam ’s eccentric Tideland push , embedded right . ]
The big picture
Wired.com :
There ’s a line in Imaginarium that sort of sums up Doctor Parnassus ’ world view , something about the power of enchantment .
Gilliam : “ The world is full of wonder for those with eyes to see . ”
Wired.com :
That sentiment seems to find its way into most of your movies .
Gilliam :
There ’s got to be more good in the world than bad , otherwise we would have wiped ourselves out by now .
And nature is wonderful , so full of surprises .
The pavement cracks , there ’s grass growing up .
It ’s a miracle !
Wired.com :
Yet also this dark quality .
Gilliam : I get very angry about most things going on in the world .
Most of my time is spent in anger .
But when I look around at the big picture , nature ’s always looked out after itself rather well .
There ’s a whole world out there — fuck people [ laughs ] !
There ’s ants , there ’s bugs , there ’s birds .
I try to maintain a certain , I would n’t say optimism , but a certain positive attitude towards the world , and one day I ’ll be eaten by worms .
I hope I ’m a decent meal .
Follow us on Twitter : @hughhart and @theunderwire .
See Also :
Dunque , avevano promesso di non aumentare le tasse : e questa è la storia di una tassa appena aumentata .
Indovinate su che ?
Sul digitale , sul passaggio liquido dei contenuti digitali .
Che questo governo sembra proprio voler strangolare .
Dal blog di Federico Ferrazza :
Mentre noi eravamo in vacanza , il 30 dicembre il ministro Bondi ha concepito l’ennesima mostruosità di questo governo in termini di innovazione e tecnologia .
Si parla del cosiddetto « equo compenso » .
Per chi non lo sapesse è una tassa preventiva che ognuno di noi paga ( già oggi ) quando acquista un cd o un dvd vergine .
L’obiettivo di tale tassa ( che entra nelle casse della Siae ) è quello di prendere dei soldi ai consumatori per il POSSIBILE MA NON CERTO mancato acquisto di un’opera protetta dal diritto d’autore .
In altre parole la Siae cattura del denaro nella previsione che io registri sul cd acquistato l’ultimo album di Eros Ramazzotti o di Lucio Dalla ; ma li cattura anche se su quello stesso cd metto le foto di mio figlio o delle vacanze che sono di mia proprietà .
Bene , anzi male .
Mentre noi eravamo a smaltire le scorie dei pasti natalizi , dicevamo , il ministro Bondi ha firmato un decreto ( DECRETO , neanche una “ normale ” legge ) per estendere l’equo compenso anche ad altri supporti che non siano il cd o il dvd .
Come si legge nel testo , d’ora in poi questa tassa si pagherà su cd , dvd , hard disk , lettori multimediali portatili , chiavette usb e telefonini .
Insomma , su tutti i supporti su cui è possibile registrare un file audio , video , un ’immagine o qualsiasi cosa possa essere " protetta dal diritto d’autore " .
Ma il bello ( o il peggio ) deve ancora arrivare .
Già , perchè ora veniamo ai prezzi .
E se per hard disk , cd , dvd e chiavette il costo aggiuntivo è qualche frazione di euro ( comunque un’enormità , considerando il mercato complessivo ) , i più tartassati dall ’invenzione di Bondi e collaboratori sono i dispositivi portatili come lettori e cellulari .
Come si legge nella tabella qui sopra , con questo decreto il prezzo di un lettore o di un cellulare potrebbe crescere di quasi 30 euro se particolarmente capiente .
A questo punto sono evidenti tre cose .
1- Che i consumatori ( e le loro associazioni ) faranno casino .
2- Che anche le aziende hi-tech si arrabbieranno e potranno a ) decidere di allearsi con i consumatori ( proposta : una class action contro il governo ? ) o b ) di far ricadere sugli utenti – aumentando i prezzi – l’iniziativa del governo .
3- Che l’Italia – se non cambiano i governanti ( ma anche i loro oppositori ) – è destinata a una arretratezza tecnologica senza pari nei paesi industrializzati .
Una mossa del genere , infatti , rischia di dare un serio colpo al nostro consumo di tecnologia e a tutto quello che a questo consumo è collegato .
Ecco , fin qui la notizia postata da Federico .
Io non starò qui a spiegare - un'altra volta - perché e per come questo governo ce l'abbia tanto con l'innovazione tecnologica , sennò poi mi dicono che sono fissato con il conflitto d'interessi .
Mi limito a chiedere a quanti nel centrodestra hanno un occhio un po ' più attento alla Rete : ma non vi viene un po ' anche a voi di prenderli metaforicamente a calci , questi parrucconi custodi del secolo scorso ?
The overwhelming majority of the Saudi people are young .
Almost 40 pc of its population is under the age of 14 , with just 2.5 pc being in the over 65 bracket .
This means its population is growing at about 2 pc per year – and as the young start to have families of their own , the rate of population growth will increase .
I got home from lunch with my GF , when I saw a letter sticking out from the mailbox .
I promptly checked it out , and when I saw the word " c/o PortConflict " , I got excited !
It was here !
We scurried upstairs , and proceeded to open the standard letter envelope , with something squishy inside .
Inside was a letter , and a foam wrapped item .
I opened it up , and found a tiny claw on a chain .
" Awesome " I thought , very unique .
But then I read the letter ...
I 've attached a picture of the letter , but for the TL ; DR types , here 's the synopsis .
My secret santa was hunting in the Northern Territory of Australia , and nearly got killed by a crocodile .
He was almost over - run by the beast , and just managed to load his rifle in time and shoot it , killing it .
The only part you can keep is the claw , so he got a friend to shrink it down and attach the chain to it .
All I can say , is my secret santa nearly died to get my gift .
You are manliest man ( or woman , that was n't clear ) that I know .
I would like to buy you a beer if I 'm ever in the territory .
I truly love this gift , and it will adorn my PC desk for years to come .
Thank you . :)
New data from TeleGeography show that the growth of international telephone traffic has slowed , while Skype ’s growth has accelerated .
Over the past 25 years , international call volume from telephones has grown at a compounded annual rate of 15 percent .
In the past two years , however , international telephone traffic annual growth has slowed to only 8 percent , growing from 376 billion minutes in 2008 to an estimated 406 billion minutes in 2009 , according to recent TeleGeography research .
The deep recession has had a marked impact on many routes .
" Demand for international voice has been remarkably robust , but it ’s clearly not recession - proof , " said TeleGeography analyst Stephan Beckert .
“ While international telephone traffic growth has slowed , Skype ’s traffic has soared , ” he added .
Skype ’s on - net international traffic ( between two Skype users ) grew 51 percent in 2008 , and is projected to grow 63 percent in 2009 , to 54 billion minutes .
That means that about 13 percent of international calls are made on Skype .
" The volume of traffic routed via Skype is tremendous .
Skype is now the largest provider of cross border communications in the world , by far , " said Beckert .
He claims that the proliferation of alternatives to telephone calls — including Skype for mobile devices , and Google ’s gradual entry into the voice market — will present ever greater challenges to international carriers .
A pregnant Brooklyn woman suffering a fatal seizure in a coffee shop in the shadow of FDNY Headquarters was ignored by two callous city medics who continued to buy their breakfast , eyewitnesses told The Post .
“ The EMTs just said we had to call 911 .
They got their bagels and left , ” said a disgusted worker .
Frantic employees at the Au Bon Pain at 1 Metrotech Center approached the FDNY medics at 9 a.m. on Dec. 9 , shortly after colleague Eutisha Revee Rennix , 25 , began to complain of shortness of breath and intense stomach pains .
Workers immediately dialed 911 .
“ People were calling out saying , ‘ She ’s turning blue !
She ’s pregnant !’ ” said the witness .
But the EMTs appeared unfazed .
“ I remember them saying they could n’t do anything because they were on their break , ” another worker said .
“ We started screaming and cursing at them . ”
Rennix fell in a heap and began foaming at the nose and mouth in the back room .
That sent a manager rushing to the front to again ask someone in the Metrotech coffee shop to help .
This time , two good Samaritans in blue FDNY sweaters ran to the back office .
One called 911 from his cellphone while the other tried to help keep Rennix still .
“ That was when the manager ran out to try and get help from across the plaza , ” said a worker who was there .
“ Then the ambulance finally came , but it was too late . ”
The Fire Department , which runs the city ’s Emergency Medical Service , is now investigating the incident , and has placed the two EMTs on paid but restricted duty , barred from providing patient care .
“ All of our members take an oath to assist others in need of emergency medical aid .
They have a duty to act when called , ” said FDNY spokesman Steve Ritea .
Ironically , the EMS emergency dispatch center that fields 911 calls is located in the same building as Au Bon Pain — just floors above where Rennix collapsed .
And the FDNY headquarters is about 600 feet away within the same Metrotech complex .
In fact , the coffee shop is regularly filled with FDNY and EMS personnel and top brass .
The first ambulance on the scene was a private hospital crew that arrived 11 minutes after the initial 911 call .
But that crew ’s actions are also being investigated , the FDNY confirmed .
Witnesses said the EMTs did n’t have one of the equipment bags needed to administer aid .
“ I could n’t believe it , ” said an eyewitness .
“ The whole thing was like a bad joke . ”
Rennix , a mother of a 3 - year - old son , Jahleel , was rushed to Long Island College Hospital a mile away in cardiac arrest at approximately 9:48 a.m .
She was pronounced dead at 10:17 , police records show .
The 6 - month - old fetus — a girl posthumously named Jahniya Renne Woodson — outlived her young mother by two hours and 10 minutes , but was born too premature to survive , said distraught grandmother Cynthia Rennix .
Rennix and her baby were buried at Canarsie Cemetery Friday , said twin brother Eudane Rennix , who flew home for the funeral on emergency leave from his second GI tour in Iraq .
His vivacious and fun-loving sister had recently developed some asthma problems but was otherwise the picture of health , family members said .
EMS-union head Pat Bahnken said the allegations against the EMTs are being taken seriously .
“ Such an isolated incident in no way reflects the professionalism our members exhibit every day .
But , if a full investigation shows the allegations to be true , we expect these people to be punished to the fullest extent , ” he said .
Additional reporting by Douglas Montero
gotis@nypost.com
AOL sets off again as a single entity AOL and Time Warner have formally split after almost 10 years as one company .
Under the terms of the deal , qualifying shareholders will receive one AOL share for each 11 Time Warner they own .
AOL shares will begin trading on Thursday .
They will even regain the market ticker symbol they used before the merger .
But the company will be worth a tiny fraction of what it once was .
Its market value is put at about $ 2.5 bn - 10 % of its value at the firm 's height .
Media stars
At the time of the merger in 2001 , the marriage of Time Warner with AOL was dubbed the " deal of the century " - one that brought superstars of both old and new media together .
But the new media element , AOL , soon started to look jaded as its once - popular dial - up internet model was superseded by broadband .
Time Warner 's long - established collection of TV and magazines proved no bulwark against new developments .
It also lost revenue as the media fragmented further .
Dial - up die - hards
It took place during the biggest bubble the stock market had ever experienced , and it marked the final triumph of the internet over the old media .
Rory Cellan- Jones
Read more from Rory Cellan - Jones on the split Despite a few bright spots in its portfolio of sites , such as tech blog Engadget , AOL has a long way to go until internet advertising can replace the revenue it still gets from selling dial - up internet access .
This type of customer is thin on the ground these days .
In 2002 , AOL had 26 million dial - up customers , now it has 5.4 million .
However , it still earns 43 % of its revenue from these die - hard subscribers .
On Thursday , investors will get their chance to rate AOL 's prospects when the shares start live trading .
The occasion will be marked by AOL 's chief executive , Tim Armstrong , who will ring the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a cold spell continued its rigid hold on much of the eastern United States on Tuesday , farmers in central and southern Florida were bracing for freezing temperatures overnight that could damage orange , strawberry and tomato crops .
The frigid weather was also blamed for four deaths in Tennessee and has produced record snowfalls in New England .
In Nashville , the police said the body of an 81 - year - old man was found in the front yard of his home on Monday morning .
The man ’s family told the police that he had had Alzheimer ’s disease , and that they believed he had walked out of his home in the night dressed in his bathrobe .
The deep freeze , brought on by surges of high - pressure arctic air masses moving down from northwestern Canada , has been lingering since the weekend in many places that are not accustomed to subfreezing weather , meteorologists said .
This is a presentation on how an Agile team works in the real world .
The composition and function of a Tiger Team is described .
Daily activities , roles of QA , Product , Developer , Manager , and other needed disciplines for a project are described as well .
These Tiger teams function as very high speed “ Special Forces ” groups , and produce an enormous amount of high quality product .
Take Action Here !
With hundreds of thousands of seasonal flu - related complications , more than 35,000 deaths from the flu , and countless more from the H1N1 flu expected this season , ANH - USA asks the obvious question :
What are the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , and Health and Human Services ( HHS ) doing about it ?
The answer : Not much !
Our goal is to persuade the CDC , FDA , NIH , and HHS to step up to the plate and help educate the public about the critical role Vitamin D plays in preventing and treating the seasonal and H1N1 flus along with many other health problems .
In particular , we are asking the CDC , FDA , HHS , and NIH to issue statements outlining the immense benefits to be gained from supplementation during the flu season .
In addition , HHS should update the government ’s web site , www.flu.gov to include well established facts about Vitamin D .
Studies show that least one - third of Americans are wholly deficient in Vitamin D .
We all need to maintain adequate levels of Vitamin D year - round , not just during flu season .
The government has an important role to play in getting this message out , but says nothing at all .
In anticipation of the government ’s programmed response – that even more research needs to be done – we are also asking the CDC , FDA , NIH , and HHS to support and fund additional research on the importance of maintaining adequate levels of Vitamin D , including the link between Vitamin D and flu prevention and treatment .
Why is the government utterly silent about Vitamin D and its benefits ?
Could it be because big corporations are not pushing such an inexpensive and readily available form of prevention and treatment ?
Whatever the reason , the government ’s silence is shameful .
Please sign our petition to these agencies now .
Take Action Here !
Vitamin D : The Super Supplement
Vitamin D is safe and effective for the prevention and treatment of seasonal and H1N1 flus .
The scientific research is clear .
Yet CDC , FDA , NIH , and HHS continue to tow the vaccine only line , working in close partnership with vaccine manufacturers who will make billions of dollars and who have been shielded from any liability by Congress .
This obsession with a vaccine approach makes little sense given the lack of time to test the vaccine for safety and efficacy and the challenge of producing enough vaccine on time .
It makes even less sense when there are natural ways to prevent and treat the illness that have been thoroughly validated by science .
We are all familiar with the adaptive immune response .
Our bodies mount a defense against a new invader and then maintain antibodies against future attacks by the same invader .
This is exactly how vaccines are meant to work .
But for such an immune response to work , your own immune system has to be primed and ready to do its job .
Good nutrition is critical for this .
Vitamin D is especially critical .
Your immune system will not work without it .
Common sense tells us that what we eat will strengthen or weaken our immune systems .
For some of the science behind this , see an article by Laura Landro , published in the November 24 , 2009 , issue of the Wall Street Journal .
But even the best diet will not give us the amount of Vitamin D needed for the immune system to reach its full potential .
What Exactly Does Vitamin D Do ?
When Vitamin D is lacking , we become a prime target for flu and the H1N1 Swine Flu .
By contrast , those with sufficient levels of Vitamin D are able to fight off or throw off these attacking pathogens .
Vitamin D boosts the innate immune response in many ways , but in particular by turning on an antimicrobial protein .
Vitamin D also balances the immune response , preventing inflammation that can lead to flu - related complications such as bacterial pneumonia or lung infection .
Inflammation was the leading cause of deaths in the 1918 influenza pandemic .
Our vitamin - D mediated immune response has been with us through more than 60 million years of pre-human and human evolutionary selection .
It must be critical to our survival , according to researchers at Ohio State University .
Flu is at least in part a Vitamin D deficiency disease .
But the benefits of this wonder supplement go far beyond the flu .
As John Cannell , MD , founder of the non-profit Vitamin D Counsel , has noted : “ Current research has implicated vitamin D deficiency as a major factor in the pathology of at least 17 varieties of cancer as well as heart disease , stroke , hypertension , autoimmune diseases , diabetes , depression , chronic pain , osteoarthritis , osteoporosis , muscle weakness , muscle wasting , birth defects , periodontal disease , and more . ”
We join the Vitamin D Council in urging our government to break its silence about this wonder supplement .
A FRENCH court 's decision to fine the Church of Scientology for making outrageous promises based on absolutely nothing last night sent shockwaves of fear through the world 's major religions .
As the Scientologists were fined £ 500,000 for claiming eternal happiness was based on handing over a lot of money and that the human mind is engaged in a constant battle with insane aliens , Catholics , Protestants , Muslims , Hindus , Jews and Buddhists all began the search for a truly outstanding lawyer .
A Vatican spokesman said : " If every Catholic that we 've lied to about virgin birth , miracles , limbo and heaven – and we 're talking billions here – decides to sue us , we 're going to have to sell all the artwork and quite a lot of the gold .
" We 'll also have to lay - off thousands of priests .
It 's not good .
Our guys are n't really cut out for any other line of work , unless there 's a job where you do a two hour week telling people what bastards they all are and drinking a shitload of Scotch . "
A spokesman for the Council of Imams said : " As things stand , the bit about the 72 virgins is looking a tad shaky .
" We 're scouring the small print to see if there 's some sort of get - out clause , but unfortunately there was n't much in the way of tort law in the early Seventh Century . "
And a spokesman for the Dalai Lama added : " Reincarnation was not designed to be legally robust so we may have to adapt it very slightly .
For instance , rather than being reincarnated as a lizard or a pig , you may end up just being you again , but with a slightly larger nose or terribly dry elbows . "
Meanwhile chief Scientologist Tom Cruise offered his support to his French colleagues , insisting : " When the insect people of Helatrobus enslave the Earth once more , who will be laughing then ?
" Me , that 's who , and I 'll do it in a weird , unblinking way that will make you fear me . "
Ferrari named Flavio Manzoni today the new chief of design .
He last served as the head of creative design of the Volkswagen Group , and his new appointment that could signal a dramatic change in how Ferrari designs its cars .
News of Mr. Manzoni ’s appointment had been floating around since September , and Ferrari made it official this week .
According to a news release , Mr. Manzoni , 45 , will report directly to Ferrari ’s chief executive , Amedeo Felisa , “ and will be responsible for creating and defining the styling of Ferrari ’s new cars . ”
Just a few years ago , the very idea of a Ferrari design chief would have seemed absurd .
Pininfarina , the illustrious Italian company , had the responsibility of designing Ferraris .
In the 1950s , the name Pininfarina on the body of a Ferrari was as important as the rearing stallion of Ferrari .
The design houses — like Pininfarina and Bertone — were as prestigious as the manufacturers .
That has changed .
But with hard times threatening the very existence of Pininfarina — and the entire coach - building and design industry — the appointment of Mr. Manzoni may be a watershed .
With Fiat bosses thinking more about integrating the high - end Ferrari and Maserati marques into a brand system with Fiat and Lancia , Ferrari design has recently meant something new .
Frank Stephenson , of Mini design fame , served as Ferrari design chief for a while , and then Donato Coco .
The position has been more about managing relations with Pininfarina than drawing specific new designs .
Mr. Manzoni ‘s appointment raises the possibility that Ferrari may hire other designers or even create designs in - house .
“ Everyone is curious as to how Ferrari ’s relationship will evolve with Pininfarina , ” said Jason Castriota , a former designer at Pininfarina .
“ Manzoni , a passionate , cultured , hands - on designer , will certainly want to put his own personal stamp on Ferrari design . ”
Mr. Castriota added , “ There has been ever increasing collaboration between Pininfarina and Ferrari ’s own design team in recent years , and his appointment leads one to believe that the relationship will evolve further still .
The result might be head - to - head competition for new designs , or in an even greater and more drastic strategic change , to Ferrari designing everything internally . ”
But Mr. Castriota said he “ would be shocked if Pininfarina were to be completely phased out given their storied success as Ferrari ’s personal tailor . ”
Mr. Manzoni was born in Sardinia , Italy .
He was trained as an architect at the University of Florence and entered the automotive world in 1993 with Fiat .
Mr. Manzoni worked at Lancia and then Seat , Volkswagen ’s Spanish subsidiary .
Following Walter de ’Silva , the VW and Audi designer , Mr. Manzoni moved to Audi in 2006 and then later to VW , where he worked on the new Scirocco , Golf and Up concepts .
Most of us have simple demands when it comes to travel lodging – a bed , a bathroom , a TV and wi-fi .
There are others , however , whose demands far eclipse the simple convenience of your basic hotel room .
When the world ’s most wealthy travelers take a vacation for their own , they are treated to suites that cover entire floors of a hotel building , rooms that include a personal butler , hell – some even come with their own private helicopter .
Take a peek into the experience of the world ’s most wealthy travelers .
Here are 10 of the most expensive hotel rooms in the world .
1. $ 50,000 a night – Royal Villa at Grand Resort Lagonissi
Athens , Greece
The Grand Resort ’s Royal Villa gives the world ’s most exclusive guests a private version of everything imaginable .
The only other people lucky guests have to see while secluded in their heated pool , steam room or private beach is the suite ’s dedicated butler , chef and pianist .
2. $ 40,000 a night – Hugh Hefner Sky Villa , Palms Casino Resort
Las Vegas
Hugh Hefner ’s Playboy - themed suite at the Palms Casino resort has a $ 700,000 jacuzzi that cantilevers out above the Las Vegas strip .
The 10,000 square - foot , two - story suite comes with around - the - clock butler service and a rotating bed set beneath a mirrored ceiling .
3. $ 34,000 a night – Ty Warner Penthouse , Four Seasons
New York
The Ty Warner Penthouse practically floats in Manhattan .
Floor - to - ceiling windows surround all sides of the massive suite , surrounding guests in 360 - degree views of the city skyline from atop Manhattan ’s tallest hotel .
The nine - room suite has walls inlayed with mother of pearl , gold and platinum - woven fabrics , and the room itself includes a private butler , unlimited global calling and TVs programmed to receive every channel in the entire world .
4. $ 33,000 a night – Royal Penthouse Suite , President Wilson Hotel
Geneva , Switzerland
President Woodrow Wilson reportedly suffered from high blood pressure , so it ’s safe to assume he would have appreciated a stress - free stay at President Wilson Hotel ’s Royal Penthouse Suite .
Consuming the entire top floor of the hotel , the four - bedroom suite can hold up to 40 guests in its cocktail lounge and is said to be the best digs for heads of state wanting to make an impression when they ’re in town on United Nations business .
5. $ 25,000 a night – Bridge Suite at The Atlantis
Paradise Island , Bahamas
The 10 - room Bridge Suite at Bahamian resort The Atlantis fills the entire space linking the hotel complex ’s two flagship towers .
Forbes reports the suite has hosted guests including Oprah and Michael Jackson .
6. $ 18,200 – Ritz - Carlton Suite , The Ritz - Carlton
Moscow , Russia
Floor - to - ceiling windows outline the Ritz - Carlton Suite at the hotel chain ’s Moscow location .
Imperial furniture fills the 2,500 square - foot suite , which comes with a heated floor , a grand piano and a library .
The suite has views of the Kremlin , Red Square and St. Basil ’s Cathedral and visitors get to enjoy five meals a day and their very own KGB - approved autonomous energy supply system and secure telecommunications array .
7. $ 18,000 a night – Royal Suite , Burj Al Arab
Dubai , United Arab Emirates
A two - story suite that centers around an epic staircase , Burj Al Arab ’s Royal Suite has Carrara marble floors , mahogany furniture and a master bedroom with a rotating four - post canopy bed .
Guests enjoy Hermes bathroom products , Faubourg fragrances , their own private elevator and cinema and for a bit extra– a chauffeur driven Rolls Royce or helicopter .
8. $ 17,500 a night – Royal Armleder Suite , Le Richemond
Geneva , Switzerland
Le Richemond ’s Royal Armleder Suite reopened in 2007 after an extensive restoration of the hotel ’s seventh floor , which the luxury suite occupies the entirety of .
The suite is bedecked in gold , mosaics and parquet floors and has a 300 square - foot terrace with stunning views of Geneva and the nearby Alps .
9. $ 16,000 a night – Royal Suite , Four Seasons George V
Paris , France
The George V in Paris boasts a pair of “ sumptuous ” Royal Suites that each come with private terraces and rooms filled with antique furniture .
Each suite has a marble entrance , a full kitchen , a sauna and a separate bathroom for guests .
The expensive 2,600 square - foot suites are split into separate spaces for sleeping and entertaining , both of which also have a private office .
10 . $ 15,500 a night – Imperial Suite , Park Hyatt - Vendôme
Paris , France
Situated on the second floor of the Park Hyatt - Vendôme ’s Haussmanian building is the hotel ’s 750 square - foot Imperial Suite .
Thise pricey suite has high ceilings , a dining room , kitchenette and bar .
When visitors tire of toiling , they relax with an “ In Suite Spa ” that comes outfitted with a steam room , Whirlpool and built - in massage table .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
The “ beta ” version of build ‘ n ’ shoot micro-MMO Love has almost arrived .
It ’s not beta in the usual sense , of course , because like the previous alpha - test version you ’ll need to pay a 3 € fee for access .
Currently the testing stage is only for previous subscribers , but it ’ll be opened up as access for all on the 7th .
Eskil has been working hard squashing bugs and introducing new features , and it ’s reflected in a new level of polish within the game world .
And Love ’s world is not like that of other games , as I ’ll explain below .
Love is a co-operative building - based MMO , with parallels to Wurm and Minecraft , but with the combat and movement of a Quake - era FPS .
You can jump far and long , and you are equipped with a range of fast - firing weapons .
That said , the experience is unlike that of your typical action game , partly because it looks so smoky and painterly , and partly because combat occurs only through your antagonism with AI constructs .
The core of the game is in collaborative construction of settlements , and the AI will build them too , and try to tear yours down .
To construct these strange havens you have to install various tokens , which must be uncovered by exploring the world .
While exploring you should be careful , because Love ’s procedurally - generated world filled with treacherous chasms , as well as the bases of hostile AI , which look like squiggly clouds of smoke .
Fall into the water and you can drown , get shot up by the AI and you can die .
It ’s also worth remembering that the world is a sphere .
Head in a straight line for long enough and you will come back to the same place .
Once you have a token you can plant it in a settlement .
The chances are you ’ll come in and join an existing settlement before you set out to explore , and most of these will already be furnished a bunch of tools .
Even smaller settlements will allow you pick up weapons , and perhaps some of the building tools that will help you make the settlement into a better place .
The various building tools now allow you to hollow out mountains into labyrinthine fortress , complete with elegant windows , elevators , and various functional monoliths .
All this is hooked up to a power - grid system , which needs to be maintained by the settlement ’s denizens .
The fast nature of Love means that voice communications are essential .
There ’s plenty of opportunity to get lost , but also a good chance you ’ll get ambushed by the AI .
Reacting to that , and co-ordinating defence with other players , really does ask for voice - comms .
Eskil is currently running a public Ventrilo for pop in and join , or you can use your own if you ’re checking out the game with some friends .
Love , unlike its emotional namesake , is n’t for everyone , and I ’m still unconvinced by the endgame .
But it is nevertheless one of those games that I want to recommend just because , hell , it ’s 3 euros , and because it ’s unique .
If you ’re not using your gaming time to look for some new and weird experiences then you ’re kind of missing the point .
On a side note , Eskil ’s recent bloggings report that he ’s going to be doing a beginner ’s programming course around GDC next year , for folks interested in making games .
“ I thought I would put together a 3 day intensive course in game programming ( for total beginners ) that would teach you the basics of programming , and let you make a simple game .
Each day would be around 3 - 4 hours long preferably in the evening .
My plan is to try to do this in San Francisco the week before or after GDC .
It would be free , and everyone would be welcome . ”
He needs a venue , and interested parties , so email him if you ’re interested .
Beagy Zielinski is a German - born 28 - year - old stylist who moved to New York to study fashion in 1995 and stayed .
Just before Christmas , she broke up with her blue - collar boyfriend , who repaired Navy ships .
“ He was extremely insecure about my career and how successful I am , ” Ms. Zielinski said .
An analysis of census data to be released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center found that she and countless women like her are victims of a role reversal that is profoundly affecting the pool of potential marriage partners .
“ Men now are increasingly likely to marry wives with more education and income than they have , and the reverse is true for women , ” said Paul Fucito , spokesman for the Pew Center .
“ In recent decades , with the rise of well - paid working wives , the economic gains of marriage have been a greater benefit for men . ”
The analysis examines Americans 30 to 44 years old , the first generation in which more women than men have college degrees .
Women ’s earnings have been increasing faster than men ’s since the 1970s .
But even the black chairman of the Republican party could not bring himself to claim that he was offended by Reid ’s remarks .
Or maybe it did n’t even occur to him that he needed to claim offense in order for his call for Reid ’s head to make any sense .
Steele demanded Reid ’s resignation on the grounds that Democrats had demanded the resignation of Republican Trent Lott back in 2002 , when Lott celebrated the 150th birthday of Senator Strom Thurmond by saying that America would have been a lot better off if the South had won the Civil War .
( Actually , Lott said that if America had voted for the southern segregationist Dixiecrats back in 1948 , when Thurmond was their standard bearer , “ we would n’t have had all these problems for all these years . ”
And it was only Thurmond ’s 100th birthday . )
Indeed I read or heard of no one who was actually offended by Reid ’s remarks .
The disagreement about whether to take them seriously and force Reid to resign broke down entirely on party grounds , as opposed to racial ones .
Every Republican pol from their chairman on down said he should resign , and every Democratic pol from Obama on down said he should stay .
Even Al Sharpton , who will fly to the site of a racial misstatement like the FAA rushing to the scene of an air crash , decided to take a pass on this one .
The Republican argument boiled down to sauce for the goose .
Rules are rules , and the rule is , you commit a racial gaffe , you resign .
The accusation was of a double standard .
Democrats replied : this is different , because of intent and context .
Trent Lott was saying America would be better off if it was still segregated by race .
Reid ’s remark , by contrast , was intended to praise Obama and clearly came in the context of wishing him well and hoping for his success .
What Lott ’s remarks and Reid ’s have in common is that both slipped out accidentally .
Both men would take them back in a heartbeat if they could .
And why ca n’t they ?
It ’s one of the perversities of gaffe politics that you are held to anything you say , even if you know it ’s a mistake as it comes out of your mouth , and even if your regret at having said it is patently sincere .
The public , or at least the media , suspects that you only regret the gaffe because of the furor it has caused : that your slip of the tongue revealed your true nature or beliefs .
But nothing in Reid ’s past or in his remark itself gives any reason to suspect he ’s a racist .
The same cannot be said of Trent Lott .
On the other hand , even Lott ’s Dixiecrat flub is unimpressive by historical standards .
Racist remarks just are n’t what they used to be .
In 1976 , on an airplane , the singer Pat Boone asked Earl Butz , President Gerald Ford ’s Secretary of Agriculture , why there were so few black Republicans .
Butz replied that “ the only things the coloreds are looking for in life is a tight pussy , loose shoes , and a warm place to shit . ”
( Or , as the New York Times put it in Butz ’s obituary in 2008 , “ satisfying sex , loose shoes , and a warm bathroom . ” )
Now that is what I call a racist remark .
It was deliberate , insulting , vulgar , cruel .
And it did n’t even answer the question .
If all you wanted in life were these three items , the Republican party might be just your foot size .
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
MANY people start the new year by resolving to change their old ways .
Not China .
On December 27th Zhong Shan , the country 's vice - minister of trade , declared that China will continue to increase its share of world exports .
Figures due out on January 11th are expected to show that China 's exports in December were higher than a year ago , after 13 months of year - on - year declines .
China 's exports fell by around 17 % in 2009 as a whole , but other countries ' slumped by even more .
As a result China overtook Germany to become the world 's largest exporter and its share of world exports jumped to almost 10 % , up from 3 % in 1999 ( see chart ) .
China takes an even bigger slice of America 's market .
In the first ten months of 2009 America imported 15 % less from China than in the same period of 2008 , but its imports from the rest of the world fell by 33 % , lifting China 's market share to a record 19 % .
So although America 's trade deficit with China narrowed , China now accounts for almost half of America 's total deficit , up from less than one - third in 2008 .
Trade frictions with the rest of the world are hotting up .
On December 30th America 's International Trade Commission approved new tariffs on imports of Chinese steel pipes , which it ruled were being unfairly subsidised .
This is the largest case of its kind so far involving China .
On December 22nd European Union governments voted to extend anti-dumping duties on shoes imported from China for another 15 months .
Foreigners insist that the main reason for China 's growing market share is that the government in Beijing has kept its currency weak .
But there are several other reasons why China 's exports held up better than those of its competitors during the global recession .
Lower incomes encouraged consumers to trade down to cheaper goods , and the elimination of textile quotas in January 2009 allowed China to increase its slice of that market .
How high could China 's market share go ?
Over the ten years to 2008 China 's exports grew by an annual average of 23 % in dollar terms , more than twice as fast as world trade .
If it continued to expand at this pace , China might grab around one - quarter of world exports within ten years .
That would beat America 's 18 % share of world exports in the early 1950s , a figure that has since dropped to 8 % .
China 's exports are likely to grow more slowly over the next decade , as demand in rich economies remains subdued , but its market share will probably continue to creep up .
Projections in the IMF 's World Economic Outlook imply that China 's exports will account for 12 % of world trade by 2014 .
Its 10 % slice this year will equal that achieved by Japan at its peak in 1986 , but Japan 's share has since fallen back to less than 5 % .
Its exporters were badly hurt by the sharp rise in the yen — by more than 100 % against the dollar between 1985 and 1988 — and many moved their factories abroad , some of them to China .
The combined export - market share of the four Asian tigers ( Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea and Taiwan ) also peaked at 10 % before slipping back .
Will China 's exports hit the same barrier as a result of weakening competitiveness , or rising protectionism ?
An IMF working paper published in 2009 calculated that if China remained as dependent on exports as in recent years , then to sustain annual GDP growth of 8 % its share of world exports would rise to about 17 % by 2020 .
To consider whether that was feasible , the authors analysed the global absorption capacity of three export industries — steel , shipbuilding and machinery .
They concluded that to achieve the required export growth , China would have to reduce prices , which would be increasingly hard to manage , whether through productivity gains or a squeeze in profits .
In many export industries , particularly steel , margins are already wafer - thin .
However , China 's future export growth is likely to come not from existing industries but from higher - value products , such as computer chips and cars .
Japan 's exports also moved swiftly up the value chain , but whereas this was not enough to support durable gains in its market share , China has the advantage of capital controls that will prevent its exchange rate rising as abruptly as Japan 's did in the 1980s .
When China does eventually allow the yuan to rise , it will do so gradually .
Another big difference is the vastness of China 's economy .
China consists , in effect , of several economies with different wage levels .
As Japan moved into higher - value exports , rising productivity pushed up wages , making old industries , such as textiles , uncompetitive .
In China , as factories in the richer coastal areas switch to more sophisticated goods , the production of textiles and shoes can move inland where costs remain cheaper .
As a result China may be able to remain competitive in a wider range of industries for longer .
Foreign hostility to China 's export dominance is growing .
Paul Krugman , the winner of the 2008 Nobel economics prize , wrote recently in the New York Times that by holding down its currency to support exports , China “ drains much - needed demand away from a depressed world economy ” .
He argued that countries that are victims of Chinese mercantilism may be right to take protectionist action .
From Beijing , things look rather different .
China 's merchandise exports have collapsed from 36 % of GDP in 2007 to around 24 % last year .
China 's current - account surplus has fallen from 11 % to an estimated 6 % of GDP .
In 2007 net exports accounted for almost three percentage points of China 's GDP growth ; last year they were a drag on its growth to the tune of three percentage points .
In other words , rather than being a drain on global demand , China helped pull the world economy along during the course of last year .
Foreigners look at only one side of the coin .
China 's imports have been stronger than its exports , rebounding by 27 % in the year to November , when its exports were still falling .
America 's exports to China ( its third - largest export market ) rose by 13 % in the year to October , at the same time as its exports to Canada and Mexico ( the two countries above China ) fell by 14 % .
Some forecasters , such as the IMF , expect China 's trade surplus to start widening again this year unless the government makes bold policy changes , such as revaluing the yuan .
However , Chris Wood , an analyst at CLSA , a brokerage , argues that China is doing more for global rebalancing than America .
Rebalancing requires that China spends more and America saves more .
Mr Wood argues that China is doing more to boost domestic consumption ( for example , through incentives to stimulate purchases of cars and consumer durables , and increased health - care spending ) than America is doing to boost its saving .
America 's total saving rate fell in the third quarter of last year to only 10 % of GDP , barely half its level a decade ago .
Households saved more , but this was more than offset by increased government “ dissaving ” .
Strong growth in China 's spending and imports is unlikely to dampen protectionist pressures , however .
China 's rising share of world exports will command much more attention .
Foreign demands to revalue the yuan will intensify .
A new year looks sure to entrench old resentments .
A little more than a year ago , I participated in a meeting , organized by the National Academy of Sciences , on the subject of enhancing public understanding of science by encouraging greater collaboration between scientists and the media .
Most of the scientists present were members of the academy , which serves both as an elected honor society and as an official adviser on science policy to the U.S. government .
Across the room I spotted a slim man who seemed somehow familiar .
His deliberate movements suggested an inner passion concealed beneath a subdued exterior .
When I came close enough to read his name tag , I saw that he was the famous astronomer Carl Sagan , whom I had corresponded with but never met .
We introduced ourselves and began a conversation that strikes me now as poignant .
Sagan mentioned having heard that I ’d developed a potentially lethal cancer , and he asked how I was doing .
I replied that I had undergone surgery and was now fully cured , as far as I knew .
He volunteered that he , too , had had a brush with cancer .
He had been diagnosed with myelodysplasia , a condition that can develop into leukemia , but he had received treatment and , he said , been cured .
Unfortunately , not long after our meeting he developed complications from a bone - marrow transplant and died a few days before Christmas .
I wonder , in retrospect , whether he owed his subdued appearance the day we met to a sense of what was to come .
Later that day , during a group discussion about the importance of communicating science to the public , I commented on a disturbing paradox : scientists who do communicate effectively with the public often find their colleagues responding with scorn , and even punishing them in ways that affect their careers .
My remarks stimulated Sagan to address the meeting eloquently for 15 minutes .
He described how he , too , had taken flak from other scientists , but -- he paused , as if to choose his words carefully -- the disadvantages to him had for the most part not been serious .
As he uttered these words , I sensed my fellow academy members holding their breath , waiting to hear whether Sagan would mention a stinging insult he had suffered at the hands of academy members themselves .
In fact , he passed tactfully over the scandal that had unfolded a few years earlier , when he had become one of the few people in the academy ’s long history to have been provisionally elected to membership but then individually rejected in a special vote .
Sagan ’s rejection would normally have remained unknown outside the academy , because members are supposed to keep election matters secret .
Some unidentified members , however , were so outraged that they leaked the affair to the press .
( I have no idea who they were , having missed that meeting . )
Briefly , as described in the press , Sagan had been among many scientists nominated , his candidacy survived initial screening stages , and his name was on a long list of candidates placed on the ballot mailed to academy members .
Ballot responses placed him among the 60 candidates receiving the most votes .
These top candidates are usually accepted as elected , without further discussion , at the annual meeting .
In this case , however , Sagan ’s provisional election was singled out and challenged on the floor of the meeting .
By academy rule , a nominee thus challenged is dropped unless his or her candidacy is sustained by at least two - thirds of the members present and voting .
After a heated debate , more than a third voted to repudiate Sagan ’s election .
That rare slap in the face ended his candidacy .
Over the last two decades , more than a thousand scientists have been elected to the academy , but I recall only one other candidate repudiated and few others even unsuccessfully challenged .
Much of the opposition on the academy floor was framed in terms of procedural issues , or of Sagan ’s allegedly deficient contributions to scientific research .
Undoubtedly , some of his opponents did indeed hold a low opinion of his contributions .
However , Sagan ’s research was well known and obviously deemed important enough by academy members for them to provisionally elect him in the first place .
He deserved much of the credit for explaining Venus ’s peculiar atmosphere , the changes in the appearance of Mars ( due to dust storms , not canals or seasonal changes in vegetation , as previously assumed ) , the greenhouse effect on Earth and Venus , the origins of organic matter on Earth , and the conditions for extraterrestrial life .
He also played a big role in the Mariner , Viking , Pioneer , Voyager , and Galileo missions that transformed our understanding of all the outer planets .
It may well be that Sagan lost his potential seat in the academy not because he failed to produce sufficient important scientific research but because he had too much success as a popularizer of that research .
To the public , Sagan was by far the most famous American astronomer and one of the most famous American scientists in any discipline .
That fame arose from his unique skills in explaining science to the public .
When it first aired in 1980 , his television series Cosmos attracted more viewers than any other public tv series before it , and it continued to hold that record for years .
It did more than anything else to arouse public interest in astronomy and public support for nasa ’s expensive program of planetary probes .
But Sagan ’s communication skills paradoxically provoked a backlash among many scientists , who refused to believe that he could simultaneously be a serious scientist and a charismatic tv personality .
What makes the academy ’s rejection of Sagan so tragic , and initially so incomprehensible , are all the valid reasons that scientists themselves regularly adduce to explain why it is so important for the public to understand science .
I see at least five such reasons , and it is worth detailing them so that we can appreciate why the attitudes revealed in Sagan ’s rejection by the National Academy of Sciences pose such a big problem .
First , science is n’t something arcane , intended only for the few .
Every one of us -- whether a poet , janitor , or nuclear physicist -- has to be able to think scientifically , and to understand some science , to get through our lives .
Every day we face decisions that hinge on science , such as whether to smoke , what to eat , with whom to have sex , and what protection to use ( if any ) .
Even for decisions that do n’t depend on specific scientific facts , science remains the proven set of best methods for acquiring accurate information about the world .
Second , some of us end up as policymakers in government or business .
These individuals make decisions that fundamentally affect the well - being of everyone , and most of them know no more about science than does the rest of the general public .
Yet they are called upon to decide what to do about ( and how much money to spend on ) nuclear reactors , global warming , environmental toxins , expensive space programs , biomedical research , and applications of biotechnology .
It ’s nonscientists , not scientists , who have the last word on whether the milk we drink can safely come from cows treated with growth hormones .
To make such decisions wisely , the decision makers have to be drawn from a scientifically educated public .
Third , as voters , we all bear the ultimate responsibility for those decisions , because we are the ones who decide which candidates and which ballot measures will prevail .
We need enough sense about science to select the decision makers who will make good choices when faced with scientific questions .
Fourth , even if science were irrelevant to the lives of ordinary Americans , a strong scientific enterprise is essential to our economy , educational system , and society .
That requires lots of young people to become excited enough by science that they resolve to become professional scientists .
Good communication by scientists to the public is essential to spark that excitement .
Finally , scientists themselves should be interested in promoting public understanding of science for a selfish reason : their salaries and research grants depend on the nonscientists who hold the purse strings in Congress , state legislatures , and private foundations .
Those money givers reach their decisions based on how important they think science is .
All these arguments demanding the public ’s understanding of science are ones that scientists correctly lay out , and grasp better than anyone else .
You might therefore expect them to give every possible support and incentive to those few scientists who , like Carl Sagan , devote much of their effort to fostering that understanding .
Paradoxically , though , popularizers face widespread indifference , hostility , and penalties , such as honors and promotions delayed or even denied .
Sagan ’s rejection by the academy was just a well - publicized example .
As a result , those scientists who do communicate well are overwhelmingly at a senior stage in their careers .
They wait until they have tenure and are thereby better able to withstand their colleagues ’ hostility .
Young or nontenured scientists are relatively mute before the public because they realize that to be otherwise could mean the kiss of death .
Yet it is especially important for young scientists to be effective communicators because they are the ones most active in research , least diverted by administrative responsibilities , and the best role models for young people .
Of course , these sweeping generalizations conceal exceptions .
How popularizers are viewed by their peers seems to vary among fields of science .
They are more readily accepted or even admired in evolutionary biology ( for example , Stephen Jay Gould ) and medical science and molecular biology ( Lewis Thomas ) , but are much fewer in number and more poorly tolerated in chemistry , mathematics , and astronomy ( Carl Sagan ) .
How you do it also makes a difference : popularizers who vividly project their own persona ( Sagan again ) are less well tolerated than those who focus on the scientific discoveries themselves ( for example , Richard Dawkins ) ; those whose intended audience is the whole public ( Sagan again ) get more flak than those aiming mainly at university students ( Richard Feynman ) .
But the paradoxical trend remains , and it demands explanation .
Why do scientists exhibit so much indifference or hostility toward colleagues who advance the interests of scientists as well as of the public ?
For one thing , communicating to the public and to one ’s fellow scientists requires very different styles .
When we write research articles for our colleagues , we are trained to avoid simplification ; to be precise , using technical terms , inserting all appropriate qualifiers ( if , but , maybe ) , and supplying all relevant details ; to avoid vivid , poetic language , which suggests that we seek to convince by slick words rather than by correct arguments ; to write impersonally , replacing the first person ( I did the experiment ) with the third person ( The author did the experiment ) or the passive voice ( The experiment was done ) , because science is supposed to be about the truth rather than about one ’s ego ; and to give exhaustive credit to colleagues , lest we seem to be claiming undeserved credit .
Naturally , if we were so foolish as to submit an article written in that style to a magazine intended for the general public ( like Discover ) , it would go straight into the wastebasket -- and for good reason , because it would be boring and hard to understand .
Instead scientific explanations aimed at the public must be succinct , direct , and vivid .
When we write for a popular audience , we must use nontechnical language and speak in the first person , simplifying if necessary to make our points clear .
It ’s hard for us scientists to reverse a lifetime of programming and applaud a colleague who writes in a way that we may have worked long and hard to suppress .
It inflames us to see a colleague violating all these rules of academic writing and getting away with it .
Scientists , being human , are also understandably jealous about all the attention that effective popularizers receive .
As Carl Sagan put it , A scientist who devotes his life to studying something arcane like the hyperfine structure of the molybdenum atom , and whose work is ignored by everyone except the world ’s three other experts on molybdenum , naturally is jealous and outraged to see reporters hanging on me for my latest pronouncement about the possibility of extraterrestrial life .
Finally , scientists tend to assume that any colleague who does stoop to explain his or her work to the public is all washed up as a serious scientist and is doing this because he or she is no longer capable of doing real science .
It ’s true that popularizers do tend to be older scientists , but again that ’s because younger scientists fear career ruin .
Public puzzlement is not the only unfortunate result of scientists ’ aversion to writing and speaking comprehensibly .
There is another tragedy , one that has received much less attention : most scientific writing is incomprehensible even to scientists , except for specialists in the author ’s narrow field .
Let me illustrate this with a typical example involving just one recent research article .
I selected it almost at random from hundreds of thousands of research articles published each year .
I picked this particular one because it ’s from one of the two most influential scientific journals in the world , supposedly devoted to wide communication among scientists .
That ’s the journal Science , the weekly publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( aaas , the umbrella organization of all American scientists from physicists to psychologists ) .
Science publishes articles spanning the whole spectrum of fields .
According to the masthead , Its [ aaas ’s ] objectives are to further the work of scientists , to facilitate cooperation among them ... and to increase public understanding and appreciation of the importance and promise of the methods of science in human progress .
Science ’s instructions to prospective contributors state , Submitted manuscripts should be intelligible to readers in a variety of disciplines .
I opened a recent issue of Science and arbitrarily chose an article halfway through the magazine ’s 15 research reports .
The table of contents gives the title : Activation of sapk / jnk by tnf Receptor 1 Through a Noncytotoxic traf2 - Dependent Pathway .
In that entire title the word noncytotoxic is my sole clue as to the subject of the article .
Cytotoxic means poisonous to the living cells that make up a plant ’s or animal ’s body .
Hence I am now confident that the field within which the article ’s subject falls is n’t physics or psychology but cell biology .
Since I have been a professional biologist for 39 years and my research fields include cell biology , I am much more likely to be the article ’s intended reader than most other scientists .
Nevertheless , I have never even heard of sapk , jnk , tnf , traf2 , or their receptors or pathways , so I have not the faintest idea what the article is about .
The title gives me no reason to suspect anything interesting , important , or relevant to my own work .
Ordinarily , I would skip such an incomprehensible article .
I turned to page 200 and read the report ’s first sentence : Interaction of the p55 tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 ( tnf - r1 ) - associated signal transducer tradd with fadd signals apoptosis , whereas the tnf receptor - associated factor 2 protein ( traf2 ) is required for activation of the nuclear transcription factor nuclear factor kappa B .
That sentence introduces more unfamiliar terms ( p55 , tradd , fadd , apoptosis -- most remaining undefined throughout the article ) .
It contains a string of nine nouns and noun-adjectives ( p55 . . . tradd ) in which I have difficulty figuring out which noun is being used as an adjective to modify which other noun , and another string of five nouns and adjectives ( nuclear transcription factor nuclear factor ) about which I am in doubt whether the repetition is intentional or a printer ’s error .
I finally realized that definitions of the acronyms tnf and traf are buried within the sentence ( try to find them yourself ) , so I went on to read the rest of the short report , but in the end I still did n’t know what it was about .
I am not singling out this report to ridicule it or to brand it as exceptional .
Most reports in almost any other scientific journal would have made my point equally well .
Instead I cite it as a completely typical example of that second tragedy -- that even scientists can’t possibly understand most articles written by scientists .
Perhaps the sapk / jnk report reveals something that would let me make a breakthrough in my own research .
But I would never know it unless I made a time - consuming effort to understand the report ( for example , by asking a colleague to explain it to me , or by reading a lot of background material in textbooks ) .
I ’m not going to spend that time , because thousands of scientific reports are published every week , and I ca n’t afford to waste more time on this particular one .
Instead I move on in search of something that I can understand and whose possible relevance to my interests I can recognize .
Unfortunately , great scientific advances come especially from applying discoveries in one field to another field entirely .
If atomic physicists had n’t taken their discovery about the instability of carbon atoms with an atomic weight of 14 and applied it to ancient Egyptian textiles , for example , we would n’t have the radiocarbon dating method .
Research described incomprehensibly loses much of its value because people are likely to overlook possible applications of it outside the immediate field .
It ’s sad that scientists erect such enormous obstacles .
It would be so easy to solve the problem - - for instance , we could publish 20 percent fewer reports but increase their comprehensibility 10,000 percent merely by devoting 20 percent of the length of each published report to defining terms and introducing the subject for scientists from other fields .
Nature , the British equivalent of Science , recently ran an editorial addressing the readability problem and recommending just these sorts of solutions .
Authors , wrote the editors , might ask colleagues outside their fields to read their articles .
They should at least respond positively when Nature ’s editors prod them to remove the nth unexplained acronym in their first paragraph .
Carl Sagan would have done better at explaining sapk / jnk activation , whatever it is .
As Lewis Thomas showed us , it ’s as feasible to explain things clearly in cell biology as it is in astronomy .
But virtually every American scientist learned of Sagan ’s rejection by the National Academy and of other consequences of popularizing science .
Every scientist is capable of recognizing the obvious implications for his or her self - interest .
As a result , the task of explaining science to the public has been largely delegated to science journalists who are not practicing scientists .
Even Science uses journalists to explain recent scientific advances to scientists , in an introductory section termed Research News .
Yet journalists , no matter how gifted they are , ca n’t replace scientists themselves as role models for young people contemplating a career in science , or as advocates before Congress at times of budget hearings , or just as the people most knowledgeable about their subjects .
That takes someone like Sagan .
Of course , there will never be another Carl Sagan , and his loss seems doubly painful because we so badly need scientists with his skill .
Just one would not be enough : we need thousands .
But we are never going to get them -- not until scientists and their organizations drastically change their behavior .
Once upon a time , there was a woman named Stephenie .
She had a dream about a vampire and a high school girl .
The vampire sparkled .
But that is neither here nor there .
95.86 % of you have heard of the Twilight Saga .
Most of you have formed an opinion of it before you came here .
I certainly did .
I hate vampires .
I hate teenagers .
I hate Mary Sues , emotionally abusive “ romances , ” and blatant overuse of adverbs .
Above all , I hate Twilight .
But I ’ve never read it .
This ca n’t be fair , many argue with me .
How can you hate something when you have n’t even experienced it–sashimi fugu poisoning , Escherichia coli , and being covered in bees notwithstanding ?
Yes , I just compared Twilight to getting E. coli .
At any rate , the challenge has been thrown down , and I ca n’t stand idly while my integrity comes into question .
Not to mention that hating something , I mean really giving it all my vitriol , is but one of my many gleeful pasttimes .
Maybe you should just read the recaps and see for yourself .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Banks poised to start fearmongering campaign about Obama ’s bailout fee
If you still needed statistical proof that the folks on Wall Street have become entirely detached from reality in the wake of the massive taxpayer - funded bailout of their colossal mistakes , here it is .
The 38 largest financial institutions on Wall Street will pay out a total of $ 145.85 billion in compensation for 2009 , an 18 percent increase over 2008 and “ slightly more than in the record year of 2007 , ” the Wall Street Journal reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
( By “ slightly , ” the Journal means a 6 percent increase over 2007 , amounting to some $ 8 billion . )
Contrast this with the state of affairs on Main Street , where average earnings increased 2.2 percent in 2009 — and that number excludes the 7 million jobs lost since the recession began .
The Journal reports :
The surge in bonuses comes barely a year after the government bailed out the US financial system amid the worst economic crisis in generations …
The growth reflects a rebound in the banking industry ’s revenue to pre-crisis levels .
The firms in the analysis are on pace to report $ 450 billion in revenue , a 25 % increase from 2007 .
Overall , pay is on pace to be equivalent to about 32 % of revenue , a decline from 40 % in 2008 .
The Journal ‘s $ 145 billion number includes “ salary , health benefits , retirement plans and stock awards as well as the money many firms set aside for bonuses at the end of the year . ”
While news of exorbitant bonuses at banks still sucking on the government teet has been around for months , having a solid figure to measure just how large that teet is will likely help President Barack Obama ’s effort to slap TARP bailout recipients with a fee to recoup the cost to taxpayers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We want our money back , ” Obama said at a brief press conference Thursday .
The president ’s plan would see the largest institutions bailed out under TARP pay out a total of $ 90 billion to the government .
Only firms that took TARP money , and have more than $ 50 billion in assets , would be required to pay .
That amounts to about 35 US - based companies , with the big - name investment banks , like JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs , paying the largest share of the fee .
But the banks targeted by the fee are already making sounds suggesting they will fight it tooth and nail .
Politico reports that the banks plan to argue that the fee will cost the US economy $ 1 trillion in lost potential lending — a questionable claim , given that the fee will at most represent 5 percent of profits at the banks ( according to the Journal ) , and given the overall lack of bank lending since the start of the recession .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are already hearing a hue and cry from Wall Street , suggesting that this proposed fee is not only unwelcome but unfair , that by some twisted logic , it is more appropriate for the American people to bear the cost of the bailout rather than the industry that benefited from it , even though these executives are out there giving themselves huge bonuses , ” Obama said Thursday .
Bono 's call was to " rally America ... the most creative economy in the world "
Bono , frontman of rock band U2 , has warned the film industry not to make the same mistakes with file - sharing that have dogged the music industry .
Writing for the New York Times , Bono claimed internet service providers were " reverse Robin Hoods " benefiting from the music industry 's lost profits .
He hinted that China 's efforts prove that tracking net content is possible .
The editorial drew sharp criticism , both on its economic merits and for the suggestion of net content policing .
" The immutable laws of bandwidth tell us we 're just a few years away from being able to download an entire season of ' 24 ' in 24 seconds , " he wrote .
" A decade 's worth of music file - sharing and swiping has made clear that the people it hurts are the creators ... the people this reverse Robin Hooding benefits are rich service providers , whose swollen profits perfectly mirror the lost receipts of the music business . "
In a move that drew significant criticism , Bono went on to suggest that the feasibility of tracking down file - sharers had already been proven .
" We know from America 's noble effort to stop child pornography , not to mention China 's ignoble effort to suppress online dissent , that it 's perfectly possible to track content , " he said .
Several commentators assailed both the logic of net monitoring and the economic arguments of the essay , pointing out that U2 topped 2009 's list of top - grossing live acts .
" Bono has missed that even a totalitarian government ... ca n't effectively control net - content , " tweeted Cory Doctorow , a blogger and journalist noted for his study of file - sharing policy .
" If only greed and ignorance could sequester carbon , Bono could FINALLY save the planet , " he added .
Researchers at the University of California , Davis , recently identified a powerful scent produced by both humans and birds that apparently lures Culex mosquitoes to their next blood meal .
The source , a substance called nonanal , emits a fruity or floral odor and also is made commercially , used in manufacturing perfumes and flavors .
When given off in the air , nonanal works synergistically with carbon dioxide , another known mosquito attractant , to send a strong message to the biting insects .
Mosquitoes detect smells with the olfactory receptor neurons of their antennae .
“ Nonanal is how they find us , ” said Walter Leal , a professor of entomology and leader of the research team .
“ Mosquitoes are very sensitive to this compound , ” he added .
“ It ’s a very common chemical produced by humans and animals , and also industry .
It ’s everywhere . ”
The discovery ultimately could lead to new ways of controlling mosquitoes , which carry disease - causing viruses , including West Nile virus .
A West Nile infection can result in serious neurological illness .
Mosquitoes from the Culex family -- the focus of this study -- carry West Nile .
Birds , the main host of mosquitoes , are a reservoir for West Nile .
The insects transmit viruses to humans -- as well as to birds , horses , dogs , cats , bats , chipmunks , squirrels and domestic rabbits -- when they bite and take a blood meal .
“ If you can decrease the biting of mosquitoes , you can decrease the incidence of disease , ” Leal said .
Leal and postdoctoral researcher Zain Syed screened hundreds of naturally occurring compounds emitted by multiracial and multiethnic humans , and multiple species of birds , including chickens and pigeons .
They collected chemical odors from 16 human subjects , including two African Americans , two Chinese , eight Caucasians , three Latinos and one East Indian , who ranged in age from 20 to 55 .
They found varying amounts of the substance among the individuals , but everyone produced it .
“ We did n’t find anybody in our samples who was completely depleted of the compound , ” Leal said .
They also baited mosquito traps with a combination of nonanal and carbon dioxide .
“ We were drawing in as many as 2,000 a night in Yolo County , near Davis , ” Syed said .
“ Nonanal , in combination with carbon dioxide , increased trap captures by more than 50 percent , compared to traps baited with carbon dioxide alone . ”
The researchers believe that nonanal results from the breakdown of dietary fatty acids .
Eliminating the intake of fatty acids , however , is not the answer to preventing mosquito bites , Leal said .
“ You ca n’t get rid of fatty acids , ” he said .
“ We need them . ”
Moreover , finding ways to block nonanal may not be the route to mosquito control .
First , humans produce varying levels of the substance and scientists do not yet know the effects of different amounts on mosquito behavior .
In fact , in some cases insects are drawn by small amounts of attractants , while repelled by high amounts .
“ We know there are variations in how much nonanal humans produce , but we do n’t know whether they are related to more or less attraction , ” Leal said .
“ We want to go back to the field and try different doses of nonanal to see if mosquitoes are attracted by more levels - or whether there is a point where the attraction starts to decline . ”
Furthermore , researchers also need to learn more about the body ’s natural repellants , since these , too , likely play a role in controlling mosquito bites .
“ It ’s very common to hear stories about people who go into the field and one gets lots of mosquito bites , while another person does n’t get any , ” Leal said .
“ All of us make natural repellants and attractants , so we could be dealing with more than one compound , ” he added .
“ Some of us may be very attractive to mosquitoes - - not necessarily because we generate nonanal , but because we do n’t generate the natural repellent .
We do n’t know all the chemicals yet .
People are saying : ‘ now you can mask nonanal and everything will be solved . ’
It ’s very appealing to say that , but it ’s not that simple . ”
In 2008 Leal and his team discovered how the insecticide DEET repels mosquitoes .
Scientists had long thought that DEET , an insect repellent developed more than 50 years ago by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , works by masking a human ’s smell or by jamming the insect ’s senses , interfering with its ability to locate a host .
But Leal showed that mosquitoes can smell DEET -- and hate it .
They avoid it simply because they dislike its odor .
The nonanal study , which was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , was funded by the National Science Foundation , the National Institutes of Health , and through a cooperative agreement with Bedoukian Research , a supplier of specialty aroma and flavor ingredients headquartered in Connecticut .
— By Marlene Cimons , NSF .
---
e Forth and Zen
Dr. C. H. Ting
Offete Enterprises
1993
( c) Copyright , 1993 by C. H. Ting
All rights reserved .
The first chapter of this book is presented here in html by permission of Dr. C. H. Ting .
e Forth and Zen
Contents
1. Forth and Zen
2. eForth Model
Origin of eForth
e Forth Model
Changing Environment
Universal Microcomputer
Universal Forth
DOS Implementation
Porting eForth
3. eForth Overview
Inner and Outer Interpreters
Virtual Forth Engine
e Forth Words
Memory Map
Assembly Macros
Address Interpreter
Cold Boot
Initializing User Variables
4. Machine Dependent Kernel
e Forth Kernel
Colon Word Interpreter
Integer Literals
Address Literals
Memory Access
Return Stack Words
Data Stack Initialization
Classic Data Stack Words
Logical Words
Primitive Arithmetic Word
5. High Level Forth Words
User Variables
Vocabulary and Search Order
Multitasking Considerations
More Stack Words
More Arithmetic Operators
More Comparison
More Math Words
Scaling Words
Memory Aligning Words
Special Characters
Managing Data Stack
Memory Access
Memory Array and String Words
6 . Text Interpreter
Numeric Output
Number Formatting Tools
Number Output Words
Numeric Input
Serial I / O Words
Derived I / O Words
String Literal Words
Word Parser
Parsing Words
Dictionary Search
Text Input from Terminal
Error Handling
Text Interpretter Loop
Operating System
7. eForth Compiler
Interpreter and Compiler
Control Structures
String Literals
Name Dictionary Compiler
Defining Words
8. Utilites
Memory Dump
Stack Dump
Stack Checking
Dictionary Dump
Search Token Names
The Simplest Decompiler
Sign - on Message
Hardware Reset
1. Forth and Zen
Forth is often mentioned not only as a computer language but also a religion because of its fervorish followers .
Among religions Zen is considered to be the closest to Forth .
As popularly known Zen is understood as a synonym of simplicity , brevity , light , understanding , wisdom and enlightenment .
These are also attributes to Forth as a language and a philosophy .
Indeed , Zen and Forth also bear striking similarity in their historical development and evolution .
This aspect of similarity between Forth and Zen has not been well documented , and this is one purpose of this book .
Zen and Forth both started as revolutions towards well entrenched establishments -- the priesthood .
Zen and Forth both started as oral traditions because of the lack in supporting literature and the high concentration of expertise .
Zen and Forth both stressed that their matters of subject were simple and straightforward .
However , it was in the interests of the entrenched establishment to make things complicated and inaccessible to common folks .
Zen and Forth both stressed that the true enlightenment and understanding were within the grasp of individuals .
The rituals and the accepted practices exercised in the establishments had nothing to do with these goals .
Here I would like to compare Zen and Forth in greater details so that we all have a better appreciation of these two seemingly unrelated topics .
Forth programmers may be encouraged to press on using this language with a higher hope that their work will be recognized by their peers in the future .
Comparing Forth and Zen
The most important contributions of Huineng , the Sixth Patriarch of Zen in China , was that he had his lectures recorded by his disciples .
He also had the lectures printed and distributed as identifications of discipleship to his teach and his philosophy .
In striking contrast to the Buddhist Sutras translated from Sanskrit , the lectures were plain , easy to read and to comprehend .
This collection of lectures was the only book written by a Chinese to be granted the status of a Sutra in the Buddhist literature , and is commonly call the Platform Sutra .
( Sutras were the teaching of Buddha himself . )
People compared Forth and Zen in a very superficial manner , mostly without the understanding of either .
I feel that there is a need to treat both subjects fully in a single treatise .
There is no better way than to present the very original text of Zen and the source code of Forth side by side .
In the course of preparing the complete documentation for eForth , I thought it would be very useful to lay down the eForth text in parallel with the original text of the Platform Sutra .
Of course , it is impossible to correlate the text of eForth directly with the text of the Platform Sutra .
However , one should be able to see the common threads in them , as the themes of simplicity , personal understanding , enlightenment , and the struggles against prevailing established doctrines recurring time and again in both texts .
As I intended this book for both English and Chinese readers , I would like to include texts and discussions in both English and Chinese .
In effect , we would have four threads running in parallel : the original Platform Sutra in Chinese , its English translation , the text of eForth , and its Chinese translation .
This is how this book is laid out .
Historically , Zen was a grand synthesis , combining the essence of Buddhism , Confucianism , and Taoism after about one thousand years of inter fertilization .
It was the results of the many Chinese minds , struggling for emancipation after a thousand years of conflicts between the traditional humanistic Confucianism , the nihilistic Taoism and the imported anti-materialistic Buddhism .
It laid dormant for a hundred years , surviving through five generations of Zen masters , passing the doctrine orally from heart to heart .
Eventually , during the reign of the Sixth Patriarch , Huineng ( 638-714 AD ) , it blossomed in full and became the dominating religious philosophy in China ever since .
Its influence spread into Japan , Korea , and Southeast Asia .
Lately , it also became fashionable in Western Europe and America .
The history of Forth is too short for meaningful comparison with that of Zen .
It was virtually unknown to the world in its first decade of existence until the late 70's .
It was invented by a lone programmer , Charles H. Moore , outside of the main stream of computer industry and computer sciences .
In the early 70's , it was only used in astronomy , as he helped programming minicomputers to automate the telescopes and the observatories .
Then it blossomed with the microcomputer revolution , promoted by the Forth Interest Group in the early 1980's .
Since 1985 , the Forth Interest Group has been in steady decline , as C became the dominant programming language .
The advantages of Forth , such as the elegance in its architecture , the simplicity in its syntactic construction , and the economy in the memory utilization , seem irrelevant in the age of mega - resources , where MIPS , megabytes of RAM memory , gigabytes of disk storage are commodities easily affordable .
As the operating systems and applications grow to fill the available RAM and disk storage , at some point people will ask the question whether these huge programs are worthy of the resources they consume .
People will have to ask whether the direction we are heading will lead us to better lives and better environment .
When we stop equating bigger to better , and more to happier , then we can re-evaluate the computer technology in a new light .
Then , maybe Forth will shine again .
Zen as an Oral Tradition
Buddhism was founded by Gautama Siddhartha , a religious philosopher and teacher who lived in India ( ~560-480 B.C. )
He was called Buddha which means the enlightened one .
He attracted a large following .
His teaching in essence was that one could reach Nirvana , a divine state of release from earthly pain , sorrow , and desire , by the right living , the right thinking and self denial .
He left no writing behind , while Buddhism flourished in India for a long time .
In the two hundred years after Buddha 's death , many schools formed after different personalities and there were great arguments and debates concerning what were his true teaching .
Great conventions were held to debate the issues and codified his teachings as Sutras in Sanskrit .
The earlier dominant school was Hinayana , which spread to the south and is still flourishing in Sri Lanka , Burma , and Thailand .
The later dominant school was Mahayana , which spread into China , Tibet , Korea , and Japan .
The Hinayana School emphasize the mystic power of Buddha and the personal salvation through one 's own efforts .
The Mahayana School emphasized eclecticism and in common search for salvation .
After the introduction of Mahayana into China in 200 AD , it arose great interests in the intellectuals as well as the peasants .
Many emperors and their courts were converted and spent great efforts in building temples and spreading the Buddhism .
A continuing effort over three hundred years was devoted to translate SanskritSutra and related literature into Chinese .
In Tang Dynasty ( 618-907 AD ) , more than 5000 volumes of Buddhist literature were translated and assembled .
Most of the Sutra translations were done poorly and required a priesthood for the interpretation and dissimulation .
The vast amount of literature also caused sectarian divisions and arguments among the priesthood , continuing the Hindu tradition .
Zen was introduced into China by a legendary Indian monk Buddhidharma in 527 AD .
He stayed at the Shaolin Temple for 9 years , spending all his time meditating in front of a stone wall .
He was known as the ' Indian Monk Looking at a Wall ' .
He did n't use any Sutra , and he did n't write anything .
He taught a few students and encouraged them to find enlightenment in themselves .
His teaching was summarized as :
My teaching is outside Buddhist tradition , As truth cannot be conveyed by writings ;
Cleanse your mind to reveal your true nature ;
One can reach Nirvana directly .
Buddhidharma passed his garment and bowl tohis student Huiko as evidence of the discipleship and commanded him to do the same for five generations .
He then returned to India .
Huiko passed the teach with the garment and the bowl to Sengtsan .
Sengtsan passed them to Taohsin .
Taohsin passed them to Hungjen .
Finally , Hungjen passed them to Huineng ( 638-714 AD ) .
For a hundred years , Zen was passed from mouth to mouth , and from heart to heart .
Very few people knew of its existence .
Even fewer knew its philosophy and teachings .
In China , Buddhism flourished when supported by the emperors and by high officers .
A number of times the Buddhism was almost completely destroyed when the country was in turmoil and when the Confucian officers could convince the emperor that Buddhists were threats to the state .
All the while , the Zen masters orally passed their teachings from one generation to the next .
Forth as an Oral Tradition
Forth was invented by Charles ( Chuck ) H. Moore who was trained as a physicist in MIT but wandered into programming .
In early days , he built an interpreter so that it would execute words on punched cards .
Later he found that these words could be more conveniently compiled into lists , which could be executed by the computer more conveniently .
The interpreter with very small modification , could be made to compile anything and everything , and the whole scheme evolved into a programming language .
It was named Forth , as abbreviated from Fourth , meaning the fourth generation of programming language when the third generation of computers bases on integrated circuits were becoming prevailing in the computing industry .
Very early in the development of Forth , a state of closure was reached .
Chuck was able to generate new Forth systems from an existing Forth system through meta-compilation .
He did not need other programming tools to build new Forth systems , and Forth started to evolve independent of the existing operating systems and programming languages .
This state of closure was very interesting , like the ying - yang cycle .
One could not find an entry point once the cycle was closed .
In that Chuck had the monopoly on Forth , because very few people possessed the understanding to cut in the cycle in order to build new Forth systems .
He felt quite secure in giving users the complete source listings , fairly sure of that nobody could reversed engineered the Forth technology , even though the source listings were complete and truthful .
Indeed , the source code was very difficult to read , because a Forth system was generated by the meta - compiler , and the meta - compiler was written in Forth .
To understand Forth , one had to understand the meta - compiler .
To understand the meta - compiler , one had to understand Forth completely .
Where do you start ?
Forth thus became a legend .
The astronomers loved it so much that they made it the standard language for observatory automation .
It was fairly easy to use but very difficult to understand .
The source code traveled to the far corners of the world with the telescopes , but the knowledge and understanding of Forth was only passed from mouth to mouth and heart to heart .
Hence Forth became an oral tradition these days .
Forth code tended to be concise and often packed tightly in blocks .
In - line documentation and comments were deemed too expensive , and most code was poorly commented .
Forth thus acquired the reputation of a write - only language .
Several manuals were circulated among the observatories , documenting a few of the most popular Forth implementations .
These manuals mostly contained a short section introducing Forth and discussing how to use that particular Forth system , and a long dictionary documenting what each word did .
These manuals told the users what Forth was , but provided very little help as to how Forth worked .
Acceptance of Zen
Huineng , the Sixth Patriarch , was a genius .
He could n't read because he was borne poor and gathered wood for a living , but he could explain the Sutras when people read them to him .
He went to learn from the Fifth Patriarch Hungjen , and Hungjensent him to labor in the kitchen .
As Hungjen got old and wanted to pass on the garment and the bowl , he asked his students to write poems to show him their understanding of the enlightenment .
His best student Shenhsiu wrote the following poem :
Our body is the bodhi tree , And our mind a mirror bright .
Carefully we wipe them hour by hour , And let no dust alight .
Hearing this poem , Huineng asked a scholar to write down his own poem , because he could n't write himself :
There is no bodhi tree , Nor stand of a mirror bright .
Since all is void ,
Where can the dust alight ?
When Hungjen saw this poem , he passed the garment and the bowl to Huineng and told Huineng : " You are the one Buddhidharma prophesied .
Zen will flourish in China through you .
Take the garment and the bowl to be the Sixth Patriarch , but do not pass them on any more . '"
Hungjen was in such a hurry to pass things to Huineng that he did n't even shave Huineng 's hair ( to admit him to Buddhist order ) , as Huineng was still a layman .
About 20 years later , when Huineng was well established as the Master of Zen , he was asked by a Provincial Officer to give lectures on Zen .
The Officer had Huineng 's eldest student Fahai recorded his lectures and had the lectures printed as the ' Platform Sutra , Lectures by the Six Patriarch ' .
When Huineng was about to die , Fahai asked him : " What are you going to do with the garment and the bowl ?
Who 's going the inherit them ? "
Huineng said : " As commanded by Buddhidharma , the garment and the bowl will not be passed on .
But now you have the Platform Sutra .
Go forth and teach others according to this Sutra .
Everything I learned I put down in it .
When you read it , it is as if you am talking to me . "
20 years after Huineng died , the Northern School was favored by the royal court and dominated the Buddhist landscape .
The Southern School was scattered and mute in Southern China .
One of Huineng 's student , Shenhui ( 686 -760 AD ) , went to the capital and challenged the doctrine and the Zen inheritance of the Northern School in a series of lectures and public debates .
He convinced the court and the public of the historical significance of Huineng and established the Platform Sutra as the orthodox doctrine of Zen Buddhism .
Acceptance of Forth
The major breakthrough in the Forth arena was due to the Forth Interest Group , which was founded by Bill Ragsdale in 1978 in the Silicon Valley .
The most important contribution FIG made was to reverse - engineer a Forth system from ground zero , thus breaking the infinite ying - yang cycle .
FIG organized a Forth Implementation Team which built and released 6 Forth implementations for the 6 then most popular microprocessors based on the figForth model .
These implementations were written in assembly code of the native microprocessors .
People who were familiar with the assembly code could then easily implement figForth on their own microcomputers .
figForth thus trained a new generation of Forth programmers outside the Forth oral tradition .
There were a host of Forth literature appearing in the early 1980's , which further helped the popularization of Forth among the personal computer users .
Among them was Leo Brodie 's ' Starting Forth ' , ' Thinking Forth ' , and the 1979 Special Forth Language Issue in the Byte magazine .
' Forth Dimensions ' from FIG and ' Journal of Forth Applications and Research ' from the Forth Institute were the two major publications on Forth .
These literature showed that Forth penetrated into many different scientific communities and technical industries .
My most important contribution to Forth was the publication of ' Systems Guide to figForth ' , first released in 1979 .
Instead of telling people what Forth did , it systematically explored how Forth did things and why things were done the ways they were .
It put to rest the myth that Forth was a write - only language by showing that Forth could be understood by the average user with some casual study .
It showed how the inner interpreter and the outer interpreter worked , and why words and dictionary in Forth wereconstructed the ways they were by necessity .
It proved that the understanding of Forth could be transmitted through the paper medium without personal interaction .
The impact of this work , I would like to believe myself , was similar to what Huineng caused with his Platform Sutra on Zen .
Simplicity in Zen .
Buddhism is very complicated because it is not a monolithic system of thoughts and philosophy .
It accumulated many centuries of cultural and philosophical development .
The Sutras were all attributed to Buddha but were most likely written by people remotely associated with Buddha .
Lots of the mystic Hinduism found their ways into Buddhism , which was inevitable because Buddhism was developed in the Hindu environment , like the 33 layers of heaven , 18 layer in hell , the reincarnation of all animals , etc .
There were many different theories about how life , death , and Nirvana .
There were many sectors and schools about how one could attain Nirvana to avoid the reincarnation into a lower animal form .
Thing got complicated and confusion reigned supreme .
In essence , everybody just picked what he believed and convinced others that his was the best and most logical way to deal with life and all its ramifications .
The general consensus was that vegetarianism was good , giving to the temple was good , kindness to people and animal was good , reciting Sutra was good , meditation was good , worshipping Buddha and other Buddhist deities was good , dedicating to priesthood was good , etc .
Could one attain Nirvana by doing all these ?
Maybe .
Maybe not .
Zen was a great simplification of all these .
Huineng maintained that Buddha hood and enlightenment could not be achieved through generally accepted Buddhist practices , like reciting Sutras , making offerings , meditation in special sitting positions .
As everybody already had the Buddha nature in him , all he had to do is looking inward to find the true Buddha .
Our senses and our thoughts tended to veil us from the Buddha nature and they should not be trusted .
The process of Zen ( Dhyana , Ch'an , meditation ) , was to reject the influences of senses and thoughts , and to arrive at a state of ideallessness , nonobjectivity , and nonattachment .
In this state , nothing external of ourselves and within our own minds can influence us and dragged us back to the earthy existence .
Simplicity in Forth
The poem by Shenhsiu and the poem by Huineng provide the best contrast for us to compare the conventional wisdom in the current computer industry against the Forth philosophy .
Let me paraphrase the poems to show my point .
From the mainstream of the computer science , one will advice our youngster :
Hardware is complicated , Software even more so .
Study hard day and night , Maybe you 'll find a way to go .
From the point of view of Forth , we might say :
Hardware is the reality , Software but an illusion .
Learn your Forth well ,
And beat both into submission .
Computer hardware is difficult .
Computer software is even more difficult .
We have volumes and volumes of literature to prove them .
Hardware and software are difficult , only because people are not given the right tools to deal with the complexity in these systems .
If we insist on asking whether the complexity is necessary , we can convince ourselves that they should not be complicated .
The computer hardware evolved trying to solved the perceived software problems .
The software evolved trying to solve the perceived hardware problems and the problems in the human interface .
If these preconceived problems do not exist at all , the hardware can be simple and powerful .
The software can be simple and powerful as well .
In a typical computer system , there are layers upon layers of software between the user and the computer hardware .
The operating system and its utilities , the compilers , assemblers , editors , linkers and loaders are all very complicated and mostly proprietary programs .
They helped the user to start his journey into this computer juggle .
After a while , they tend to hinder the users progress , because they insulate the user from the hardware , and deliberate efforts were expended to prevent the user to fully make use of the capabilities built in the hardware .
This issue of simplicity can be illustrated in the following diagram .
The operating systems and the applications separate the user and the computer hardware .
The software protects the hardware , because the user is not to be trusted .
Leaving to the user , he will abuse the hardware and causes the system to crash .
In the days of mainframe computers , the greatest sin was to crash the computer , because the livelihood of the computer priesthood depended upon the continuing operation of the computer .
The hardware and the operating system had to be protected at all costs .
In this age of personal computers , the priority is turned by 180 degrees .
The user owns the computer .
He is responsible for its operation .
Is it necessary to protect the computer against its owner ?
Forth provides a much simplified interface between the user and his computer as show in the following diagram .
Forth is a simple and integrated interface between the user and his computer .
Through Forth , the use can directly control the computer hardware , because every part of the computer system is freely accessible to the user .
Therefore , the user can explore the best way to use the computer system to suit his applications .
With the freedom to access computer hardware comes the responsibility to use the hardware properly .
The user may crash the system frequently .
It will cause no harm as long as the computer can recover quickly from the crashes with minimal damages to the data stored in the computer system .
After all , the user owns the computer .
There are other examples which shows that complexity does not necessarily mean performance .
Simple systems are generally faster and more resilient .
Registers in the CPU are designed to hold temporary data so that the CPU does not have to go to the slow memory to fetch and store data .
However , large number of registers become a burden when you call subroutines , and the registers must be saved before the call and restored after the return .
In order to speed up a computer , you tend to have more and more registers and make less and less subroutine calls .
If we recognize that in high level languages and in structure programming the subroutine is the most important mechanism , we should instead optimize the memory access in the subroutine call - return and put all the intermediate data on the data stack .
Another example is the prefix arithmetical notation prevailing in conventional programming languages .
The prefix notation is unnatural and was forced upon all young minds in their algebra lessons .
It is much more natural for both computers and humans to think in linear lists , sequentially executed .
Thinking algebraically , you need two - pass compilers to break the equations down into pieces and reassemble them for the computer to execute .
Thinking in the postfix terms , a simple one - pass interpreter can be drafted to perform all the functions required of a complicated compiler .
Enlightenment in Zen
Zen was the cumulative synthesis of the Buddhist philosophy and the traditional Chinese Confucianism and Taoism .
Zen was also a revolution against the Buddhist traditions and establishments .
It discredited the Buddhist practices , which emphasized ceremonies and outer appearances , while claimed that the enlightenment exists only in the minds of individuals .
A huge amount of Buddhist literature had been translated from Sanskrit to Chinese .
Because the translations were difficult to understand , a priesthood was established for its dissimulation and interpretation .
Towards this literal tradition , the Zen masters proclaimed that enlightenment could not be transmitted by written words , but had to be handed done orally from heart to heart .
In traditional Buddhist theories , it was very difficult to attain Nirvana or Buddhahood .
It required a long time of studying , and the practice of self - denial .
In the end , there was still no assurance that one could attain it .
Even if one attained it in this life , there would be the possibility of losing it in the next life .
There were external forces which we could not know and we could not avoid .
Zen placed the possibility and the capability to attain enlightenment and Buddhahood squarely in the individual , by declaring that the Buddha nature is part of the human nature and it exists in everybody .
The Buddha nature is vile and corrupted by the worldly desires and thoughts .
These desires and thoughts can be purged , the individual can thus be enlightened , and his own Buddha nature can reveal itself .
The enlightenment is the realization of this self - sufficient Buddha nature .
As to how one became enlightened , there were two major schools of thoughts .
Huineng insisted that enlightenment came suddenly and Senghsui maintained that it ought to be the results of diligent study , mediation and searching .
These were the Southern Sudden School and the Northern Gradual School .
However , as Huineng maintained , how enlightenment is achieved is not important .
The important thing is its realization .
People are all different , and they are enlightened in different ways .
A master can teach , but he can not enlighten .
The enlightenment comes from within .
The best a master can do is to inspire , to help , to lead the way , and maybe to strike a sharp blow on the head at the right time .
Enlightenment in Forth
What is the enlightenment in Forth ?
I think it is the complete understanding of a computer in terms of its operations and its interface to the user .
This understanding is not as complicated as we have all being lead to believe .
It involves two components of Forth : the inner interpreter which Forth imposes on the computer hardware to execute Forth lists , and the outer interpreter which executes words typed in by the user .
If one understands both the inner interpreter and the outer interpreter , he has the complete understanding of computer , in the sense that he can go out and build a Forth system on any computer and make that computer do what he wants it to do .
He then will realize that operating systems and languages enslave people to do what the system permits them to do , while Forth gives them freedom to tell the computer to do what they want to do .
This is enlightenment .
Operating systems and programming languages are designed to enslave the users , by their sheer sizes and their complexities .
They are too complicated to be understood by individual users .
Forth shows that an operating system and a high level language do not have to be complicated .
In fact , they can be very simple and can be mastered by individuals with some limited efforts .
Once the principles are mastered , they can be applied to all computers .
Then , the user can become the master , and the computers become obedient but powerful slaves .
To be the master of powerful slaves is very enlightening and satisfying .
Once you taste the freedom and the satisfaction of being the master , you will not want to be enslaved again by a computer through its operating systems and programming languages .
( note at the time of publication , 1993 , Offete also published the Platform Sutra , and had 25 different eForth disks available . )
( the entire text including chapters 2 - 8 is available in printed form from Offete Enterprise Inc. )
9. Some Final Thoughts .
Congratulations if you reach this point the first time .
As you can see , we have traversed a complete Forth system from the beginning to the end , and it is not as difficult as you might have thought before you began .
But , think again what we have accomplished .
It is a complete operating system with an integrated interpreter and an integrated compiler all together .
If you look in the memory , the whole sytem is less than 7 Kbytes .
What else can you do with 7 Kbytes these days ?
Forth is like Zen .
It is simple , it is accessible , and it can be understood in its entirety without devoting your whole life to it .
Is this the end ?
Not really .
There are many topics important in Forth that we chose to ignore in this simple model .
They include multitasking , virtual memory , interrupt control , programming style , source code management , and yes , metacompilation .
However these topics can be considered advanced applications of Forth .
Once the fundamental principles in Forth are understood , these topics can be subject for further investigations at your leisure .
Forth is not an end in itself .
It is only a tool , as useful as the user intends it to be .
The most important thing is how the user can use it to solve his problems and build useful applications .
What eForth gives you is the understanding of this tool .
It is up to you to make use of it .
2512 10th Street
The Iliad is the first great book , and the first great book about the suffering and loss of war .
We love to tell stories about war .
Tony Blair wove his own when giving evidence at the Chilcot inquiry yesterday : the latest , unpoetic attempt to make sense of an east - west clash of powers .
He might note that " spin " goes back to The Iliad : the first - century writer Dio Chrysostom argued that Homer , for reasons of his own , suppressed the truth about the Trojan war – in reality , the Greeks lost .
" Men learn with difficulty . . . but they are deceived only too readily , " he wrote .
Why is the first book a book about war ?
Perhaps because war is inextricably bound up with humanity 's urge to tell stories .
Civilisation – with its settlements , its boundary lines , its hierarchies – breeds conflict and narrative alike .
In The Iliad , two characters have the narrative urge , and something approaching a synoptic view of the scenes surging around them .
Achilles sings stories of heroes ' deeds in battle , and Helen embroiders scenes of fighting on an elaborate textile .
Many wishing to make sense of wars in their own time have reached for The Iliad .
Alexander the Great , perhaps the most flamboyantly successful soldier in history , slept beside a copy annotated by his tutor , Aristotle .
" He esteemed it a perfect portable treasure of all military virtue and knowledge , " according to Plutarch 's biography .
Simone Weil 's essay , " L'Iliade ou le poème de la force " , published in 1940 , holds that " the true hero , the true ­subject at the centre of The Iliad is force " , which she defines as " that X that turns anybody who is subjected to it into a thing " .
Her contemporary Rachel Bespaloff , a Geneva - raised philosopher who wound up in the United States , also turned to Homer 's poem as a " method of facing " the second world war .
For her , it tells a profound , human story – " Suffering and loss have stripped Hector bare , " her essay " On The Iliad " begins .
We are still turning to The Iliad , amid our own wars : the Australian writer David Malouf 's recent novel , Ransom ( Chatto & Windus ) , is about the encounter between Priam and Achilles in The Iliad 's final book , while Caroline Alexander 's new study of the poem , The War that Killed Achilles ( Faber ) , sees it as a meditation on the catastrophic effects of conflict .
While she does not indulge in crass equivalences , it is hard not to be alerted by her reading to the devastation caused by the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Today 's students at West Point , the elite US military academy where one may minor in " terrorism studies " , study The Iliad as part of their literature course .
In her 2007 book Soldier 's Heart , Elizabeth Samet , literature professor at the institution , recalls a visit by the late translator - poet Robert Fagles , who recited , in Greek , the first lines of the epic .
The 1,000 plebes in his audience must now be in command positions in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The military language of the conflicts even brings with it distant echoes of Homer : Operation Achilles was a Nato offensive in 2007 aimed at clearing Helmand province of the Taliban .
The Trojan war – a more or less mythical event – was a 10 - year siege of the city of Troy by a coalition of Greeks , its purpose to restore Helen to her Spartan husband , Menelaus .
The Iliad charts not the famous causes of the conflict ( the Trojan prince Paris 's abduction of Helen ) nor its ­spectacularly bloody end ( the Greeks ' ruse of the wooden horse and the brutal sacking of the city ) .
Instead , the subject of the poem is menis , fury – specifically , the wrath of the Greeks ' best warrior , Achilles .
That wrath is provoked by his ­commander - in - chief Agamemnon 's misguided decision to seize Briseis , Achilles 's captive woman , as compensation for his own bit of living loot , Chriseis , whom he has been obliged to restore to her Trojan father .
Achilles , his pride and honour outraged , withdraws from the fighting and persuades his mother , the goddess Thetis , to ask Zeus to turn the tide of war against the Greeks , knowing that they will suffer appalling losses .
He stubbornly resists all appeals to return to battle , but ­eventually agrees to send his beloved comrade , Patroclus , into the fray .
When Patroclus is killed by the Trojans ' best fighter , Hector , Achilles whirls into a frenzy of redoubled , re­directed rage .
He joins the fighting , and begins a lengthy and pitiless slaughtering spree .
Finally , he kills Hector in single combat and attaches the corpse to his chariot , dragging it triumphantly around the walls of the city .
( In 2004 , the bodies of American contractors were attached to the backs of cars and dragged through the streets of Fallujah . )
At the end of the poem Hector 's frail and eldery father , Priam , enters the Greeks ' camp and persuades Achilles to restore to him his son's body .
Not all soldiers have seen the point .
TE Lawrence esteemed Homer sufficiently to translate him ( rather unsatisfactorily ) , but he was scornful of the poet 's knowledge of military affairs .
Homer , he thought , must have been " very bookish " and " a house - bred man " .
In her book Samet records one of her students , declaring that ­" Alexander was a fool to carry this poem around with him . "
He had found ­nothing to emulate in either Agamemnon or Achilles – until he read through to book 11 of the poem , when he " got " it .
This is the section known as Agamemnon 's aristeia – his day of glory in the field .
Perhaps what appealed to the student was the scene in which the commander arms for ­battle , around 30 lines of minutely ­described military hardware down to the bronze - tipped spears that flash in the sunlight 's glare : lovingly summoned - up boys ' toys .
Or perhaps , ­after all , it was the ­account of Agamemnon 's brutal military prowess that transfixed him , the commander knocking the life out of every young Trojan he encounters , deaf to their cries for mercy :
" And he pitched Pisander off the chariot on to earth
and plunged a spear in his chest – the man crashed on his back as
Hippolochus leapt away , but him he killed on the ground ,
slashing off his arms with a sword , lopping off his head
and he sent him rolling through the carnage like a log . "
( Here , as throughout , the translation is Fagles 's for Penguin Classics . )
The onward rush of these almost joyful descriptions of slaughter in The Iliad might cause some modern readers to question the values of the poem , or at least to measure out the long distance between us and the society from which it sprang .
Homer was no peacenik .
" Homer and Tolstoy have in common a virile love of war and a virile horror of it , " Bespaloff wrote in " On The Iliad " .
It is futile to look to Homer for a condemnation of war : " People make war , they put up with it , they curse it , they even praise it in songs and verses , but it is not to be judged any more than destiny is . "
But it 's easy to see why Lawrence struggled to admire The Iliad 's descriptions of battle .
Though they are never lacking in drama , they are frequently implausible , even to a civilian eye , not least in the way that soldiers die – ­impossibly cleanly and instantaneously .
Rare are the cases in which the combatants are tended to by literature 's first field surgeons , Machaon and Podalirius , or on one occasion by Patroclus himself , who turns medic to help his comrade Eurypylus .
The agony of death - throes , the cries of pain from soldiers too wounded to move , are absent from the poem .
Compare this account , by John Charles Austin , from John Carey 's Faber Book of Reportage , describing the evacuation of the British Expeditionary Force from Dunkirk in June 1940 : " A horrible stench of blood and mutilated flesh pervaded the place . . .
We set our faces in the direction of the sea , quickening our pace to pass through the belt of this nauseating miasma as soon as possible .
' Water . . .
Water . . .' groaned a voice from the ground just in front of us .
It was a wounded infantryman .
He had been hit so badly that there was no hope for him . "
Nor do the heroes of The Iliad suffer the long - term consequences of injury – a fact for which the disparity between ancient and modern medical practice cannot alone account .
Odysseus famously has a scar in The Odyssey – it is the means by which his childhood nurse , Eurycleia , sees through his ­disguise as she bathes him on his return to Ithaca – but this he acquired in a boar hunt .
Yet The Iliad still has much to say about war , even as it is fought today .
It tells us that war is both the bringer of renown to its young fighters and the destroyer of their lives .
It tells us about post - conflict destruction and chaos ; about war as the great reverser of fortunes .
It tells us about the age - old dilemmas of fighters compelled to serve under incompetent superiors .
It tells us about war as an attempt to protect and preserve a treasured way of life .
It tells us , too , about the profound gulf between civilian existence and life on the front line ; about atrocities and indiscriminate slaughter ; about war 's peculiar mercilessness to women and children ; about friendships and sympathies across the battle lines .
It tells us of the love between soldiers who fight together .
Most of all , it tells us about the frightful losses of war : of a soldier losing his closest companion , of a ­father losing his son .
At the centre of the poem 's most urgent observations on the nature of war is its hero , Achilles , an extreme character in all senses – The Iliad 's most bloodthirsty warrior , the quickest to anger , but at times the most tender .
He is tinged with the supernatural : his mother is a goddess ; his armour is forged by the god Hephaestus ; even his chariot - team consists of immortal horses , the gift of Zeus .
He sees the war with an enhanced perspective ; as Alexander points out , he is clear - eyed about the utter pointlessness of the conflict .
During his outburst to Agamemnon in book one , Achilles says :
The Trojans never did me damage , not in the least ,
they never stole my cattle or my horses , never
in Phthia where the rich soil breeds strong men
did they lay water my crops .
How could they ?
Look at the endless miles that lie between us . . .
shadowy mountain ranges , seas that surge and thunder .
No , you , colossal , shameless – we all followed you ,
to please you , to fight for you , to win your honour
back from the Trojans .
" This war is stupid and pointless .
It 's not our country and it's not our fight , " is a view typical of those recorded by Guardian photographer and film - ­makerSean Smith when he was embedded among US troops in Iraq .
The Odyssey is a poem as full of twists and turns as the mind of its wily hero , Odysseus .
It contains flashbacks , embedded narratives , exotic locations , fairytale characters and a chronology – sometimes stretched , sometimes compressed – that covers a decade .
The Iliad , in contrast , is a linear tale , circumscribed in geography and time - frame : we are placed variously in the Greeks ' camp , the plain outside Troy , the city itself , and in the gods ' home on Mount Olympus .
Its characters are nearly all soldiers and gods , with mere bit parts for women , children and other non-combatants .
It covers about 40 days during the 10th year of the war .
One of its most arresting characteristics , however , is the way it casts us forward and back , hinting at both a lost , peaceful world " back home " , and the horrors of the post - conflict world to come .
This is a quality that does much to lend the poem its pathos , and its constant sense of loss .
Take its regularly used epithets : these familiar phrases ( " wine - dark " sea , " rosy - fingered " dawn ) have often been seen as simply as the more or less meaningless metrical building blocks that would have helped a bard to improvise lines of verse on the hoof .
Sometimes , though , they seem to be carefully ­chosen .
The last line of the epic is " And so they buried Hector , breaker of horses . "
That epithet , " breaker of horses " , has been used of the hero ­dozens of times , yet it never ceases to stop me in my tracks .
Breaking horses is a gentle art , the occupation of peacetime ( even if those horses are being readied for future war ) .
None of that for Hector now .
There 's a curious resonance between that line and an account , again published in Carey 's collection , by a young farmhand who fought on the other side of the Dardanelles , in Gallipoli , in 1915 .
The lad is on sentry duty in the trenches .
" I knew the next sentry up quite well .
I remembered him in Suffolk singing to his horses as he ploughed .
Now he fell back with a great scream and a look of surprise – dead . "
Lost peacetime is , however , most often conjured up through the poet 's imagery – in which we are often invited to imagine an act of great violence with the help of similes drawn from a pastoral world far from the battlefields of Troy .
In the 11th book , the Greek warrior Ajax slowly withdraws from a bout of hand - to - hand fighting :
Like a stubborn ass some boys lead down a road . . .
stick after stick they 've cracked across his back
but he 's too much for them now , he rambles into a field
to ravage standing crops .
They keep beating his ribs ,
splintering sticks – their struggle child 's play
till with one final shove they drive him off
but not before he 's had his fill of feed .
In book 13 , an arrow bounces off Menelaus 's shield like chickpeas off a shovel ; the following book has a boulder thrown by Ajax that sends Hector " whirling like a whipping top " .
Such humble , almost humorous images have a cumulative effect , creating a lightly sketched vision of a parallel world that sits at the back of the mind as we absorb the " foreground " action of the battle for Troy .
Occasionally , such images contain their own violence , blurring into to the scenes they are helping us conjure .
In the 12th book , the armies are said to fight like farmers rowing over a disputed a boundary stone – war writ small .
It is the Trojans , meanwhile , who provide the most obvious focus for the fragility of civilian life , and the horrors that await the city 's old , its women , and its very young .
One feature of the poem is that it accords equal dignity to both sides in the war : the Trojans are not dehumanised into " ragheads " or " gooks " .
In book six comes the ­famous , moving scene in which Hector , returning to the city after a bout of ­battle , encounters his wife Andromache and son Astyanax .
This is a passage of tenderness and tearing grief , as we witness the hero 's love for his wife and hers for him ; and the sweet fragility of their child .
It is this passage that helps Samet find in Hector the blueprint of the " citizen soldier " , a warrior fighting to save his home and his values – a neat Americanisation .
Andromache appeals to her husband to use defensive tactics , to stop leading his men from the front .
She is already a victim of war : her father and seven brothers have been killed in a previous conflict by Achilles himself ; her mother is dead , too .
" You , Hector – you are my father now , my noble mother , / a brother too , and you are my husband , young and warm and strong ! /
Pity me please , " she begs .
Hector ­sorrowfully refuses : honour dictates he must lead his men in the field , though he has ­little doubt of the defeat that is coming .
It is not so much the pain of his parents , his brothers , dying that haunts him , he says .
" That is nothing , nothing beside your agony
when some brazen Argive hales you off in tears .
wrenching away your day of light and freedom !
Then far off in the land of Argos you must live .
labouring at a loom , at another woman 's beck and call ,
fetching water at some spring , Messeis or Hyperia ,
resisting all the way – "
The child Astyanax recoils at the sight of his father 's frightening plumed helmet .
Hector picks him up , and Andromache smiles through her tears .
He prays that the boy might one day be prince of the Trojans , their best fighter , better even than his father , " a joy to his mother 's heart " .
In antiquity , those encountering the poem would probably have been familiar with two other epics , now lost , that dealt with later parts of the ­Trojan war story ( these are known as The Little ­Iliad and The Sack of Troy ) .
The ­Odyssey fills in some blanks , not least the story of the wooden horse .
Later come those Athenian fifth - century tragedies that develop stories begun in The Iliad : Aeschylus 's Agamemnon , and Euripides 's plays Hecuba and The Trojan Women , which deal with the calamitous fall - out of the war on its female victims – its " collateral damage " .
From such texts we know how right , and how wrong , Hector is .
We know that Andromache will , yes , be dragged into slavery .
But we also know that his aspirations for his son are empty ; even the infant 's name is a cruel joke ­( Astyanax means " lord of the city " ) .
The baby will be flung over Troy 's ­ramparts by the victorious Greeks – a scene that appears in The Trojan Women .
It is perhaps in the relationships between the combatants that modern soldiers might most readily see their own emotions mirrored .
In his book Achilles in Vietnam : Combat Trauma and the Undoing of Character , American psychiatrist Jonathan Shay finds parallels between the pathologies of ­Vietnam veterans whom he has treated , and Homer 's Achilles .
He argues that Achilles is suffering from what we would now call combat trauma , the death of Patroclus causing his character fatally to unravel .
In particular , Shay compares the comradeship and passionate loyalty of American soldiers in Vietnam to that between Achilles and Patroclus – who grew up together , fought alongside each other , and whose relationship is the subject of some of Homer 's most tender writing .
In book 16 – shortly before he agrees to let Patroclus enter the fighting – Achilles finds him weeping :
" Why in tears , Patroclus ?
Like a girl , a baby running after her mother ,
begging to be picked up , and she tugs her skirts ,
holding her back as she tries to hurry off – all tears
fawning up at her , till she takes her in her arms . . .
That 's how you look , Patroclus , streaming live tears . . . "
Such fierce tenderness is echoed in the conversation of today 's British troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Former Guardian war reporter Audrey Gillan was , in 2003 , embedded with the Household Cavalry in Iraq .
The regiment was initially reluctant to host a female journalist , but she was later told by the driver of the personnel carrier that became her home " Do n't worry , I will never , ever leave you .
I will pick you up and carry you if I have to . "
In 2008 , Gillan spoke to soldiers from the Princess of Wales 's Royal Regiment who had been involved in a particularly brutal firefight in Basra four years earlier .
Lance Corporal Martin
Hill remembered the end of a fellow soldier : " He was dead .
You could see his skin changing colour and his eyes were dilated .
We went through every emotion possible then .
Blokes were screaming out and crying . "
This is a long way from ramrod backs and stiff upper -lips .
When Antilochus brings Achilles the news of Patroclus 's death in book 18 ,
" A black cloud of grief came shrouding over Achilles
Both hands clawing the ground for soot and filth ,
he poured it over his head , fouled his handsome face
and black ashes settled on to his fresh clean war - shirt ,
Overpowered in all his power , sprawled in the dust ,
Achilles lay there , fallen . . .
tearing his hair , defiling it with his own hands . . . "
Shay records one of his patients recalling his own fury : " I really loved fucking killing , could n't get enough .
For every one of them I killed I felt better .
Made some of the hurt went away [ sic ] .
Every time you lost a friend it seemed like a part of you was gone .
Get one of them to compensate what they had done to me .
I got very hard , cold , merciless .
I lost all my mercy . "
Achilles also gets hard , cold , merciless .
Even by the standards of The Iliad , his killing spree is grotesque .
He cannot sleep or eat ; he thinks only of killing : " what I really crave / is slaughter and blood and the choking groans of men " .
He slakes his bloodthirst by felling men , by filling the waters of the Scamander so full of bodies and gore that the river deity himself rises up from the depths in anger .
It is " all day permanent red " , to borrow the memorable title of one of ­Christopher Logue 's ­poetic reimaginings of The Iliad .
Achilles captures 12 Trojan men whom he will sacrifice on Patroclus 's pyre – again , even by the standards of The Iliad , a horrific act ; today , we would call it a war crime .
In book 21 , he downs the Trojan prince Lycaon .
You captured me once before , says Lycaon , but then , merciful , you spared my life .
Do the same now .
Achilles responds :
" Come , friend , you too must die .
Why moan about it so ?
Even Patroclus died , a far , far better man than you .
And look , you see how handsome and powerful I am ?
The son of a great man , the mother who gave me life
a deathless goddess .
But even for me , I tell you ,
death and the strong force of fate are waiting .
There will come a dawn or a sunset or high noon
when a man will take my life in battle too –
flinging a spear perhaps
or whipping a deadly arrow off his bow . "
After the loss of Patroclus , all life – ­Lycaon 's , his own – is , for Achilles , utterly meaningless .
We are all going to die ; we ( or at least you ) may as well die now .
Yet this is an aberration : life does have meaning in The Iliad , a meaning that is bound up both with a warrior 's kleos , the glory he achieves in the field , and , paradoxically , with a hero 's willing , onward surge towards death .
How are we , then , to read the poem amid the horrors and contradictions of our own wars , conflicts that have destroyed countless Andromaches and Astyanaxes ?
Bleak as The Iliad is , it is made all the bleaker by its divine characters .
The poem 's gods , who urge on the fighters and intervene to help their favoured heroes , are flimsy and flippant compared to their mortal counterparts , a source of troubling light relief rather than profundity .
The life - and - death struggles of the human characters seem weightier and more agonisingly present when set against the meaningless existence of the gods .
This is a hard world : the war is n't " for " anything , certainly not some greater good , but is merely part of the blind workings of an inexplicable fate that even Zeus , king of the gods , must bow to .
When the warriors die , there are no flights of angels to sing them to their rest , only the prospect of a ghastly , ghostly , absence of meaning .
As Hector 's soul departs his dying body , it does so " wailing his fate / leaving his manhood far behind , / his young and supple strength " .
The Iliad is a cavalcade of loss , an endless ­parade of men summoned briefly to life only to be consigned to death – such as young Gorgythion in the eighth book , subject of one of the poet 's most poignant similes :
" As a garden poppy , burst into red
bloom , bends ,
dropping its head to one side ,
weighed down
by its full seeds and a sudden spring
shower ,
so Gorgythion 's head fell limp over
one shoulder ,
weighed down by his helmet . "
To post - first - world - war readers , it is hard not to add a further layer to these lines – Flanders fields a carpet of blood - red poppies .
At the end of the poem comes the scene between Priam and Achilles , when the frail , grieving father finds it in himself to kiss those " terrible , man-­killing hands / that had slaughtered Priam 's many sons in battle " , when ­Achilles sees reflected in the face of Priam the likeness of his own beloved father .
Weil underestimated the power of this passage .
Achilles is not simply an unfeeling " thing " , reduced by the unspeakable power of force .
The truth may be harder to take .
He is at the same time a mass slaughterer and the gentlest of men .
Only a few lines of verse stand between the Achilles who wipes away the tears of his beloved Patroclus and the one who piles up hecatombs of the Trojan dead .
Find in this comfort , if you can .
• This article was amended on 2 February 2010 .
In the original , Robert Fagles was said to have recited the 1,000 lines of The Iliad in Greek during a West Point visit .
This has been corrected .
Konami has announced that their tactical RPG Vandal Hearts : Flames of Judgement will be released via XBLA on Wednesday , January 20 .
FoJ is a prequel to the 1997 PS1 game Vandal Hearts , and has players following Tobias Martin and his party trying to prevent a war in their homeland of Sostegaria .
The title is said to bring multiple endings , a deep character customization , and over 20 maps .
The game will run 1,200 Microsoft Points ( $ 15 ) for 360 folks , no word on when the title gets its promised PSN release .
TWO teenage boys have attacked an elderly wheelchair - bound woman with a broken bottle in Wollongong .
The 79 - year - old woman was in her chair on the footpath of Rothery Street in Bellambi when she was approached about 2.15 pm yesterday by two boys believed to be in their early teens , police said .
One of the boys asked the woman for a cigarette , which she declined .
Both boys then pushed and shook the woman 's chair before picking up a glass bottle and smashing the top off it .
One boy threw the bottle at the victim , striking her on the lower leg and causing a large laceration .
The boys , both described as having medium build , one with dark hair and possibly wearing a school uniform , and the other with light hair wearing a light - coloured shirt and blue / grey jeans , then ran from the scene .
The woman was taken to a nearby medical centre , where she received stitches to her wound .
Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the assault to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .
Originally published as Woman in wheelchair bashed with bottle
Rumors of a Google phone have been around for years now .
Even after the release of the T - Mobile G1 ( HTC Dream ) , through the various other incarnations of Android on devices from Motorola , Samsung , Acer , and a slew of other manufacturers , there continued to be talk of how this was n't the " real Android , " that Google itself would release a final , real , " Google Phone . "
And so , on January 5th , the rumors finally came true with the launch of the Nexus One .
The online , Google - hosted store through which the phone is sold is itself big news , but now Ars takes an in - depth look at how " super " this phone really is .
In a nutshell , the Nexus One is a best - of - breed smartphone running a modern , multitasking mobile operating system .
It sports a speedy 1 Ghz Snapdragon CPU from Qualcomm , 512 MB of RAM , and 512 MB of OS / Program storage .
The question is , is this enough for a " no limits " device ?
The Unboxing :
Unboxing the Nexus One
We can safely report that the preview models from the Google Nexus
One announcement are exactly what will arrive to your door .
This reviewer ordered a phone on the first day , and a box arrived the next day straight from the HTC distribution center in Texas .
The box contained a smaller , very high quality box that itself held a neatly packed white box containing the phone .
A comparison to the iPhone 's packaging is inevitable , and yes , this was equally well packaged .
No labels , no stickers on any visible side — just a plain " Nexus One " and a Google logo on the front , and colored " blue / red / green / yellow " base with the Nexus One colors .
( You can find a complete set of unboxing photos , here . )
Opening the box reveals the phone itself , as the first of a series of layers .
The second layer contains a neat black foam case adorned with the Android logo , an easy - to - read card containing instructions , and two small booklets with other information .
The last layer contains a microUSB cable , the phone battery , a pair of headphones , and a microUSB charger .
Overall , the packaging is very well done and shows careful attention to design and detail .
Good job .
From here , following the instructions , I inserted the battery along with the SIM from my existing GSM phone and waited to greet this new Android .
The hardware :
The physical design of the Nexus One is excellent .
The shape is comfortable to hold in the hand — no jarring edges like the Droid , no buttons that can accidentally be pushed .
The phone has a power button on top , a two - part volume button on the left side , a small trackball at the bottom of the front , a 3.5 mm audio jack on top , a microUSB charge and data connector at the bottom , and a slightly protruding camera with LED flash in back .
Compared to previous HTC phones and the Motorola Droid , the Nexus One deletes the camera button , which is a good call since the trackball can be used for the same purpose , and reduces the chances of accidentally activating the camera .
Palm Pre , Nexus One , and HTC G1
Compared to other phones , it is as streamlined as the Pre , thinner than the iPhone by a few hairs , and more pocketable than its Android and Windows Mobile predecessors .
While not show - stoppingly gorgeous , it is a solidly built piece of kit , having no flex , no looseness .
The battery cover is unnoticeable and fits very solidly .
( So yes , Apple , a well - built smartphone can have replacable batteries . )
My impression is that this phone was built to last .
Recharging the battery or running the phone under heavy loads , it can become warm , but not uncomfortably so .
If the phone sits out in the open , the metal sides can feel cold to the touch , but they quickly warm on use .
The only complaints that come to mind is that some might expect more color than the plain two - tone grey body , or the prominent Google and HTC logos on the back may be a bit too much .
The Nexus One sports a 3.7 " , WVGA ( 800x480 ) AMOLED screen , which has sensors that cause it auto - dim in dark situations .
Different users may have different initial impressions on placing the AMOLED side - by - side with a more traditional backlit LCD screen —
Ars Deputy Editor Jon Stokes found the AMOLED to be a striking improvement , but to me it first came off as dark and underwhelming .
However , upon extended use , I have to say , this is better .
Before using the Nexus One , I never noticed the white cast that traditional bright backlit LCD screens have , even when completely dark .
Notice how washed out the Pre and the G1 are in the comparison picture compared to the Nexus One .
The Google phone 's screen has none of that harsh whiteness shown by the others , and in practice it 's very relaxing for extended use .
The brightness gamut is excellent .
In fact , it can do something LCD screens cannot : using the built - in " Clock " application , the phone has a mode that can be used in total darkness without blinding yourself .
The OLED pixels are barely on , showing just enough light to render the time and various clock functions .
By contrast , an almost totally dark LCD would still cast a white pallor from the backlight .
The OLED screen also has a much better viewing angle than a traditional LCD screen ; this could be important for some car dock setups .
Overall , I do n't think I 'd trade this screen for the brighter Droid screen , or any other non-OLED screen .
Smokeless tobacco products that are manufactured in India contain heavy metal , reveals a study report published in The Scientific World Journal .
The study — Determination of Toxic Metals in Indian Smokeless Tobacco Products — was carried out on 30 Indian smokeless tobacco brands by the Indian Institute of Environmental Medicine ( IIEM ) , Mumbai .
As per the report , high levels of lead and cadmium content were found in some gutkha brands — lead in four brands and cadmiun in two .
One of the gutkha brands contained high levels of arsenic content and four other brands exceeded the permissible levels of copper content in them , says the report .
“ Exposure to each of these ( brands ) were calculated using an average consumption of 10 pouches per day , ” said Dr Aditi Deshpande , research scientist at the analytical laboratory at IIEM and co- author of the research paper .
Ads by Google Detoxamin - 1 in Chelation Beats IV , Beats Oral Chelation Proven by Published Studieswww.detoxamin.comMTS
Tobacco Machinery Cigarette Making and Packing Machinery & Engineering Servicewww.mtsto.comImproved
Heavy Metal Test Result validated by Independent Lab Easy home use see result in minuteswww.heavymetalstest .
“ Several food products in India have recommended certain limits for some heavy metals .
However , smokeless tobacco products are classified under foods for regulatory purposes .
The limits for metals have not been specified .
Therefore , the daily intake of these elements was compared with the provisional tolerable weekly intake ( PTWI ) .
The proposed maximum permissible level has been suggested by the Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) and World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , ” said Dr Deshpande .
According to statistics , India has 250 million tobacco consumers of which 80 per cent are smokeless tobacco consumers .
“ Intake of tobacco damages the genes .
However , presence of mercury or lead in the product is far more dangerous as it can be lethal to kidneys , blood producing cells and human organs , ” said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi , associate professor of head and neck surgery at Tata Memorial Hospital .
Cadmium is also extremely toxic and causes prostate cancer , renal cancer , breast cancer , testes cancer and bladder cancer , he said .
Meanwhile , the researchers said they need to carry out further study .
“ It was observed that gutkha had significant levels of metals as compared to other brands of smokeless tobacco products , ” said Dr Deshpande .
All for a smoke - free city
Medical students on Wednesday joined the Smoke - free Mumbai ( SFM ) campaign launched by KEM Hospital and conducted a signature campaign to urge the government to effectively implement the ban on smoking in public places .
As part of the campaign , volunteers wore T - shirts displaying a message : “ Khaasi Sunao Sutta Bujhao ”
Jan 29 , 2010 , Indianexpress
How to whip up the perfect frothy frog ' meringue ' nest
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists have revealed how frogs perform the architectural feat of building floating foam nests .
These meringue - like structures , which help the amphibians protect their young , are renowned for their stability under the harshest of conditions .
Now , by filming Tungara frogs , researchers have found that they are built using a meticulously timed , three - stage construction process .
The research is published in the Royal Society 's journal Biology Letters .
The team says that knowing more about how the foam is created could help scientists create " bio-foams " for use in medical applications , such as treating injuries at the scenes of accidents .
Floating fortresses Tungara frogs , like many frogs species , create foam nests to protect their young as they mature from eggs to tadpoles .
But while these floating refuges look delicate , as if they could collapse into the pond they sit upon at any moment , they are in fact remarkably sturdy .
The nests are surprisingly tough despite their delicate appearance Malcolm Kennedy , an author of the paper , from the University of Glasgow , said : " These are exposed to full sunlight , high temperatures , all kinds of infections , including parasitic ones , and yet they survive for four days without any damage , until the tadpoles leave - or if there are n't any eggs , they 'll last for two weeks .
" And unlike other foams , they do not damage the membranes of eggs and sperm .
They are a remarkable biological material .
" But until now , we did not now quite how the frogs used these material and made the foams . "
To find out more , the research team went to Trinidad in the West Indies to train their cameras on amorous pairs of Tungara frogs ( Engystomops pustulous ) .
The Tungara frogs were caught on camera in Trinidad
By studying the footage , frame by frame , the researchers found that the small brown amphibians whipped up their nests in several phases .
Professor Kennedy explained : " In order to begin , the male sits on the back of the female , and puts his legs underneath her legs , to collect a foam - precursor fluid . "
The male frog then begins to whip this up , mixing in air bubbles by vigorously kicking his legs .
He does this in short bursts , gradually increasing this " mixing " duration each time .
" This overcomes some of the biophysical problems ; if he mixes for too long in the beginning , then this would disperse the fluid and it would n't make a foam at all , " said Professor Kennedy .
Like clockwork
In this first phase , this frothy bubble raft contains no eggs .
But as the male moves on to stage two of construction , he gradually begins to blend in eggs , provided by the female , who is all the while sitting beneath him .
He carefully manoeuvres the eggs into the centre of the foam .
This material is resistant to bacterial and microbial damage
Professor Kennedy
As the male does this , the length of time that he spends mixing and resting remains exactly the same .
Professor Kennedy says : " They do this about 200 times - they are a bit like clockwork at this stage .
" Eventually they build this ' meringue ' . "
Finally , in the " termination stage " , the frog starts to slow down ; the period between each mixing session gradually increases until finally the nest is complete .
The team believes that understanding this nest building process could help us to create a similar foam in the laboratory .
Professor Kennedy said : " This material is resistant to bacterial and microbial damage - and if you could make a spray can that could produce this , it could potentially be used on burn victims , for example , because it would prevent them from infection , but it does n't damage cells . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Getting excited about science ( Image : Rex Features )
The award - winning writer Bill Bryson tells Roger Highfield why his fascination with our place in the universe led him to revisit his least favourite subject at school
Your parents were journalists .
Is that why you went into the profession ?
I grew up in Iowa ; both my parents wrote for The Des Moines Register , which is probably the best provincial paper in the US .
It won a lot of Pulitzer prizes .
Newspapers were the family business ; that is what you did in my house .
It never occurred to me to do anything else . …
Millionaire broker wins £ 125,000 - a- year maintenance appeal after private detective proves ex-wife was pregnant by another man
Lara Grey , pictured at an earlier hearing , will no longer receive a £ 125,000 - a- year divorce payout after her ex-husband proved she was living with the lover who made her pregnant
A City broker who hired a private detective to prove his ex-wife was living with another man yesterday won his legal battle against paying her £ 125,000 a year in maintenance .
Richard Grey , 36 , had been ordered by a High Court judge to provide for his ex-wife Lara until she remarried – even though she admitted she was pregnant with her lover 's child during the divorce proceedings .
Mr Grey was also ordered to give her a £ 615,000 house and a lump sum of £ 454,158 as part of the settlement .
But the Court of Appeal yesterday branded the ruling ' erroneous ' and ordered the judge to reassess payments to take into account the cash Mrs Grey 's new lover could provide .
During divorce proceedings
Mrs Grey admitted she was 17 weeks pregnant by Liam Thompson , a programme director for a group of radio stations .
She has since had the baby .
The couple had moved out of the marital home but Mrs Grey denied she was living with Mr Thompson , saying he was ' not even a boyfriend ' .
Mr Grey , who is worth more than £ 4million , hired a private detective to watch her new home .
His father John , who lives nearby , also collected evidence about her relationship .
Mr Grey 's lawyers told the Appeal Court it was ' repugnant ' that he should have to pay £ 120,000 a year to a household which included both Mr Thompson and his child by Mrs Grey .
Under UK law maintenance is usually paid until the party receiving the payments remarries .
But it can be stopped or dramatically reduced if they set up home with a new lover .
Mr Grey and his 35 - year - old ex-wife , who have an eight - year - old daughter , met in Dublin and moved to London in their 20s when he secured a well - paid broking job .
Richard Grey :
The broker , who is worth more than £ 4million , hired a private detective to watch her new home
After the marriage broke down in 2005 they both moved out of their home in St John 's Wood , north - west London .
Mr Grey , who earns £ 750,000a year with broker ICAP , stayed in London while his wife moved to an affluent suburb of Dublin , a few doors away from her former in - laws .
In a High Court hearing , Mr Justice Singer refused to cut Mr Grey 's maintenance bill , although he accepted that his ex-wife had been ' in a relationship ' with another man .
He said there was ' no cut - and - dried test ' for cohabiting and Mrs Grey was entitled to maintenance in full until she remarried .
But Lord Justice
Thorpe , sitting with Lords Justices Wall and Patten , ruled yesterday that the judge had should have ' attached significant weight to the new relationship and investigated its financial consequences fully ' .
Much like in Windows Vista you ’ll find a graphical login screen for Windows 7 .
This has a much nicer look and feel to it than the old login prompts of Windows XP and its predecessors but it at the expense of security .
Anyone attempting to infiltrate your system will have access to all the possible usernames and will merely have to guess the passwords .
If the users are not using secure passwords then they will easily be compromised .
So how can one protect their system from this type of attack ?
Aside from using secure passwords you can also go a step further and enable the classic logon screen as used in the earlier versions of Windows .
This will force the user to not only guess the password but the username as well .
Press start
Type : local security policy
Press enter
Expand local policies
Click Security Options
Double - click “ Interactive Login : Do not display last user name ”
Check Enabled
Click OK
Now close all open windows and restart the system .
After it is done booting you will now be prompted to enter both the username and password , without being provided with a list of available users .
A two - degree target exposes 100 countries to suffering and means certain death for Africa
IT 'S one of the tiniest and least - well known countries , but this week it has effectively held the world to ransom at the giant Copenhagen climate summit .
Tuvalu -- a scattering of nine islands across several hundred miles of the Pacific Ocean -- is , with just 26 square miles of land , the fourth - smallest nation on earth , while its 12,000 people make it the third - least populous .
But this week it has been roaring .
One of the main reasons is that it is , after the Maldives , the world 's second - lowest lying country .
So if the seas go on rising with global warming , it will be one of the first nations to be wiped off the map .
Thus it was with survival in mind that the Tuvalu delegate rose on Wednesday and again on Thursday , and caused proceedings to be suspended in the two main negotiating processes in Copenhagen 's cavernous concrete Bella centre .
This intervention symbolised a new development in international relations -- the revolt of potential victims against the world 's biggest polluters .
Up to now , big United Nations ' negotiating conferences have boiled down to a confrontation between North and South , the wealthy industrialised countries of temperate climes versus the poorer -- or the dirt poor -- ones , mainly straddling the tropics .
The meeting had started in a more optimistic frame of mind than any I can remember in four decades of tricky negotiations .
The Danish hosts and other countries had created momentum in the weeks before it opened .
By the evening before , the centre started filling with 15,000 people from 192 nations -- Polynesian delegates with flowers in their hair jostling with activists dressed as polar bears , face - painted Maasai with smooth - suited financiers -- every major polluter had put an offer on the table of controlling the emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that are heating up the planet .
And an analysis published yesterday in the conference journal ' Eco ' concludes that every one of their offers falls within the range of what is required , with Brazil and Indonesia exceeding it .
Be that as it may , the United Nations Environment Programme and Britain 's Grantham Research Institute , chaired by Lord Stern , author of the influential Stern report , have jointly published a study concluding that the best offers on both sides amount to up to 80 pc of the minimum needed .
Much of the difference , it added , could be made up of measures to reduce the felling of forests and to reduce pollution from shipping and aviation .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen , Prime Minister of Denmark , who will chair the summit of some 115 heads of governments when they arrive next week , said that " without exception " they backed " an ambitious agreement to halt global warming . "
Connie Hedegaard , his minister for energy and climate , added : " I have never seen anything like it when it comes to political willingness . "
Gordon Shepherd , of the WWF International , put it more colourfully : " We are within spitting distance , but it 's a very long spit ! "
Before long , however , the spitting began in earnest , as the revolt of the potential victims got under way .
On Tuesday evening the meeting erupted .
Lumumba Stanislaus Di-Aping , chief negotiator for the Group of 77 , which represents developing countries , announced that the proposed ' two degree target ' " exposes over 100 countries to suffering and devastation " , leading to the disappearance of low - lying island nations and " certain death " for Africa .
He added the $ 10bn ( e6.8 bn ) annual fund would not pay for " the poor nations ' coffins " .
The dispute is fundamental because the amount of greenhouse gases already in the air condemns the world to an increase of at least 1.5 degrees .
Meeting the victims ' demand , therefore , would mean either stopping all emissions immediately , which would be impossible , or reducing them much faster than expected and finding a way of getting carbon dioxide out of the air .
There is no way that the main polluters , whether industrialised or industrialising , will agree to that .
This confrontation overlays another , along the traditional lines of North versus South .
The science makes it clear that emissions of greenhouse gases will have to be cut in half by 2050 if even the two degree target is to be met .
Rich countries have accepted that their emissions will have to be reduced by 80 per cent if that is to be achieved , involving an unprecedented transition to low carbon economies .
But , even if they achieve this , developing countries will have to cut their emissions absolutely by then , rather than just reduce their rate of growth as at present .
And population growth makes this almost impossible : studies suggest that it will mean cutting their already small per capita emissions of carbon dioxide by 60pc .
They will not agree to try without massive financial help , running into hundreds of billions from the North .
So far there is no sign of this .
Even the $ 10 bn emergency fund is mainly being taken from existing aid budgets -- all of Britain 's contribution comes from this source .
There is also a third more technical split , which is where Tuvalu 's protest came in .
Most countries want to keep and improve the existing Kyoto Protocol , which is a legally binding treaty , but the very name of it is anathema in the United States .
Tuvalu caused proceedings to be suspended while the issue of what should succeed is sorted out .
This caused huge irritation among developed nations since time is running out as the meeting nears its halfway point .
But some remain optimistic .
The negotiations are stepping up a notch with the arrival of ministers .
And heads of government hate to be associated with failure and so are likely to be ready to make a deal .
But this also has a downside ; if the talks do fail , it will be hard to muster the political will again .
Meanwhile , negotiators from Tuvalu and other small islands discovered that their nations had been left off a giant globe hanging in the main hallway of the centre .
Last night , they gathered beneath it to protest against being " wiped off the map " .
They intend to go on objecting to try to stop that happening in the real world too .
Irish Independent
A battle is being fought in Texas this week over the future of the state ’s social studies curriculum , with Christian conservatives pushing the state ’s educators to reduce the prominence of civil rights leaders such as Cesar Chavez and “ support measures to strengthen teaching of Texas ’ and America ’s Christian heritage . ”
Some 4.8 million
Texas students will learn from the curriculum being debated , but the impact of the committee ’s decisions could be far broader than that .
As AP ’s April Castro notes , Texas is one of the largest states in the US , and publishers often adjust their textbooks to reflect the Texas curriculum .
Thus , Texas ’ decision could affect what American students learn in history classes nationwide .
ADVERTISEMENT
Socially conservative voices have gained powerful voices on the State Board of Education .
Last summer , Gov. Rick Perry appointed Gail Lowe , a newspaper editor and avowed creationist , to head the board .
Lowe had earlier said that “ biology textbooks which do not teach both the scientific strengths and weaknesses of the theory of evolution must be rejected by the board . ”
“ Some board members and the non-expert ideologues they appointed to a review panel have made it clear that they want students to learn that the founding fathers intended America to be an explicitly Christian nation with laws based on their own narrow interpretations of the Bible , ” the AP quoted Kathy Miller , president of the Texas Freedom Network .
Among the more controversial conservative appointees to the state ’s curriculum committees was Bill Ames , a former IBM executive who late last year penned an article entitled “ The Left ’s War on US History , ” in which he accuses other members of the State Board of Education of being planted in their positions by liberal groups .
The Dallas Morning News reports that an email campaign has been launched “ to sway Republican board members who are not part of the panel ’s social conservative bloc urged them to resist ‘ extreme left wing ideology ’ reflected in the proposal curriculum standards and ‘ support measures to strengthen teaching of Texas ’ and America ’s Christian heritage ’ . ”
Leading the effort to combat the social conservatives on the board is the Texas Freedom Network , which has allied itself with a number of religious leaders who are arguing for a clear separation of church and state in the Texas curriculum .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The instruction of religious faith , discipleship and a life of service — one shaped by devotion and piety — is the responsibility of each faith community , whether church , synagogue or mosque , ” the Houston Chronicle quoted the Rev. Marcus McFaul , senior pastor at Highland Park Baptist Church in Austin .
“ It is the responsibility of parents and parishes , not public schools . ”
Board member David Bradley , whom the Chronicle describes as “ a leader of the board ’s seven social conservative members , ” rejected the religious leaders ’ arguments , saying “ I listen to my own pastor . ”
Bradley told the newspaper “ there will be efforts ( by board members making amendments ) to preserve , protect and strengthen America ’s godly heritage . ”
One of the many flashpoint issues being fought at the curriculum board appears to have been settled at this point , with labor leader Cesar Chavez retaining his place in the Texas curriculum , according to the Associated Press .
ADVERTISEMENT
Board chair Lowe had argued that Chavez “ lacks the stature … and contributions ” to be included in the curriculum and should not “ be held up to our children as someone worthy of emulation . ”
But Lowe said ahead of Wednesday ’s hearing that Chavez would remain in the curriculum .
The United Farm Workers of America — the group Chavez helped to create — recently said that conservative board members are worried about “ overrepresentation of minorities ” in the current social studies curriculum .
ADVERTISEMENT
More than 130 people have signed up to speak at a hearing in Austin Wednesday of the State Board of Education ’s curriculum committee , which will hold a preliminary vote Thursday on the shape of the state ’s social studies classes for the next decade .
Brian
Thevenot at the Texas Tribune argues that the board has enough social conservatives to heavily influence the Texas curriculum .
And so a fifteen - member elected board dominated by social conservatives , few of them educators , will once again decide what will and wo n’t be taught in Texas public schools .
Their influence will be magnified exponentially , as usual , because the content of textbooks in the lucrative Texas market drives what publishers peddle in other states .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They ’ve got the votes , ” Thevenot quotes board member Pat Hardy .
“ You never know .
Fasten your seat belt . ”
( Editor ’s Note : Headline and first paragraph mistakenly reported conservatives were pushing against Latinos instead of civil rights leaders )
You has a hurt ?
I fixes it .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Jan. 4 , 2010 -- Using a kitchen spoon to measure liquid medicines , like cough syrup or cold medicine , may make it harder to get the right dosage .
A new study shows that the amount of liquid medicine a person pours into a kitchen spoon depends on the size of the spoon and frequently leads to overdosing or underdosing .
" Participants underdosed by 8.4 % when using medium - sized spoons and overdosed by 11.6 % when using larger spoons , " write researcher Brian Wansink , PhD , of Cornell University , and colleagues in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
" Notwithstanding this aggregate bias of 20 % , participants had above - average confidence that the doses they poured into both spoons would be equally effective . "
The FDA recommends against using kitchen utensils to dose liquid medicines , but researchers say most people still use spoons when pouring medicine for themselves and their families .
In the study , researchers asked 195 university students who were recent patients of the university health clinic during cold and flu season to pour a 5 mL ( equivalent to 1 teaspoon ) dose of cold medicine into various sizes of kitchen spoons .
To show them what a 5 mL dose looked like , they first gave them a full bottle of cold medicine and asked them to pour a 5 mL dose into a 5 mL teaspoon .
The participants were then asked to pour the same 5 mL dose into a medium - sized tablespoon and a larger spoon .
After each pour , the participants indicated how confident they felt that they had poured the proper 5 mL dose .
The study showed the amount of cold medicine that the participants poured varied directly with the size of the spoon .
They overdosed by 11.6 % when using the larger spoon and underdosed by 8.4 % when using the medium - sized spoon , even though they were confident that their pouring was accurate in each case .
Researchers say the consequences of a single 8 % to 12 % dosing error in a teaspoon - sized serving of medicine may be minimal .
But these types of overdosing and underdosing errors are likely to accumulate among tired and sick people who are dosing themselves every four to eight hours for several days .
They say the results suggest that it is safer and much more effective to use a measuring cap , dosing spoon , measuring dropper , or dosing syringe to dispense liquid medicine than to assume the amount poured into a kitchen spoon is accurate .
NEW YORK -- Jose Barea kept finding unimpeded paths on his drives to the basket , and two things became clear .
The Dallas Mavericks could n't be stopped , and the New York Knicks did n't seem interested in proving otherwise .
Dallas put on a shooting clinic that crushed the Knicks ' spirits , ignoring the absence of two starters and rolling to the biggest win in franchise history with a 128 - 78 victory Sunday .
" They took our heart out of us , " Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni said .
Drew Gooden stepped into the lineup with 15 points and 18 rebounds , Dirk Nowitzki and Jason Terry each scored 20 points , and the Mavericks beat the Knicks for the eighth straight time .
Dallas shot 58 percent from the field , was 12 of 22 from beyond the arc and 16 of 17 from the foul line .
It was n't hard once the Mavs had taken the fight out of the Knicks by turning their stops on one end into 3 - pointers at the other .
" They were discouraged and you could tell early , " Terry said .
" If you 're getting stops and then coming down and making buckets , that deflates a team .
It 's human nature .
" At halftime we talked about coming back and doing what it was that got us the lead , and we were able to with no resistance .
So when a team does n't give you much resistance , you 've just got to continue to work and not fall into a lull . "
The Mavericks led by as much as 53 and outscored the Knicks 70 - 31 over the middle two quarters on the way to bettering their 149-104 victory over Golden State on Jan. 15 , 1985 .
Barea replaced point guard Jason Kidd in the lineup and scored 11 points , and rookie Rodrigue Beaubois backed him up with 13 .
The Knicks owned the previous largest lead in the NBA this season when they led Indiana by 48 points three weeks ago , but they offered no resistance on Sunday in the second - worst loss in franchise history .
New York was 4 of 25 from 3 - point range in its lowest - scoring game of the season .
Already leading by 16 at halftime , the Mavs made 15 of 19 shots ( 79 percent ) in the third quarter .
Nowitzki was only 1 of 6 for seven points at the half , then scored 13 in the third on 5 - of - 6 shooting before the starters took a seat for good .
Barea had at least two hardly contested layups in the third quarter as the Knicks appeared to simply stop trying .
It was an embarrassing effort lowlighted when Jared Jeffries botched a layup on the break and the ball was batted off his head out of bounds on the rebound .
" We ran a play with J.J. and he got to the basket three times the exact way and nobody came over to help on him , " Gooden said , " and I think that was a sign of them kind of not laying down , but they just did n't know what to do and we took advantage of that . "
Kidd left the team following Friday 's 92 - 81 loss in Philadelphia to return to Dallas , with owner Mark Cuban saying it was for a family reason .
Erick Dampier was inactive with a left knee injury but was easily replaced by Gooden , who badly outplayed Knicks All - Star hopeful David Lee .
Lee finished with 11 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting and grabbed 14 rebounds as the Knicks lost for the sixth time in eight games .
It was the Knicks ' worst home loss , and trailed only their 162-100 loss at Syracuse on Dec. 25 , 1960 , for most lopsided in franchise history .
" We 're a better team than this , " said Jeffries , who had 14 points to lead the team in scoring for the first time in his four seasons in New York .
" We 've got to come out , give effort and have a little fight .
We just did n't have it . "
Dallas led 27 - 25 after one , with the Knicks staying close behind 12 points from Jeffries , the best quarter of his career .
It was a six - point game midway through the second before Beaubois made two 3s and Nowitzki knocked down a jumper for his only field goal of the half to make it 50 - 36 with 3:15 left .
Dallas made eight of its first 11 attempts -- the Knicks started 1 of 11 - from behind the arc , including Terry 's that increased the lead to 17 with 1:20 remaining in the half .
The Mavs led 59 - 43 at the break .
Game notes
The Knicks ' last win over Dallas was Jan. 11 , 2006 .
...
Mavs coach Rick Carlisle has a chance to coach the Western Conference in the All - Star Game in Dallas .
The coaches of the teams with the best records in each conference through next Sunday 's games earn the right , and with the Lakers ' Phil Jackson ineligible because he coached last year , Carlisle entered Sunday a game behind Denver 's George Karl .
...
Jeffries had n't had a double - digit quarter since scoring 11 points in the first period against Milwaukee on April 12 , 2006 , according to STATS LLC .
...
Knicks starting point guard Chris Duhon came in 4 of 33 from the field the previous six games , then missed his first four attempts .
In an interview with Everton 's official site , US National Team player Landon Donovan indicated that he would be open to staying with the club past his initial ten - week loan .
" The future is out of my control , " he said .
" I want to enjoy this experience .
But who knows what will happen in the future .
Football ’s funny and you never know what could happen .
If I look back after 10 weeks and say I really want to stay then maybe I can make that happen .
If I say okay , it was good , but I ’m ready to go then I can go , but for now I ’m taking it week by week . "
Donovan also talked about sticking with Major League Soccer : " There are two reasons I have not left the MLS .
One is I genuinely love America .
I love playing in America and I really want our league to succeed .
Some players say it is not as good as other leagues so I am going to take off to play somewhere else .
That is fine but for me it is important that 15 , 20 , 25 years from now our league is thriving .
I see the bigger picture in that way . "
" The other part of it is that I was n't ready to be in Europe when I was younger .
It is only in the last few years that I would say I have felt ready to do it . "
Yellowstone National Park has been rattled by more than 250 earthquakes in the past two days following a period of 11 months of quiet seismic activity in the park .
The quakes have been gaining strength , with a 3.1 tremor recorded at 11:03 a.m. today .
A 2.9 quake was recorded at 12:38 p.m .
Prof. Robert B. Smith , a geophysicist at the University of Utah and one of the leading experts on earthquake and volcanic activity at Yellowstone , said that the activity is a “ notable swarm . ”
“ The swarm is located about 10 miles northwest of Old Faithful , Wyo. , and nine miles southeast of West Yellowstone , Montana , ” said Smith .
Jamie Farrell , a doctoral student in geophysics who works with Smith at the University of Utah , said that as of 3 p.m. today , 270 quakes have been recorded in the past two days .
Farrell said the quakes are occurring in an area about 5 miles from where the largest swarm of quakes was ever recorded in October 1985 .
Quakes in the current swarm have ranged in magnitude of 0.5 to 3.1 .
Farrell said there have been reports of at least one of the tremors being felt in the park , but he is expecting more reports as the earthquakes continue .
Smith said such swarms are “ relatively common . ”
Today ’s tremors seem to be normal tectonic activity , and is “ not an indication ” that some sort of volcanic activity will occur .
Since 1995 there have been 80 swarms , including the one that started Sunday , Farrell said .
Farrell said that there is absolutely no connection between what is occurring in Yellowstone and the magnitude 7.0 earthquake in Haiti .
“ They are completely different systems , ” said Farrell .
“ They are not related . ”
In late December 2008 and early January 2009 , Yellowstone National park experienced the second largest earthquake swarm in Yellowstone ’s recorded seismic history .
The swarm under the north end of Yellowstone Lake consisted of 813 earthquakes with magnitudes ranging up to 3.9 .
The most devastating earthquake in recent history in the Yellowstone region occurred on Aug. 17 , 1959 , when a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit .
It was centered near Hebgen Lake , Mont. , killed 28 people and caused more than $ 11 million in damage .
Mike Stickney , director of earthquake studies at the Montana Bureau of Mines and Geology , said there is no way to predict when the next big one will hit .
He said it will likely occur along one of the 45 faults that line two belts – one stretching from Yellowstone National Park up to Helena , Mont. , and a second one along the Montana - Idaho border .
The Yellowstone Plateau is one of the largest super - volcanoes in the world and has gone through three volcanic cycles spanning two million years , which included some of the world ’s largest known eruptions .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
About Us
Mission & Values
Flex Your Rights ( Flex ) is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational nonprofit launched in 2002 .
We believe that citizens in a free and democratic society must actively shape the relationship between police and their community .
That means people must be prepared to intelligently “ flex ” their constitutional rights when engaging with police .
But whenever abuses occur , they must be empowered to file complaints that will be fairly investigated .
What We Do
Original Know - Your - Rights Media
Flex has produced a pair of popular educational movies .
The most recent work , 10 Rules for Dealing with Police , is narrated by Billy Murphy , attorney for the family of Freddie Gray .
Our movies are regularly screened in college and high school classrooms .
They are also embraced by an array of civil liberties and law enforcement groups – including NAACP , ACLU , and various chiefs of police .
Flex has distributed 40,000 DVDs and our YouTube channel has reached 44 million views .
mangowebdesign.com
OpenPolice.org : Upgrading Citizen Oversight of Police
OpenPolice.org is an open - source web app empowering citizens to prepare , file , and track reports of police conduct .
The app helps users submit complaints or commendations to appropriate police oversight agencies .
By allowing users to publish reports online , we aim to establish better public transparency and oversight of police activity across the United States .
Key Outcomes
In addition to changing individual lives for the better , our work fights injustices and disparities in the criminal justice system by …
Building better case law by packing courts with more sympathetic and intelligent plaintiffs
The Blackwater guards were employed to protect US personnel in Iraq Iraq has begun collecting signatures for a class action lawsuit on behalf of people killed or wounded in incidents involving US security firm Blackwater .
It will seek compensation for a number of such cases , the office of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki said .
Incidents include the 2007 killing of 17 Iraqis in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square .
Last month , a US judge dismissed charges against five Blackwater guards over those killings , which Iraqi officials described as " regrettable " .
Immediately after the US decision , the Iraqi government issued several angry statements pledging that it would continue to " act forcefully and decisively to prosecute " .
It has become a notorious incident in Iraq , with the government now taking the initiative in organising the families of the victims to launch civil suits against Blackwater , says the BBC's Jim Muir in Baghdad .
THE BLACKWATER INCIDENT
16 Sep 2007 - 17 Iraqi civilians killed in Nisoor Square , Baghdad
Iraq said - civilians fired on by Blackwater guards without provocation
Blackwater said - Iraqis killed in shoot - out when Blackwater convoy ambushed
Iraqi eyewitnesses - guards fired on white sedan that failed to slow down and then fired into surrounding area as people tried to flee
Nov 2007 - New York
Times quotes FBI officials saying killings of at least 14 of the Iraqis were " unjustified "
Dec 2008 - five guards charged with 14 counts of manslaughter
Blackwater case :
What happened CIA cancels Blackwater contract Judge dismisses Blackwater case About 50 family members turned up at the prime minister 's office after being invited to a meeting at which most of them signed powers of attorney , authorising the government 's lawyers to sue the company on their behalf .
Some confirmed that they had already signed compensation agreements with Blackwater .
Others said they had neither signed anything nor taken any compensation .
They included a man whose son was killed in the Nisoor Square incident .
Lawyers for the five guards say they were acting in self - defence , but witnesses and family members of those killed maintain that the shooting on 16 September 2007 was unprovoked .
Investigations have produced no evidence to support the guards ' claim , our correspondent says .
The incident caused widespread public anger against foreign security companies operating in Iraq , and their activities have been severely curbed since then .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While the rest of the world is bemoaning our apocalyptic state at the close of the century ’s first decade , us gays have quite a bit to be thankful for !
Heaps of ladies have marched proudly out of the closet , we ’ve acquired way more Civil Rights than we had in 1999 and overall our media visibility has skyrocketed .
Granted , there ’ve been many setbacks ; like the death of Dana Fairbanks DOMA and many popular votes reminding us how unpopular we were in high school and um , hate crimes , and well really a lot of bad things .
Anyhoo !
Let ’s take a look back at some of the many defining events of this decade .
These are in random order , and much like the producers of reality television programs so popular in this decade , this list is only a few hours of the 87,600 hours , many of which were probs important .
# 10
BEST : For Kids , It ’s Slightly More Okay To Be Gay
It ’s a different world out there , kids .
There ’s the anecdotal changes , like an increase in “ Gold Stars ” amongst youngsters as young lesbians are feeling less pressure to “ try boys ” than most adult lesbians did at their age .
Then there ’s quantifiable changes , like rising numbers of GSAs and college campus LGBTQ groups as well as additional resources for homeless LGBT youth in urban areas .
In 2001 , 1,000 GSAs had registered with GLSEN .
By 2008 , the number was up to 4,000 .
And a recent New York Times magazine cover story reports that kids are coming out in middle school .
WORST : Gay kids are still being bullied
A 2007 GLSEN study showed that 9 out of 10 LGBT students ( 86.2 % ) had experienced harassment at school in the past year , three - fifths ( 60.8 % ) felt unsafe at school because of their sexual orientation and about a third ( 32.7 % ) skipped a day of school in the past month because of feeling unsafe .
#9
BEST : Rosie O’Donnell comes out ( 2002 ) and then proceeds to do a number of awesome things like yell at Elisabeth Hasselbeck on The View .
Guys have you ever been on an R Family cruise ?
It has changed the lives of thousands of families who can afford to take vacations and Riese has been on three for various reasons and she highly recommends it .
Did you watch that documentary ?
Remember how awesome and sassy Rosie was on The View ?
Remember how Ro did us proud in the Hassleback smackdown ?
Remember how you were way sadder than you thought you ’d be when it was clear she and Kelli were having problems ?
If you think her coming out did n’t matter to your life , think again — it was kinda a big deal .
And she ’s never compromised since .
The history of the country has been written by the rich white men who could afford to do exactly as they wanted whenever they wanted .
The fact that women like Rosie & Ellen can afford to be honest means they ’re in a unique position to be the catalysts of change in major ways .
WORST : “ A Shot at Love ” and Katy Perry
The Shot at Love franchise made every bisexual woman in America want to shoot herself , upping the ante in season three by replacing our Cyberstar Tila Tequila with the bisexual Ikki twins .
In 2008 , Katy Perry released “ I Kissed a Girl ” and managed to reinforce every bisexual stereotype in the book .
Oh , and Katy was put on the cover of OUT and given the headliner spot at Dinah Shore for it !
What ’s that about ?
We ’ve kissed girls for real , but for some reason OUT has n’t called .
# 8
BEST : Lawrence v. Texas ( 2003 )
The U.S. Supreme Court struck down sodomy laws in this landmark case .
Though lesbians are n’t exactly the most sodomy - saturated group , it was still super important .
You ca n’t legislate in the bedroom folks !
Although people are certainly still trying .
WORST : The Defense of Marriage Act & State Amendments Against Gay Marriage
It was passed in the 90’s , but we ’re certainly still feelings the effects of DOMA .
Efforts in this decade to overturn the act , which prevents a federal marriage equality bill , have all come to nothing .
Even the Obama administration is still using it against us to deny benefits , despite our hopes to the contrary .
At the beginning of the decade , only one state had amended its constitution to restrict the legalization of gay marriage .
Now , there are 29 states with such amendments .
Not content to just remain neutral , those states had to make an actual statement against equality .
Thanks , guys !
# 7
BEST : Gay TV & Ellen ’s Renaissance
This was the decade that launched gay TV into the mainstream .
Queer As Folk ran from 2000 to 2005 , making way for The L Word ( 2004 - 2009 ) which legitimately shattered the public ’s stereotype of lesbians as hippie bushwackers w/ guitars .
( Not that there ’s anything wrong with that , but you know , it helps end symbolic annihilation etc. ) .
After having her second TV sitcom canceled in 2001 and following a rough coming out period in the mid-9os and subsequent depression , Ellen came back in a big way in ’03 with her daytime talk show .
Since then , she has all but taken over the world and is the most famous lesbian ever .
And really , we could n’t ask for a better symbol of the lesbian community .
Ellen is funny , she ’s charming , she ’s in love with her hot wife , and even mainstream America thinks she ’s awesome .
LOGO ( the first gay network ) launched in 2005 , here !
launched that same year and Bravo became the gayest - network - that - is n ’t - actually - gay .
Lesbian characters popped up on mainstream shows like The O.C. , America ’s Next Top Model , Stargate Universe , South of Nowhere , Degrassi : The Next Generation , Top Chef , Greek , One Tree Hill , All My Children , House and so much more .
Familiar faces on the TV now include Wanda Sykes , Suze Orman , Rachel Maddow , Jenna Valez - Mitchell , Jackie Warner , Tabitha Coffey , Kim Stolz , and you know … so much more .
Worst : Women Still Face Barriers When Telling Lesbian Stories
The thing about The L Word is that while it was great to have queer lady storylines on TV , it still accounts for like 95 % of the queer lady storylines on TV five years later .
And I do n’t know about you , but there ’s only a certain amount of baby - kidnapping interrogation - taping swimming - pool - murder I can relate to .
Why have n’t we heard more complex , more diverse , more real stories about our lives ?
It ’s not because they ’re not there ; it ’s because it ’s really f*cking hard to get them out there — and not just for gay women , but for women in general ( the biggest problem with lesbian stories , often , is that there are often men in the story )
9 percent of the 250 top - grossing domestic films of 2008 were directed by women and no woman has ever won an Oscar for directing .
No woman of color has ever been nominated by the Academy for the Best Director category ( more on this in this awesome bitch magazine article about female directors ) .
From an NPR story on this topic :
Nia Vardalos says it ’s no secret that female directors are treated differently by studios — even sometimes by their own crews .
She says she had no sense of being an artiste — someone entitled to challenge the budget , the number of shooting days or the rules .
“ One day my focus puller turned to me , and he said , ‘ As a female filmmaker , you have one shot , ' ” she recalls , “ ‘ and if you go over budget , that bond company will be here in a second , breathing down your neck .
So you ’re right to keep everyone on schedule . ' ”
Autostraddle faves Anyone But Me and We Have To Stop
Now are fabulous shows that are produced in the form of webseries for a smaller audience that has to know where to look for them , and most gay and lesbian films are only shown in ( admittedly awesome ) gay and lesbian film festivals .
Similarly this has often been the only avenue of opportunity for women of color ( more on this in item # 3 ) .
What that means is that gay ladies who want to do us proud and make movies / TV / stories / art about our real - life feelings are doing it largely on their own and unsupported , without the funding of Hollywood studios or the backing of major producers or the budget of , I do n’t know , Jersey Shore .
The bad news there is that the people in offices behind desks have n’t been convinced yet that our stories are important and meaningful and interesting to the public ; the good news is that it does n’t even matter , because we ’re just going to go ahead and do it anyways .
ONWARD HO PIONEERS !
# 6
BEST : Obama ’s election ( 2008 )
We finally saw a ray of sunshine in politics — a majority voting for a minority !
That ’s the spirit !
Maybe this gay ray of sunshine will materialize some time in the next decade !
Or we ’ll just have a ridiculously attractive presidential family , as is evidenced in this photo !
WORST : Bush gets elected .
Twice .
And our dreams of equality were squashed for eight whole years .
Chris Rock said it best :
The beautiful thing about the gay marriage issue is the absolute only issue that the President will answer .
The President do n’t give a f*ck , he will give you a straight answer on gay marriage .
“ Mr President , what about the war , when ’s it gonna end ? ”
“ Well , you never know , we ’re talking to people , and we ’re looking for stuff , and we might find it , we might not , and it ’s out there , we ’re gonna get it , you never know , how ’s it going , yeah ! ”
“ Mr President , what about the economy , when ’s it gonna pick up ? ” “ Well , you never know , we ’re talking to people , and economic indicators indicate that indications are coming to the indicator , you know what I ’m saying , all right ! ”
“ Mr President , what about gay marriage ? ” “ F*ck them faggots ! ”
Pages : 1 2 See entire article on one page
A UK journalist raped in India about two years ago says she fears her attacker could be released from prison without her knowledge .
Parbat Singh was sentenced to 21 years in prison in 2008 for the rape of the Briton , who can not be named for legal reasons , but went missing soon after .
He was caught and is appealing against the conviction .
His victim said she is " desperate " for him not to be freed .
She said she found out via the internet that he had an upcoming hearing .
She said court staff failed to keep her and her lawyers up to date with the proceedings .
" I just want them to lock him up and throw the key away , so I can have a life .
It was almost easier when he was on the run , " she said .
Releasing him will only further damage the image of India and its people
Parbat Singh 's victim " Now I 'm on guard 24 / 7 thinking ' are they going to let him out without telling me ? '
" I 'm desperate for him not to be released . "
Singh , 34 , owned the Pardeshi guesthouse and restaurant in Udaipur , Rajasthan , and attacked the woman on 24 December , 2007 .
He was sentenced for rape and forced entry after a trial in April 2008 , and fined 25,000 rupees ( $ 547 ; £ 334 ) .
He was released on bail near the beginning of his prison sentence , even though rape defendants are not allowed bail under Indian law .
His victim said : " I wo n't be giving up without making sure that justice is carried out in accordance with the original judgment .
" Releasing him will only further damage the image of India and its people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By By Andrew Moran Jan 30 , 2010 in Entertainment Elmore " Rip " Torn , actor of " Men in Black " and " Dodgeball : A true underdog story , " was charged with breaking into a bank in Connecticut and carrying a loaded gun while intoxicated .
Star of “ The Larry Sanders Show ” was taken into custody after police found him inside the Litchfield Bancorp with a loaded revolver .
Torn was booked on charges of burglary and possession of a firearm without a permit .
Torn is currently held on $ 100,000 bond and will appear in court on Monday in the Bantam Superior Court , reports the A representative for Torn did not respond to any media inquiries .
In 2009 , Torn was given probation by the state of Connecticut for driving under the influence of alcohol .
He also holds two prior drunk - driving arrests .
On Friday , Salisbury resident Rip Torn was charged with breaking into a Connecticut bank and carrying a gun that was loaded while intoxicated , according to the Press Association .
The 78 - year - old actor was arrested Friday night by state police .
Star of “ The Larry Sanders Show ” was taken into custody after police found him inside the Litchfield Bancorp with a loaded revolver .
Entertainment Weekly reports that Torn allegedly used forced entry to get inside the bank .
Torn was booked on charges of burglary and possession of a firearm without a permit .
Torn is currently held on $ 100,000 bond and will appear in court on Monday in the Bantam Superior Court , reports the Associated Press A representative for Torn did not respond to any media inquiries .
In 2009 , Torn was given probation by the state of Connecticut for driving under the influence of alcohol .
He also holds two prior drunk - driving arrests .
More about Rip torn , Connecticut , Intoxicated More news from rip torn connecticut intoxicated
Above photo modified from original by
under creative commons license .
For many people the new year represents an occasion to set the clock back to zero and make a fresh start .
We invariably eat too much during the festive season , only later to feel remorse for our gluttonous ways .
With the new year comes the renewed goal of losing some of the extra padding .
There are no end of miraculous sounding diets which promise to convert fat to flat .
Among the various in vogue diets is the so - called Paleo diet ( short for Paleolithic diet ) , also known as the caveman diet .
The central premise behind the Paleo diet is that many human adaptations evolved during the Palaeolithic , and as such , we are maladapted to the modern world in which we find ourselves .
The premises of the Paleo diet raise some interesting questions that are well worth exploring .
For instance , are we really better adapted to the Palaeolithic than the modern era and which aspects of the Palaeolithic does the Paleo diet reference ?
Many proponents ask the question “ who ever heard of a fat caveman ? ” , as if the answer is somehow inferred .
While it is seems be the case that the average Palaeolithic human had a brawnier body than the average modern human , we should not confuse correlation with causation .
A better question to ask is whether the “ caveman ” physique is due solely to diet or are there other factors at play ?
While certain human adaptations undoubtedly arose during the Palaeolithic , these are likely to be no more or less important than the adaptations of preceding and subsequent periods in our evolutionary history .
Most of our genes evolved a long time before our ancestors were recognisable as primates , never mind humans .
Moreover , humans continue to adapt to their diet today .
Lactose tolerance is a good example of a trait that arose in many populations of humans after the Palaeolithic .
Evolution exists on a continuum ; it did n’t start and end sometime during the Palaeolithic .
The Palaeolithic covers a period of around 2.5 million years , as well as an immense geographic range .
Moreover , many species of humans lived in very diverse environments during this time .
Proponents of the Paleo diet rarely specify what period and indeed which populations or species they use as their model .
Food procurement methods changed dramatically over this time period .
Over the course of the Palaeolithic , humans shifted from mostly scavenging their meat to systematic hunting .
Even among modern hunter - gatherers there is great dietary variation .
For instance , the diets of Inuits and Aboriginal Australians could n’t be more different .
Another consideration is that humans have been selectively breeding plants and animals over many millennia .
Many of the domesticated varieties we see today are unrecognisable from their wild ancestors .
As such , while the Paleo diet recommends greater reliance on meats and non-cultivated plants , it should be kept in mind that these probably bear little resemblance to the wild species our ancestors ate .
The limb bones of the early Upper Palaeolithic Gravettian people are not only large but also have massive muscle attachments .
Early humans were physically fit not only because of their diet but in large part due to their high mobility .
Hunting and foraging expeditions would have required these groups to cover large distances .
Demographic pressures impinging on these small bands of humans would also have further encouraged greater mobility .
It is not disputed that the diet of early hunter - gatherers was much more varied than that of their agricultural counterparts .
Early agriculturalists often had an over reliance on few food types , leading to various nutritional deficiencies and generally poorer health .
However , there is little reason why this should be the case today .
Our shops and markets are packed with varieties of food that our ancestors would be only able to dream off .
Many of the recommendations of the Paleo diet are sensible , such as eating less processed foods , decreasing our sugar intake and increasing our dietary fibre .
In this regard , the Paleo diet is on par with most governmental dietary recommendations .
Why the need to dress it up in some romanticised account of how our ancestors ate ?
I will concede that versions of the Paleo diet are probably healthier than the diets most of us adhere to .
However , the reasoning behind it is based on an immutable view of human prehistory , coupled with some poor evolutionary thinking .
Sprott Calls The Fed " A Ponzi Scheme " As Half A Trillion In Treasury Purchasers Are Unaccounted For
The quake struck early on Sunday morning
A moderate , magnitude 5.2 earthquake in Sichuan , south - west China , has brought down at least 100 homes , killing one person and injuring 11 , officials say .
US earthquake monitors report that the tremor struck at 0537 local time ( 2137 GMT Saturday ) 35 km ( 20 m ) south - east of Suining , at a depth of 18.6 km ( 11.6 m ) .
Houses collapsed in the Moxi area of Suining , a city of 3.5 million people .
A magnitude 8 quake in Sichuan on 12 May 2008 left at least 87,000 people dead or missing .
Chinese state media said the authorities in Sichuan were " still not sure " if the latest quake was an aftershock from the earlier disaster .
China 's top auditing authority , the National Audit Office , reported this week that reconstruction after the 2008 quake was nearly complete .
By the end of last October , 11 of 72 major reconstruction projects had been completed and 54 launched , it said .
A total of 480 of the 753 schools to be reconstructed had been completed and 238 were under construction .
Repair of 797,900 rural houses and 212,900 urban houses had also been completed , with repairs on 54,400 other homes in progress , according to the auditors .
I was fortunate enough to catch up with Nathan Moon recently .
Moon was the 4th round pick of the Pittsburgh Penguins back in 2008 ( 120th overall ) , but he has a little more fanfare than your usual 4th round pick .
To acquire veterans ( like Marian Hossa and Hal Gill ) the Penguins dealt their picks in the first three rounds in ' 08 , so Moon was the first player selected by Pittsburgh that draft .
After the jump , see how Moon 's Kingston Frontenacs of the OHL are doing , how he describes his game and his thoughts about the ugly elbowing incident from the Quebec Major Junior Hockey league .
First of all , how 's it going in Kingston ?
You guys have had a couple of tough seasons the past few years but it looks like you 're pretty competitive now .
This is my fourth year here ; we 've missed playoffs the last two seasons but now we 're competing .
The goal is to make it to the playoffs ; we 're in a race for our division so hopefully we can pull together with a nice stretch run here and turn things around .
This is going on the third season in a row for you 've been leading the Frontenacs in scoring , how would you credit your success at producing at the junior level and do you see it transitioning over to the pro game ?
Well I just try to go out and work hard .
I have a knack around the net when it comes to scoring , the puck is on and off my stick quickly and I 'm fortunate to put it in the net more times than I miss .
The difference to the professional game is it 's obviously a lot faster and a really a different game than juniors .
I 'm relied on here to do a lot , I do n't have to " the guy " at the next level but it is important to keep working hard and contributing .
You touched on this a little , but for the Pittsburgh fans that have n't gotten to see you play yet , how would you describe your game ?
Again I 'd say I 'm just a hard working player with a knack for net , good in tight to the goal .
I would compare myself to a player like [ Boston 's Marc ]
Savard , because I try to pass the puck to setup my teammates a lot and I like to use my stick - handling to attack the zone .
I 've become good at faceoffs ; I get lots of time on the power play here , I play on the penalty kill .
I 'm counted on here to do a lot and I just like to help the team as much as I can .
The big story recently from juniors is Patrice Cormier 's elbowing incident : do you know Patrice personally or have you ever gotten to play with / against him throughout the years ?
What were your thoughts about being a player in Canadian juniors and seeing that play ?
No , I do n't really know Cormier personally ; but I 'm familiar with him and I 've watched him at juniors [ WJC U - 20 ] the past two years on TV .
Cormier is hard working guy and plays with an edge , but what he did was uncalled for .
[ It was ] kind of a cheap shot to hit a guy like he did , and a scary situation there .
I do n't know what the " Q " is going to do in terms of a suspension , but I think if you look at the [ Mike ] Liambas hit from our league earlier in the season , maybe Cormier gets [ treated ] something similar .
Who were some of your favorite players you liked to watch and emulate when you were younger ?
[ Sidney ] Crosby , [ Evgeni ] Malkin ; I liked watching a lot of the younger guys coming up just before me .
Are you still playing exclusively as a center these days ?
Yeah , except for a maybe a key draw on the left side of the rink , I 'm mostly playing center .
As you know , in Pittsburgh there 's Crosby , Malkin and Jordan Staal on the depth chart ; that does n't leave much room for centers at the NHL level .
Do you think you could transfer your game over to the wing and still be effective ?
Yeah , for sure .
Like I said , I am playing wing a little now and it 's usually in a lot of important situations ...
But I think my speed , my ability , my playmaking , it does n't really matter whether I 'm on the left , right or in the middle .
I do n't mind shifting to the wing one - day if I had to , and I do n't think it'd be that big of a deal .
I read an interview online from last season where you mentioned wanting to get a little stronger and be better defensively to improve your game .
How do you feel you 've done to make those strides to improve your all around game ?
That 's exactly right , if I make it to the big time it 's got to be because I can make defensive plays .
Everyone in the pros has a lot of skill , but you have to be reliable when it comes to making plays in your on zone .
I 'm working on aspects like foot - speed , and think I 've improved and continue to do so .
[ In terms of plus / minus stat ]
I 've gone from a minus in the past couple of seasons to a plus now .
I 've been on a 12 - month long gym program to keep increasing muscle and get stronger , it 's something to keep working on , always .
Do you see much of Tom Fitzgerald or any other hockey operations people from Pittsburgh ?
How closely do they let you know they 're keeping tabs on you ?
Yeah , Tommy has been sending me texts and giving me calls , they 've been a first - rate organization as far as contact with me and helping me in my development .
Obviously you see they won the Stanley Cup last season , so they 're just as strong all - around in terms of working with young players like me .
It was an honor when I found out I had been drafted by them two years ago .
What 's the plan now , have you heard any word about possibly joining the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins in the AHL after your season is over ?
Right now I 'm focused on working with my junior club , we 're in a battle for first place in our division .
It 's very important for us to make it to the playoffs and try to take the next step of getting past the first round , would be a big step for our organization since we have n't been to the playoffs recently .
Hopefully something with Pittsburgh could work down the line , but for right now I 'm concentrating here on doing my best and we 'll see what happens depending on how they 're doing and how far we can go here .
Thanks for your time Nathan ; I 've appreciated talking with you .
Good luck down the road .
Thanks !
( Thanks again to Nathan and to Jeff Stillwell of Kingston 's PR for getting this setup )
You ’ll arrive at the Fairmont Battery Wharf hotel .
No , not the Fairmont Copley Plaza .
That ’s one of the grand dame hotels , in the Back Bay neighborhood .
The Back Bay  Newbury Street , the Public Garden , the walk to stately Beacon Hill  is great .
But you ’ve done that .
You ’re staying at the cool , new Fairmont boutique hotel , perched beside the northern edge of the North End , Boston ’s Little Italy .
Yes , that part of the waterfront .
The industrial wharves have been revitalized .
And now that after decades of construction , with its large cost overruns and charges of fraud , the Big Dig is finally done , replacing that hulking , traffic - clogged , elevated Central Artery with an underground highway , the North End , along with the waterfront , is newly accessible .
As the boat pulls into the dock , a smiling bellman approaches with a luggage cart .
The driver called ahead .
The Fairmont Battery Wharf insists on such niceties .
And , the really amazing thing , you do n’t have to be rich to get this special treatment , or to score a luxurious room with a water view .
At this time of year , rates can start at less than $ 200 .
You pay your $ 10 boat fare .
You check in .
Then you stroll the narrow , twisting streets of the North End , one of the city ’s oldest neighborhoods , full of cafes and restaurants and boutiques , and newly vibrant in the post Big Dig era .
No longer do you have to thread your way beneath the Central Artery , with traffic rumbling nerve - rackingly overhead , to get between the North End and downtown .
Now you can walk boldly across Hanover Street , through the public plaza and park  underneath it is the tunnel that replaced the old elevated highway  that is the new Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway .
Or you can just stand on Hanover Street on either side  the North End , or over by Faneuil Hall , or the Haymarket  and enjoy the striking city views .
The city that was divided more than half a century ago by the Central Artery has been knit back together .
Continuing around the North End , you can check out the sights along the red brick Freedom Trail : the 17th - century Paul Revere house ; the Old North Church , where the lanterns were hung in the steeple for Revere ’s ride .
Just up the street from the Revere House , a plaque on the wall at No. 4 Garden Court identifies it as the former home of John F. Fitzgerald , Boston ’s legendary former mayor known as Honey Fitz , and the birthplace of his daughter , Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy .
The Washington Post ’s editorial page has been tacking right in recent years and so today ’s editorial on Undiebomber , and the cynical Republican assault on the President , is noteworthy …. especially this :
With former vice president Richard B. Cheney in the lead , the [ Republicans ] have embarked on an ugly course to use the incident to inflict maximum political damage on President Obama .
That ’s bad enough , but their scurrilous line of attack is even worse .
The claim that the incident shows the president ’s fecklessness in the war on terror is unfounded — no matter how often it is repeated .
It is particularly scurrilous when it is used by Senator John Ensign to deflect attention from his adultery and hush - money payoffs , and by Rep. Pete Hoekstra to raise money for his gubernatorial campaign .
Neither of these men deserve to be in public office by January 2011 .
As for Cheney , I hope the old torturer just keeps blabbing–and his daughter Liz as well –to remind that American public what we ’re well rid of .
( JTA ) — A British court jailed an Albanian Muslim for seven years after weapons and Hezbollah manuals were found in his home .
Krena Lusha , 30 , from Derby in southeastern England , was sentenced Dec. 15 after being convicted on terrorist charges , the Jewish Chronicle reported .
Police found gasoline , Hezbollah bomb - building manuals , a suicide bomb belt , a missile , explosives and detonators in his home , the newspaper reported .
They found videos of beheadings and bomb attacks on his computer , as well as jihadist propaganda .
Lusha told an Internet chat forum that he wanted to see Americans and Jews killed .
Lusha slipped into Britain illegally in 2000 ; he will be deported to Albania after serving his sentence .
The software can processes satellite images to extract scientific and tracking information about how much forests have changed
Tracking the destruction of the world 's forests is to become much easier for scientists and forest managers , thanks to a software tool unveiled by search - engine giant Google 's philanthropic arm today .
The software , which uses Google 's computing resources to extract scientific information from decades of satellite images of forests , was demonstrated at the UN climate conference in Copenhagen .
" We hope this technology will help stop the destruction of the world 's rapidly disappearing forests , " said a statement on the Google.org blog .
" Emissions from tropical deforestation are comparable to the emissions of all of the EU , and are greater than those of all cars , trucks , planes , ships and trains worldwide .
According to the Stern Review – the report prepared for the British government in 2006 on the economics of climate change by Lord Nicholas Stern – protecting the world 's standing forests is a highly cost - effective way to cut carbon emissions and mitigate climate change . "
The UN mechanism to reduce deforestation is called Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries ( Redd ) , a system whereby richer countries would provide financial incentives to protect forests in poorer nations .
For Redd to be successful , however , countries need ways to accurately monitor and report on the state of their forests .
In Google.org 's prototype software , environmental authorities or NGOs interested in monitoring forests start with satellite images of their area and track how the size and shape of the tree cover has changed over time .
The software can processes the images to extract useful scientific and tracking information about how much the forests have changed .
For the analysis , the Google.org team worked with Greg Asner of Carnegie Institution for Science and Carlos Souza of Imazon .
Technology developed by Asner and Souza is used in Latin America to track changes in forest cover – but mainstream use of the models has been slow due to lack of access to high - quality satellite images and the computer power needed to carry out the analysis .
Google.org 's solution is to enhance the Asner and Souza models using its own computing power .
" What if we could gather together all of the earth 's raw satellite imagery data – petabytes of historical , present and future data – and make it easily available on this platform ?
We decided to find out , by working with Greg and Carlos to re-implement their software online , on top of a prototype platform we 've built that gives them easy access to terabytes of satellite imagery and thousands of computers in our data centres , " it wrote .
Colby Loucks , deputy director of the conservation science program at WWF - US said : " A cost - effective and transparent approach for monitoring deforestation is needed to help pave the way for a global Redd program .
If Google 's system can be expanded to cover forests globally and access near real - time imagery , it can potentially be a powerful tool that helps tropical countries monitor forest loss . "
On January 13 , 2010 , the online journal PLoS One ( Public Library of Science One , which does not accept drug company advertising ) published a University of Exeter , England , study linking high levels of bisphenol A ( BPA ) in the urine with those most likely to be diagnosed with heart disease .
The lead researcher noted how difficult it is to confirm the study ’s results , as “ it would likely be very hard to find enough people for the control group who did not have detectable levels of BPA in their urine . ”
That fact alone is troubling .
On January 14 , 2010 , the nonprofit advocacy group Environmental Working Group , citing the University of Exeter study , renewed a call for FDA regulators to immediately ban the use of BPA in food and beverage containers .
On January 15 , 2010 , the FDA announced “ broad new research into the potential health effects of BPA used in baby bottles and other products ” .
But the agency ’s press releases failed to report the extensive research that already links BPA to potentially detrimental health effects .
The FDA did not order the recall of any product that currently contains BPA even though Joshua Sharfstein , the agency ’s principal deputy commissioner , noted that “ liquid ( baby ) formula generally has small detectable levels of BPA . ”
The FDA insisted it was taking “ reasonable steps ” to reduce BPA in the food supply , but one must wonder :
What is the definition of “ reasonable ” ?
The FDA ’s failure to protect newborns and the unborn from BPA recalls the old joke “ How many deaths does it take for the FDA to remove a drug from the market ? ”
The answer ( not all funny ) : all too many .
Here ’s a hysterical animation about Major League Baseball player Dock Ellis and his infamous 1970 no -hitter game against the San Diego Padres while under the influence of LSD .
In celebration of the greatest athletic achievement by a man on a psychedelic journey , No Mas and artist James Blagden proudly present the animated tale of Dock Ellis ’ legendary LSD no-hitter .
In the past few years weve heard all too much about performance enhancing drugs from greenies to tetrahydrogestrinone , and not enough about performance inhibiting drugs .
If our evaluation of the records of athletes like Mark McGwire , Roger Clemens , Marion Jones , and Barry Bonds needs to be revised downwards with an asterisk , we submit that that Dock Ellis record deserves a giant exclamation point .
Of the 263 no -hitters ever thrown in the Big Leagues , we can only guess how many were aided by steroids , but we can say without question that only one was ever thrown on acid .
BEIJING  Nearly a year after he was seized by the authorities , the only news of one of China ’s most tenacious civil rights lawyers has been that he “ went missing ” after his detention , friends and relatives said Friday .
They say they have not seen or heard from the lawyer , Gao Zhisheng , a Nobel Peace Prize nominee , since he was taken from his home in February .
When his brother , Gao Zhiyi , inquired about his whereabouts in September , a police official in Beijing explained that he was missing , according to those who have spoken to the brother .
On Friday , The Associated Press quoted the brother as saying he had come to Beijing from his home in Shaanxi Province to seek one of the officers who had led Mr. Gao away .
“ He told me that Gao Zhisheng lost his way and went missing , ” the brother said , according to The A.P.
“ We still do n’t know anything . ”
Several Valley commuters got front row seats to a strip tease on the side of the I - 17 this afternoon when a pissed off motorist stripped down to the buff and started throwing clothes at oncoming traffic .
Department of Public Safety officials say they received a call at about 12:52 p.m. of a naked man throwing clothes at traffic on the I - 17 at the stack transition .
" When we got there we found a very upset naked guy and a banged - up car on the side of the road , " says DPS spokesman Bart Graves .
You would think that a naked guy throwing clothes at traffic would cause drivers to speed up to get the hell away from him but the naked man caused a delay as rubbernecks slowed down to gawk at what god gave him .
Graves says details are still a little sketchy as to why the man was so pissed off , or the more important question -- why the hell was he naked and throwing clothes at oncoming traffic .
DPS is n't releasing any details about the man but Graves says it seems as though the disrobed motorist had been in some sort of accident -- most likely prior to stripping down to his birthday suit .
Graves says the man was incoherent while being interviewed by DPS agents and that officers are n't sure if drugs or alcohol were involved .
The man was taken to Good Samaritan Hospital by Phoenix police and is likely to face indecent exposure charges .
Paul S. sent in a link to a cell phone for five - year - olds ( plus or minus ) .
The fact that it has a button for dialing a female and a male person ( presumably mom and dad ) is a nice illustration of how having two parents of opposite sexes is normative .
Many children have two caregivers of the same sex ( e.g. , a mom and a grandmother or gay parents ) or only one caregiver ( or , for that matter , more than two ) .
But it is expected that a child will have a mother and a father involved in their life .
That this is “ normal ” will be reflected back at that child again and again , whether or not it reflects their reality .
For more examples of heteronormativity see this post ( featuring sea monkeys ! ) and also see our post full of cute photos of same - sex animal couples .
Scott Brown wins Massachusetts Senate special election race
State Sen. Scott Brown won a remarkable upset victory over state Attorney General Martha Coakley ( D ) tonight in a Massachusetts Senate special election , a victory likely to spawn broad - ranging political and policy consequences heading into the midterm elections .
" Tonight the independent voice of Massachusetts has spoken , " Brown said to raucuous cheers at his victory rally .
Brown 's victory is the first for Republicans at the Senate level for Republican in Massachusetts since 1972 and he becomes the lone GOPer in the 12 - person federal delegation from the Bay State .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said President Obama called Brown and " congratulated Senator Brown on his victory and a well - run campaign . "
While it is a historic win within Massachusetts , the implications of Brown 's victory for the national political scene are even more critical .
Brown will give Republicans a 41st seat in the Senate , robbing Democrats of the filibuster - proof majority the party had used to pass President Obama 's health care plan late last year .
In the immediate lead - up to tonight 's vote , Democrats -- including the White House and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( Calif . ) -- insisted that the party would move forward on health care but it is unclear whether that bravado will carry over in the coming days as the party seeks to deal with Coakley 's stunning upset .
" I have no interest in sugar coating what happened in Massachusetts , " said Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chairman Bob Menendez ( N.J. ) .
" There is a lot of anxiety in the country right now .
Americans are understandably impatient . "
Congressional strategists had warned in the closing days of the Massachusetts Senate race that a Coakley defeat had the potential to trigger a series of retirements within the Democratic ranks as members flee a political wave that could wash out dozens in the House and high single digits on the Senate side .
" My message to my clients ?
Jump ship now , " said one Democratic operative who advises a number of targeted Members of Congress .
" Obama ca n't help you . "
Democratic leaders spent much of Tuesday reaching out to vulnerable Members to convince them that the circumstances that led to Coakley 's demise were unique to her and the state and not indicative of the general political environment in which they will have to run in November .
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Chris Van Hollen ( Md. ) sought to downplay the Massachusetts result in a statement released after Coakley had conceded the contest .
" House Democrats have been preparing since day one last year for what we knew historically would be a very challenging election cycle , " said Van Hollen .
It 's not clear whether these efforts will pay off as Democratic Members of Congress were already fearful of what is coming in 2010 -- particularly after five retirements and a party switch over the past two months in competitive districts around the country .
The high stakes for Democrats were apparent in the final week of the campaign as the national party poured resources and manpower into Massachusetts in hopes of saving what was clearly a flagging campaign .
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee spent nearly $ 1.5 million on ads in support of Brown and President Obama made a hastily - scheduled visit to the state on Sunday -- his wife 's birthday -- in hopes of energizing a lethargic party base .
As Tuesday wore on , and it became clear that Coakley was likely to come up short , the finger pointing within the Democratic party began in earnest with the candidate 's advisers insisting that they had not received nearly enough support in the past month from national Democrats and DC - based strategists alleging that the blame for the loss lie entirely on Coakley .
" The campaign failed to recognize this threat , failed to keep Coakley on the campaign trail , failed to create a negative narrative about Brown [ and ] failed to stay on the air in December while he was running a brilliant campaign , " said one Democratic party official , adding that it is " wishful thinking " from Coakley to blame the national party for " one of the worst debacle in American political history " .
Republicans , meanwhile , were gleeful -- touting the Massachusetts victory on top of wins in gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey in 2009 as evidence that the political pendulum was swinging quickly in their direction .
" Democrats will try to play this race off as an isolated incident , but the recent spate of polling in swing districts across the country proves that Massachusetts is n't the exception of the 2010 election cycle , its the rule , " said National Republican Congressional Committee communications director Ken Spain .
" Any Democrat who voted for the health care bill now knows how big of an albatross they will have hanging around their necks . "
Doctors Claude and Yolene Surena Treat Earthquake Victims in Their Home in Port-au - Prince , Haiti
Haitian doctor couple Claude and Yolene Surena have turned their own home into a makeshift clinic , treating more than 300 patients .
They have few medical supplies , no nurses , and are using an armchair as an operating table — but Haitian doctors Claude and Yolene Surena make do with what they have to save as many lives as possible in Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
Ever since the earthquake hit last Tuesday , neighbors have been banging on the doctor couple ’s door , pleading for help with urgent medical needs .
Fortunately , their house did n’t sustain damage , but many of their neighbors ’ homes had collapsed .
Some were hurt by falling debris , and had suffered injuries like puncture wounds , gaping cuts , and broken bones .
Yolene Surena said that she treated her first patient about five minutes after the earthquake struck , and by Saturday , she and her husband had helped more than 300 injured earthquake victims , substituting household items like Krazy Clue to help close wounds when they did n’t have the appropriate equipment .
They ’ve worked tirelessly , night and day , with assistance only from friends with no medical training .
Despite the makeshift nature of their operation , they have lost only six patients .
Though it ’s tough for the couple to keep up their relentless pace , they are determined to help as many people as they can .
“ Each time you get something to do further , you hope that you can save one more life , ” Yolene told Good Morning , America .
The $ 290,000 Speeding Ticket
The record - setting ticket was given to the driver of a red Ferrari Testarossa .
Photo : SeeMonterey via Flickr .
It would be a red Ferrari , would n’t it ?
The Swiss courts just handed down the world ’s most expensive speeding ticket : 299,000 Swiss francs , or just under $ 290,000 .
According to the BBC , the motorist was barreling through a small village at 85 miles per hour : 35 mph over the speed limit .
Because the Swiss , like many European countries , assess higher speeding penalties to those with a greater ability to pay and because he was a repeat offender , this millionaire had to part with a small fortune .
In Switzerland , even the rich have a strong incentive to follow traffic laws .
Albert Edwards is back and spreading realism as usual .
First , the SocGen strategist takes on the increasingly growing divergence between the NFP payroll and household surveys .
The 85,000 decline in December ?s non-farm payrolls jolted ( briefly ) the markets back to reality .
For it had almost been forgotten in the post - November payroll euphoria that we remain in the midst of a long - lasting balance sheet recession .
Yet surprisingly weak though the December payrolls were , this disappointment pales into insignificance compared with the massive 589,000 decline in employment as measured by the Household Survey ( the monthly Employment Report contains surveys of both Households and Company Establishments each month ) .
Typically the employment measure preferred by the markets is the payroll data collected from the Establishment Survey , as it tends to be less volatile on a monthly basis ( but the unemployment rate data is derived from the alternative Household Survey ) .
Although the household measure of jobs is typically more volatile on a month - on - month basis , it is notable how it has seen a far more marginal improvement on a trend basis when compared to the payroll series ( see chart below ) , and just how bad December ?s outturn was .
Which of these indicators should one be following ?
Typically , at turning points , the Household Survey measure of employment growth tends to be a leading indicator of the payroll data .
Payrolls often get revised much later to fall into line with the Household Survey measure .
One key difference between the two surveys is the difficulty the Establishment Survey measure of employment has in picking up what is going on in the smaller company sector .
These diverging trends appear to be particularly wide at present ( see chart below ) .
Some thoughts on why the ongoing weakness in the US economy continues being in the now forgotten small and medium business sector :
If you look at the ISM you would imagine that all is now well with the US company sector : indeed the December measure of new orders , standing above 65 , is particularly strong .
But like the Establishment Survey of non-farm payrolls , there is a bias towards larger companies .
The evidence from the National Federation of Independent Businesses ( NFIB ) is that the situation for the smaller company sector is far gloomier , and to focus on the payroll survey is to miss the pain that is evident throughout the wider corporate sector in the US .
Why the birth / death model , which assumed 59,000 were created in December , is skewing data , and why the payroll survey can be effectively cast away as the latest data series indicator in the government 's increasingly misleading and muddy representation of economic status :
One source of overstatement in the payroll survey occurs because the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) makes assumptions about the birth / death of companies and the creation of new jobs - link .
In December , for example , the BLS assumed 59,000 jobs were created ( seasonally unadjusted ) .
It is generally recognized that this model tends to overstate job creation in a cyclical downturn .
It is also likely that , with the smaller company sector currently in so much pain , the payroll estimate of employment growth is overestimating jobs growth and that the wider ranging Household Survey may be a better indicator of current trends .
Some more on why the ignored small company sector is where the bulk of the action likely is , and why it continues being largely ignored by the BLS :
For it is quite clear looking at NFIB Survey that small companies are still having a terrible time .
Nominal sales are poor and companies remain ? credit crunched ?.
In every month last year small companies planned to increase prices , whereas they actually had to slash prices .
No surprise then that plans to hire and expand are still so very dismal .
Those working in the markets often forget just how important the unlisted corporate sector is to the economy overall .
US companies with less than 500 employees make up half of all private sector employment , for example .
The continued problems for the US smaller company sector might explain why the Chicago Fed ?s measure of National Activity remains insipid .
This monthly survey aggregates 85 of the key nationwide indicators and is thought by many to be a good monthly reading of the heartbeat of the national economy .
A three - month moving average of around - 0.7 is consistent with recession while a reading around zero is consistent with trend growth .
The latest reading in November is consistent with the economy only just beginning to emerge from recession .
Yet already some of the leading indicators we monitor closely have begun to top out ( e.g. ECRI and Conference Board ) .
Furthermore the wonderfully named Philly Fed?s Aruoba - Diebold - Scotti high frequency measure of business conditions index already seems to be on the slide .
Yet where Edwards shines is in his observations of the divergence between the run up in forward P / Es and still all time low expectations of long - term EPS growth .
This means the equity market is far more reliant on the expectations for strong 2010 earnings growth being fulfilled ( a near term eps disappointment can be shrugged off if valuations are dependent on high long - term earnings expectations ) .
The 27 % year - ahead expectation for global non-financial eps growth is a near record and particularly challenging when margins are at such high levels .
The tentative evidence that the cyclical upturn may already be stalling out would leave an expensive equity market ready to complete the Ice Age secular de-rating .
Lastly , in debunking yet another rose - colored glasses myth , Edwards takes on the misperceptions surrounding the " surging " corporate cash flow and the barrage of M&A deals " just around the corner . "
I hear much talk abound that the US corporate sector is throwing off unprecedented surplus cash and that it is only a matter of time before this triggers a major recovery of investment and / or M&A .
Indeed both the household and corporate sector ?s financial position seems to have been transformed from their noughties low of 4 % deficits , with both sectors now running healthy surpluses of 3 %
The national income accounts ( NIA ) definition though should be seen besides the Fed ?s Flow of Funds ( FoF ) calculation of the very same surplus .
On a slightly different definition this shows a more moderate surplus of only 1 % of GDP .
And when one assumes a neutral contribution from inventories ( which will almost certainly be the case in Q4 ) , the surplus drops away to 0 % ( see chart below ) .
This is indeed certainly much better than a few years back , but not though compelling evidence that an investment / M&A boom will be imminent this year .
At the end of the day , nothing matters : fundamentals have long been pushed away to the scrapheap of relevant data .
As Rosie keeps harping : " good news is good news and bad news is good news . "
What else is there to say ?
Maybe a few things .
Our analysis on the upcoming Minsky moment will be published shortly .
SOUNDBITES —
“ The first question for me is : Are same - sex unions ‘ marriages ’ ?
I ’m against discrimination , I ’m against hatred , I ’m in favor of marriage equality , but I do n’t think same - sex marriage is marriage .
Therefore I think it is wrong for the government to insist , through the use of law , that we all believe that same - sex unions are marriages .
…
Marriage really matters because children need a mom and a dad .
If you do n’t have a strong marriage culture … opposite - sex unions go around creating children on a random basis .
And children get hurt . ”
— Maggie Gallagher , explaining how her position against gay marriage is not discrimination ( via )
San Diego Business Litigation Firm
Sophisticated Legal Service For Over 40 Years
What is Business Litigation ?
It is the job of a business litigation attorney to advise clients in the areas of non-criminal litigation .
These areas can include disputes , contracts , partnerships , liabilities , and many others .
Specializations may include corporate structure and intellectual property .
As business disputes arise , they may be difficult to negotiate or arbitrate leading to a business litigation .
Business litigation is important to your business as well as to the economy as a whole .
When businesses have conflicting claims against each other or with individuals , then representation is required to ensure that justice and equitable action is preserved .
High - stakes litigation can often mean the difference between the life and death of your business , so you truly cannot afford to retain inexperienced or subpar representation .
The award - winning San Diego business litigation attorneys at The McClellan Law Firm is prepared to handle your commercial case .
We have gained a name for professional and ethical excellence in Southern California , and this reputation continues to benefit our clients .
With a host of awards and an unwavering commitment to pursuing the best interests of our clients , our San Diego law team is the one you want on your side .
Work with a firm that has over 40 years of experience protecting the interests of business owners — contact The McClellan Law Firm at ( 619 ) 215-1488 .
A family is suing a funeral home after their grandmother 's brain was sent to them in a bag of personal belongings following the woman 's death .
A local newspaper says the grisly discovery was made after family members noticed a " foul odour " coming from a bag sent to them by the DeVargas Funeral Home and Crematory in Espanola Valley in the US state of New Mexico .
The allegation was contained in a lawsuit filed on behalf of four family members in a District Court in Albuquerque .
The bag had reportedly been left inside a family member 's car overnight .
When they opened it , the woman 's relatives found personal effects and a bag with the dead woman 's name and " brain " written on it , the lawsuit alleged .
" Would n't you agree that it was a horrible mistake ? "
Albuquerque attorney Richard Valle said .
" No loved one 's brain should ever be part of those belongings . "
The brain has since been buried with the woman 's body .
Funeral home owner Johnny DeVargas says his business was not to blame , pointing the finger at another entity in Utah from where her body was sent after she died in a car crash .
" All I can say is DeVargas did absolutely nothing wrong and that the family was well cared for , " he was quoted by the paper as saying .
" The family was very meticulously cared for and they were very pleased with our service . "
- AFP
Editor 's note : Bruce Schneier is an author and technologist who specializes in security .
His books include " Applied Cryptography , " " Beyond Fear " and " Schneier on Security " and his other writing can be seen at http://www.schneier.com/
( CNN ) --
Last week 's attempted terror attack on an airplane heading from Amsterdam to Detroit has given rise to a bunch of familiar questions .
How did the explosives get past security screening ?
What steps could be taken to avert similar attacks ?
Why was n't there an air marshal on the flight ?
And , predictably , government officials have rushed to institute new safety measures to close holes in the system exposed by the incident .
Reviewing what happened is important , but a lot of the discussion is off - base , a reflection of the fundamentally wrong conception most people have of terrorism and how to combat it .
Terrorism is rare , far rarer than many people think .
It 's rare because very few people want to commit acts of terrorism , and executing a terrorist plot is much harder than television makes it appear .
The best defenses against terrorism are largely invisible : investigation , intelligence , and emergency response .
But even these are less effective at keeping us safe than our social and political policies , both at home and abroad .
However , our elected leaders do n't think this way :
They are far more likely to implement security theater against movie - plot threats .
A " movie - plot threat " is an overly specific attack scenario .
Whether it 's terrorists with crop dusters , terrorists contaminating the milk supply , or terrorists attacking the Olympics , specific stories affect our emotions more intensely than mere data does .
Stories are what we fear .
It 's not just hypothetical stories -- terrorists flying planes into buildings , terrorists with explosives strapped to their legs or with bombs in their shoes , and terrorists with guns and bombs waging a co-ordinated attack against a city are even scarier movie - plot threats because they actually happened .
" Security theater " refers to security measures that make people feel more secure without doing anything to actually improve their security .
An example : the photo ID checks that have sprung up in office buildings .
No one has ever explained why verifying that someone has a photo ID provides any actual security , but it looks like security to have a uniformed guard - for - hire looking at ID cards .
Airport - security examples include the National Guard troops stationed at U.S. airports in the months after 9/11 -- their guns had no bullets .
The U.S. color - coded system of threat levels , the pervasive harassment of photographers , and the metal detectors that are increasingly common in hotels and office buildings since the Mumbai terrorist attacks , are additional examples .
To be sure , reasonable arguments can be made that some terrorist targets are more attractive than others : airplanes because a small bomb can result in the death of everyone aboard , monuments because of their national significance , national events because of television coverage , and transportation because of the numbers of people who commute daily .
But there are literally millions of potential targets in any large country -- there are 5 million commercial buildings alone in the United States -- and hundreds of potential terrorist tactics .
It 's impossible to defend every place against everything , and it 's impossible to predict which tactic and target terrorists will try next .
Security is both a feeling and a reality .
The propensity for security theater comes from the interplay between the public and its leaders .
When people are scared , they need something done that will make them feel safe , even if it does n't truly make them safer .
Politicians naturally want to do something in response to crisis , even if that something does n't make any sense .
Often , this " something " is directly related to the details of a recent event .
We confiscate liquids , screen shoes , and ban box cutters on airplanes .
We tell people they can't use an airplane restroom in the last 90 minutes of an international flight .
But it 's not the target and tactics of the last attack that are important , but the next attack .
These measures are only effective if we happen to guess what the next terrorists are planning .
If we spend billions defending our rail systems , and the terrorists bomb a shopping mall instead , we 've wasted our money .
If we concentrate airport security on screening shoes and confiscating liquids , and the terrorists hide explosives in their brassieres and use solids , we 've wasted our money .
Terrorists do n't care what they blow up and it should n't be our goal merely to force the terrorists to make a minor change in their tactics or targets .
Our current response to terrorism is a form of " magical thinking . "
It relies on the idea that we can somehow make ourselves safer by protecting against what the terrorists happened to do last time .
Unfortunately for politicians , the security measures that work are largely invisible .
Such measures include enhancing the intelligence - gathering abilities of the secret services , hiring cultural experts and Arabic translators , building bridges with Islamic communities both nationally and internationally , funding police capabilities -- both investigative arms to prevent terrorist attacks , and emergency communications systems for after attacks occur -- and arresting terrorist plotters without media fanfare .
They do not include expansive new police or spying laws .
Our police do n't need any new laws to deal with terrorism ; rather , they need apolitical funding .
The arrest of the " liquid bombers " in London is an example :
They were caught through old - fashioned intelligence and police work .
Their choice of target ( airplanes ) and tactic ( liquid explosives ) did n't matter ; they would have been arrested regardless .
But even as we do all of this we cannot neglect the feeling of security , because it's how we collectively overcome the psychological damage that terrorism causes .
It 's not security theater we need , it 's direct appeals to our feelings .
The best way to help people feel secure is by acting secure around them .
Instead of reacting to terrorism with fear , we -- and our leaders -- need to react with indomitability , the kind of strength shown by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Prime Minister Winston Churchill during World War II .
By not overreacting , by not responding to movie - plot threats , and by not becoming defensive , we demonstrate the resilience of our society , in our laws , our culture , our freedoms .
There is a difference between indomitability and arrogant " bring 'em on " rhetoric .
There 's a difference between accepting the inherent risk that comes with a free and open society , and hyping the threats .
We should treat terrorists like common criminals and give them all the benefits of true and open justice -- not merely because it demonstrates our indomitability , but because it makes us all safer .
Once a society starts circumventing its own laws , the risks to its future stability are much greater than terrorism .
Despite fearful rhetoric to the contrary , terrorism is not a transcendent threat .
A terrorist attack cannot possibly destroy a country 's way of life ; it 's only our reaction to that attack that can do that kind of damage .
The more we undermine our own laws , the more we convert our buildings into fortresses , the more we reduce the freedoms and liberties at the foundation of our societies , the more we 're doing the terrorists ' job for them .
Today , we can project indomitability by rolling back all the fear - based post - 9/11 security measures .
Our leaders have lost credibility ; getting it back requires a decrease in hyperbole .
Ditch the invasive mass surveillance systems and new police state - like powers .
Return airport security to pre-9/11 levels .
Remove swagger from our foreign policies .
Show the world that our legal system is up to the challenge of terrorism .
Stop telling people to report all suspicious activity ; it does little but make us suspicious of each other , increasing both fear and helplessness .
Counterterrorism is also hard , especially when we 're psychologically prone to muck it up .
Since 9/11 , we 've embarked on strategies of defending specific targets against specific tactics , overreacting to every terrorist video , stoking fear , demonizing ethnic groups , and treating the terrorists as if they were legitimate military opponents who could actually destroy a country or a way of life -- all of this plays into the hands of terrorists .
We 'd do much better by leveraging the inherent strengths of our modern democracies and the natural advantages we have over the terrorists : our adaptability and survivability , our international network of laws and law enforcement , and the freedoms and liberties that make our society so enviable .
The way we live is open enough to make terrorists rare ; we are observant enough to prevent most of the terrorist plots that exist , and indomitable enough to survive the even fewer terrorist plots that actually succeed .
We do n't need to pretend otherwise .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .
An earlier version of this essay appeared in New Internationalist magazine .
Those tales of mass violence in Haiti are looking increasingly dubious by the day .
Here 's Sasha Kramer , director of the Haitian nonprofit SOIL , describing the conditions she 's seen after the quake :
Since we arrived in Port au Prince , everyone has told us that you cannot go into the area around the palace because of violence and insecurity .
I was in awe as we walked into downtown , among the flattened buildings , in the shadow of the fallen palace , among the swarms of displaced people there was calm and solidarity .
We wound our way through the camp asking for injured people who needed to get to the hospital .
Despite everyone telling us that as soon as we did this we would be mobbed by people , I was amazed as we approached each tent people gently pointed us towards their neighbors , guiding us to those who were suffering the most .
We picked up five badly injured people and drove towards an area where Ellie and Berto had passed a woman earlier .
When they saw her she was lying on the side of the road with a broken leg screaming for help .
They were on foot and could not help her at the time , so we went back to try to find her .
Incredibly , we found her relatively quickly at the top of a hill of shattered houses .
The sun was setting and the community helped to carry her down the hill on a refrigerator door , tough looking guys smiled in our direction calling out , " Bonswa , Cherie , " ( Good evening , Dear ) and " Kouraj " ( Courage ) … .
Half way through the surgery we heard a clamor outside and ran out to see what it was .
A large yellow truck was parked in front of the gate and unloading hundreds of bags of food over our fence .
The hungry crowd had already begun to gather and in the dark it was hard to decide how to best distribute the food .
Knowing that we could not sleep in the house with all of this food and so many starving people in the neighborhood , our friend Amber ( who is experienced in food distribution ) snapped into action and began to get everyone in the crowd into a line that stretched down the road .
We braced ourselves for the fighting that we had heard would come , but in a miraculous display of restraint and compassion people lined up to get the food and one by one the bags were handed out without a single serious incident .
Such reports have been echoed by other people on the ground , such as The Guardian 's Inigo Gilmore .
It also matches the usual behavior witnessed after natural and technological disasters , in which mutual aid flowers while violence and theft are almost unheard - of .
Even on those rare occasions that rioting does break out , there 's much more spontaneous order than disorder .
Unfortunately , in Haiti as in New Orleans , the fear of crazed crowds has fed a centralized , militarized response to the crisis , erecting barriers between the needy and outside assistance .
With U.S. troops in control of the Port - au - Prince airport , for example , the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders have had flights redirected to the Dominican Republic .
To be clear : I 'm not claiming there 's no grassroots violence in Haiti .
Just that , in another parallel with Katrina , those rumors of unruliness seem to have been grossly exaggerated .
That may be because so much of the media report what they expect to see even when a completely different story is unfolding under their nose .
Watch this bizarre report on CNN , in which Ivan Watson describes " chaotic crowds " while the camera shows crowds that are calm and patient .
At one point Watson announces that we 're watching a " chaotic scramble " onto a rescue ship .
This is illustrated by a group of people carefully , methodically passing a baby onto the boat .
Then , while more refugees peacefully load their luggage in the background , the reporter asks the shipowner his burning question : " Has anybody offered you any help with crowd control of these thousands of desperate people ? "
The people of America wanted real change ; they are n't getting it .
They wanted a president that would finally turn America away from its march to perpetual war ; that was wishful thinking .
Real change of any substance has not come to America and we are a nation that has become entangled in military conflicts all over the world .
Millions of Americans invested great hope in the belief that things would truly change , but our return on that investment , to date , is zero .
The American Dream seems to have morphed into a nightmare .
The economy is bleeding , there is no job creation , our infrastructure is crumbing and we have a government in Washington that is owned by " Corporate America . "
And while our nation reels and people struggle to survive , our military is engaged in unjustifiable , very costly wars and occupations that are bringing this country ever closer to bankruptcy .
How did we ever get to this point ?
How could we have allowed ourselves to regress to this level ; one of the lowest in our history ?
We have put far too much faith in our elected representatives and have not been vigilant and demanding in monitoring their behavior and performance .
This Congress , clearly one of the worst in history , has not only failed us , they have betrayed us .
And our president watches in muted silence , without any vision as to how to return stability to our nation .
While we certainly do n't need government running our lives , we do need it to function as intended by our founders and under the U.S. Constitution ; to enact meaningful , necessary legislation , to promote commerce and , in doing so , to establish appropriate reforms and regulations to prevent predatory abuse by those in positions of power .
But , sad to say , that is no longer happening in this Congress .
Our government seems to be caught up in a massive gridlock , and from the president on down , they have succumbed to the power and influence of Corporate America ; the interests of the American electorate are no longer relevant to their agenda .
Health care reform polls now show that most Americans no longer support health care reform .
The majority of Americans actually want an overhaul of our health care system but not the convoluted kind that is a gift to the insurance industry and an insult to America .
The combination of a U.S. Senate that has been corrupted by corporate money , the deadly , outmoded filibuster rule , the deceitful , hate filled Republican Party , and a president whose performance on this critical issue has been weak , lackluster and completely mystifying , has stripped the heart out of this legislation .
People want to work , they must work to survive but jobs are continuing to disappear .
Transnational corporations have disseminated the American workforce and have pledged allegiance to foreign nations and their workers .
Congress and this president do not understand that , unless we begin immediately to restore our manufacturing base , the American economy cannot be restored .
Mr. Obama and his economic advisers have this flawed concept that continuously applying band aids and patches to an economy bleeding profusely is going to work it wo n't .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Mad about the bank bailouts ?
Had enough of huge bonuses and too - big - to - fail apologies ?
Here 's one way to do something about it .
Take your money out .
That 's right .
Take your checking and savings account out of that big money - center financial institution and move it to a community bank or credit union .
There 's even a movement afoot to help consumers make the switch , called Move Your Money , with a well - timed message and a good video ( see below ) .
The website offers search tools so consumers thinking about switching can type in their zip codes to find a credit union or a strong community bank nearby .
Do big banks really care if a few thousand depositors pull out their money ?
Here 's why they do .
Banks ' business foundation rests on core deposits , including the savings and checking accounts of consumers and businesses , says Dennis Santiago , CEO of Institutional Risk Analytics ( IRA ) , a bank - rating company in Torrance , Calif .
Although it 's too early to tell whether many people will actually move their accounts , the site has been mobbed since it went up in late December .
" The outpouring was tremendous , " says Mr. Santiago , who set up the bank search tool and agreed to share the data showing those institutions with the IRA 's best ratings .
In the first 48 hours , after Arianna Huffington went on CNN to promote the campaign , 80,000 people used the tool to find a local bank .
Since then , half the country 's zip codes have been searched and the tool gets 40,000 to 45,000 page views a day , he says .
Even in 2008 , the latest numbers available , credit unions and community banks have seen an increase in depositors .
Now " other people are taking up the call to move their money into a commununity bank , " says Karen Tyson , senior vice president for communications at the Independent Community Bankers of America .
" We can't help but be happy with that . "
Amber Taylor of Arlington , Va. , is one of those who 's actually switching .
" I never thought about what bank I chose before , " she says .
Then , the financial crisis and the bank bailouts got her thinking .
When she saw the Move Your Money video , " that got me all motivated me all over again ....
I do n't know what huge difference this will make in the big world [ but ] it 's one little thing that I discovered I could do . "
She and her husband will move their checking and savings accounts from Wachovia to a small community bank near their home on Saturday .
Her boss is moving his business account to a community bank as well .
" What all this does is open the door to a remixing of the deposit base of the country ... using the forces of the market , " Mr. Santiago says .
" Here 's the best thing about it : no tax dollars required . "
Inspector Mario Giardini , the officer in charge of the Vancouver Police Departments ' professional standards division , issued the following statement today ( January 4 ) :
The role of a police officer carries with it many risks , some inherent some avoidable .
When an officer , during the course of his duty , is accused of actions that in retrospect may be deemed avoidable , it can in some cases lead to charges under the Criminal Code or the Police Act .
In the rare occasion when that happens , it is the clear policy of the Vancouver Police Department to share that information with the public in an immediate and forthright manner .
Consistent with that policy , I am here today to tell you about a VPD Sergeant who has been charged with assault with a weapon stemming from an incident on August 23 , 2009 .
About 2:15 that morning , officers responded to a 9 - 1 - 1 call of a “ fight in progress ” in the 2200 block of West Broadway .
Sergeant Darcy Taylor , a 20 - year veteran , was first on - scene and while he was dealing with the incident he called for “ Code 3 ” ( emergency ) cover and other officers arrived shortly thereafter .
On September 21st , 2009 , a complaint was made to the Office of the Police Complaints Commissioner by a man who alleged that Sergeant Taylor struck him in the chest with his baton , knocking him to the ground with no apparent injury .
As a result of the complaint , the VPD Professional Standards Section initiated its own investigation , which led them to believe there were reasonable and probable grounds that the criminal offence of “ assault with a weapon ” had been committed .
Regional Crown Counsel concurred and approved the charge , which was sworn today just hours ago .
The charge will be dealt with summarily .
The internal Police Act investigation continues and is independent of the criminal process .
As the matter is now before the courts and still being investigated internally , we would refrain from commenting further as we would not want to risk tainting or biasing the process .
Pending the outcome of the court proceedings and the Police Act investigation , Sergeant Taylor has been placed on non-operational duties .
Verizon Wireless is the US 's largest wireless carrier , and it 's renowned for its good network coverage .
At the same time , Verizon 's top - end consumer smartphones have been represented by its aging collection of Windows Mobile and Blackberry devices .
The Apple iPhone went to AT&T , the Palm Pre to Sprint , and the first generation of Android devices to T - Mobile .
But Verizon has finally struck back , taking the first Android 2.0 Device and releasing it with some Apple - like hype .
Ars has gotten a hold of a Droid , and we 've taken it ( and the Android 2.0 platform ) out for a test drive .
With the release of the Motorola Droid , Verizon Wireless takes a shot directly at the iPhone .
Featuring an eye - catching 3.7 " WVGA screen , the same speedy ARM Cortex A8 - based processor that powers the Pre and the iPhone 3GS , and a modern smartphone OS , the Droid is definitely a phone to be reckoned with .
But is all this enough to make this phone your daily companion ?
Unboxing & new user experience :
The Droid 's " new hardware " experience is a bit different from other smartphones .
As a Verizon phone , most people buy it at the store , so they receive the phone " unboxed " already .
At the Verizon store where I got mine , the representative was very helpful with the process of activating my phone over the CDMA network and linking it to my Google account .
While not mandatory , you lose out on many of the phone 's features if you do not want to have Google manage your online existence .
The Android Market is also not available unless you have a Google account .
The Droid 's packaging is minimal and neat .
You get the phone , a microUSB - to - USB cable , a two - pronged AC / DC - to - USB inverter , and a small amount of documentation .
However , this neat little box is marred on the side with an uninformative notice containing the box 's contents , disclaimers , and a large sticker with a dozen serial numbers .
Basically the art and packaging departments did a wonderful job , then Verizon / Motorola went back and ruined it .
Unboxed Droid
The Hardware
The overall physical hardware design is a bit different than other popular smartphones .
It 's not the slick pebble of the Pre , nor the rounded slate of the iPhone , nor even the rounded edges of the HTC G1 / Dream ; it 's actually a rather jarring collection of angles , edges , buttons , and connectors .
Here it is , sitting besides a HTC G1 and a Palm Pre .
G1 , Droid , and Pre
The screen is well - built and slides out with a solid " click , " without any spring assistance .
But the screen does n't overlap the bottom half of the phone , making for an uneven look .
The micro USB connector is a lump in the side of the phone , so unless you have the actual Motorola car dock , you wo n't be able to charge it while using a generic car mount .
When grasping the phone , you feel the edges and side buttons , making it uncomfortable to hold for long periods .
In addition , the placement of the camera and volume buttons make them very easy to accidentally bump .
Overall , it 's just not a very well - planned layout .
Some users might also be wary of the lack of a physical " call " and " end call " button , as those are handled by the phone application .
The front face buttons are just hotspots on the capacitive screen .
And the phone lacks protection against liquids , since the microUSB jack and all the speakers sit exposed .
The overall hardware specs are :
CPU : TI OMAP 3430 ( Arm Cortex A8 @ 550 mhz , PowerVR SGX 530 )
RAM : 256MB
Flash Memory : 512MB built in ( for program storage )
Secondary : 16GB removable MicroSD ( for music / images / general storage )
Keyboard
Droid keyboard
The Droid keyboard is not what I would consider great .
It has very little differentiation between the keys , and this makes it fairly easy to mistype .
The keyboard also is only 4 rows , so your
Alt keys get used a lot more , and there are fewer characters available .
I found myself not using the physical keyboard much at all .
I also found myself turning off auto - rotate features quite a bit .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Missiles shot from pilotless planes are an effective tool against suspected militants , two U.S. senators said Thursday .
" The drone strikes are part of an overall set of tactics which make up the strategy for victory , " said Arizona Republican John McCain .
" They have been very effective , and they have knocked al Qaeda and other Islamic extremist organizations off balance . "
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , said the drones were " a critical element of our effort , our campaign , our strategy to deny the terrorists who are terrorizing the people of Afghanistan and Pakistan a safe haven from which to strike them and us in the United States . "
The senators made their comments during a congressional visit that took them to Iraq and Afghanistan .
Next on their itinerary is Pakistan .
The United States employs unmanned Predator planes to gather information and launch strikes on suspected al Qaeda and Taliban operatives based in regions that hug the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Drone strikes killed at least 13 suspected militants in Pakistan on Wednesday in the fourth and fifth suspected drone strikes in less than a week .
The attacks come after a suicide bomber killed seven CIA officers and contractors on December 30 .
Since President Obama took office last January , there have been reports of more than 40 attacks by Hellfire missiles fired from drones , an increase over the approximately 30 missile strikes launched in 2008 during the Bush administration .
A U.S. official confirmed last month that the White House has authorized an expansion of the drone missile program .
But the strikes are controversial because of unwanted civilian deaths .
Pakistani authorities have said that the drone attacks help fuel anti-American sentiment in the region .
McCain said the United States is hoping to mitigate the fallout .
" We , working more closely with the Afghan government , as well as the Pakistani government , have made those operations more efficient and less damaging to the civilian population , " he said at a news briefing at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul .
McCain 's comments came hours after al Qaeda claimed responsibility for last month 's attack on the CIA officers and contractors , saying it was revenge for militants killed in drone strikes .
Though drone attacks have been an important tool , they are not an overall strategy , McCain said .
He cited the successes of the surge in Iraq and said a similar plan -- though under different circumstances -- is being implemented in Afghanistan .
He said at least 400,000 trained Afghan troops will be needed to take over security responsibilities in their country .
" So we will be seeking both the funding and the policy that would mean that the Afghan military can be built up to a total of 400,000 troops in order to fulfill the responsibilities and meet the challenges that they face , " he said .
" In Iraq , we failed several times to build a viable military , " he said .
" We finally succeeded with the surge strategy .
The reason why the Iraqis are now able to control their own security is because of the size of their military and police . "
McCain added that he was concerned about Obama 's announced 2011 date for U.S. troops to begin withdrawing .
" That date , in my view , is artificial and should only be based by conditions on the ground , " McCain said .
McCain and Lieberman were part of a congressional delegation that met with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and several of his ministers Wednesday .
Despite a recent torrent of criticism of Karzai 's leadership , Lieberman said he was encouraged about Afghanistan 's future .
" We 're not going to make the same mistake we made after the conflict with the Soviet Union , " he said .
" America is here to stay in the cause of a free and stable and prosperous Afghanistan . "
Intel and AMD are fierce competitors in the world of chipmaking , but in recent years they 've taken the fight to the courtroom .
AMD has sued Intel for antitrust violations ( allegations that have been picked up by a number of governments ) , while Intel fired back by claiming that AMD had violated a licensing agreement for x86 technology .
This morning , however , the two companies made a surprise announcement : they 've reached an agreement that settles all legal issues between them .
The statement is short on information ; both companies will flesh out the details during press / analyst calls later this morning .
However , it does have a few eye - popping details , first and foremost among them a cash payment :
Intel will be handing $ 1.25 billion over to AMD .
The agreement also includes limits on Intel 's business practices ; these are n't specified in the statement , but undoubtedly limit the rebates and bulk buying agreements that Intel has used in the past to keep OEMs from jumping ship to AMD .
The two parties will also drop their patent dispute and commit to another five - year cross licensing agreement .
There 's something in this for both parties .
Intel was facing AMD suits both in the US and Japan , and AMD was filing complaints with just about any government that appeared willing to listen .
This wo n't stop any government cases against Intel that are already in progress , and wo n't prevent any governments from investigating Intel on their own .
But , without a major company pushing for these investigations , it 's likely that Intel can start focusing on clearing out existing cases without the worry that new ones will continue to appear .
The business practices that Intel has agreed to avoid are undoubtedly the same ones that have been getting it in antitrust hot water lately , so they 've probably been discontinued already .
The formal agreement may help Intel argue that its misbehaving days are in the past , which can help with both settling existing cases and avoiding future ones .
As for the cash , Intel has just demonstrated it can handle even larger payments ( the EU hit them with a � 1.5 billion fine ) without missing a beat .
Given that Intel was unlikely to continue practices that were leading to massive fines anyway , AMD is primarily coming out of this with three things : vindication , reduced legal bills , and the cash .
The latter two are what really matter , given that the company has been building up a hefty pile of debt in recent years .
The company has $ 1.5 billion in cash on hand , and has recently gotten much closer to profitability ( it 's non -GAAP numbers actually show a profit ) , but its purchase of ATI and frequent reorganizations has left it with around $ 5 billion in debt to pay off .
An extra $ 1.25 billion will go a long way towards assuring investors that it can continue to pay down this debt .
We 'll update this story as warranted with more details from the calls this morning .
Windows 7 ' GodMode ' ( in Off - topic )
Unappreciated Misnomer January 6 2010 6:31 PM
EST
2. Name it : GodMode .
{ED7BA470-8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C}
3 . Open it .
see the news here 1 . Create a new folder2 .
Name it : GodMode .
{ED7BA470-8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C}3 .
Open it .see the news here http://news.cnet.com/8301-13860_3-10423985-56.html
{ Wookie} - Jir . Vr - January 6 2010 6:49 PM EST
That 's funny .
I can see a lawsuit in the near future against Microsoft from angry ... uhh ... atheists >_<
Lord Bob January 6 2010 7:00 PM
EST
I can see a lawsuit in the near future against Microsoft from angry ... uhh ... atheists
That was just plain stupid .
Thanks for the tip .
I use XP , but I know some people who use 7 who will appreciate this info .
That was just plain stupid .
Joel January 6 2010 7:15 PM
EST GOD MODE ACTIVATED !!!
Its pretty cool ! ^.^
{ Wookie} - Jir . Vr - January 6 2010 7:30 PM EST
That was just plain stupid .
About as stupid as people trying to take the word " God " out of the pledge of allegiance , and Christmas out of schools .
About as stupid as people trying to take the word " God " out of the pledge of allegiance , and Christmas out of schools .
Lord Bob January 6 2010 8:59 PM
EST
About as stupid as people trying to take the word " God " out of the pledge of allegiance , and Christmas out of schools .
So , smart ?
No , your post was way , way stupider than that .
Drunk tonight Jiraiya ?
So , smart ?
No , your post was way , way stupider than that .
QB Ranger January 6 2010 9:19 PM
EST
That 's funny .
I can see a lawsuit in the near future against Microsoft from angry ... uhh ... atheists >_<
That was actually a very smart statement .
Very sarcastic about how PC our society has become .
At least in America .
Here is a nice article to look at :
http://cbs2chicago.com/politics/capitol.atheist.display.2.1387754.html
I can see the sarcasm dripping in reality .
That was actually a very smart statement .
Very sarcastic about how PC our society has become .
At least in America .
Here is a nice article to look at : I can see the sarcasm dripping in reality .
BootyGod January 6 2010 10:03 PM
EST
Can we please not immediately move to groundless insults against another person 's comments ?
I mean , sure , maybe eventually .
But replying to something with " That 's just stupid . " is typically not the mature / intelligent way to handle it .
Salketer [ big bucks ]
January 6 2010 10:23 PM
EST just an FYI , you can name the folder whatever you want ...
It does not have to be named GodMode .
As long as the name of the folder finishes by .
{ED7BA470 - 8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C}
kevlar January 6 2010 10:33 PM
EST
Gunna have to try typing in ' power overwhelming ' at the cmd prompt !
( the only other God mode code I know , from Blizzard )
> Can we please not immediately move to groundless insults against another person 's comments ?
* nods *
Lord Bob January 7 2010 2:39 AM
EST
But replying to something with " That 's just stupid . " is typically not the mature / intelligent way to handle it .
It was n't a mature or intelligent post that he made .
I just pointed that out .
It was n't a mature or intelligent post that he made .
I just pointed that out .
kevlar January 7 2010 2:48 AM
EST
Bob , you 're brash a lot when it comes to political / religious posts .
You could tone it down in a big way .
Just because you do n't think something is intelligent does n't mean you have the right to call someone stupid or accuse them of being drunk .
Grow up .
Eliteofdelete [ Battle Royale ] January 7 2010 2:49 AM
EST
In the world of Lord Bob all sarcasm and jokes must be mature and intelligent .
There goes all fart jokes , your momma jokes , and the worst of all .... blond jokes :(.
Salketer [ big bucks ]
January 7 2010 3:03 AM
EST
Heh * looks at bob 's blond mom stepping out the room farting * alright , now let 's go back to the subject ...
Sorry Bob , I just could n't hold myself :)
QB Ranger January 7 2010 7:52 AM
EST
It was n't a mature or intelligent post that he made .
I just pointed that out .
Actually it was a very intelligent and very astute post .
Actually it was a very intelligent and very astute post .
Kompton Kidd January 7 2010 8:21 AM
EST
So what 's GodMode do ?
A Lesser AR of 15 [ Red Permanent Assurance ] January 7 2010 8:28 AM
EST
But replying to something with " That 's just stupid . " is typically not the mature / intelligent way to handle it .
What are you , stupid ?
What are you , stupid ?
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 9:43 AM
EST
Ranger , why would you think that response was particularly " astute " ( except to try to get under LB 's skin ) ?
The word " god " has absolutely nothing to do with religion .
There was a God -Mode in DOOM for goodness sake , and no one ever said boo about it ( by the way , in this context I would bet an atheist would be the LAST person to say anything ) .
There are Norse gods , Greek gods , Roman gods , Egyptian gods , Hindu gods -- all dating back before " G" od started defining monotheism in many different cultures .
It 's not called Mohammad - Mode , John - Smith - Mode , Jesus - Mode or Christ - Mode , so no one is going to have a problem with it .
So , while I understand you think the world is just way too PC , taking Jir 's post seriously ( I actually thought he was just joking around ) just tends to make that aspect worse .
Why even comment on it ?
As for LB 's response ...
Atheists have feelings too , you know .
* smile *
Maybe his response was a tad bit over - reactive , but he has a right to his opinions .
QB OddBird January 7 2010 9:50 AM
EST THREAD DERAILED , ORIGINAL POST HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RELIGION
oooh , godmode .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 9:51 AM
EST
As for your link , Ranger , what does it have to do with a PC society , etc ?
The link if about freedom of speech , pure and simple .
If the State Capitol is going to have a Christmas Tree , nativity scene , menorah , and a festivus pole ( no joke ) on display , why can't an alternative viewpoint also be on display ?
For being a " get out of my face , gov't ! " and " Capitalism rules ! " kind of guy , you sure seem to cherry pick the Bill of Rights . :\
And next , you 'll be saying the number zero should n't be supported .
After all , it is pretty radical !
It represents the lack of all other numbers !
[ P] Mitt January 7 2010 10:15 AM EST THREAD DERAILED , ORIGINAL POST HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RELIGION
oooh , godmode .
QB Ranger January 7 2010 10:22 AM
EST
Why does a christmas display have to have an aethiests poster decrying religion ?
Is that how PC we have become ?
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 10:31 AM
EST
Not sure why you keep using the term " PC " -- we are n't talking about political correctness , we 're talking about freedom of speech .
Any question starting with , " why do we have to have ... " is bound to be easily answered with , " we do n't have to , we GET to . "
No one said we HAVE to have an atheist sign on display .
To discuss that is to be completely missing the point .
The simple fact is that an atheist sign WAS on display , had every right to be , and the folks trying to censor it , whether it be via turning the sign around , hiding it , or throwing acid at it ( yeah , way to go , Wisconsin . * sigh * )
To come at it from another angle , if you want to talk " correctness " ( I am leaving the " political " out of it , since , as I said , this has nothing to do with politics and never has ) , which do you find more " correct " , as in a right supported by the Constitution :
-- Displaying a sign with your opinion ( non-slanderous , non-libelous , non-panic - inducing ) on it in a public place .
-- Throwing acid at said sign ( and all that would entail , including the potential to burn someone with the acid ) .
Any thoughts on that ?
I 'm assuming you read the full article to which you linked , so you understand whence I am getting the acid scenario .
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 10:33 AM EST
There is something to be said for customs in any country , regardless of beliefs .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 10:41 AM
EST
There is something to be said for customs in any country , regardless of beliefs .
Absolutely .
And the atheist sign did nothing to detract from those beliefs .
They did n't hide the nativity scene , mess with the layout , or throw acid at any of the other displays .
Pity their display of belief ( lack of belief IS a belief , you see ) did n't receive the same treatment .
And if one 's customs and beliefs are so easily shaken , that 's on the believer , not the person with the opposing point of view .
If someone do n't want to face that fact , and fights against even having to look at opposing points of view , then they are implicitly saying dissent of any kind really should n't exist .
Gratuitous internet hyperbole : A lot of folks used to believe in slavery , and it was an entrenched way of life .
Hell , it was an industry / economy .
I 'm glad folks eventually exercised their right to free speech and got that way of life changed .
( and the atheists are n't even asking for that in their sign -- they just want to have the right to express themselves ... )
Absolutely .
And the atheist sign did nothing to detract from those beliefs .
They did n't hide the nativity scene , mess with the layout , or throw acid at any of the other displays .
Pity their display of belief ( lack of belief IS a belief , you see ) did n't receive the same treatment .
And if one 's customs and beliefs are so easily shaken , that 's on the believer , not the person with the opposing point of view .
If someone do n't want to face that fact , and fights against even having to look at opposing points of view , then they are implicitly saying dissent of any kind really should n't exist .
Gratuitous internet hyperbole : A lot of folks used to believe in slavery , and it was an entrenched way of life .
Hell , it was an industry / economy .
I 'm glad folks eventually exercised their right to free speech and got that way of life changed .( and the atheists are n't even asking for that in their sign -- they just want to have the right to express themselves ... )
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 10:49 AM EST
" And if one 's customs and beliefs are so easily shaken , that 's on the believer , not the person with the opposing point of view . "
Do n't know if you have kids or not .
But , if you did , I 'd imagine you would n't want people countering what you were teaching them all the time .
Especially if you went to see something that was related to your religion ( a Christmas tree for Christmas ) , and there was a sign right next to it arguing against your religion .
I have no problem with freedom of speech , I guess I have a problem of where that speech is taking place .
One of the reason I especially dislike the Westbro Baptist Church ( Do n't get carried away at this statement , I 'm not comparing atheist to those crazy people ) .
If I were an atheist , I would n't like it if Christians put Christmas trees or crosses near one of my signs , or symbols of belief .
QB Ranger January 7 2010 10:54 AM
EST Exactly !
sebidach [ The Forgehood ] January 7 2010 10:56 AM EST
I grew up in eastern Germany , where freedom of speech is n't even guaranteed nowadays .
One has to life with criticism , even if his / her children are involved .
When you switch on television there are a billion more things that might shake children believes , compared to this sign .
And well , if your kids are old enough to read they will know atheism by then .
Destroying such signs and support of these crimes are the roots for totalitarian regimes .
Guess what would happen to such a sign in Iran ?
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 10:57 AM EST
" And well , if your kids are old enough to read they will know atheism by then . "
You 've obviously never been to the bible belt of the US .
MissingNo January 7 2010 11:05 AM
EST
Just because he may or may not have visited some part of America does n't make his points any less legitimate .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 11:05 AM EST
Titan , do n't worry , I 'm not taking anything you say as something to get carried away about or anything -- you 're making good discussion points , and I appreciate it .
If and when I have children ( I do n't now , but that does n't mean I do n't have people in my life that meet the criteria you are going for ) , I will absolutely want multiple viewpoints showed to them , and will strive to be there to help interpret for and teach my child until such time as they can reason for themselves .
A human is going to see dissent eventually -- I 'd love to have it be on an open playing field where the " meta " topic ( free speech ) is made abundantly clear .
That is a wonderful teachable moment !
Now , sure , there are things I will want to shield my child from .
I 'd like them to believe in some magic , like Santa Claus .
I do n't want them to see ghastly violence or death until they are equipped to handle it emotionally .
In other words , I need to make judgment calls on the things that take a while to figure out , or require help in understanding .
I see your closing line as being at odds with the rest of your point , though .
The Christmas tree WAS next to the atheists sign .
If you are saying , " well , the tree was there first " , I an sure you can see how spurious that argument is .
All the atheists would have to do is get there first , and you'd be saying " take that tree down ! " * smile *
For the record , here is what the atheist sign said :
" At the time of the winter solstice , let reason prevail .
There are no gods , no devils , no angels , no heaven or hell .
There is only our natural world .
Religion is just myth and superstition that hardens hearts and enslaves minds . "
None of that is personal , and none of that specifically takes a shot at any one symbol .
They do n't say " Christmas trees are dumb " , or " People who look at nativity scenes suck . "
No ad hominem attacks , and nothing specific .
The closing line is definitely blunt , and subjective , but it is n't libelous .
It is generic opinion , and opinion many , many people ( taxpayers , voters , etc. ) share .
It is also an opinion that will definitely be one aspect of the world I hope to teach my children one day , along with other belief systems .
At that point , the only thing I might lack , if I am honest , would be the maturity and strength not to project my own beliefs on my children , or disparage them for theirs .
I hope I 'm up to the task .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 11:07 AM EST
I think you might be missing Titan 's point , Marl , though I am not entirely sure ...
QB Ranger January 7 2010 11:10 AM
EST
Either way , no matter what this point is , going back to Jir 's statement :
I thought it was very comical and very sarcastic , but rooted in some form of reality .
Not a " stupid " statement as others seem to think .
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 11:10 AM EST
I see your closing line as being at odds with the rest of your point , though .
The Christmas tree WAS next to the atheists sign .
If you are saying , " well , the tree was there first " , I an sure you can see how spurious that argument is .
All the atheists would have to do is get there first , and you'd be saying " take that tree down ! "
I actually was thinking about this , and I have come to this .
If the atheist had up a sign or symbol of something that they held of importance .
I would want a cross , or tree or any other religious symbol , Christian or other , moved .
I just see it as a courtesy .
Although , I guess it should n't really be illegal , I just find it " toolish . "
I actually was thinking about this , and I have come to this .
If the atheist had up a sign or symbol of something that they held of importance .
I would want a cross , or tree or any other religious symbol , Christian or other , moved .
I just see it as a courtesy .
Although , I guess it should n't really be illegal , I just find it " toolish . "
MissingNo January 7 2010 11:16 AM
EST ^ I was just kidding .
I am the real Marlfox .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 11:19 AM
EST Haha !
You dang Marls !
Ranger , I agree " stupid " is a harsh word , I just do n't personally like it ...
But some folks are n't as sensitive as I , and " stupid " does kind of mean " comical " to a lot of people I know .
So , I understand where LB was coming from .
Titan , I am all for courtesy , and yes , there are times when I look at some free speech scenarios and just want to say , " Is this just a cry for help ?
A 'look at me !' scenario ?
Childish ! "
And , if I then look at myself , there is almost ALWAYS something I am projecting about .
People should have the right to say what they want , even if I do n't think it 's worthy or courteous .
I do n't know where that person came from , so I do n't get to decide worth as long as they are n't hurting anyone .
Not to keep banging huge hyperbolic drums ( and not to equate this sign spat with the civil rights movement ) , but I am sure a lot of people thought Rosa Parks was being disrespectful or discourteous on that fateful bus .
I am , however , glad she was so terribly rude .
* smile *
And just FYI , if an atheist threw acid , vandalized , or hid a symbol of belief from some dissenting viewpoint , I 'd be coming down just as hard on that .
This is n't about sides , it 's meta .
It 's about the ideas and rights supporting ALL sides , for me .
{ Wookie} - Jir . Vr - January 7 2010 11:19 AM EST
Oh wow .
Well I 'm glad at least one person got it . :S
QB Ranger January 7 2010 11:26 AM
EST
Sut ,
There is such a thing as respect .
I am Jewish .
But if the town of Davie ( where I live ) has a large Xmas tree in the middle of a park , I would not rant and rave until they put a Menorah right next to it .
I would ask perhaps that a Menorah be put somewhere to celebrate my religion as well .
But out of respect , I would not insist that all views , including one that decries all religions as false be right next to said tree .
We as a society have become so stupidily politically correct .
This is yet another example of things taken too far .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 11:41 AM
EST
Ranger , you keep using the term " PC " in ways I have honestly never seen it used .
This has nothing to do with being PC .
It has to do with the Constitution .
And you 're straw - manning a bit .
The atheists with signs were not " ranting and raving " .
In fact , the article says nothing about the atheists asking for special privileges or help .
They did n't ask for the man messing with their sign to be escorted out -- the security guards took care of that , highlighted by this quote about policy from a State spokesman ( Haupt ) :
" It does n't matter how we feel about the message on a display , " Haupt said .
" Our obligation is to protect the property within the state Capitol building , and we would do the same for any other display . "
Haupt has crystallized the whole thing right there , and the security guards acted 100 % appropriately .
If not , it would have been entirely fine for anyone to go and rip down the Christmas tree or steal the Baby Jesus , too .
And the other displays did include a menorah , but I 'm guessing no one " ranted and raved " for the State to put it up .
The Jewish community in the area simply exercised their right to display their beliefs in a public place ( just like the atheists ) .
That 's not " hate speech " or " mocking " , as the article quotes the sign - messer as stating .
And let 's not forget , respect and courtesy have nothing ( necessarily ) to do with the law .
The law is about basic rights , life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
Do you think requiring the police to get a search warrant is being " too PC " ?
After all , if you 've got nothing to hide , you 've got nothing to worry about , right ?
Demanding a warrant is a hogwash technicality , so dang PC !
Anyone demanding a warrant must be a criminal , using a PC mindset to get their way .
" Constitutional " is not the same as " politically correct . "
The link you yourself posted is about Constitutional rights .
Salketer [ big bucks ]
January 7 2010 1:56 PM
EST
To answer The Aftermath 's question , GodMode is simply a folder displaying a link to almost all the windows 's preference / setting windows ...
From " Network Diagnostic " to " Programs and features " passing by Ease of access options .
The only real use I can see is to be able to open some settings window when you do n't remember how to access it .
If you remember the auto - login trick on windows XP :
To make windows stop asking for your username and password uppon windows ' start even if there was no password , the only way to access the right window was to use the ' run ' option and type " control userpasswords2 " .
It would then open a window for you to change the settings .
If XP had godmode , that window would be easier to access with it .
It does not give more access to more stuff or something .
Simply unhide some options you might have n't found yet .
Lord Bob January 7 2010 3:17 PM
EST
Actually it was a very intelligent and very astute post .
No , it was stupid .
Ranger , why would you think that response was particularly " astute " ( except to try to get under LB 's skin ) ?
Partially that .
The rest is because Ranger thinks free speech only applies to religious conservatives , as evidenced by that ridiculously biased article he posted .
That bum was escorted from the Illinois State Capitol ?
Excellent !
Now if only an Illinois atheist would make a stand and to the same thing the bum did do the nativity scene to make a point about equality in free speech .
Why does a Christmas display have to have an atheists ' poster decrying religion ?
Why does an atheist display have to have a religious one next to it ?
Another example of Ranger 's " only WE can get what we want ! "
Do n't know if you have kids or not .
But , if you did , I 'd imagine you would n't want people countering what you were teaching them all the time .
If I had kids , I would n't want a nativity scene countering what I was teaching them all the time .
Yet another " only WE can get what we want ! " post .
I guess I have a problem of where that speech is taking place .
Exactly !
The tree and the nativity are on PUBLIC property paid by our tax dollars .
If you do n't want to represent the beliefs of all those taxpayers , including those who reject the lie of gods , then you can't put your display up either .
If the atheist had up a sign or symbol of something that they held of importance .
I would want a cross , or tree or any other religious symbol , Christian or other , moved .
I would imagine the capital had a specific area set aside to display religious ( or not ) displays during the holidays .
A separate section for every religion ( or not , again ) would have been a bit intrusive and possibly disruptive to the day to day activities within the building .
Not to mention , brings to mind the old phrase " separate but equal " and all the non-equality it brought .
" Sure , we 'll display your atheist poster away from the others .. right in the basement ! "
if an atheist threw acid , vandalized , or hid a symbol of belief from some dissenting viewpoint , I 'd be coming down just as hard on that .
* nods *
That just is n't the way we do things .
We 're going for equal representation , and recognition of our free speech here .
We 're not trying to take away everybody else's .
Anyway , since anti-atheist jokes are now officially kosher on these forums , let 's see if free speech swings the other way as well , shall we ?
Why could Jesus walk on water ?
Because crap floats .
How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb ?
One to change it and hundreds to see the light .
Why was Jesus a lucky guy ?
cause he got nailed three times in one night !
And one for Ranger :
Why are Jews noses so big ?
Cause air is free !
( P.S. : These jokes suck .
I could n't find anything that was actually funny .
But if Jirayia can do it , so can I . )
Hmm , lots to respond to here ... No , it was stupid .
Partially that .
The rest is because Ranger thinks free speech only applies to religious conservatives , as evidenced by that ridiculously biased article he posted .
That bum was escorted from the Illinois State Capitol ?
Excellent !
Now if only an Illinois atheist would make a stand and to the same thing the bum did do the nativity scene to make a point about equality in free speech .
Why does an atheist display have to have a religious one next to it ?
Another example of Ranger 's " only WE can get what we want !
"
If I had kids , I would n't want a nativity scene countering what I was teaching them all the time .
Yet another " only WE can get what we want ! " post .
Exactly !
The tree and the nativity are on PUBLIC property paid by our tax dollars .
If you do n't want to represent the beliefs of all those taxpayers , including those who reject the lie of gods , then you can't put your display up either .
I would imagine the capital had a specific area set aside to display religious ( or not ) displays during the holidays .
A separate section for every religion ( or not , again ) would have been a bit intrusive and possibly disruptive to the day to day activities within the building .
Not to mention , brings to mind the old phrase " separate but equal " and all the non-equality it brought .
" Sure , we 'll display your atheist poster away from the others .. right in the basement ! " * nods *
That just is n't the way we do things .
We 're going for equal representation , and recognition of our free speech here .
We 're not trying to take away everybody else 's .
Anyway , since anti-atheist jokes are now officially kosher on these forums , let 's see if free speech swings the other way as well , shall we ?
Why could Jesus walk on water ?
Because crap floats .
How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb ?
One to change it and hundreds to see the light .
Why was Jesus a lucky guy ?
cause he got nailed three times in one night !
And one for Ranger : Why are Jews noses so big ?
Cause air is free !( P.S. : These jokes suck .
I could n't find anything that was actually funny .
But if Jirayia can do it , so can I. )
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 3:20 PM EST
If I had kids , I would n't want a nativity scene countering what I was teaching them all the time .
My point .
My point .
Lord Bob January 7 2010 3:24 PM
EST
Titan , I was actually just pointing out the flaw in your argument .
I do n't want kids , and if I did I would take Sut 's approach .
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 3:25 PM EST ^
That was not Sut 's point .
Sut said he * would * want the nativity scene there .
QB Ranger January 7 2010 3:27 PM
EST LB ,
The other points aside , your calling Jir 's post stupid just shows who really is stupid .
I understood Jir's joke and thought it was exceptionally funny .
Instead of calling Jir stupid , perhaps next time post that you do not fully understand sarcastic humor .
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 3:32 PM
EST Question to atheist out there : Did you find Jir 's comments insulting ?
( Just want to know )
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 3:35 PM
EST
No , I said I would utilize two disparate views hitting my kid in the face as a good thing -- teachable moment .
That does n't mean I am ASKING for that ( do n't worry , unless I put a blindfold on the kid , the world will provide me with PLENTY of such teachable moments ! )
Please do n't mis-quote or mis-understand me on that .
I do n't require a nativity scene , and I do n't require an atheist sign .
In fact , I 'm a minimalist -- if I had my way , NONE of it would be there .
Quit jacking around and let 's all get to work , the less crap we have all over the place , the less there is to protect / distract / etc .
But it 's all or nothing , and we 've settled on " all " because of the Constitution of the United States of America .
It really is as simple as that .
LB is pointing out that if the nativity scene folks do n't want the atheist sign there , then an atheist should raise a huge stink about the nativity scene being next to the sig as a contraposition .
As we already agreed ( I thought , anyway ) , that would just reduce to a " whoever got their first wins " methodology , and so that methodology has to be thrown out .
Mind you , if the " whoever is there first , all others please respectfully do not display " style of thought is desired , then atheism wins .
By definition , it was " there first " in every way , shape , or form .
Admin Titan [ The Sky Forge ] January 7 2010 3:37 PM EST
Yeah , I like the who's there first approach , that 's not me and I do n't think it should be used as a law .
But personally , that 's what I would enforce , even if I went to jail XD .
( and I would enforce it for all sides , b/c I 'm not a tool )
Lord Bob January 7 2010 3:38 PM
EST
That was not Sut 's point .
Sut said he * would * want the nativity scene there .
I did n't say that was Sut 's point .
I said if I had kids , and hopefully never will , I 'd take his approach to child raising .
I posted what I did to make a point on how religious folks seem to think they have the monopoly on free speech and the right to be offensive .
The other points aside , your calling Jir 's post stupid just shows who really is stupid .
Yes , not me .
I understood Jir's joke and thought it was exceptionally funny .
Well , it was n't .
Instead of calling Jir stupid , perhaps next time post that you do not fully understand sarcastic humor .
That would have to be true , so instead I 'll just call it as I see it , which is what I do now .
And since you can't read - as we 've previously established in other threads - I now have to point out that I did n't call Jir stupid .
I called his comment stupid .
Maybe if one could throw a stone around here without hitting a conservative 's nonsensical ravings I would have let it go .
But I made very clear a few months ago that any slam against liberals or atheists will be met with my response .
I did n't say that was Sut 's point .
I said if I had kids , and hopefully never will , I 'd take his approach to child raising .
I posted what I did to make a point on how religious folks seem to think they have the monopoly on free speech and the right to be offensive .
Yes , not me .
Well , it was n't .
That would have to be true , so instead I 'll just call it as I see it , which is what I do now .
And since you can't read - as we 've previously established in other threads - I now have to point out that I did n't call Jir stupid .
I called his comment stupid .
Maybe if one could throw a stone around here without hitting a conservative 's nonsensical ravings I would have let it go .
But I made very clear a few months ago that any slam against liberals or atheists will be met with my response .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 3:39 PM
EST
Titan , it is pretty clear LB did , by my interpretation , though he never actually even used the word " insulting " .
As for me , I am not an atheist -- I do n't even care enough to be agnostic , so I do n't know what you 'd call me .
I guess I 'm a passive atheist then .
In any case , I did put Jir 's comment in my " sort of ridiculous " box in my head , and actually found Ranger 's remark even more ridiculous once I read what he had linked ( since it has nothing to do with political correctness , as he keeps insisting ) .
And like I said up further , some people equate " ridiculous " or " inane " with " stupid . "
LB is not calling Jir stupid , he is calling the comment stupid , a word which runs the gamut from extremely insulting to some people to " who cares " for others .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 3:44 PM
EST
Yeah , I like the who's there first approach , that 's not me and I do n't think it should be used as a law .
But personally , that 's what I would enforce , even if I went to jail XD .
( and I would enforce it for all sides , b/c I 'm not a tool )
Like I said , then all beliefs would have to be pushed out in favor of atheism , as it is the void that was there first .
You ca n't go by " who was there first " in regards to something seasonal or area - based .
Are you saying the Christians , Jews , and Atheists would need to wait in line and camp out to see who gets in the Capitol first for these holiday displays ?
You can't be serious .
A " get there first " mentality is simply unenforceable , and therefore the " let it all stand together " approach is taken .
The last thing we need is more bureaucracy in regards to trying to help people co-exist .
Such bureaucracy would serve only to legitimize intolerance and cause even more finger pointing .
Like I said , then all beliefs would have to be pushed out in favor of atheism , as it is the void that was there first .
You ca n't go by " who was there first " in regards to something seasonal or area - based .
Are you saying the Christians , Jews , and Atheists would need to wait in line and camp out to see who gets in the Capitol first for these holiday displays ?
You can't be serious .
A " get there first " mentality is simply unenforceable , and therefore the " let it all stand together " approach is taken .
The last thing we need is more bureaucracy in regards to trying to help people co-exist .
Such bureaucracy would serve only to legitimize intolerance and cause even more finger pointing .
Lord Bob January 7 2010 3:46 PM
EST Question to atheist out there : Did you find Jir 's comments insulting ?
I found it to be a cheap jab .
He could have said " it was just a joke " and I would have posted my approval then went on to have a shot of Jack .
His second post cemented in my mind that it was a slam and not harmless humor .
In fact , I 'm a minimalist -- if I had my way , NONE of it would be there .
Agreed .
I 'd rather both of the displays go away and people keep their religion private .
But if you get to display yours , we get to display ours .
Oh , and just so you all know , this atheist celebrates Christmas .
I have no problem with trees , I just want equal rights and representation .
LB is pointing out that if the nativity scene folks do n't want the atheist sign there , then an atheist should raise a huge stink about the nativity scene being next to the sig as a contraposition .
You make my points so much better than I do .
I 'm not a tool .
You are most definitely not a tool !
I found it to be a cheap jab .
He could have said " it was just a joke " and I would have posted my approval then went on to have a shot of Jack .
His second post cemented in my mind that it was a slam and not harmless humor .
Agreed .
I 'd rather both of the displays go away and people keep their religion private .
But if you get to display yours , we get to display ours .
Oh , and just so you all know , this atheist celebrates Christmas .
I have no problem with trees , I just want equal rights and representation .
You make my points so much better than I do .
You are most definitely not a tool !
QB Ranger January 7 2010 3:47 PM
EST Sut ,
You need to read more than the title of that article .
I thought you knew that , but my bad I guess .
The fact that the aethiests insisted to put a poster decrying organized religion next to a christmas display reeks of political correctness .
Instead of letting people celebrate Christmas and the holidays , including Chanukah and Kwanzaa etc.. , they put up a stink , threatened lawsuits so that they can put up a posted insulting religions .
The link I posted was part of that controversy .
I got Jir 's joke , and again , thought it very smart and funny .
For LB to say it was stupid shows how myopic he can be .
Lord Bob January 7 2010 3:52 PM
EST
The fact that the aethiests insisted to put a poster decrying organized religion next to a christmas display reeks of political correctness .
The fact that you think religious people can put up a display and we can't reeks of self - importance and , yes it 's true , bigotry .
> I got Jir 's joke , and again , thought it very smart and funny .
What did you think of my Jew joke ?
The fact that you think religious people can put up a display and we can't reeks of self - importance and , yes it 's true , bigotry .
>I got Jir 's joke , and again , thought it very smart and funny .
What did you think of my Jew joke ?
QB Ranger January 7 2010 3:59 PM
EST
I thought your Jew joke was just as distasteful as your comment about Jir .
Unappreciated Misnomer January 7 2010 4:00 PM
EST WOW SORRY I CREATED THIS THREAD .
I figured something new for pc users to explore , its jsut another control panel with more options , please if its not about my topic talk amongst yourself or get a debate thread .
For what its worth some people have way too much time and a bit of frustration from life and drives them to eat at each other .
QB Ranger January 7 2010 4:00 PM
EST LB ,
The only reason they put up that poster was because of the xmas display .
That fails the smell test .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 4:02 PM
EST
Ranger ,
First of all , I would like you to apologize to me for lying in a public forum about my behavior .
I did read the whole article , as my eloquent responses and quotations clearly indicate .
Additionally , I searched the text for the string " political " and " correct " and found none .
So , in reading the article , in full , I found nothing that relates to political correctness except your strange , entirely inaccurate definition thereof which apparently links " PC " to anything you damn well want to link it to .
The Capitol security guards were not being politically correct .
They were enforcing the Constitution .
If you think they were merely being PC , then you are stating that every previously segregated area during the civil rights struggle was merely being PC when it decided to start letting blacks in .
After all , many places did not want to do so .
They did so because they were told by legislation .
And the Constitution is the ultimate legislation .
Do you believe the civil rights struggle was just one big " political correct " fiasco ?
I also searched the article ( and let 's not forget this is an article you linked us to , somehow believing it has something to do with being PC ) for " law " , " suit " , and " su " ( in case I missed some word related to " sue " ) .
I did n't find anything .
No one was suing anyone , and the atheists were not the ones ranting , raving , or anything about this .
Their sign does absolutely nothing to stop other people from enjoying the holidays .
So , after you apologize , maybe you can explain what you are talking about ?
Lord Bob January 7 2010 4:04 PM
EST
I thought your Jew joke was just as distasteful as your comment about Jir .
Surprise surprise .
* rolls eyes *
WOW SORRY I CREATED THIS THREAD .
No , do n't be !
It was excellent information for PC users .
It 's not your fault a bloody conservative decided to spew his preachy bile all over the thread .
The only reason they put up that poster was because of the xmas display .
That fails the smell test .
No , that passes the smell test .
As noted several times on this thread , that was the entire point .
Did you read this line : Agreed .
I 'd rather both of the displays go away and people keep their religion private .
But if you get to display yours , we get to display ours .
No , probably not .
Surprise surprise .* rolls eyes * No , do n't be !
It was excellent information for PC users .
It 's not your fault a bloody conservative decided to spew his preachy bile all over the thread .
No , that passes the smell test .
As noted several times on this thread , that was the entire point .
Did you read this line :
No , probably not .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 4:05 PM EST
The only reason they put up that poster was because of the xmas display .
That fails the smell test .
Wow , you truly must be a god among men .
You can read minds now ?
You can divine what all of us are thinking and why we do what we do ?
Can you tell what I 'm thinking right now ?
I hope so .
Wow , you truly must be a god among men .
You can read minds now ?
You can divine what all of us are thinking and why we do what we do ?
Can you tell what I 'm thinking right now ?
I hope so .
{ Wookie} - Jir . Vr - January 7 2010 4:12 PM
EST
I 'll take a guess and say Sut is thinking about ... pizza ....?
= )
Seriously guys , all this ??
really ?
Lord Bob January 7 2010 4:16 PM
EST
I 'll take a guess and say Sut is thinking about ... pizza ....?
.. I am . ..I am .
QB sutekh137 January 7 2010 4:16 PM
EST Yep .
All of it .
Thread will probably get locked , but I do n't care .
I 'm not going to let Ranger go around telling flat - out lies about me or the article he himself posted the link for .
I read the article fully , it has nothing to do with political correctness , and the atheists in the article were not threatening anyone with vandalism , exclusion , or lawsuits .
Pizza does sound good , though .
* smile *
Admin Shade January 7 2010 5:00 PM
EST
So pizza it will be .
the original creator of this thread friendly asked me to close this , as some people already had thought it was going to .
Why do people have to go off - topic so easily ?
This thread is closed to new posts .
It 's been talked about , and seemingly everyone knows it goes on , but one of the darkest hidden secrets of prison life - sexual assaults behind bars - has finally been measured to some degree , in groundbreaking new research .
The study of 150 male ex-inmates of prisons in and around the Perth metropolitan area was done by researchers Dot Goulding and Brian Steels from Murdoch University 's Social and Community Research Centre , who say it is the first such study of its kind in WA .
Its findings showed 54 per cent of the inmates had " knowledge " of sexual assaults in prisons , 23.3 per cent had been " placed under pressure " to provide unwanted sexual acts and 14 per cent had been sexually assaulted .
Four per cent admitted to " predatory " sexual behaviour , and two - thirds of those said they had been previously sexually assaulted themselves in prison .
Another 4.6 per cent were " unsure " if sexual assaults occurred in jails , while 2.6 per cent said such assaults did not happen behind bars .
Seven male and four female prison officers were also interviewed , and all agreed prison rapes occurred .
Three of the female officers said rapes happened regularly and not enough support was offered for prisoners or officers .
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela will switch off lights for hours at a time in Caracas and other cities such as oil town Maracaibo in planned blackouts to tackle power shortages that threaten President Hugo Chavez ’s support .
Officials announced the nationwide electricity rationing lasting at least until May on Tuesday and said even schools and small health clinics would be hit in South America ’s top oil exporter .
Venezuela mostly depends on hydroelectricity for its power and has been hard hit by a drought Chavez blames on the El Nino weather phenomenon .
“ The rationing is at a national level and is for four hours every 48 hours , ” said Javier Alvarado , president of the Caracas Electricity corporation , which was nationalized in 2007 and previously belonged to U.S. company AES .
One of the cities to be hit by the new electricity rationing is Maracaibo , the country ’s second largest town and the capital of oil heartland Zulia .
Lights went out there on Tuesday from 3 p.m. ( 2:30 p.m. EST ) .
The blackouts are planned by city district .
However , they should not affect vital oil fields and refineries , which mostly have their own generators .
Major city services , like hospitals and trains , will also not be affected .
Venezuelans are already suffering widespread water rationing and increased power cuts and could punish the socialist president for the problems in September elections for lawmakers .
Chavez must navigate a number of issues , including price rises after a devaluation and high crime , if he is to maintain his approval ratings above 50 percent this year .
Venezuela enlisted Cuban help to “ bomb ” clouds with chemicals last month in an attempt to artificially trigger rainfall over the South American nation ’s largest reservoir and main power source , the vast Guri Dam .
Alvarado said water levels at the Dam dropped by 9 meters ( 30 feet ) to 261 meters above sea level last year .
Energy production is diminished as the water level falls .
The dams turbines are located at 240 meters above sea level .
Critics blame the government for not investing enough in the national grid since Chavez took office 11 years ago .
The president say previous government made critical errors by building most of the nations energy infrastructure on one river that is affected by rainfall .
C -SPAN is now not the only major news organization to make a formal request that talks on health - care - reform legislation occur in the open , as promised by President Obama during the 2008 presidential campaign .
The American Society of News Editors ( ASNE ) on Tuesday demanded “ more openness and transparency ” over the massive , $ 900 billion legislation , known in its current form as as “ America ’s Affordable Health Care Act of 2009 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . ”
The group — which represents high - profile leaders of multimedia news organizations , journalism - school deans and First Amendment experts — is criticized what it called “ back - room negotiations ” over health care that should take place in full , open committee proceedings .
“ We have been monitoring these bills in the House and the Senate and evaluating our members ’ needs in terms of gathering news and information they can use to inform the public , ” said ASNE President Martin Kaiser .
“ It is now clear that there is an inexcusable level of secrecy surrounding this landmark legislation , especially as the current proceedings are likely to produce the final version presented to all members of Congress .
To so profoundly affect the American public through closed - door proceedings is an affront to one of the core values of democracy , ” Mr. Kaiser said .
Public trust is at stake , the group says .
“ Openness is not a partisan matter ; in fact , it ’s quite the opposite , often serving as one of the uniquely unifying factors for those with differing views , ” Mr. Kaiser added .
Both the House and Senate have passed health - care - reform bills .
But they differ in many ways , and the chambers ’ leaders have to iron out those differences in conference committee , a process usually done behind closed doors .
Mr. Obama the candidate promised that , under his administration , such discussions would take place in the open to prevent Washington back - door horse - trading .
The White House since has backed away from that .
Concern for the public also motivated C - SPAN Chairman and CEO Brian Lamb to play hardball .
In a Dec. 30 letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Minority Leader John A. Boehner , Mr. Lamb also issued a formal request that Congress shed light on health - care negotiations and open the talks up to media coverage .
“ President Obama , Senate and House leaders , many of your rank - and - file members , and the nation ’s editorial pages have all talked about the value of transparent discussions on reforming the nation ’s health care system , ” he wrote .
“ Now that the process moves to the critical stage of reconciliation between the Chambers , we respectfully request that you allow the public full access , through television , to legislation that will affect the lives of every single American , ” Mr. Lamb wrote .
The president clearly vowed such transparency on the campaign trail during the 2008 presidential election , a fact made painfully clear in a video montage that showed Mr. Obama vowing that all discussions about health - care reform would take place before the nation .
Americans are in favor of an open legislative process .
For example , a survey conducted by the Palm Beach Post found that 91 percent of the respondents backed televising the negotiations .
The Houston Chronicle was among other news organizations requesting the same thing .
“ Count our voice among the growing chorus in favor of opening the final debate and negotiations over health care reform to C - SPAN ’s cameras .
This is not simply making good on a campaign promise by President Barack Obama ; it is the right thing to do , ” the newspaper said in a Jan. 15 editorial .
ASNE appears willing to be satisfied even with minimum exposure .
“ While we prefer the maximum openness of televised debate that allows direct and unfettered access for everyone , we hope that , at a minimum , the rest of Congress ’ work is done in on - the - record , open committee meetings that allow for press coverage and public attendance , ” the group said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll has been voted as Rugby World magazine 's player of the decade .
The Leinster centre announced his arrival on the world stage in 2000 with a stunning hat - trick in Ireland 's Six Nations victory over France in Paris .
O'Driscoll finished the decade captaining Ireland to their first Grand Slam in 61 years and playing an instrumental role in Leinster 's long - awaited Heineken Cup triumph .
A three - time nominee for the International Rugby Board 's world player of the year , O'Driscoll played on three British and Irish Lions tours , including one as captain .
The Rugby World team of the decade includes three members of England 's 2003 World Cup - winning team in Martin Johnson , Richard Hill and Jason Robinson .
Rugby World team of the decade : M Muliana ( New Zealand ) ; J Robinson ( England ) , B O'Driscoll ( Ireland ) , M Giteau ( Australia ) ; D Carter ( New Zealand ) , A Pichot ( Argentina ) ; G Jenkins ( Wales ) , J Smit ( South Africa ) , C Hayman ( New Zealand ) , M Johnson ( England , capt ) , V Matfield ( South Africa ) , R Hill ( England ) , R McCaw ( New Zealand ) , S Parisse ( Italy ) .
Replacements : R Roncero ( Argentina ) , M Ledesma ( Argentina ) , S Marconnet ( France ) , JM Fernandez Lobbe ( Argentina ) , F Du Preez ( South Africa ) , J Wilkinson ( England ) , Y Jauzion ( France ) , JM Hernandez ( Argentina ) .
PA Media
After a concert mishap lands
Dave in the hospital , Alvin , Simon , and Theodore end up in the care of Dave 's twenty - something cousin Toby .
The Chipmunks put aside their stardom to return to school to win an annual " Battle of the Bands " competition to save the school 's music program , but they meet their match with the Chipettes : Brittany , Jeanette , and Eleanor , who work for the Chipmunks ' ex-manager , Ian Hawke .
The Chipmunks and the Chipettes square off ; romantic sparks and crazy mishaps ensue .
Nissan has become one of the first non-U.S. based automakers to receive funding from the Department of Energy ( DOE ) Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Incentive Program established back in 2007 .
The program , which set aside $ 25 billion to help fund the development and manufacture of a new generation of hybrid and electric vehicle technologies , has so far funded the likes of Tesla and Fisker Automotive , as well as major domestic automakers like Ford , but now it 's backing Japanese automaker Nissan and its 2011 Leaf electric vehicle .
There is a catch , however .
The catch is that Nissan will build the Leaf at its plant in Smyrna , Tennessee and create some 1,300 - odd U.S. jobs in the process .
Additionally , Nissan will also use the plant to start building lithium - ion batteries .
Speaking at a press conference at the 2010 Washington Auto Show today , Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu awarded Nissan with a $ 1.4 billion loan to support the modification of the Smyrna plant later this year to start building up to 150,000 Leaf EVs annually .
The 2011 Nissan Leaf is tipped to go on sale towards the end of the year and cost around $ 25,000 to $ 30,000 , and according to the automaker it guarantees a range of over 100 miles on a single charge .
Additionally , the zero-emission vehicle should provide reasonable performance , on par with other cars in the economy hatchback class , and its electric battery pack can generate output of up to 120 horsepower while its electric motor delivers 107 horsepower of output and 206 pound - feet of torque -- figures typical of many smaller and medium - sized cars .
For more details , including driving impressions , check out our preview story by clicking here .
[ Wired ]
Image by Sam Rohn , flickr.com/photos /nylocations/
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A recent study published in the journal Psychological Science has found our concept of time is distorted , and we consistently underestimate how much time has passed since events in the past , condensing the time .
The researchers , led by Dr. Gal Zauberman , Associate Professor of Marketing at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania , wondered why events that occurred at about the same time can feel more or less distant .
Previous research had suggested that characteristics pertaining to the event itself could influence the time estimate , so Zauberman and his team decided to focus on the characteristics of the time interval following the event to see how they influenced the perception of time .
They tested university students to find out how accurately they could estimate when news events had occurred .
Events included the appointment of US Federal Reserve chairman Ben S. Bernanke and Britney Spears shaving her head .
They found the students underestimated the time passed since the events by , on average , three months , and that the estimate depended on the extent of memories of related events that have occurred since .
The more details students had of related events in the interval , the longer ago the event seemed to have occurred .
Dr Zauberman said it seems that people have trouble understanding the passage of time , and we need to " latch onto something we do understand " in order to comprehend it .
This may explain , for example , why children we rarely see seem to grow up faster than those we see every day -- because there are fewer intervening memories -- and so the time seems condensed .
It may also explain why goals that are not acted upon seem to have been made a short time ago , while those that were acted upon seem to have been made in the more distant past .
The research also suggests the sensation of passing time depends on what you think about and how , and this means that we actually have more control of our perception of time than previously thought , and focusing on our achievements rather than our lack of action on our goals makes time seem to have passed more slowly .
The paper , by Zauberman and colleagues Jonathan Levav , Kristin Diehl , and Rajesh Bhargave , was published in the December 2009 issue of the Psychological Science journal .
( Ben S. Bernanke was sworn in on February 1 , 2006 ; Britney Spears shaved her head on February 16 , 2007 . )
Explore further Making the most of it : Study reveals motivating factor for enjoying the present
More information : " 1995 Feels So Close Yet So Far " , Gal Zauberman et al. , Psychological Science , doi:10.1177/0956797609356420 " 1995 Feels So Close Yet So Far " , Gal Zauberman et al. ,
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Lessons from Avatar for Chinese directors By Yu Deqing ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-01-15 10:51
Avatar has taken the shine off Chinese blockbusters .
The movie soon swept the world to earn $ 1.1 billion .
But Chinese film makers only made 6.2 billion yuan after using all kinds of marketing tricks .
It is reported that Chinese film makers fell silent after watching Avatar , with almost nobody wanting to make a comment .
The Chinese film market has experienced a period of prosperity in these years since the box office incomes have increased at more than 20 percent each year .
Both the number and revenue of our domestic films have constantly broken records .
It is said that altogether 50 films will premiere during the Chinese New Year .
Moreover , the Huayi Brothers Media Group successfully went public in 2009 to lead in solving the financing problem that has disturbed the Chinese film industry for years .
However , the release of Avatar was a major blow to the confidence of Chinese film makers .
One critical reason why Avatar was shown in China two weeks later than overseas was that the publisher China Film Group Corporation aimed to help its own movie Bodyguards and Assassins .
But Avatar still had proved to overshadow the domestic blockbusters .
Some time ago , the main opinion in the Chinese film industry was " the box office has the final say on a film " .
We do n't know if the Chinese directors have acknowledged their defeat now that Avatar has gained tremendous popularity in China , with box office incomes reaching $ 100 million .
In fact , the quality of a film is not necessarily judged by the box office as film directors and audiences all have their own judgment .
Although the plot of Avatar is not new , the production is unprecedentedly sophisticated .
It can be imagined that we could not see a splendid planet - Pandora without extremely careful production .
Thus , Avatar has not only set a good example for the Chinese film industry but also embarrassed our directors , who lack professional ethics .
They are not ashamed of making poor films .
Instead , they take pride in playing jokes on their audiences .
We do n't expect our Chinese directors can become models of artistic innovation overnight .
Maybe they should learn from James Cameron for his conscientious work attitude as well as his innovative spirit in promoting the technical development .
Avatar would be a good motivation for them to learn .
( Excerpts of a commentary that appeared in Beijing News on Jan 14 . )
The three men have been found guilty of terror charges A British Muslim has been convicted of conspiring to murder civilians in a " deadly terrorist attack " .
Adam Khatib , 23 , a factory worker from Walthamstow , east London , was part of a terror cell run from Pakistan .
The cell was led by Abdullah Ahmed Ali , convicted of plotting to blow up transatlantic passenger airliners .
Co-defendant Nabeel Hussain was found guilty of engaging in preparing terror acts and Shamin Uddin was convicted of possessing terror items , namely a CD .
Deputy Assistant Commissioner John McDowall , head of the Metropolitan Police 's counter terrorism command , said Khatib was a " footsoldier to Abdullah Ahmed Ali " .
Uddin , 39 , of Stoke Newington , north London , was also charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist acts but cleared by the court .
Hussain , 25 , of Chingford , east London , was found guilty of preparing for terrorism by meeting Ali twice in July 2006 .
An e-mail to Khatib was used as evidence in court
Enlarge Image
He was also found guilty of possessing several items , namely a will , mobile phones and a £ 25,000 loan application , for use in terrorism .
Khatib was convicted by a majority of 11 jurors to one following an eight - week trial at Woolwich Crown Court in London .
Mr Justice Calvert - Smith adjourned sentencing until Thursday .
Khatib , who was a teenager when he was arrested , was a " loyal partner and servant " to Ali , travelling with him to Pakistan .
Teenage outbursts Prosecutor Peter Wright QC said : " Khatib may not have been informed of the ultimate target , namely passenger aircraft ... all that was required of him was an agreement to play his part in bringing about the murder of others . "
The court heard that Khatib had became fascinated by radical Islam as a teenager .
Just keep out of trouble cos we are nearly there ...
I am having doubts about ur love
E-mail to Khatib
UK bomb plotter agreed to murder Signing one of his school assignments " Adam Osama Bin Laden , " Khatib became a cause for concern to teachers worried about his increasingly extreme views , including anti-Semitic outbursts in the classroom .
After leaving school he befriended Ali , who is six years older .
Ali egged on his younger charge and in June 2005 he took him to Pakistan .
Khatib , who has a Mauritian father and British mother , told the court he was curious to see the world .
Though it is not known what the two did during their time in Pakistan , Mr Wright told Woolwich Crown Court : " They may have been home - grown but the direction of these young men came from Pakistan . "
' Extremely volatile '
They were there at the same time as Assad Sarwar , who is now serving a life sentence for his part as the chief bomb - maker in the conspiracy .
Sarwar admitted learning to make bombs in Pakistan .
Soon after Ali and Khatib returned to the UK , the plot became operational .
Khatib carried out " methodical , systematic " internet research into the properties of hexamine peroxide , one of the ingredients which Ali planned to use to make improvised explosives disguised in soft drink bottles .
In typed notes Khatib warned his fellow plotters to : " be extremely careful : the powder is extremely volatile and any contact could cause an explosion and when it explodes , it makes a high - pitch popping sound " .
Khatib was also e-mailed by the leaders of the plot in Pakistan .
Their discussions were heavily coded to disguise their true meaning .
Adam Khatib went to school in east London
On the face of it they look like lovers ' chat but the references to a marriage are thought to be code for the planned attack .
In one e-mail Khatib , who is addressed as " babe " and has the username " charminghardnut " , is told " keep out of trouble cos u will give my dad a heart attack !!!!!!!!!!
What on earth gave u an idea about callin off the marriage !
I would never do that . "
Elsewhere he is told " sort urself out otherwise our marriage will be going down the toilet !!!!!!!
just keep out of trouble cos we are nearly there ...
I am having doubts about ur love !!!! "
This is thought to have been an expression of concern about Khatib 's behaviour .
He had just received a community order for driving whilst disqualified and so risked drawing the attention of the police .
In fact , unknown to them , some of the cell members were already on MI5 's radar .
In the summer of 2006 , a covert police and MI5 surveillance team installed a hidden recording device and a camera in an empty flat Ali was using as his bomb factory .
Jihadi videos Khatib was one of the few men allowed access into what prosecutors described as the " inner sanctum " at Forest Road , Walthamstow , where Ali and his right - hand man Tanvir Hussain experimented with prototype detonators .
Ali and Hussain also used the flat to record their chilling suicide videos , justifying the planned attack .
Hussain 's will was also used in court
Enlarge Image
In his , Ali spoke of " floods of martyr operations " against non-Muslims which would scatter " your people 's body parts " across the streets .
During the three years since his arrest , Khatib has maintained he did not know what Ali was plotting .
In custody he claimed not to hold extreme views and even turned down an offer of a copy of the Koran , saying he would prefer a Famous Five book by Enid Blyton .
But police believed this was a ruse to disguise his real views .
At his home officers found jihadi videos including the recorded last will and testament of one of the 9/11 bombers .
The jury has agreed with the prosecution that this was a man " who is wholly subscribed to a violent agenda " .
DAC McDowall said : " Adam Khatib may not have known the full extent of the plan being hatched by his co-conspirators , but he certainly knew that they had murder in mind .
" He was a footsoldier to Abdullah Ahmed Ali and was actively involved in a conspiracy to attack innocent members of the public .
" Nabeel Hussain assisted Ali and his cohorts in preparing for acts of terrorism .
Both men are committed terrorists who met
Ali when he was furthering his plans to blow up transatlantic aircraft .
" Hussain even contemplated losing his life in an act of martyrdom and had made a will expressing a willingness to die a violent death . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This was all from responses sent in onand to our email .
Happy New Year everyone !
The word forte ( pronounced “ fort ” ) is a French word meaning “ strength ” that is used in English to refer to one ’s talent or ability .
Example : English is my forte .
This word is often mispronounced “ FOR - tay ” because it is confused with the Italian word forte ( pronounced “ FOR - tay ” ) .
The words are spelled the same but have different pronunciations and meanings .
If you play a musical instrument , you will probably recognize the Italian word as a term meaning “ loud . ”
When referring to ability , the correct pronunciation is “ fort , ” but in music , it is always “ FOR - tay . ”
Big news on the Do n’t Ask Don’t Tell repeal front , and none of it good .
The NYT reported in Friday morning ’s paper that the Pentagon memo that leaked yesterday from the Chairman of the Joint Chief ’s office was not just some “ legal memo , ” as was first reported .
It was a draft proposal for the position the Joint Chiefs should take with regards to the President ’s promise to repeal DADT .
And the proposal was : “ not now . ”
The second big thing we learned in the NYT piece was that the Pentagon is considering whether to segregate , “ separate but equal ” style , gay troops , giving them separate showers and barracks , among other things .
From the NYT :
Despite the uncertainty of timing , another military official said that the Department of Defense was beginning to look at the practical implications of a repeal — for example , whether it would be necessary to change shower facilities and locker rooms because of privacy concerns , whether to ban public displays of affection on military bases and what to do about troops who are stationed or make port calls in nations that outlaw homosexuality .
It ’s disturbing that the Pentagon is even talking about this , first of all because gays and lesbians are already in the Pentagon ’s showers and barracks .
So this is a non-issue .
The fact that the Pentagon does n’t realize this is simply bizarre .
Second , why are we still talking about showers – what is this , 1993 ?
And third , Barack Obama ’s Pentagon is actually discussing whether an African - American president should endorse the “ separate but equal ” segregation of a minority ?
Seriously ?
Even more troubling , this was not the first time that President Obama ’s Pentagon has brought up the idea of creating “ separate but equal ” gay solders in the US military .
The Secretary of the Army mentioned the “ separate but equal ” option as well a few months back :
Selling the idea to Congress , which has the final say , could depend on exactly what the administration tries to do in terms of the timing of repeal and how it is applied , McHugh said .
It ’s possible , for example , that homosexuals could be allowed into some occupations or units but barred from others , McHugh said , stressing that he was not aware of any such plans but only discussing how the issue might play out .
Well , we ’re aware now .
The Times article also references a secret gay meeting that took place this week to discuss the repeal of DADT .
We ’ve spoken to people who attended that meeting , and here ’s what we know .
The meeting took place this past Wednesday in Washington , DC .
Approximately 20 people were in attendance , including representatives from the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , the Palm Center , the Human Rights Campaign , Servicemembers United , and the Center for American Progress .
No one from the administration attended the meeting , and the meeting was not called by the groups themselves , but rather a third party .
In contrast to past statements from gay groups and administration officials that “ there is a plan ” with regards to the President ’s gay rights promises , including DADT , the secret meeting ( and the Times article ) both made clear that there still is no plan at all .
Both the meeting and the Times article confirm that the White House has not even decided if it will push for the repeal of Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , let alone what exactly it will push for for , if anything ( as noted in the Times article , the Pentagon is even considering whether a “ separate but equal ” policy should be adopted ) .
The hope is that the White House will come to a decision and announce what , if anything , it is going to do about moving forward on the repeal of DADT sometime in the next month or two .
But the groups have no idea what the White House is going to decide , or when it will decide , and therefore cannot and will not endorse an all - out campaign to support the repeal of DADT until the White House makes up its mind .
Last May , Human Rights Campaign president Joe Solmonese told the NYT that there was in fact a plan :
The White House , aware of the discontent , invited leaders of some prominent gay rights organizations to meet Monday with top officials , including Jim Messina , Mr. Obama ’s deputy chief of staff , to plot legislative strategy on the hate crimes bill as well as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
Among those attending was Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign , who said afterward that while the gay rights agenda might not be “ unfolding exactly as we thought , ” he was pleased .
“ They have a vision , ” Mr. Solmonese said .
“ They have a plan . ”
We now know that this was untrue , or at best , the plan was trashed .
It was clear to everyone in the gay meeting , I ’m told , that we ca n’t win this without the President ’s leadership .
But there is no indication of what if anything the President will do .
The attendees split generally into two camps .
One side wanting to wait and see what the President does , versus the other side feeling we can’t afford to wait because it ’s not clear the President will ever lead .
As for my take on this news , we have been told repeatedly that there was a plan .
I wo n’t reveal the details of my recent private conversation with openly gay head of the Office of Personnel Management , John Berry , but suffice it to say that the NYT and the details of the private meeting make clear that what Berry told me at Christmas was a lie .
Why are our groups waiting for the White House to tell them whether the President is going to keep his campaign promise , and whether the President is going to embrace the reviled “ separate but equal ” segregation option , before acting ?
Why are our groups not sitting at the table with the White House hammering out the policy , rather than sitting back and crossing their fingers , unable to act , until the White House deigns to let us know what they plan on doing with our civil rights ?
Why does it feel like health care reform all over again , waiting until the last minute and then hoping everything works out , while the King Solomons at the White House discuss how to cut the baby in half ?
No other than openly gay Congressman Barney Frank explained last year how important it was to have an all lobbying campaign before we even think of bringing up DADT repeal :
“ I believe we should and will do ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ next year , ” said Frank , a co-chairman of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender Equality Caucus .
“ We have n’t done the preliminary work , the preparatory work .
It would be a mistake to bring it up without a lot of lobbying and a lot of conversation . ”
Has there been lobbying ?
Sure .
The same amount as last year when Barney said it was n’t nearly enough .
Why does it increasingly feel as if we are dealing with George Bush ’s White House and not a Democrat who promised to be our “ fierce advocate ” ?
President Barack Obama 's political organization pledged on Saturday an " all out " effort to elect the Democrat in Tuesday 's special election in Massachusetts .
In a letter to supporters , Mitch Stewart , the director of Obama 's Organizing for America group , asked for donations to fuel a massive operation on behalf of state Attorney General Martha Coakley , the Democrat running to permanently fill the late Sen.
Edward Kennedy 's ( D ) seat in the Senate .
" OFA is going all out in Massachusetts -- we 're sending organizers , knocking on doors , and making phone calls by the tens of thousands to make sure that folks know how to participate , " Stewart wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
The fundraising appeal reflects the urgency among Democrats ahead of Tuesday 's special election , where upstart Republican candidate Scott Brown has come within striking distance of Coakley in the traditionally - Democratic state .
Stewart acknowledged the " uncertain " outcome in the race in his plea .
" With the outcome uncertain and the stakes sky high , I do n't want to wake up the morning after the election thinking that we could have done something more , " he said .
" If you feel the same way , please donate $ 5 or more to help us make Martha Coakley the next senator from Massachusetts .
" Brown 's challenge has made Democrats nervous that they could lose their 60 - vote , filibuster - proof majority in the Senate , especially as lawmakers look to finish the drawn - out effort to pass healthcare reform legislation .
Brown has campaigned in part on being able to block that legislation if elected .
Aiding in Democrats ' push , President Barack Obama will travel to Massachusetts on Sunday for a 3 p.m. campaign event on behalf of Coakley .
The Land Mines Obama Wo n't Touch Editor ’s Note : President Barack Obama ’s well - crafted Nobel Peace Prize speech cited the importance of enforceable standards for international conduct among nations .
But , as Bill Moyers and Michael Winship note in this guest essay , the Obama administration still balks at agreeing to an international treaty banning mines :
Many people are troubled that Barack Obama flew to Oslo to receive the Nobel Peace Prize so soon after escalating the war in Afghanistan .
He is now more than doubling the number of troops there when George W. Bush left office .
Email
Printer friendly
The irony was not lost on the President , and he tried to address it in his Nobel acceptance speech .
" I am responsible for the deployment of thousands of young Americans to battle in a distant land , " he said .
" Some will kill .
Some will be killed .
And so I come here with an acute sense of the cost of armed conflict - filled with difficult questions about the relationship between war and peace , and our effort to replace one with the other . "
Granted , there 's a gap here between the rhetoric and the reality .
But there 's always been something askew about Nobel Peace Prize , in no small part because it 's given in the name of the man who invented dynamite , one of the most powerful and destructive weapons in the human arsenal .
It was rumored that after Alfred Nobel brought his version of Frankenstein into the world , he was torn by guilt over his creation , his shame said to have intensified when a French newspaper prematurely ran his obituary with the headline , " The Merchant of Death is Dead . "
The article vilified him as a man " who became rich by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before . "
What 's more , until the end of his life he corresponded with a woman named Bertha von Suttner , who had briefly worked as his secretary .
Many believe that Nobel was moved by a powerful antiwar book she had written titled " Lay Down Your Arms . "
Whatever his reasons , when his will created the Nobel Prizes he specifically included among them a prize for peace .
Von Suttner became one of its first recipients .
After Nobel 's death , events turned grim , as if to mock him further .
The arms race exploded beyond anything he could have imagined .
From the coupling of science and the military came ever more ingenious weapons of destruction that would take even more lives in ever more horrible ways .
One of the most insidious was the land mine , that small , explosive device filled with shrapnel that burns or blinds , maims or kills .
Triggered by the touch of a foot or movement or even sound , more often than not it 's the innocent who are its victims - 75 to 80 percent of the time , in fact .
As a weapon , variations of land mines have been around since perhaps as early as the 13th century , but it was not until World War I that the technology was more or less perfected , if that can be said of weapons that mangle and mutilate the human body , and their use became common .
The United States has not actively used land mines since the first Gulf War in 1991 , but we still possess some 10 - 15 million of them , making us the third - largest stockpiler in the world , behind China and Russia .
Like those two countries , we have refused to sign an international agreement banning the manufacture , stockpiling and use of land mines .
Since 1987 , 156 other nations have signed it , including every country in NATO .
Amongst that 156 , more than 40 million mines have been destroyed .
Just days before Obama flew to Oslo to make his Nobel Peace Prize speech , an international summit conference was held in Cartagena , Colombia , to review the progress of the treaty .
The United States sent representatives and the State Department says our government has begun a comprehensive review of its current policy .
Last year 5,000 people were killed or wounded by land mines , often placed in the ground years before , during wars long since over .
They kill or blow away the limbs of a farmer or child as indiscriminately as they do a soldier .
But still we refuse to sign , citing security commitments to our friends and allies , such as South Korea , where a million mines fill the demilitarized ne between it and North Korea .
Twelve years ago , at the time the treaty was first put into place , the Nobel Peace Prize was jointly awarded to the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and Jody Williams , an activist from Vermont who believes that by organizing into a movement , ordinary people can matter .
She proved it , despite the stubborn refusal of her own country 's government to do the right thing .
Last week , Jody Williams condemned America 's continuing refusal to sign the treaty as " a slap in the face to land mine survivors , their families , and affected communities everywhere . "
The Nobel Committee said that part of the reason it was giving the Peace Prize to President Obama was for his respect of international law and his efforts at disarmament .
And twice in his Nobel lecture , the President spoke of how often more civilians than soldiers die in a war .
Then he said this : " I believe that all nations , strong and weak alike , must adhere to standards that govern the use of force .
I , like any head of state , reserve the right to act unilaterally if necessary to defend my nation .
Nevertheless , I am convinced that adhering to standards strengthens those who do , and isolates - and weakens - those who do n't . "
And still the land mine treaty goes unsigned by the government he leads .
Go figure .
Bill Moyers is managing editor and Michael Winship is senior writer of the weekly public affairs program Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
( Adds Albany protests )
* New York mayor lends political heft to drilling opponents
* Dueling protesters argue for , against the industry
ALBANY , N.Y. , Jan 25 ( Reuters ) - New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg issued his most forceful statements to date opposing natural gas drilling in the city ’s upstate watershed on Monday , in a boost for anti-drilling protesters amid competing rallies in the state capital .
Bloomberg ’s Department of Environmental Protection previously urged the state to ban shale gas drilling in the city ’s watershed .
But Bloomberg had yet to add his personal political heft to the debate , relying on aides instead .
“ The consequences are so severe that it is not a risk that I think we should run .
I do not think that we should allow fractured drilling anywhere near our water supply , ” Bloomberg told reporters .
Natural gas companies have created a drilling boom in Pennsylvania with a technique known as hydraulic fracturing and want to expand their operations into New York state .
The Marcellus Shale formation underlying both states holds the promise of providing the United States with a valuable domestic energy source .
But environmental concerns that drilling contaminates drinking water have created regulatory risk for the industry .
The city on Monday sought a permit from the state to acquire additional land to protect its watershed , an unfiltered source of drinking water for some 9 million people .
The city watershed accounts for 6 percent of the shale area in New York state .
New York Governor David Paterson , facing a $ 7.4 billion deficit , proposed opening the Marcellus Shale to hydraulic fracturing , in which a combination of chemicals , sand and water are blasted through rock to free trapped gas .
The natural gas industry argues that drilling poses no risk to drinking water .
But opponents say toxic fracking chemicals are contaminating drinking water , citing numerous reports of private wells near gas installations where water is discolored , foul - tasting or even flammable .
INDUSTRY VS .
ENVIRONMENTALISTS
Bloomberg ’s comments came as more than 1,000 people attended dueling rallies on either side of the Capitol building .
Holding up signs that read “ It ’s Safe , It ’s Green , It ’s Our Future ” and “ Drill Baby Drill , ” some 700 landowners stood in the pouring rain to make the case that gas drilling would create jobs and bring revenue to economically depressed parts of the state .
The rally , organized by industry group Independent Oil and Gas Association of New York State , did not address drilling in the watershed .
“ We ’re the ones who own the land , we have to live on it , and we want to be able to use it for what we originally bought it for , ” said Drew Griffin , a member of the pro-drilling Joint Landowners Coalition .
“ This is America ’s fuel , it ’s America ’s future . ”
At a competing rally organized by environmental groups , about 600 people -- many of whom arrived by bus from New York City -- said the industry was putting profits ahead of safety and waved signs reading “ You Ca n’t Drink Money ” and “ Water : Our Best Resource . ”
“ We ca n’t let the gleam of potential profits leave us with a legacy of polluted water and industrialized landscapes , ” said Wes Gillingham , program director of Catskill Mountainkeeper .
The city and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency have called on the state to exempt the watershed from drilling , even as Chesapeake Energy CHK.N , the only gas company that holds leases in the watersheds , has said publicly it does not intend to drill there .
( Additional reporting by Elizabeth Flood Morrow and Joan Gralla ; Writing by Daniel Trotta ; Editing by Dan Grebler )
The British Humanist Association ( BHA ) has expressed deep concern at an attempt by the Conservative Party to change the definition of the term ‘ religion or belief ’ in the Equality Bill .
Baroness Warsi , who is leading for the Conservatives on the Equality Bill as it makes its way through the House of Lords , has tabled an amendment to the Bill which would remove the phrase “ and philosophical ” in the definition of belief , which currently reads : ‘ “ belief ” means any religious or philosophical belief ” ’ .
Our equality and human rights law give equal protection to people whether they hold religious , non-religious or have a ‘ lack of ’ beliefs .
Humanism is a recognised philosophical belief and so by removing “ and philosophical ” from the definition of belief , millions of ethically concerned , non-religious people in the UK would lose the protection they currently enjoy under our equality laws .
Naomi Phillips , BHA Head of Public Affairs , explained , ‘ We are deeply concerned that this amendment has been tabled – an amendment that we consider would affect humanists in particular .
In practice , this could mean that humanists would be unprotected against discrimination and unequal treatment in the provision of , and access to , public services , employment , education , funding and elsewhere . ’
‘ Changing the definition of the word belief would mean that humanist beliefs would no longer have parity with religious beliefs in equality law .
We believe this represents regression from UK and European equality legislation and is incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights and therefore with our own Human Rights Act 1998 .
We are urging Peers not to support this amendment when they debate the Equality Bill next week . ’
Notes
For further comment or information , contact Naomi Phillips on 020 7079 3585 or 07540 257101 .
Read the BHA ’s briefing for Peers on this amendment .
The amendment is likely to be debated in Lords Committee next week on Monday 11th or Wednesday 13th .
Read comment from the Conservative Humanist Association .
Read more about our work on the Equality Bill .
The British Humanist Association ( BHA ) is the national charity representing and supporting the non-religious , campaigning for an end to religious privilege and to discrimination based on religion or belief .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman believes that Guantanamo Bay 's bad reputation is n't deserved .
" You could not find a better , more humane facility for a detention center in the world , " Lieberman told ABC 's Terry Moran Sunday .
Lieberman thinks it 's a mistake to close the detention center .
" The president is in charge of what happens there now so some of the abuses of the past are not going to happen [ in the future ] , " said Lieberman .
Heather :
So this is Joe Lieberman 's idea of humane ?
Guantanamo : A Look Back at Six Years of Imprisonment , Torture and Suicide :
Over the past six years , Democracy Now ! has closely followed the story of illegal detentions at Guantanamo Bay .
We have interviewed former Guantanamo detainees and interrogators , dozens of attorneys , human rights activists and more .
These are some their voices .
Continue reading ...
Torture Continues at Guantánamo Bay :
Global climate change has prompted efforts to drastically reduce emissions of carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas produced by burning fossil fuels .
In a new approach , researchers from the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science have genetically modified a cyanobacterium to consume carbon dioxide and produce the liquid fuel isobutanol , which holds great potential as a gasoline alternative .
The reaction is powered directly by energy from sunlight , through photosynthesis .
The research appears in the Dec. 9 print edition of the journal Nature Biotechnology and is available online .
This new method has two advantages for the long - term , global - scale goal of achieving a cleaner and greener energy economy , the researchers say .
First , it recycles carbon dioxide , reducing greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the burning of fossil fuels .
Second , it uses solar energy to convert the carbon dioxide into a liquid fuel that can be used in the existing energy infrastructure , including in most automobiles .
While other alternatives to gasoline include deriving biofuels from plants or from algae , both of these processes require several intermediate steps before refinement into usable fuels .
" This new approach avoids the need for biomass deconstruction , either in the case of cellulosic biomass or algal biomass , which is a major economic barrier for biofuel production , " said team leader James C. Liao , Chancellor 's Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at UCLA and associate director of the UCLA - Department of Energy Institute for Genomics and Proteomics .
" Therefore , this is potentially much more efficient and less expensive than the current approach . "
Using the cyanobacterium Synechoccus elongatus , researchers first genetically increased the quantity of the carbon dioxide - fixing enzyme RuBisCO .
Then they spliced genes from other microorganisms to engineer a strain that intakes carbon dioxide and sunlight and produces isobutyraldehyde gas .
The low boiling point and high vapor pressure of the gas allows it to easily be stripped from the system .
The engineered bacteria can produce isobutanol directly , but researchers say it is currently easier to use an existing and relatively inexpensive chemical catalysis process to convert isobutyraldehyde gas to isobutanol , as well as other useful petroleum - based products .
In addition to Liao , the research team included lead author Shota Atsumi , a former UCLA postdoctoral scholar now on the UC Davis faculty , and UCLA postdoctoral scholar Wendy Higashide .
An ideal place for this system would be next to existing power plants that emit carbon dioxide , the researchers say , potentially allowing the greenhouse gas to be captured and directly recycled into liquid fuel .
" We are continuing to improve the rate and yield of the production , " Liao said .
" Other obstacles include the efficiency of light distribution and reduction of bioreactor cost .
We are working on solutions to these problems . "
###
The research was supported in part by a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy .
The UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science , established in 1945 , offers 28 academic and professional degree programs , including an interdepartmental graduate degree program in biomedical engineering .
Ranked among the top 10 engineering schools at public universities nationwide , the school is home to seven multimillion - dollar interdisciplinary research centers in wireless sensor systems , nanotechnology , nanomanufacturing and nanoelectronics , all funded by federal and private agencies .
For more news , visit the UCLA Newsroom or follow us on Twitter .
Body scanner would n't have foiled syringe bomber , says MP who worked on new machines
Gordon Brown ’s plans to foil terrorist attacks by installing body scanners at UK airports are doomed to failure , according to an MP who helped to design the machines .
Tory MP Ben Wallace , who worked on the scanners at defence research organisation QinetiQ before entering Parliament in 2005 , said the £ 100,000 ‘ millimetre wave ’ machines would not have stopped syringe bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab from trying to mount his attack on Christmas Day .
The terrorist had sewn high explosives into his underpants , which he attempted to detonate as the plane flew over Detroit .
Warning :
The £ 100,000 body scanners , seen here at work , would not have stopped the Christmas Day bomber , according to Tory MP Ben Wallace
Bomber : Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab had high explosives sewn into his underpants
The Prime Minister vowed to use technology , and additional scans at airports , to fight the threat from Al Qaeda .
But Mr Wallace warned : ‘ I must advise the Prime Minister – and the British public – that the scanners are not a “ silver bullet ” .
You would be mistaken to think that they would counter the new threat .
‘ The millimetre wave technology is harmless , quick and can be deployed overtly or covertly .
But it can not detect chemicals or light plastics .
‘ They have their uses .
They give a sharper image of objects – especially metallic – than the “ metal arch ” scanners now in use .
' And as they scan the whole body , they would speed up security checks as there would be less need for the “ pat - down ” search .
‘ They are also able to scan crowds at a distance .
But they cannot detect everything . ’
He said that the only type of scanner that might be able to pick up concealed explosives were X - ray machines – but they pose health risks and are too slow to operate .
Mr Wallace , the Shadow Scottish Minister , added : ‘ Scanners are only part of the solution .
A method better than any scanner is profiling .
Why is it at airports we all
are put through security the same way ? ’
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said he was considering following in the footsteps of the U.S. by banning airline passengers from leaving their seats for the last hour of any journey , as well as giving airline staff the authority to target ' high risk ' passengers .
While this move would undoubtedly anger ethnic minority groups , one Muslim MP has caused controversy by saying he thinks Muslims should be singled out at airports for extra security checks .
Khalid Mahmood , the Labour MP for Birmingham Perry Barr , said : ' I think most people would rather be profiled than blown up .
It would n't be victimisation of an entire community .
' If people want to fly safely we have to take measures to stop things like the Christmas Day plot .
' The fact is the majority of people who have carried out or planned these terror attacks have been Muslim . '
But Massoud Shadjareh , the chariman of the Islamic Human Rights Commission , contested : ' It 's not true that all terrorists are Muslims .
' Any such measure would not only alienate people , it would also be ineffective in terms of stopping terrorists . "
Meanwhile , it was last night announced that Britain and the United States are to jointly fund a counter - terrorism unit in Yemen , in response to the latest airline bomb plot .
Abdulmutallab is said to have told FBI agents that he was radicalised and trained in Yemen .
Son of acting US Attorney also said involved
The conservative activist who created a nightmare for the community organizing group ACORN and the son of an acting US Attorney were arrested Monday and charged with trying to wiretap Louisiana ’s Democratic senator , Mary Landrieu .
Activist James O’Keefe , 25 , was already in Landrieu ’s New Orleans office Monday when Robert Flanagan and Joseph Basel , both 24 , showed up claiming to be telephone repairmen , according to U.S. Attorney Jim Letten ’s office .
Letten says O’Keefe recorded the two with his cell phone .
O’Keefe was the notorious faux pimp who tried to get ACORN employees to confess to untoward activities .
ADVERTISEMENT
The affidavit of the arrest is now available here in PDF .
Once inside the reception area , Flanagan , the son of acting U.S. Attorney Bill Flanagan in Shreveport , and Basel asked for access to the main phone at the reception desk .
( Flanagan is serving as an interim US Attorney for western Louisiana ; Obama tapped a Shreveport attorney as replacement last week , who has yet to be confirmed . )
After handling the phone , “ Flanagan and Basel next requested access to the telephone closet because they needed to perform work on the main telephone system , ” Letten ’s office said .
The men were directed to another office in the building ; they ’re accused of again misrepresenting themselves as telephone repairmen .
Andrew Breitbart , who made the ACORN ‘ pimp ’ famous , came up blank when called about the story by Talking Points Memo .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I need to find information on this , ” Breitbart reportedly said .
“ I ’m out of the loop on this .
I will make my determination then on when to comment . ”
According to the New Orleans Times - Picayune , “ Robert Flanagan ’s attorney , J. Garrison Jordan , said he believes his client works for the Pelican Institute .
Asked the motivation for the alleged wiretap plot , he said : ‘ I think it was poor judgment .
I do n’t think there was any intent or motive to commit a crime . ' ”
They were arrested later by the U.S. Marshal ’s Service .
Details of the arrest were not available .
A fourth man , Stan Dai , 24 , was also arrested , but Letten ’s office said only that he assisted the others in planning , coordinating and preparing the operation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Adds The New Orleans Times - Picayune :
According to the FBI affidavit , Flanagan and Basel entered the federal building at 500 Poydras Street about 11 a.m.
Monday , dressed as telephone company employees , wearing jeans , fluorescent green vests , tool belts , and hard hats .
When they arrived at Landrieu ’s 10th floor office , O’Keefe was already in the office and had told a staffer he was waiting for someone to arrive …
After being asked , the staffer gave Basel access to the main phone at the reception desk .
The staffer told investigators that Basel manipulated the handset .
He also tried to call the main office phone using his cell phone , and said the main line was n’t working .
Flanagan did the same .
They then told the staffer they needed to perform repair work on the main phone system and asked where the telephone closet was located .
The staffer showed the men to the main General Services Administration office on the 10th floor , and Flanagan and Basel went in .
There , a GSA employee asked for the men ’s credentials , after which they stated they left them in their vehicle .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AP .
Interesting idea by Samy ( yes , that Samy ) :
Here is a proof of concept in what I 'm calling NAT Pinning ( " hacking gibsons " was already taken ) .
The idea is an attacker lures a victim to a web page .
The web page forces the user 's router or firewall , unbeknownst to them , to port forward any port number back to the user 's machine .
If the user had FTP / ssh /etc open but it was blocked from the router , it can now be forwarded for anyone to access ( read : attack ) from the outside world .
No XSS or CSRF required .
In short , he exploits a smart mechanism in modern network equipment , which graciously and " magically " NATs on the fly arbitrary ports when certain handshake patterns are detected in outbound traffic , allowing ( usually older ) protocols which require a " call back " connection ( like FTP , IRC or SIP ) to work properly .
Good news is that ABE can prevent exploitation without hampering the useful functionality .
If you 're concerned about this issue , you just need to open NoScript Options | Advanced|ABE and edit the " USER " ruleset , adding the following rule :
# NAT Pinning blockage ( blocks outbound HTTP traffic to unlikely ports )
Site ^https ?://[^/]+:[ 0 - 35 -7 ]
Deny
Bad news is that Java , Flash , Silverlight and maybe other plugins can open raw sockets bypassing any browser control , including ABE .
Just another reason to keep them at bay .
Thanks to Thoughtcrime for bringing this to my attention , and to Samy for the chat we had this afternoon .
Moscow , Russia ( CNN ) -- Russia signed a deal with Libya to provide nearly $ 2 billion in arms to the North African nation , Russian state media reported Saturday .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced the contract with Libya on Saturday , news agency RIA Novosti reported .
The agency did not have specifics of the 1.3 billion euro ( $ 1.8 billion ) deal inked Friday , but reported that Putin said it was " not only for small arms and light weapons . "
Rosoboronexport , Russia 's government - run arms export agency , previously said it had five military contracts with Libya that included " military equipment for its ground forces and the navy , the modernization of T - 72 tanks and spare parts supplies , " RIA Novosti reported .
Texaco Offers
You a Job For � 8500 a Month Posted by Mikko @ 17:04 GMT
Online criminals need people to move their money so they themselves do n't get caught .
We call these Money Mules .
Most money mules recruitment is done in the name of a fictitious company , but sometimes the scammers simply lift a well - known brand .
Here 's an example of a recent money - mule ad that has been spammed around in the name of Texaco , the oil company :
The e-mail originated from an IP address in Lagos , Nigeria .
I guess Texaco must be doing some drilling over there .
The PDF contains no exploits and looks like this :
The text reads , in part :
Texaco / Chevron Downstream Europe
1 Westferry Circus Canary Wharf
London E14 4HA
Dear Job Candidate ,
The TEXACO Online Employment System wish to inform you that your posted
information onlinehas been carefully and confidentially reviewed by our
Recruitment Team Professionals and we have considered under our current
vacant opportunities within the Firm to employ you for work in our company .
TEXACO Online Employment System is affiliated to various job recruitment
websites and your information was submitted to us by our online agent that
submit job candidate resumes for consideration of employment depending on
the vacancies we have in any branch of TEXACO Company Worldwide .
As regards to this , you have been automatically granted this employment to
work in TEXACO Oil & Gas Field with a monthly salary of Eight Thousand
Five Hundred Pounds ( �8,500 ) .
Kindly acknowledge the content of this message by reconfirming your interest
in working for us and indicating your area of job interest , ensuring that you
have quoted your vacancy title below or send your CV with a covering letter .
For further details relating to your employment , kindly send an email to
Texaco / Chevron Downstream Europe H/R Recruitment Service Department
texaco@post.com / http://texaco.us.ms / http://texaco.com/portal_default.asp/.
Regards ,
Paul Matins
HR Recruitment Manager
Do note the suspicious contact information like texaco@post.com and http://texaco.us.ms.
Top - level domain .ms belongs to a small Caribbean nation called Montserrat .
The website at texaco.us.ms looks like this :
Do n't apply … although the salary looks good and you get to name your own area of job interest , I 'm sure your job would include picking up cash and wiring it to far - away places with Webmoney , Western Union and Fethard Finance .
Jon Lech Johansen is perhaps best known as DVD Jon , the chap who cracked DVD movie encryption at the tender age of just 15 .
He may soon have to adopt a new nickname , how about iTunes Jon , as he releases software that takes iTunes out of the iPod music equation .
doubleTwist exists on the foundation that in the same way you do n't have a different web browser for every web site that you visit , you should n't have to have different software when you use an iPod , a Nokia smartphone , a Sony device and so on .
" The typical household today has many such devices " the company website says " there is a need for a simple and powerful software that connects them . "
Which is where the newly released software comes in , and iTunes goes out the door .
doubleTwist co-founder Monique Farantzos has even gone as far as to describe Apple as the new Microsoft , referring to a dark side that has emerged with apps being blocked from the App Store for example , and the Palm pre not being allowed to sync with iTunes .
And so we now have a piece of software that has all the functionality of iTunes , but does not restrict the user to just an iPod or even just to iTunes for that matter .
doubleTwist will , so I am informed , allow iPod users to buy their music from the Amazon MP3 store if they prefer .
That said , it 's the ability to play an iTunes library of music on any device that really appeals to me .
Apple must be getting very fed up indeed with DVD Jon , especially after an advert was placed alongside the San Francisco Apple Store back in June to encourage people to turn their backs on iTunes and the iPhone .
Not forgetting the 1984 video parody made by Johansen casting Steve Jobs as Big Brother , for good measure .
Someone appears to be doing a little Astroturfing for Obama .
In recent days , a letter defending Obama has appeared in dozens of newspapers throughout the country — all signed by an “ Ellie Light . ”
In the letters , which all use identical language , Ms. Light explains that Obama never promised to fix all our problems quickly or painlessly .
She declares :
Today , the president is being attacked as if he ’d promised that our problems would wash off in the morning .
He never did .
It ’s time for Americans to realize that governing is hard work , and that a president ca n’t just wave a magic wand and fix everything .
Editors all over the country found Light ’s message strangely compelling .
It was reprinted at The Politico ; the Philadelphia Daily News ; the San Francisco Examiner ; the Washington Times ; and a USA Today blog .
In addition , the letter has appeared at literally dozens of small - town papers across the country , with names like the Los Banos Enterprise , the North Adams Transcript , and the Danbury News - Times .
Ms. Light always claims to be a local in these letters .
Her real estate holdings are apparently prodigious , as she has claimed residences in Philadelphia , PA ; Daly City , California ; Mansfield , Ohio ; Waynesboro , Virginia ; Algoma , Wisconsin ; Bangor , Maine ; and dozens of other places .
Who said Obama supporters were all downtrodden ?
The story was originally broken by the Cleveland Plain Dealer , which published a thread of e-mail correspondence between the reporter and “ Ellie Light . ”
But the original Plain Dealer story identified only the tip of the iceberg .
With the help of my commenters , I have been keeping a running total at my blog of the places where Light ’s letter has appeared .
At last count , her letter has appeared in at least 47 newspapers in at least 23 different states .
So far , that is .
That number is growing all the time .
It even appeared in a newspaper in Bangkok , Thailand !
As you can see at my blog , the states where her letters appear correspond quite well with the states that Obama won .
Who is behind this ?
Are all these letters truly the work of a single woman ?
Or is there an organization behind “ Ellie Light ” ?
( David Axelrod , call your office ! )
There ’s no hard proof as of yet .
Here ’s what we do know .
Glenn Greenwald ( yes , I know , but keep reading ) flagged the fact that Obama ’s pal ( and head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs )
Cass Sunstein recently wrote a paper suggesting something sounding a lot like Astroturfing :
Sunstein advocates that the Government ’s stealth infiltration should be accomplished by sending covert agents into “ chat rooms , online social networks , or even real - space groups . ”
He also proposes that the Government make secret payments to so - called “ independent ” credible voices to bolster the Government ’s messaging ( on the ground that those who do n’t believe government sources will be more inclined to listen to those who appear independent while secretly acting on behalf of the Government ) .
That sure sounds a lot like what ’s happening here , does n’t it ?
Who is Ellie Light ?
I would like to know .
How about you ?
( CNN ) --
It was a big year for technology : Twitter and Facebook 's popularity exploded , while new smartphones , e-readers and a host of other gadgets cropped up to compete for our plugged - in affection .
But into each electronic life a little digital rain must fall .
We polled a handful of the most tech - savvy folks we know for their thoughts on the worst moments in technology from 2009 -- the most epic " fails " of the year .
Your mileage may vary .
If you think something does n't deserve to be here , or think we missed a noteworthy clunker , let us know in the comments section .
And now , in no particular order , our 2009 Tech Fails ...
Y2 - what ?
Zune gets off to a bad start
Technically it was a New Year 's Eve surprise .
But many owners of Microsoft 's Zune media player started 2009 with little more than a paperweight with LED lights .
At midnight on December 31 , all Zune 's 30 - GB MP3 players froze up .
Microsoft explained the problem as a problem with the way the device 's internal clock recognized ( or did n't recognize ) leap years .
The glitch only lasted a day , but did n't help a device that was already failing to gain ground on Apple 's iPod .
TwitterPeek fails to pique interest
The reaction of many in the tech community to the release of the TwitterPeek device was a collective , " Huh ? "
Sure , there are some people who do n't have smartphones and do n't want to pay for expensive mobile plans .
But is there really a market for a $ 199 device that does nothing but let you manage yourTwitter feed ?
" I already have a $ 200 device to update Twitter , " said one techie we spoke to .
" It 's called my iPhone . "
The folks at Peek , makers of TwitterPeek , had already made the Pronto -- a device that handled only texts and e-mails .
Maybe a combination of the two gadgets is in the works .
But even then , would enough people be interested ?
Probably not .
Facebook backtracks on owning your stuff
OK ... so every time Facebook makes even the most minute changes , it sparks an outcry among its 350 million members , not to mention ( irony alert ) dozens of new Facebook groups geared at making the site change back .
But a terms - of - service change in February went further , implying that Facebook owned the rights to anything users uploaded to the site .
Another change suggested that Facebook held those rights forever , even if people quit the site or took the material down .
Facebook responded that it simply needed those rights to be able to post information to other users .
But when the backlash continued , the site eventually switched the terms back to their former wording .
Sidekick punts user info
In what one observer called " an almost incomprehensible data disaster , " T - Mobile told users in October that a server error at a Microsoft subsidiary had lost users ' personal data it had stored for the devices .
All of it .
Phone numbers , contact lists , calendars and other information was gone -- and even new data would disappear if users turned off or recharged the phone .
Users were offered free service and rebates in the wake of the mess , as T - Mobile scrambled to recover what little of the data it could .
But that did n't stop the lawsuits , Internet griping and ill will generated by the snafu .
Hacking Twitter
It started as a story about someone hacking the accounts of several Twitter employees .
Then , after Twitter said the attack was limited to personal information , not sensitive , company - related stuff , the hacker behind the attack struck again -- in a different way .
He sent 310 documents to leading technology blog TechCrunch .
The blog published a small portion of them and sent the documents to Twitter , which is when the company learned that they included financial projections and notes from high - level executive meetings .
Twitter responded by reportedly closing the security holes that allowed the attack .
Enough with the updates , already !
This was the year that online social media exploded .
That 's good news for the future of Facebook , Twitter and the like .
But sometimes it just got to be a bit too much .
Members of Congress abandoned any pretense of paying attention to President Obama 's State of the Union speech by updating their Twitter feeds as he was speaking .
There was the groom who updated his Facebook relationship status at the altar .
And the women who tweeted during childbirth .
[ In fairness , the most high - profile tweeting new mom was Sara Williams , wife of Twitter CEO Evan Williams ] .
And that 's not even mentioning all those friend requests you got from your grade - school teachers and members of your mom 's knitting circle .
Hyped -up Conficker fails
This is a failure we 're glad to report .
The Conficker worm was , by all accounts , a serious bit of malware that infected as many as 10 million computers worldwide .
Instead of attacking those computers , it was designed to control them , paving the way for later attacks .
When researchers spotted the date April 1 in the worm 's coding , speculation began mounting that a major April Fools '
Day attack was on its way .
Instead , it was mostly quiet -- a false alarm of Y2 K proportions .
" I think the joke 's on us a little bit , which you would have expected , having an April 1 date , " Holly Stewart , threat response manager for IBM 's X - Force , a computer security service , said at the time .
Attacks cripple Twitter , Facebook
On August 6 , the concept of computer addiction did n't seem so silly .
A massive denial - of - service attack hit Twitter , Facebook and the LiveJournal blogging site .
Twitter was by far the hardest hit , completely blacking out for several hours .
The attacks were believed to have targeted a blogger in the country of Georgia who had been critical of Russia .
The attacks , the blogger said , coincided with the one - year anniversary of renewed violence between the two countries .
What was telling was how freaked out people became .
Users described feeling naked , jittery and upset without the ability to post on Twitter .
When the site came back up , the top topic of conversation was the hashtag for " When Twitter Was Down . "
Gmail crashes
We heard some different views on this year 's string of outages or slowdowns of Google 's popular e-mail system .
Some thought coverage was overblown .
But as more computing power moves " into the cloud , " people and businesses are relying on programs like Gmail not just for e-mails , but to archive documents , chat with friends or co-workers and store contact information .
Gmail went through several high - profile crashes in 2009 , including one in February and two in September .
While e-mail crashes are nothing new to any provider , 2009's were the first since Google begain offering offline support .
Response to the crashes simultaneously showed how many people depend on Gmail and how easy it is to make fun of those people .
Social - networking blog Mashable responded with a list of five things to do while Gmail is down ( No . 1 : " Immediately flood Twitter with tweets alternately proclaiming , ' Gmail is down ! ' and inquiring , ' Is Gmail down ? ' " )
I got Google Wave -- now what ?
OK , so it 's a little early in the game to call this one a total fail .
But after the breathless anticipation that greeted Google Wave and the hot rush to get an invitation for its beta testing , lots of users found themselves asking , " OK ... now what ? "
Google , for its part , released an 80 - minute tutorial video -- leading some observers to argue that if you need an hour and 20 minutes to explain what your product does , you might be in trouble .
It 's designed as a platform to allow users to communicate and collaborate in real time -- a tool some predict will be used effectively by developers in the future .
But for now , it 's inspired the creation of a Web site -- Easier to Understand Than Wave -- on which users compare the online tool to other sometimes obtuse subjects ( Both Ozzy Osbourne and the geopolitical climate of Southeast Asia are easier to understand than Wave , users voted , while Sarah Palin and Scientology are both more difficult ) .
Disturbance can threaten survival :
What can you do to help ?
Keep your distance .
If birds appear agitated or take flight , you are too close .
Some birds ( such as terns and skimmers ) require a 600 - foot comfort zone during the breeding season , while other species are more tolerant of disturbances .
A general rule is to stay at least 300 feet ( the length of a football field ) away from groups of shorebirds .
Observe birds from a distance using binoculars to get a closer look
Keep out of posted areas .
During the spring and summer nesting season , signs may be posted in areas that are important for beach - nesting birds .
Avoid posted areas and encourage others to do the same .
Never intentionally force birds to fly .
If you see birds on a beach , island or sandbar , walk or steer around the birds to avoid disturbing them .
Avoid running your watercraft close to shore .
Many mangrove islands , beaches , mud flats and other shallow water and shoreline habitats can be important feeding , resting and nesting areas for birds .
Loud noises and vessel wakes can disturb birds .
Keep dogs leashed .
An unleashed dog can destroy a colony of beach - nesting birds in minutes .
Keep dogs away from all bird colonies and beach - nesting birds .
Spread the word .
Many people do not realize their actions may be harmful to wildlife .
If you see people intentionally disturbing a bird colony , let them know how their actions may threaten survival of birds .
Protecting the young :
Photography : Black skimmer by Barry Mansell ; American oystercatchers and Wilson ’s plover by Patrick Leary ; laughing gull , gull - billed tern , royal tern by Jeff Gore .
Frequent disturbances of birds on the beach , especially disturbances that cause birds to take flight , may threaten their survival .
Many species of Florida ’s water birds , including gulls , terns , skimmers , plovers , willets and oystercatchers , nest on the beach .
When these beach - nesting birds are disturbed and flushed off their nests by people or dogs , eggs and chicks in the nests are exposed to temperature extremes and predators like crows , raccoons and dogs .
Several beach - nesting bird species ( such as the least tern and snowy plover ) are declining because of habitat loss and disruption of nesting activities .
Beaches and islands that were once isolated are now teeming with boats , beach goers and their pets .
It is easy for unknowing beach goers to crush the eggs or kill young chicks accidentally .
Eggs and chicks of beach - nesting birds blend in with their surroundings and are nearly invisible on the ground .
Adult beach - nesting birds are protective of their eggs and young .
When you disturb a nesting area , worried adult birds see you as a danger and try to keep you away from their eggs and chicks .
Sometimes an adult bird will pretend to have a broken wing to lure you and dangerous predators away from their young .
Adult birds also may attempt to drive you away by calling out in protest , dive - bombing and even defecating on you !
If any of these things happen , you are too close to the birds .
You should calmly and quietly leave the area .
As you walk away , keep your eyes on the beach and watch carefully so you do not step on eggs or chicks .
Actor Elmore " Rip " Torn appeared in court on Monday morning , disheveled and bearded , the Register Citizen reports , and by Tuesday , he is expected to be in a New York alcohol rehab facility .
Torn was arrested on Friday evening after drunkenly breaking into a Connecticut bank while carrying a loaded revolver , according to a statement from police .
He was in custody through the weekend , the Register reports .
On Monday , his lawyer argued that he did not brandish the weapon .
When Connecticut State Police responded to The Litchfield Bancorp , a bank in Salisbury , Conn. , they found a broken window in the rear of the building and an intoxicated Torn walking around inside .
Torn is a resident of the small Connecticut town where the incident took place .
When he appeared in court on Monday , he did not enter a plea and his attorney said he would be able to post his $ 100,000 bond Monday .
He is due back in court on Feb. 17 .
Drunken misbehavior is nothing new to the 78 - year - old actor . --
He was convicted of drunken driving in 2008 , pleaded guilty to being ability - impaired in 2007 , and was acquitted by a jury in a 2004 drunken driving case , according to The Register Citizen .
After his 2008 conviction , he avoided jail time by agreeing to attend a state - approved weekend substance abuse program , according to the paper .
For this latest incident , Torn was charged with burglary in the 1st degree , criminal mischief in the 3rd degree , carrying a firearm while intoxicated , trespassing in the 1st degree and possession of a firearm without a permit , and is being held on a $ 100,000 bond .
Joe Kittinger set the record for the highest jump in 1960 , when he dropped from a helium balloon at an altitude of 31 kilometres ( Image : US Air Force Archive ) Felix Baumgartner will wear a flexible pressurised suit ( Image : Sven Hoffmann ) Baumgartner BASE jumps from Calais , France ( Image : Ulrich Grill ) Baumgartner will attempt to break multiple records during his freefall ( Illustration : Red Bull Stratos Project )
Advertisement
Update on 7 February 2012 : Red Bull says the jump attempt is back on for sometime in 2012 .
The legal challenge to the jump was resolved out of court and the jump , from a planned altitude of 36.6 kilometres , will occur above Roswell , New Mexico .
Update : On 12 October 2010 , Red Bull stopped work on this project , citing a multi-million - dollar lawsuit by an entrepreneur who claimed rights to the idea .
A “ space diver ” will try to smash the nearly 50 - year - old record for the highest jump this year , becoming the first person to go supersonic in freefall .
The stunt could help engineers design escape systems for space flights .
On 16 August 1960 , US Air Force Captain Joe Kittinger made history by jumping out of a balloon at an altitude of some 31,333 metres .
“ I stood up and said a prayer and stepped off , ” he recalled ( see Space diving : The ultimate extreme sport ) .
Since then , many have tried to break that record but none have succeeded – New Jersey native Nick Piantanida actually died trying in 1966 .
Now Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner has announced he will make the attempt , with help from Kittinger and sponsorship from the energy drink company Red Bull .
Baumgartner , who became the first person to cross the English Channel in freefall in 2003 , will be lofted to a height of 36 , 575 metres in a helium balloon .
After floating up for roughly three hours , he will open the door of a 1 - tonne pressurised capsule , grab the handrails on either side of the exit , and step off , potentially breaking records for the highest parachute jump , as well as the fastest and longest freefall .
Shock wave
He will face extreme peril .
He should reach supersonic speeds 35 seconds after he jumps , and the resulting shock wave “ is a big concern ” , the project ’s technical director , Art Thompson , said at a press briefing on Friday .
“ In early aircraft development , they thought it was a wall they could n’t pass without breaking apart .
In our case , the vehicle is flesh and blood , and he ’ll be exposed to some extreme forces . ”
Still , project medical director Jonathan Clark noted there has been one known instance of a pilot surviving the destruction of a plane at three times the speed of sound .
“ We know it ’s not just theoretically possible , it ’s possible , ” he said .
After falling for about six minutes , Baumgartner should open his parachute at roughly 1520 metres .
The jump height is above a threshold at 19,000 metres called the Armstrong line , where the atmospheric pressure is so low that fluids start to boil .
“ If he opens up his face mask or the suit , all the gases in your body go out of suspension , so you literally turn into a giant fizzy , oozing fluid from your eyes and mouth , like something out of a horror film , ” Thompson explained .
“ It ’s just seconds until death . ”
Flexible suit
To protect himself , Baumgartner will wear a more flexible version of the airtight , pressurised spacesuit currently used aboard the space shuttle ( see Future spacesuits to act like a second skin ) .
That will let him bend to achieve the standard , belly - down skydiving position needed to decelerate .
Another concern is uncontrolled spin , which could knock him unconscious .
Sensors all over the suit will constantly monitor his acceleration for signs of spinning , as well as checking on his heart rate and position , relaying data to the ground team via a radio in a pack mounted on his chest .
If needed , a drogue parachute can be deployed to stabilise his flight .
Two practice flights will be conducted at about 20,000 and 27,000 metres .
Currently Baumgartner is undergoing rigorous tests in the suit at extreme cold , in vacuum chambers and in vertical wind tunnels to simulate falling .
Red Bull would not reveal the cost of the project .
And though it says it will launch this year from North America , it has not yet specified a date or launch site .
This uncertainty depends in part on finding the ideal weather conditions for the flight , Thompson said .
By showing that a person can safely return to Earth from that speed and altitude , the “ Stratos ” mission team hopes to show that astronauts might survive with similar systems if they needed to bail out of spacecraft .
“ It ’s human nature to want to go faster and further , ” Kittinger noted , but he added he would not have signed on without the promise of getting scientific data .
“ We ’re testing the next - generation full - pressure suits . ”
While PEP 345 and PEP 386 are waiting for the final approval , I am back at work on Distutils code work , PEP 376 , Distribute , and the HitchHicker guide to Packaging .
The latter is growing faster than I have expected , thanks to the contributions of John Gabriele .
It has quite some content already .
I think the guide is an important task , and I ’ll try to focus on it in this first trimester .
Distutils 2.7 new features
Python 2.7 first beta version is around the corner , and once it ’s reached we ca n’t add new features .
So , besides the code that will be changed if the PEPs we worked on at Distutils - SIG are accepted , here ’s a list of small features I ’d like to introduce in Distutils :
a test command , that just uses the new unittest discovery script to run unittest - compatible tests .
, that just uses the new unittest discovery script to run unittest - compatible tests .
a new option for sdist called ‘ extra_files ’ , that will allow to list extra files to be included in the distribution .
These files will not be installed by ‘ install ’ , just be part of the distribution .
This will allow including files like CHANGELOG , etc .. without having to use a MANIFEST template .
, that will allow to list extra files to be included in the distribution .
These files will not be installed by ‘ install ’ , just be part of the distribution .
This will allow including files like CHANGELOG , etc .. without having to use a MANIFEST template .
a very basic pre/post commit hook for the install command .
These hooks will be deactivated when any bdist_* command runs install to create the binary tree .
Now for bdist_rpm own hooks , I guess the best way would be to make install consumes the same two options than bdist_rpm ( pre-install , post - install ) so a project will be able to define a hook that is used by RPM and / or python setup.py install
If you think about something that should be added in 2.7 , speak up !
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia 
Three Christian churches were attacked with firebombs Friday as tensions rose in a dispute over whether Christians could use the word “ Allah ” in this largely Muslim nation .
Later in the day , small crowds rallied outside two major mosques in the capital , in a growing protest over a court ruling that overturned a government ban on the use of “ Allah ” by Roman Catholics as a translation for God .
The government has appealed that ruling , insisting that the ban should remain in force , and made no move to bar the unsanctioned rallies , as it commonly does .
But a police helicopter hovered low over the front of the city ’s central mosque , drowning out the words of the speakers on its balcony .
The Bruins may be well on their way to making a move for a veteran presence to support their often offensively - challenged troops .
Sources confirmed to NESN.com 's James Murphy on Friday that the Bruins are close to signing left wing Miroslav Satan .
The source said the rumor is a " very solid rumor . "
On Saturday , Bob McKenzie of TSN reported that the B's have indeed , signed Satan through the rest of the season .
Edmonton selected Satan with the 111th overall pick in the 1993 NHL draft before he was traded to Buffalo , where he became a key fixture of the offense .
The veteran , who has also spent time with New York and Pittsburgh , was waived by the Penguins on March 4 , 2009 , and after clearing waivers , he was sent to Pittsburgh 's AHL affiliate .
He was not re-signed by the Pens at the end of the season .
The 35 - year - old 's best season came in 2005 - 06 , when he registered 35 goals and 31 assists for 66 points ( and almost half of his goals came on the power play , which certainly could help the Bruins these days ) .
In 65 games last season , he tallied 17 goals and 19 assists for 36 points with a plus - 3 rating .
There is of course plenty of fodder , in both the Koran and the Bible , for those who seek a theology of discrimination .
The New Testament quotes St. Paul ( I Timothy 2 ) as saying that women “ must be silent . ”
Deuteronomy declares that if a woman does not bleed on her wedding night , “ the men of her town shall stone her to death . ”
An Orthodox Jewish prayer thanks God , “ who hast not made me a woman . ”
The Koran stipulates that a woman shall inherit less than a man , and that a woman ’s testimony counts for half a man’s .
In fairness , many scholars believe that Paul did not in fact write the passages calling on women to be silent .
And Islam started out as socially progressive for women  banning female infanticide and limiting polygamy  but did not continue to advance .
But religious leaders sanctified existing social structures , instead of pushing for justice .
In Africa , it would help enormously if religious figures spoke up for widows disenfranchised by unjust inheritance traditions  or for rape victims , or for schoolgirls facing sexual demands from their teachers .
Instead , in Uganda , the influence of conservative Christians is found in a grotesque push to execute gays .
Yet paradoxically , the churches in Africa that have done the most to empower women have been conservative ones led by evangelicals and especially Pentecostals .
In particular , Pentecostals encourage women to take leadership roles , and for many women this is the first time they have been trusted with authority and found their opinions respected .
In rural Africa , Pentecostal churches are becoming a significant force to emancipate women .
That ’s a glimmer of hope that reminds us that while religion is part of the problem , it can also be part of the solution .
The Dalai Lama has taken that step and calls himself a feminist .
Another excellent precedent is slavery .
Each of the Abrahamic faiths accepted slavery .
Muhammad owned slaves , and St. Paul seems to have condoned slavery .
Yet the pioneers of the abolitionist movement were Quakers and evangelicals like William Wilberforce .
People of faith ultimately worked ferociously to overthrow an oppressive institution that churches had previously condoned .
Today , when religious institutions exclude women from their hierarchies and rituals , the inevitable implication is that females are inferior .
The Elders are right that religious groups should stand up for a simple ethical principle : any person ’s human rights should be sacred , and not depend on something as earthly as their genitals .
Your Hometown West Virginia Lawyers
At the offices of Stewart Bell , PLLC , our team of highly skilled attorneys have won MILLIONS in verdicts and settlements for our clients and offer more than 120 years of combined legal experience .
We are ready to help with your personal injury compensation claim and can guide you safely through the entire litigation process .
If you or someone you love has suffered a serious personal injury due to the negligence of another , we can help fight for your rights .
PASARKEMIS , Indonesia —
In the Dickensian depths of the Dunia Metal Works here , all is cacophony : the bam bam bam of grease - drenched punches ; the rhythmic clank of unspooling steel wire ; the storm and stress of glinting , freshly minted nails cascading onto a broad metal table for boxing .
But for all the industrial din , Dunia is undergoing a painful slump .
Today it runs at 40 percent of its capacity , its domestic nail business imperiled — and its exports wiped out — by cheaper Chinese alternatives .
“ We have been competing with the Japanese and the Koreans , ” said Juniarto Suhandinata , the factory ’s director .
“ But the Chinese — no chance . ”
The Chinese are tough competitors , and Dunia is hardly the first to find out .
But Mr. Suhandinata ’s lament speaks to something different : a sense of disquiet , even in developing Asian nations in Beijing ’s orbit , over the implications of China ’s swift , seemingly boundless economic growth .
A new report from Korea Times says another iPhone is being worked on , and it should arrive this summer .
Nothing too shocking here .
Apple typically releases a new iPhone every summer .
But some of the details in the Korea Times story are very peculiar .
In bold is Korea Times reporting , our thoughts follow :
KT will be testing the phone in April , phone should be out in June .
Sounds about right .
Sounds about right .
It will have an OLED screen .
The Nexus One has an OLED screen , and the rumor mill keeps talking about this for Apple .
Maybe it happens , we 'll see if the tablet has one .
The Nexus One has an OLED screen , and the rumor mill keeps talking about this for Apple .
Maybe it happens , we 'll see if the tablet has one .
Live video chat .
A possibility , but again , one of those things the rumor mill always brings up .
A possibility , but again , one of those things the rumor mill always brings up .
Removable battery is highly likely .
We disagree .
Steve Jobs does n't seem like the type to allow a removable battery .
This is highly unlikely .
We disagree .
Steve Jobs does n't seem like the type to allow a removable battery .
This is highly unlikely .
Dual core processors .
We think Apple 's next generation phone will be more powerful , so maybe , assuming they do n't eat up too much battery .
We think Apple 's next generation phone will be more powerful , so maybe , assuming they do n't eat up too much battery .
Better still and video imaging .
All the competition upgraded its cameras , so we think Apple will too .
One question we still have is regarding the " 4G " name being used in the story .
Is this just a " fourth generation " iPhone they 're referring to ?
Or an iPhone capable of connecting to a 4G wireless network ?
Related : Overseas iPhone Sales Will Be Huge For Apple In 2010
More than 20 years ago , Canada negotiated a free trade agreement with the United States that attracted enormous public attention .
The first FTA -- to be followed a few years later by the North American Free Trade Agreement that brought Mexico into the mix -- played a pivotal role in a national election and ultimately resulted in dramatic changes to the economy and Canadian law .
Canada 's Most Secret Treaty read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Earlier this year , Canada and the European Union announced plans to negotiate a Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) , possibly the biggest Canadian trade negotiations since NAFTA .
The first round of talks took place in Ottawa in October , yet the treaty has generated practically no public scrutiny .
That may change following the leak last week of the European Union 's proposed intellectual property chapter .
Simply put , the EU demands target the entire Canadian economy .
They include increased patent protection for pharmaceutical companies , heightened support for famous trademarks , and new rules for industrial designs .
The EU is also keen on restrictions on the use of geographic indications , which would limit the ability of Canadian wine and cheese makers to use such words as champagne or parmesan .
What the EU wants
The EU has emphasized its desire that Canada comply with a series of treaties that have not been signed or ratified .
Demands focus on Canadian accession to The Hague System for the International Registration of Industrial Designs , implementation of the World Intellectual Property Organization Internet treaties , and compliance with both the Trademark Law Treaty and the Patent Law Treaty .
The EU draft indicates the treaty would also dramatically reshape Canadian copyright law .
Indeed , when combined with the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( the other ongoing secret negotiation ) , the two agreements would render Canadian copyright law virtually unrecognizable .
The notion of a " made - in - Canada " approach promoted by Industry Minister Tony Clement -- already under threat from ACTA -- would be lost entirely , replaced by a made - in - Washington - and - Brussels law .
The leaked document includes the following demands :
Copyright term extension .
The current term of copyright protection in Canada is life of the author plus 50 years .
This is consistent with the term requirements under the international law .
The EU is demanding that Canada add an additional 20 years by making the term life plus 70 years .
Digital lock provisions .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement digital lock provisions that include a ban on the distribution of circumvention devices .
There is no such requirement in the WIPO Internet treaties .
Enforcement provisions .
The EU is demanding that Canada establish a host of new enforcement provisions including measures to preserve evidence , ordering alleged infringers to disclose information on a wide range of issues , mandating disclosure of banking information in commercial infringement cases , as well as allowing for injunctive relief and destruction of goods .
There is also a full section on new border measures requirements .
Resale rights .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement a new resale right that would provide artists with a royalty based on any resales of their works subsequent to the first sale .
This new right would mean that paintings , sculptures , and other works would carry an additional royalty fee for any sales after the creator has sold their work .
While the leaked document may only represent the starting European position , there is little doubt there will be enormous pressure on Canadian negotiators to cave on the IP provision in return for gains in other areas .
CETA may not have attracted much attention to date , but its long - term implications could ultimately exceed the first Canada / U.S. FTA .
[ Editor 's note : the comment section is close for the holidays and will re-open Jan. 4th .
Thanks for all your thoughtful commentary this year .
Looking forward to more of the same in the next ! ]
New Orleans cops are busting hookers under a nineteenth century felony law against " unnatural copulation " ( NOLA PD says that oral or anal sex count ) , which means that they have to register as sex offenders .
And life as a sex offender is terrible :
Of the 861 sex offenders currently registered in New Orleans , 483 were convicted of a crime against nature , according to Doug Cain , a spokesperson with the Louisiana State Police .
And of those convicted of a crime against nature , 78 percent are Black and almost all are women .
The law impacts sex workers in both small and large ways .
Tabitha has to register an address in the sex offender database , and because she does n't have a permanent home , she has registered the address of a nonprofit organization that is helping her .
She also has to purchase and mail postcards with her picture to everyone in the neighborhood informing them of her conviction .
If she needs to evacuate to a shelter during a hurricane , she must evacuate to a special shelter for sex offenders , and this shelter has no separate safe spaces for women .
She is even prohibited from very ordinary activities in New Orleans like wearing a costume at Mardi Gras .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Terrance Gavan .
Photograph : West Yorkshire police / PA
A BNP member who spent a decade building up a cache of weapons in a bedroom hideaway was jailed for 11 years today .
Bus driver Terrance Gavan manufactured highly dangerous firearms and explosives at the home where he lived with his mother in Batley , West Yorkshire .
Police discovered 54 improvised bombs including nail bombs and a booby - trapped cigarette packet , as well as 12 firearms .
The former soldier told detectives that he had " a fascination with things that go bang " , the Old Bailey heard .
But Gavan also had a " strong hostility " towards immigrants , the court heard , and planned to target an address he had seen on a television programme that he believed was linked to the 7 July bomb attacks in London .
He told police he was a BNP member and letters to him from the party , as well as a copy of its magazine Hope and Glory , were found at his home .
The court heard that handwritten notebooks were found .
One note said : " The patriot must always be ready to defend his country against enemies and their governments . "
Gavan pleaded guilty to 22 counts including collecting information useful for terrorism and possessing explosives and firearms .
You thought you were going to read only about bongs and water pipes , did n’t you ?
Particularly ones that have been designed , created , and crafted from various materials that look and smoke great .
And you will .
But an article about such smoking devices is n’t really complete without at least a mention of the truly unique ways that cannabis connoisseurs get their sesh on when they do n’t have a bong ( or papers , vaporizer , blunt wraps , cigarettes , etc. ) to have a proper smoke .
We ’ve all been there .
And we ’ve all had our moments where we impressed even ourselves by fashioning a makeshift , simple bong in lieu of a conventional one .
Records indicate that a common smoking “ device ” centuries ago in some cultures was a gourd .
But if you do n’t live in an area bursting with gourds , do n’t despair .
Commonly , a simple “ bong ” can be created from the following :
Fruit ( e.g. , apple , watermelon , orange , pineapple , etc. )
Vegetables ( avocado , pumpkin , cucumber , etc. )
A soda or beer can
A water bottle
Toilet paper and tin foil
Film cannister
The Anatomy of a Bong
Let ’s take a look at the three basic pieces :
Water Chamber :
At the bottom is its base , which usually includes a bulbous , bubble - shaped chamber for holding water , hence the term “ water bong ” .
It ’s this part , when filled with water , that filters out residue and unwanted particles while also cooling the smoke .
The end result is a smoke that is smoother on the throat and easier on the lungs .
For many people , the effects are also clearer and more noticeable .
Tube :
When you draw from the heated bowl of weed , the smoke passes through the water chamber and streams up into a vertical tube , through the mouthpiece , and into your lungs .
Usually , tubes are straight and upright .
However , truly inspired and creative bong makers tend to create tubes with various chambers that are often elaborate and intricately linked for further filtering of the smoke .
It ’s also a major reason it is considered artistic , beautiful , innovative , and / or valuable .
Downstem :
The purpose of the downstem is , when you inhale , to draw air and smoke into the water , which creates bubbles .
The downstem protrudes diagonally from a small hole near the base of the tube .
The top of it is where the bowl rests , usually flared into the right shape to hold your dried weed .
The bottom part of it sits in the water chamber .
A stationary downstem includes a carburetor , a small hole located above the water line .
The carb is covered while inhaling , usually with your thumb , and then released when you ’re ready to clear the tube as you finish your toke .
A slider downstem , on the other hand , functions differently , as the stem is pulled out instead .
The bowl can be large , medium , or small according to your sesh preferences .
If the maker was in a particularly creative bent , the bowl can be as decorative as the chambers and other parts of the device .
Some people consider the bowl and carburetor basic parts , so they describe a bong as having five pieces .
Advantages of Bong Smoking
Smoking using a water bong has several advantages that illustrate why it ’s such a popular smoking device .
Advantage 1 : Smooth Pulls
One of the main advantages that attracts smokers is the bong ’s ability to filter and cool the smoke as it percolates through the water .
This makes for a smooth pull even when you inhale a lot of smoke .
Advantage 2 : Cleaner Hits
Smoking from a bong is cleaner than smoking a joint or firing your weed up in a small pipe .
Your throat and respiratory system do n’t suffer as much from these hits , yet you still can enjoy the aroma and flavor cannabis is known for .
Advantage 3 : A Fluid Experience
Using a bong is usually a more fluid experience than other means of smoking dry herb , which means there is less chance of getting clogged or dirty .
Advantage 4 : It ’s Social
Although a joint can easily be a shared experience – “ pass the grass , dude ” – not much is more shareable than seshing with a gaggle of your BFFs .
There are disadvantages , as well .
One is that bongs are bulky and often awkward , especially if designed with an assortment of intricately linked chambers .
Although mini-bongs are easy to carry around , bongs in general are not portable .
There ’s always a risk of one breaking into a gazillion pieces .
So , while we do n’t recommend bongs for traveling or smoking on the go , it ’s hard to beat such a sesh at home .
Best Type Of Bongs
There are several things that must be considered before you make such a serious choice :
Are you a daily smoker ?
Heavily so ?
Are you a couple - times - a - week type ?
Is it just for you ?
Or do you sesh and share with others regularly ?
Are you constantly mobile ?
Or do you prefer a home sesh ?
To truly choose the right bong for you , your smoking habits should be heavily factored in .
As is sometimes the case when describing cylindrical apparatuses , size matters .
In this case , however , it can refer to more than one aspect of your sesh :
Lung capacity ( can you fill the chamber with smoke and then clear it all or are you leaving room in the chamber and / or having to hit it a 2nd time ? )
Chamber
Mouthpiece
Bowl
Nugget to be smoked
Now that you ’ve clarified the size of your needs , it ’s time to consider the various materials that bongs are commonly made of .
In general , there are two basic categories of materials – traditional and modern .
MODERN
Glass
Glass is easy , smooth , and classic – it looks great , offers a clean smoke , and can be used every day .
There ’s always the risk of breakage with a glass bong – and this is true of a soft glass water bong , where the glass is thinner and weaker .
Although popular , it might not last too long with heavy daily use .
However , there are plenty of glass bongs that are sturdy and powerful , making them ideal for everyday use .
Good strong glass makes it sturdy , durable , and popular .
Nearly any glass bong can be personalized with an assortment of attachments that fasten or attach onto it for a unique sesh experience .
Such attachments include :
Diffusers
Ice catchers
Splash guards
Ash catchers
Extra bowls
And more
Although extras can customize your sesh experience , cleaning is more time - consuming and detailed .
Yet , clear glass bongs allow you to see the degree of cloudiness in your water .
This means that , despite the drawbacks of cleaning , you always know when it ’s time to clean it , especially if you ’re the type who ’s obsessed with clean smoking devices .
Acrylic / Plastic
Acrylic or plastic has always been popular because it is generally cheaper .
Most plastic or acrylic bongs include a carburator , which also adds to their popularity .
They ’re also durable , which also makes them good value for the money .
Despite their popularity , plastic bongs come with risks , as more and more evidence states the harm they can cause to your health when regularly used .
For most cannabis connoisseurs , however , that might not be the most important thing ; that plastic bongs minimizes the great taste of the weed is !
TRADITIONAL
Wood
Wood bongs are gorgeous .
They are typically made from bamboo for a more durable , stylish attention - getter .
For many smokers , a wood device is thought to be an authentic way to sesh , as it ’s been used for smoking in Thailand for centuries .
Though simple , undecorated wood bongs have a natural appeal , they can be made with ornamentation or intricate , creative designs and colors for a more personal style .
Ceramics
Ceramic bongs are fantastic .
First , they usually come in a variety of creative , fun designs that can be a funky center of attention .
Common figures include :
Buddha
Jesus
Naked figures
Skulls
Mushrooms
Gnomes
Animals
And more
For a clean , pure - tasting hit , a ceramic water pipe or bong is fantastic .
Many cannabis connoisseurs say no other material is better .
Ceramic is heavy , so smoking devices are usually smaller .
This makes them difficult to clean .
It also makes them better for infrequent use of special occasions .
Lastly , the water in a ceramic water bong is hidden , so frequent use can make the water dirty without your even knowing it .
If you ’re looking for a short - term solution , and ca n’t buy a bong right now .
Check out our homemade bong ideas !
You can find interesting bongs buying a stoner subscription box .
Warm , salty Atlantic ocean water normally enters the Arctic to replace water that flows out of the Arctic through the Fram Strait along the east coast of Greenland .
However , that normal process has greatly accelerated this fall allowing Atlantic Ocean water to penetrate much further into the Arctic Ocean than normal .
Salinity anomalies show the strongly enhanced transport of Atlantic water into the Arctic along the Siberian continental shelf and Arctic Ocean water into the Atlantic along the east coasts of Greenland and Canada .
By FishOutofWater
Open water in formerly ice covered ocean is changing the Arctic weather in the fall .
The open water acted on by winds , speeding up currents .
Moreover the heating caused by the open water is generating stronger southerly winds off of Siberia in the fall are speeding up the rate of flow of Atlantic water towards Alaska .
Two papers just published reveal 2 additional processes that are speeding up currents and mixing in the Arctic .
Both of these processes are accelerating the loss of summer sea ice , strongly affecting Arctic ecosystems .
First , the loss of summer sea ice is allowing larger waves to form in the Arctic Ocean .
These waves are increasing mixing of fresh surface waters that originate from rivers flowing into the Arctic with saltier water of Atlantic or Pacific origin .
Figure 2( a) Daily ( gray ) and 30 - day running - mean ( black ) NCEP wind speed at the SBI3 mooring site .
Red arrows indicate storms , defined as periods when daily wind speed exceeds 10 m s−1 .
( b ) Magnitude of the inertial currents at SBI3 as a function of depth and time , in m s−1 .
Black contours indicate vertical shear > 10−2 s−1 . ( c ) Time series of the east component of the SBI3 inertial current at 10 -m depth .
( d) Time - series of inertial shear magnitude , calculated between 10 and 30 m and smoothed over 3 days , from ADCP data from SBI3 ( black ) and SBI4 ( gray ) .
Mean shear from the 1994 SIMI ice camp [ Halle and Pinkel , 2003 ] is indicated by thin red bars .
Thick black bars at the top of Figures 2b , 2c , and 2d indicate the presence of sea ice as derived from the ADCP data .
White arrows are discussed in the text .
By FishOutofWater
The authors note that there is still a large amount of uncertainty in understanding the dynamics of the circulation of the Arctic Ocean .
Given that caveat , they suggest that it is probable that strongly increased mixing will change the transport of water across the Arctic ocean affecting northern hemisphere ocean currents and climate .
Geophysical Research Letters ( firewalled )
It is still unclear what dynamics force the pan-Arctic circulation of Atlantic Water .
Zhang and Steele [ 2007 ] found that , by changing mixing parameterizations in their coupled ice - ocean model from mid-latitude values to the weak values assumed for the Arctic Ocean , they could reverse the direction of Atlantic Water flow in the western Arctic ( weaker mixing resulted in more cyclonic circulation ) .
Moreover , there is increasing evidence that the double diffusive structures that are so ubiquitous to the Arctic [ Carmack et al. , 1997 ] may be an integral part of mid-depth exchange between the Arctic Ocean boundary currents and the interior [ McLaughlin et al. , 2009 ] .
The velocity of these structures is 2 orders of magnitude less than the IWs ( ed. note - Internal Wave ) we observe , and thus any significant wind - generated IW activity is likely to become a dominant mixing mechanism in the Arctic .
It seems probable that a dramatic increase in mixing could fundamentally change pan-Arctic water transport and water mass transformations .
This in turn would influence the Arctic 's climate connections with the world ocean .
...
We are perhaps about to experience a one - off experiment , the wind - driven spin-up of the Arctic Ocean .
The second paperJGR Oceans ( firewalled ) shows that ocean currents and sea ice transport rapidly sped up from 1979 to 2004 , but that neither weather nor climate change were the direct causes .
The authors observe that currents increased strongly in the fall in areas where the ocean had partial sea ice cover .
This is a possible example of an unanticipated feedback loop indirectly caused by global warming .
The speed of sea ice motion greatly increased increased from 1979 to 2004 .
By FishOutofWater
The authors propose that the ice velocity increased in response to ice thinning and the increase in open ocean area .
Wind velocities were similar in the periods 1979 - 1986 and 1997 - 2004 , but the speed of ice movement was much faster .
Changes in winds and weather cannot explain the faster moving ice .
In this study , we examined the seasonal and interannual to decadal variability of the downwelling in the interior Beaufort Sea .
The downwelling reaches its seasonal maximum in the fall and minimum in the summer .
The seasonal variability is forced by the appearance of a high SLP center from the fall to spring .
The wind stress and ice velocity are both anticyclonic from fall to spring .
They force an offshore Ekman transport ( ed. link explains Ekman transport ) away from the Alaskan and Canadian coasts .
The transport converges in the Beaufort Sea , and results in a downwelling in all seasons .
The downwelling in the Beaufort Sea varied significantly on the interannual to decadal time scales .
The variation , however , was not correlated significantly with the Arctic Oscillation index .
We performed three additional experiments and were able to identify that the change of sea ice velocity was mainly responsible for the variability of the downwelling .
It was interesting to note that the ice velocity accelerated in the 28 year period .
The acceleration was not driven solely by the wind stress .
The geostrophic wind condition was actually similar between 1979 – 1986 and 1997 –2004 .
But the ice velocity was much greater in the latter period .
We hypothesize that the change of ice dynamics ( thinner and less areal coverage ) was responsible for the change of ice velocity .
The weather patterns that have been causing the cold spell in the eastern United states and western Europe are enhancing the flow of warm salty water originating in the Gulf stream towards Greenland and Norway .
The Gulf Stream is north of normal .
By FishOutofWater
Weather , ocean currents and climate are changing in the north Atlantic and Arctic oceans as the speed of global warming accelerates .
Positive feedbacks caused by thinning sea ice , open ocean water , warming water and atmospheric warming are rapidly removing sea ice from the Arctic .
From Conservapedia
[ 1 ] Betts stated " I want socialism , and I ’ll not wait for the idiots to finally come round understanding . "
Dressed in all black with his face covered , Antifa terrorist Connor Betts during the Dayton nightclub attack Betts stated " I want socialism , and I ’ll not wait for the idiots to finally come round understanding . "
Socialism refers to a set of related socio-economic systems based on control by a bureaucratic elite of the means of production ( as opposed to individuals personally owning property ) .
It is a failed system .
[ 2 ] ideology based on hate , envy , and mass murder [ 3 ] and which promotes totalitarianism at the expense of individual freedom . [ 4 ]
The movement is responsible for the murder of at least 94 million people over the past 100 years .
[ 5 ]
The fundamental flaw of socialism is the belief that one person has the right to the fruit of another person 's labor and private property , for example , that healthcare paid by others is a " human right . "
Socialism has led to increased bureaucracy and reduced freedom even in Scandinavia , [ 6 ] and it has been tried and failed in countries such as the United Kingdom , India , and Israel during the 20th century . [ 7 ]
[ 8 ] [ 9 ]
" Socialism with Chinese characteristics " is defined as having your heart cut out while you 're still alive . [ 10 ]
The global elite and American leftists look to CCP murderer Xi Jinping for Hope after the election of Donald Trump " Socialism with Chinese characteristics " is defined as having your heart cut out while you 're still alive .
As a political theory , socialism relies on scapegoating to build a constituent base .
For example , that " the rich , " or " Jews , " or " millionaires and billionaires , " or " the top 1 % " are responsible for all of humanity 's ills .
Socialism targets the youth of a nation and people without life experience using naive , simplistic , and " feel good " slogans ( " Medicare for All , " " tuition - free education , " " free housing . " etc. , for example ) that on the surface appeal to self - interest , while asking nothing of the hearers to contribute to the economic well being of their fellow citizens or society .
Once in power , Socialists compel compliance with authoritarian decrees ( the " individual mandate " and " shared responsibility payment , " for example ) suppress criticism , censor free speech , silence or exterminate opposition in order to maintain power for themselves .
There is nothing democratic about socialism , and terms such as democratic socialism or social democracy are oxymorons that are typical of Marxist " double speak " and " double think . "
Socialist leaders often live in extreme luxury even as they fail to improve the lives of those they rule over , [ 11 ] and its destructive effects on society often are irreversible . [ 12 ]
Socialism is fully compatible with " big business , " or crony capitalism . [ 13 ]
As a social theory , the modern Democratic party uses identity politics to create a new " oppressed class " of victims which replaces the traditional worker / peasant / proletariat victims of the imaginary " oppressor class " - " the bourgeois " . [ 14 ]
Socialism preys on people who fall victim to the sins of envy and covetousness , and raises Iconoclasm and nihilism as exalted virtues .
Left - wing professors and universities have played a large role in advancing socialist ideology . [ 15 ]
Many individual socialists and groups display juvenile , adolescent , and cult - like behavior .
As an economic theory , socialism is an authoritarian system which advocates strict command and control of incomes and distribution or rationing of goods and services , including food and healthcare .
High taxation to expropriate wealth from the supposed " oppressor class " is common to all socialist regimes .
Removal of incentives and demonizing the profit motive , while expecting common people to produce goods and services , and supply tax revenues to government , for little or no pay is a psychotic dream .
After exterminating " corporations " and " the rich , " the cost burden of government - which controls everything - naturally falls to an impoverished working class , the unemployed , and homeless which previously paid no taxes .
And no one can retain anything for themselves because the profit motive is disincentivized or outlawed .
Due to its core anti-democratic and authoritarian precepts , socialism is considered treasonous to America 's central ideal of liberty .
Socialism at all times has never amounted to more than a criminal gang that enlists the aid of academics and disgruntled , naive youth and the misfits of society .
One of the most well known socialist regimes of the 20th century was the National Socialist German Workers ' Party ( Nazi Party ) , headed by Adolf Hitler . [ 16 ]
Through affirmative action programs , Nazism granted workers and peasants access to educational and employment opportunities previously only available to the German bourgeois and nobility ( the " oppressor class " ) .
Both Communism and Nazism are totalitarian or statist , subverting the rights of individuals to the collective of a single party .
Nazism deviates from orthodox Marxist theory in substituting racial and ethnic conflict for economic class warfare .
Nazism substituted " Jews " as the oppressor class , responsible for all societal woes , rather than " the rich , " " Republicans , " or " white males " as modern leftists do .
The Second World War was a life and death struggle between two leftwing interpretations of socialism - both atheistic and subverting the rights of individuals to the state , one considering " equality " to apply only to members of a nation or race , the other multicultural and globalist .
After the United States assisted the communist victory over National Socialism ( see Popular Front liberalism ) , the Cold War was an effort to suppress the spread of global communism .
Socialists consider all forms of capitalism as " fascist " ( see Antifa ) .
Roots
Socialism has its roots in visions of imaginary ideal societies , from thinkers who drew up elaborated designs and concepts for creating what they considered a more equal society , along collectivist lines or abolished private property ; the primary ideas came from British and French thinkers like Saint - Simon , Charles Fourier , Louis Blanc , and Robert Owen preceded by Thomas More , Tommaso Campanella , and Jean Meslier .
Historic types
Engels , Lenin , The Russian caption reads , " Long live the great unbeatable flag of Marx Stalin ! "
There are three main kinds of Socialism , all of them are built on the premise of government control of the means of production .
Leninism
Marxist Socialism , or Leninism , as revised by Vladimir Lenin and practiced in the pre-Stalin Soviet Union , was the Socialistic theory developed by Vladimir Lenin during his rise to power .
Lenin defined socialism as a transitional stage between capitalism and communism . [ 17 ]
Leninism is totalitarian , with no democracy and all decisions are made by the leaders of the Communist party .
Lenin saw the Communist Party as an " elite " that was committed to ending capitalism and instituting socialism in its place and attaining the power by any means possible , including revolution .
Lenin was quite mild on the belief , believing that , though controlling of resources was important , the people 's will comes first .
Though Bolshevik Russia was somewhat more prosperous than its former Tsardom , Lenin 's death in 1924 sparked the overthrow of his Marxist–Leninism and the imposition of Stalinism , the violent , totalitarian belief that went against some of Lenin 's ideas ( many of Lenin 's works were censored by Stalin post - 1924 ) .
" Democratic " Socialism
The second form of Socialism ( sometimes called " Revisionism " ) prevailed in Europe down to the 1970s , and is typified by the Fabian Society and the British Labour Party .
It was inspired by Socialism and closely linked to labor unions that had real power .
The goal was for Industrial Democracy , that is , for the government to own ( " nationalize " ) major industries such as coal mining , railways , steel making , shipbuilding , airlines , and banking .
Small businesses remained private .
The idea was that labor unions controlled the government and therefore unions controlled working conditions and wages for the benefit of workers , regardless of the damage to long - term economic growth .
The Socialists were well organized and after 1918 they bitterly fought the breakaway faction that became the Communist movement .
In recent years major Socialist parties ( in Europe and Canada ) have sometimes dropped the long - standing demands for state ownership of the means of production and have mostly accepted " Controlled Capitalism " .
However , they remain tied to labor unions and favor liberal policies regarding high taxes and public spending .
Conservatives have been negative toward the economics of the second form of socialism .
Conservatives complain socialists use government power to redistribute wealth .
Within the European Union , a form of democratic socialism was initially viewed as successful but eventually lead to lowered social equity and a downward spiraling economy , as well as general discontent .
Although this acts as a drag on the economy , in democratic countries of the industrialized west , some socialist ideas have been put into practice with varying degrees of success .
Beginning in 2010 many European countries were racked with rioting and social unrest as governments began to back away from out - of - control entitlements that began bankrupting them and lead to a world financial crisis because of unrestrained debt . [ 18 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ]
In the early 21st century , Socialism was becoming increasingly prominent in the West . [ 21 ]
Communal Socialism
The third form of Socialism has nothing to do with Marx or government ownership , and emphasizes the importance of the community over the individual .
Usually it means small communities sharing most of their possessions .
The most famous examples are the religious Shakers of the 19th century ( a conservative group ) , and the new - left communes that briefly existed in the 1960s and 70s .
Early American settlers , as in Plymouth or Virginia , tried it but quickly abandoned it .
The Pilgrims in Plymouth used communal farming their first winter but then after a dismal harvest that first year , moved to a system where there was a more direct incentive other than guilt and honor .
Governor Bradford summed it up in his journal : " And so assigned to every family a parcel of land , according to the proportion of their number , for that end , only for present use ( but made no division for inheritance ) and ranged all boys and youth under some family .
This had very good success , for it made all hands very industrious , so as much more corn was planted than otherwise would have been by any means the Governor or any other could use , and saved him a great deal of trouble , and gave far better content .
The women now went willingly into the field , and took their little ones with them to set corn ; which before would allege weakness and inability ; whom to have compelled would have been thought great tyranny and oppression . "
Not only were all hands more industrious — the incentive to harvest communal corn before it was fully ripe , a problem equivalent to poaching in the case of wildlife , was also eliminated . [ 22 ]
Influence of Russia on socialism
Not until the birth of the Soviet Union after the Communist Revolution did the idea become generally accepted that socialism meant government seizing ownership of the economy .
Experience in 19th and 20th century France , England , and Germany , however , made it clear that regulatory control by government bureaucrats is sufficient to implement socialism . [ 23 ]
In Communism ( the primary variant of socialism ) the central goal is to establish a " workers ' paradise " - an ideal state with perfect equality .
In practice the socialist government owns the banks , railroads , farmlands , factories , and stores , and is the only employer , or at least controls the regulation of production and distribution .
The central goal is to destroy the " evils of capitalism " by government ownership or control of the means of production , usually with one party controlling the government on behalf of the working class .
The socialist system never manages to establish this " paradise " because management for the benefit of the employees leads to featherbedding and lack of investment or economic growth , at the expense of consumers .
Collective farming ( operating farms like factories ) sharply reduced the food supply .
The most thoroughgoing efforts by Communist regimes turned into authoritarian dictatorships .
The government controls all investments , production , distribution , income , and prices , as well as all organizations , schools , news media and formerly private societies .
Churches and labor unions are suppressed or controlled by the government .
Socialism is the antithesis of capitalism , because it opposes private ownership of capital or land , and rejects the free market in favor of central planning .
It also rejects " civil society " and makes sure that all organizations are controlled by the government .
Theoretically , socialist regimes can have multiple parties .
In practice there is only one political party , and it controls the government .
The leaders of the party choose the government officials and set all policies for the nation and for cities and localities .
Opposition parties are not allowed access to the media or to meeting halls or to funding , and their leaders are often arrested as " enemies of the people . "
As a political ideology based on the redistribution of wealth , socialism stresses the privileges of the many over the rights of the few , but in practice when socialist economic principles are forced onto a nation by a totalitarian government a new Upper Class appears which is much better off than the Lower Class .
“ Socialism is a philosophy of failure , the creed of ignorance , and the gospel of envy .
Its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery .
- Winston Churchill [ 24 ] ”
Socialism supposedly is an " intellectual " pursuit .
Raisa Gorbachev , the wife of the last General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party Mikhail Gorbachev , held a " PhD in Marxism - Leninism . "
Raisa Gorbachev died in a German hospital of leukemia because her beloved Soviet homeland was incapable of delivering proper healthcare , even for the elite of the Soviet Socialist Republic , after 70 years of socialism .
National Socialism
The Ludwig von Mises Institute declares :
The identification of Nazi Germany as a socialist state was one of the many great contributions of Ludwig von Mises ...
The basis of the claim that Nazi Germany was capitalist was the fact that most industries in Nazi Germany appeared to be left in private hands .
What Mises identified was that private ownership of the means of production existed in name only under the Nazis and that the actual substance of ownership of the means of production resided in the German government .
For it was the German government and not the nominal private owners that exercised all of the substantive powers of ownership : it , not the nominal private owners , decided what was to be produced , in what quantity , by what methods , and to whom it was to be distributed , as well as what prices would be charged and what wages would be paid , and what dividends or other income the nominal private owners would be permitted to receive .
The position of the alleged private owners , Mises showed , was reduced essentially to that of government pensioners .
De facto government ownership of the means of production , as Mises termed it , was logically implied by such fundamental collectivist principles embraced by the Nazis as that the common good comes before the private good and the individual exists as a means to the ends of the State .
If the individual is a means to the ends of the State , so too , of course , is his property .
Just as he is owned by the State , his property is also owned by the State .
Commonalities of Communism , Nazism and liberalism
Communist Manifesto Nazi Party Platform Analysis 1 " Abolition of property in land and application of all rents of land to public purposes . "
" We demand an agrarian reform in accordance with our national requirements , and the enactment of a law to expropriate the owners without compensation of any land needed for the common purpose .
The abolition of ground rents , and the prohibition of all speculation in land . "
The stripping away of land from private owners .
Liberalism today demands " eminent domain " on property .
2 " A heavy progressive or graduated income tax . "
" We demand the nationalization of all trusts ... profit - sharing in large industries ... a generous increase in old - age pensions ... by providing maternity welfare centers , by prohibiting juvenile labor ... and the creation of a national ( folk ) army . "
The points raised in the Nazi platform demand an increase in taxes to support them .
Liberalism today demands heavy progressive and graduated income taxes .
3 " Abolition of all rights of inheritance . "
" That all unearned income , and all income that does not arise from work , be abolished . "
Liberalism today demands a " death tax " on anyone inheriting an estate .
4 " Confiscation of the property of all emigrants and rebels . "
" We demand that all non-Germans who have entered Germany since August 2 , 1914 , shall be compelled to leave the Reich immediately . "
The Nuremberg Laws of 1934 allowed Germany to take Jewish property .
5 " Centralisation of credit in the hands of the state , by means of a national bank with State capital and an exclusive monopoly . "
" We demand the nationalization of all trusts . "
Central control of the financial system .
6 " Centralisation of the means of communication and transport in the hands of the State . "
" We demand that there be a legal campaign against those who propagate deliberate political lies and disseminate them through the press ... editors and their assistants on newspapers published in the German language shall be German citizens ... Non-German newspapers shall only be published with the express permission of the State ... the punishment for transgressing this law be the immediate suppression of the newspaper ... "
Central control of the press .
Liberals today demand control or suppression of talk radio and Fox News . 7 " Free education for all children in public schools .
Abolition of children ’s factory labour in its present form .
Combination of education with industrial production , &c , &c . "
" In order to make it possible for every capable and industrious German to obtain higher education , and thus the opportunity to reach into positions of leadership , the State must assume the responsibility of organizing thoroughly the entire cultural system of the people .
The curricula of all educational establishments shall be adapted to practical life .
The conception of the State Idea ( science of citizenship ) must be taught in the schools from the very beginning .
We demand that specially talented children of poor parents , whatever their station or occupation , be educated at the expense of the State .
" Central control of education , with an emphasis on doing things their way .
Liberals today are doing things their way in our schools .
Britain , the Labour Party and Socialism
Hitler found the notion of single - party control very attractive .
That , and the idea of creating a " New man " in a godless socialist order , enlightened by science , victorious over their oppressors .
Nazism was outlawed at the end of World War II
At its inception , the Labour Party borrowed socialist ideas by committing itself to a program of nationalization under ' Clause 4 ' of their Constitution , but was always fundamentally committed to the British system of parliamentary government .
Clause 4 was formally dropped after the election of Tony Blair as Party leader , signaling the creation of ' New ' Labour . [ 28 ]
The British governments of 1945 - 1950 and 1950 - 1951 under Clement Attlee implemented the nationalization of several industries and utilities , including coal , steel , water , railways and electricity .
Former owners of nationalized industries were compensated .
The best - known example is the nationalization of health care to create the National Health Service ( NHS ) .
This made - literally overnight - health care " free " at the point of delivery for everybody in Britain , and it remains so today .
In the 1980s under Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher most of the nationalized industries were returned to the private sector , and public housing has been sold to the residents .
These conservative decisions were endorsed by the " New Labour " of Tony Blair , to the annoyance of elderly radicals who fondly remember the poverty and inefficiencies of the old system .
Obamunism
Main article : Obamunism
In April 2010 , American political consultant Dick Morris wrote :
“ When Obama took office , federal , state and local spending accounted for 30 percent of gross domestic product .
Now it is up to 35 percent , and when health care is fully implemented , it will rise to above 40 percent .
But taxes are still below 30 percent .
The difference is the deficit , now grown to 10 percent of our GDP .
If our government is to continue spending 40 percent of our GDP , we will morph into the European model of a socialist democracy .
But if we can roll the spending back to 30 percent , while holding taxes level , we will retain our free market system . [ 29 ] ”
[ 30 ]
Shepard Fairey , designer of the official Obama hope and change logo , is more known for his anti-American and pro-communist themes .
Here a Maoist revolutionary is depicted .
Anita Dunn , the political strategist and former White House Communications Director , admitted that one of favorite political philosophers , one that she “ turns to the most ” , is Mao Zedong , the communist dictator responsible for the starvation , torture , and killing of 70 million Chinese . [ 31 ]
Critics of the Obama administration have coined the word " Obamunism " to describe Barack Obama 's socialistic and " fascism light " economic planning policies ( Benito Mussolini defined fascism as the wedding of state and corporate powers .
Accordingly , trend forecaster Gerald Celente labels Obama 's corporate bailouts as being " fascism light " in nature ) . [ 32 ] [ 33 ]
Obamunism can also allude to Obama 's ruinous fiscal policies and reckless monetary policies . [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ]
Stimulus
Larry Summers was the Director of the White House 's National Economic Council ( NEC ) for President Barack Obama .
George Gerald Reisman , Professor Emeritus of Economics at Pepperdine University and author of Capitalism : A Treatise on Economics , wrote that Summers ' socialistic ideas on redistributing wealth demonstrate that Larry Summers is a " lightweight leftist " who " fails to understand the nature of the most essential feature of capitalism , namely , private ownership of the means of production and the indispensable role it plays in the standard of living of the average person . " [ 37 ]
Reisman also wrote that Summers is a shallow and ignorant man whose knowledge of economics is minimal and whose evil views qualify him to be the economic advisor to Hugo Chavez of Venezuela or Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe , but do not qualify him to be an economic advisor to the President of the United States . [ 37 ]
Land grab
In August 2010 , Hot Air declared :
“ The federal government , as the memo boasted , is the nation ’s “ largest land manager . ”
It already owns roughly one of every three acres in the United States .
This is apparently not enough .
At a “ listening session ” in New Hampshire last week , government bureaucrats trained their sights on millions of private forest land throughout the New England region .
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack crusaded for “ the need for additional attention to the Land and Water Conservation Fund — and the need to promptly support full funding of that fund . ”
Property owners have every reason to be worried .
The Land and Water Conservation Fund ( LWCF ) is a pet project of green radicals , who want the decades - old government slush fund for buying up private lands to be freed from congressional appropriations oversight .
It ’s paid for primarily with receipts from the government ’s offshore oil and gas leases .
Both Senate and House Democrats have included $ 900 million in full LWCF funding , not subject to congressional approval , in their energy / BP oil spill legislative packages . [ 38 ] ”
You did n't build that
For a more detailed treatment , see You did n't build that .
On July 13 , 2012 , at a campaign event in Virginia , Obama gave a speech that immediately stirred up controversy .
Speaking about the government 's role in the success of private business , he said : [ 39 ]
“ If you were successful , somebody along the line gave you some help .
There was a great teacher somewhere in your life .
Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive .
Somebody invested in roads and bridges .
If you ’ve got a business - you did n’t build that .
Somebody else made that happen . ”
Obamacare diktats
See also : Obamacare
The Romney campaign has used " If you ’ve got a business — you did n’t build that " in ads to show America that Obama believes it is government that creates business rather than hard - working individuals .
The Obama campaign has alternatively stated that the sentenced was poorly worded since he was not giving a scripted speech and that when Obama said " that " he was referring to roads and bridges .
Obama points to a later portion of his speech in which he said , " The point is , is that when we succeed , we succeed because of our individual initiative , but also because we do things together , " to support his claim .
The centerpiece of Obamacare was the individual mandate or diktat , a provision that makes it mandatory for every citizen to purchase private health insurance , which was unprecedented in American history .
There was no bi-partisan or national consensus . [ 40 ] [ 41 ]
More than 150 million Americans were completely locked out of the process . [ 42 ] [ 43 ]
Obama 's progressive Democratic Socialists had single party control . [ 44 ] [ 45 ]
Censorship of journalists
On May 13 , 2013 the Associated Press announced telephone records for 20 of their reporters had been subpoenaed by the Justice Department .
The Justice Dept. subpoenaed the phone records of AP from Verizon and other service providers . [ 46 ]
The AP claimed these acts were a " massive and unprecedented intrusion " into news - gathering . [ 47 ] [ 48 ] CEO Gary Pruitt of AP stated : " These records potentially reveal communications with confidential sources across all of the newsgathering activities undertaken by the AP during a two - month period , provide a road map to AP 's newsgathering operations and disclose information about AP 's activities and operations that the government has no conceivable right to know . " [ 49 ] [ 50 ]
A few years earlier , Attn. Gen. Eric Holder renewed a subpoena of James Risen , a reporter for the New York Times .
Risen and a colleague reported on warrantless wiretaps .
The coverage won Risen and colleague a Pulitzer Prize for “ carefully sourced stories on secret domestic eavesdropping that stirred a national debate . ”
The Justice Dept. John Brennan , an avowed communist , played a key role in the illegal wiretap program , overseeing the production of what personnel in the program called the “ scary memos ” intended to justify domestic spying exposed by Risen .
Brennan later admitted that he relied on information from CIA 's torture program rather than domestic spying , which was used as a cover .
In June 2013 Comey 's FBI opened a case on CBS News anchor Sharyl Attkisson under the auspices of ' national security . '
Attkisson reported news embarrassing to Eric Holder on Operation Fast and Furious and extensively on the Benghazi massacre coverup . [ 51 ]
Police state surveillance of opponents
Contradictory Goals of Socialism
Socialism 's stated purpose is to eliminate the huge gap between the highest and lowest classes of society .
Their bitter complaint has been that the upper class exploits its dominance to gain privileges and wealth , while the lower class must suffer tyranny and poverty . [ 52 ]
This obsession with class paradoxically creates a group of people with a vested interest in seeing class differences remain ( socialist politicians , community organizers , etc. ) ; if by some means the class system actually were destroyed , these people would be out of a job .
Another essential goal of most socialist thinkers has been to eliminate Capitalism , [ 53 ] on the grounds that only " social control " of the economy can prevent abuses such as feudalism , monopoly , cartels , etc .
But experiments on both a moderate and a grand scale have shown that socialism 's main purpose has been undermined by its unremitting opposition to free market economics .
In its drive to eliminate capitalism , it has overlooked the fact that general prosperity is vouchsafed by economic freedom , and that free market economics improves the lot of the poor much more quickly and permanently than any system of central economic control .
The real aim of socialists is probably personal : why else would socialists want to create programs which encourage Dependency ?
Well , it fits into their lust for power .
People who want to control others need people who are willing to be controlled .
Independent , proactive people do not fit into the socialist Power Model .
That is why the first thing Marx wanted to remove from the economy was the Profit Motive : it gives people an incentive to make their own decisions !
Key elements
As a political ideology based on the expropriation of wealth , socialism stresses the privileges of the nomenklatura over the rights of workers and earners .
Many of the most notoriously oppressive dictatorships have been socialist , such as the Soviet Union and China under Mao Zedong .
Private wealth was seized and the owners executed .
Economic theory
The atheist Karl Marx is sometimes referred to as the father of socialism .
Economist Thomas Sowell observed :
“ The Marxian contribution to economics can be readily summarized as virtually zero .
Professional economics as it exists today reflects no indication that Karl Marx ever existed ...
[ T ]he development of modern economics has simply ignored Marx .
Even economists who are Marxists typically utilize a set of analytical tools to which Marx contributed nothing . [ 54 ] ”
Because the individual is subordinate to the collective , the use of democide , or " death by government , " is another feature of socialism in the final stage of bringing about a single party , anti-democratic totalitarian regime .
Welfare state
As an economic theory , democratic socialism calls for equalization of incomes , through taxation of private wealth coupled with welfare state spending .
The nationalization of major industries is primarily a device to allow the unionized workers to control their own wages and working conditions , cutting out the capitalistic owners .
State pensions and unemployment insurance were not brought in by Socialists — they were first introduced by arch - conservative Chancellor Bismarck in Germany in the 1870s .
In Britain they were introduced about 1910 by Winston Churchill and David Lloyd George of the Liberal Party , and in the U.S. were part of Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's New Deal in the 1930s .
Welfare state ideas such as universal health care , and state control of key industries have been common throughout the developed world in the modern era .
However , the United States has always rejected socialism as an ideological position , with a few exceptions such as the TVA .
So - called " mixed economies "
Social democracies and Mixed economies are socialism by incrementalism .
Often socialism is a matter of degree and numerous economies in the world are very socialistic such as European countries ( many of which are facing financial difficulties due to over taxation and excessive spending ) .
[ 55 ]
The single party has yet to gain full control .
Because many businesses still are privately owned , ipso facto , the United States is not a socialistic government .
" That definition is confuted by the earliest theoretical writings on socialism .
In France , Henri de Saint - Simon , in the first decades of the 1800s , and his pupil and colleague Auguste Comte , in the 1820s and 30s , along with Robert Owen contemporaneously in England , stated that the essential feature of what Owen called socialism is government regulation of the means of production and distribution . " [ 56 ]
When the government controls the volume of money and its economic applications , it has the economy in a stranglehold .
When government controls education so that nothing other than secular socialism may be taught , as Saint - Simon advocated , it controls the future destiny of a nation .
Religion
Some forms of socialism have often been atheistic in character , and many leading socialists ( most prominently Karl Marx ) have been critical of the role of religion - and conservative religion in particular - which they criticize for lending support to an unjust social order .
Other Socialists have been Christians , and there has been considerable interplay between Christian and Socialist ideas .
Christian socialists have asserted that early Christian communities , in particular , displayed certain traits , such as the holding of possessions in common , [ 57 ] the rejection of conventional sexual mores and gender roles , the provision for communal education , etc. , that could be considered similar to socialism .
During the chaos sparked by the advent of the Reformation in Europe , several sects with radical new interpretations of Christianity sprung up , many of them Anabaptists ( believers in adult baptism ) .
Under the leadership of the reformer Thomas Muntzer the peasants of south - west Germany rose up in arms against the clergy and nobility , establishing anarcho - communes in their wake .
Though they were massacred to a man , ten years later a group of radical Anabaptists under the leadership of Jan Matthys seized control of the north - western Germany city of Munster from the Prince - Archbishop there and established a Christian - Communist state .
True to the spirit of applied communism , Mathys took twelve wives , held lavish feasts for himself and his most loyal followers and had himself crowned King of the World as the city starved , besieged by an alliance of Protestant and Catholic forces keen to see them exterminated .
Mathys and all his followers were all tortured and killed when the Prince - Archbishop returned with professional troops to sack the city and reassert his authority , effectively wiping out all non-pacifistic Anabaptists in north - western Germany .
Only Baptists as we know them today survived the following persecution .
See , for instance , Arnold Toynbee , the British historian , has responded to this ,
" the Marxian excerpt from a Christian Socialism is an experiment which is doomed to failure because it has denied itself the aid of the spiritual power which alone is capable of making Socialism a success .
….' Christianity ' , they say , 'is the opiate of the People ' ; and , in the Soviet Union … Christianity or of any other theistic religion have been debarred … from admission to membership of the All - Union Communist Party .
In fact , Communism has been definitely and militantly anti-Christian .
Thus the campaign against Christianity which is to - day an integral part of the propaganda of Marxian Socialism is a challenge to the living generation of Christians … we latter - day Christians may still turn a Marxian attack upon Christianity to good account … a re-awakening of the Christian social conscience has been the one great positive practical achievement of Karl Marx " [ 58 ]
Alleged New Testament socialism in a godless utopia
Socialist claim the earliest Christians were decidedly living in a manner consistent with basic aims of socialism , albeit with critical requirements and distinctions from its secularist expressions .
Luke 14:33 requires the forsaking of all one has if one will be a disciple of Christ , and while this is not shown to necessarily always require the literally forsaking of all , [ 59 ]
Acts 2:44 states that the communal believers " had all things common " .
Acts 4:32 - 5:11 also describes community redistribution of property , and details the Divine punishment of a husband and wife for hypocrisy , in keeping proceeds from the sale of a piece of property while openly pretending that they gave it all , as others voluntarily did . [ 60 ]
However , forsaking all is shown to be that of first surrendering oneself and life to the God of the Bible , and placing all at His disposal , [ 61 ] [ 62 ] with literal giving as a result being as He directs , and voluntary .
( 2Cor . 8,9 )
“ Every man according as he purposeth in his heart , so let him give ; not grudgingly , or of necessity : for God loveth a cheerful giver .
And God is able to make all grace abound toward you ; that ye , always having all sufficiency in all things , may abound to every good work : ( 2 Corinthians 9:7- 8 ) ”
While the early organic community provides a noble model of communal life , and of a " seminary " type experience , it was also soon dispersed by persecution ( thus greatly expanding the church : Acts 8:1 - 5 ; 11:19 ) , and it is later indicated that believers retained ownership of property after conversion .
( Lk. 19:8,9 ; Acts 16:14,15 ; 1Cor. 11:22 ; 2 Tim. 4:13 ) Rich Christians are evidenced to have been part of the early church , but were not mandated by the church itself to give all they had away , but to be lowly in mind , and to be ready and willing to distribute , in faith and surrender to God. ( 1Tim . 6:17 - 19 )
Moreover , in both Testaments capitalism is clearly supported , [ 63 ] and indolence is not subsidized , but penalized by poverty , while diligence in work is rewarded by its fruits .
( Prov. 6:6-11 ; 13:4 ; 20:4 ; 2 Thes .
3:10 - 12 ; 1 Tim. 5:17 - 18 )
Although holy widows over 60 years old who were without familial support were taken in by the church , a man is clearly required to provide for his own family , if able .
( 1Tim. 5:2ff )
While the success of the early church as an organic community is often invoked in support of modern socialism , and many communes of the 1960s evoked the Bible , the early organic church was a result of the supernatural work of the Holy Spirit among believers , while the " administrators " were humble servants who were examples of self - sacrifice , and who worked with their own hands as needed , ( 1Cor. 4:9-16 ) and whose authority was established by manifest Divine attestation , including the pro-active exercise of church discipline being only by supernatural or otherwise spiritual means , not carnal force . [ 64 ]
In addition , other distinctions , without the unique changes and influence resulting from faith and full surrender to Christ from all the community , and His anointing upon the work , attempts to mimic the communal life of Christians have failed .
As one critic of modern - day socialism states :
Socialism , unfortunately , completely disregards Biblical teaching about the fallen nature of human beings and assumes that human beings will act in a morally upright fashion if their basic needs are met .
This is at the heart of why socialistic systems never work : because human nature does not work in this fashion . [ 65 ]
Atheism and socialism
See also : Atheism and socialism
The Acton Institute states concerning atheism and socialism :
“ ... a growing body of research reveals that as the welfare state grows , the church shrinks .
Adam Kay of Duke University discovered that church and state have a “ hydraulic relationship ” : Events “ that lower faith in one of these external systems ( e.g. , the government ) lead to subsequent increases in faith in the other ( e.g. , God ) . ”
Another study found that increased welfare spending “ in a specific year predicted lower religiosity one to two years later . ”
It concluded , “ The power and order emanating from God can be outsourced to the government . ” ... ... faith in the transcendent gets crowded out by faith in socialism ’s utopian promise of equality - of - outcome on earth .
This path transformed Michael Harrington from a daily communicant volunteering in the Catholic Worker movement to the atheistic founder of the Democratic Socialists of America . [ 66 ] ”
Controversy
This section confuses " interpretation " with " debate " .
The ideology of Socialism is subject to a variety of interpretations .
From a conservative perspective , Marxist socialism is an economic system whereby the means of production are seized and monopolized by the government sometimes without compensation to the builders of the capital .
Investments , production , distribution , income , prices , and economic justice are administered by a government nomenklatura that regulates the transfer of money , goods ( including capital goods ) , and services primarily through taxation , regulation and aggressive institutionalized coercion .
However , some socialists reject this description .
Democratic socialists advocate a system of governance based on the principles of solidarity , equality and liberty , viewing these principles as interconnected .
They believe increased socio-economic equality is associated with increased practical freedom to fulfill human potential .
In many countries , such as Britain , socialist movements have been built on Christian , democratic and co-operative bases , embracing the notion that individuals should ' treat others as they would wish to be treated ' , and arguing that all individuals have a moral responsibility for the welfare of other members of their society .
Socialism seeks to prioritize human welfare over other goals , such as profit and wealth accumulation by elites ; it views increased redistribution of wealth as vital to securing greater freedom and happiness for the bulk of the people .
Though this rosy picture of socialism is appealing to many , it ignores what Hayek called " the road to serfdom . "
Though in theory socialism is an idealized , egalitarian form of economics , in practice it means rule by labor bosses who minimize individualism and economic growth in the name of equality and benefits for the working class .
Karl Marx considered socialism to be a transitory stage between capitalism and communism .
In his view , socialism is summed up by the expression : " From each according to his ability , to each according to his needs . "
A major criticism of socialism is that it infringes individual rights in favor of the populace .
In a very real sense , politics in the Western World throughout the 20th century was shaped by the conflict between socialist and capitalist governmental policies .
Although socialist parties are common in Europe , the leading examples all currently embrace some free enterprise , individual property rights and certain other aspects of capitalism although leading European Socialists are very critical of America .
In many European countries , socialism has been changing to Social democracy .
Criticism
Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises were important critics of socialism , particularly regarding what is known as the Socialist Calculation Debate .
Hayek and Mises argued that a socialist economy would face information constraints that would prevent even well - intentioned planners from efficiently allocating resources .
That is , the planners would not know how much a battleship or a hospital cost , and could not efficiently allocate resources among different choices .
This criticism should be considered as compatible with , but independent of , criticisms based on Public choice theory that bring into consideration the incentives of political actors .
Svetlana Kunin , who lived in the Soviet Union until 1980 explains how the system worked :
Life in the USSR modeled the socialist ideal .
God - based religion was suppressed and replaced with cultlike adoration for political figures ....
Only the ruling class of communist leaders had access to special stores , medicine and accommodations that could compare to those in the West .
The rest of the citizenry had to deal with permanent shortages of food and other necessities , and had access to free but inferior , unsanitary and low - tech medical care .
USSR , 1959 : I am a " young pioneer " in school .
History classes remind us that there is a higher authority than their parents and teachers : the leaders of the Communist Party .
Those who left Russia found a different set of values in America : freedom of religion , speech , individual pursuits , the right to private property and free enterprise .... These opportunities let the average immigrant live a better life than many elites in the Soviet Communist Party ...
The slogans of " fairness and equality " sound better than the slogans of capitalism .
But unlike at the beginning of the 20th century , when these slogans and ideas were yet to be tested , we have accumulated history and reality . [ 67 ]
A government which adheres to economic socialistic principles also tends to have cultures which prize unmerited equality among citizen and criminal alike , and through extension of socialistic welfare policies , between the chronically employed and the chronically unemployed , by ensuring both groups receive income though only one group works for income .
This enables people otherwise healthy to not seek gainful employment because they will receive income no matter their actions , thus providing no incentive to produce .
The economies of socialistic governments are thus weak and riddled with flaws , such as expecting increased production from a reduced workforce , and when engendered with a progressive culture , which simply means people who do are the same as people who do not , eventually fall under the weight of their own poorly managed and over - extended public welfare institutions .
Public welfare also decreases personal charity , thus making the people dependent on the aid of the government since charitable aid , such as from a church , is discouraged by the secular nature of socialistic nations .
Socialists occasionally appeal to the fact that God , in the Old Testament , commanded His own nation to surrender a tenth of its proceeds for the maintenance of the priests and for the care of the sickly and weak .
But , while fallen men , and their secular and pagan nations , shall always struggle to understand the righteous balances between government and liberty .
[ 68 ] ( i.e. , between local and national logistics , as well as between the logistics of the individual person and those of his community ) the mark of socialism is the general allowance for a naive , and willingly ignorant , adult sub-population whose members prefer , despite the limitations imposed by bureaucratic accountability , to live under all the securities rightly afforded in the fallen world only to infants .
In the unfallen world , such security was a given for all persons , but without any of the bureaucracy required in the fallen world for maintaining it .
In the fallen world , such security is an unattainable ideal , so that the more is done to attain it , the more the society suffers under the requisite bureaucracy .
And , while the initial policy made toward that ideal is the creation of an executive class or executive vocation , such as monarchies and professional armies , [ 69 ] [ 70 ] there is a ' tipping point ' in the creation of bureaucratic entities beyond which any civilization cannot help but increasingly lose its footing in the struggle to balance all its righteous human interests .
The result is an ever - increasing proportion of that civilization 's total population which , for all variety of reasons , becomes enslaved to their own demands for that ideal of security .
When there is no judge who judges righteously , when all the people make the laws , and when the power of money is used to try to stay ahead of the natural consequences of unrighteousness , the ' bad money ' cannot help but drive out the ' good money ' , until the ' Bank of Reality ' is forced to call in the loan , and the civilization implodes to the point that it falls victim also to militant invaders and , or , to unmanageable internal unrest . [ 68 ]
Past Socialist Countries
Chile
Marxist socialist leader Salvador Allende was elected in Chile in 1970 in a minority government run by the Popular Unity Party .
Allende 's economic policy , known as the Vuskovic Plan , sought to achieve transition to socialism .
The Vuskovic Plan involved nationalization of large foreign enterprises , land redistribution to farmers , and redistribution of income .
The majority in Parliament never supported it and the plan was never carried out as Allende was overthrown by the military .
Other Socialist Countries ( Current )
Communist leader Fidel Castro violently overthrew the Cuban government in the 1950s and has declared Cuba to be communist since then , nationalizing millions of dollars worth of American - owned property .
It is notable that Fidel Castro originally self - defined as liberal , before coming out openly as a communist . [ 71 ]
Today , Cuba faces copious economic problems and the people lack their fundamental rights .
( Fidel 's brother Raul Castro now runs the country , having taken it over from his ailing brother Fidel . )
North Korea
North Korea 's form of communism is in the form of " Juche " - a doctrine established by Kim Il Sung and carried on by his son Kim Jong Il and after his death by the current leader Kim Jong - un .
Although it is investing heavily in nuclear weapons and long - range missiles , extreme poverty on the verge of starvation is the fate of the people , who are very tightly controlled .
The country has little to no electrical power at night outside the capital , which can be verified by looking at nighttime satellite photos . [ 72 ]
Venezuela
The socialist policies of president - for - life Hugo Chavez have destroyed the economy of that oil - rich nation .
In 2009 , he seized the Venezuelan operations of U.S. based Cargill in order to tighten his grip on the shrinking food supply in his country . [ 74 ]
After the death of Chavez , Nicolás Maduro continues his policies .
Other Countires
Daniel Ortega , the dictator of Nicaragua , is a strong ally of Venezuela and Cuba .
China and Vietnam have abolished the Socialist economy but are still governed by Communist parties .
Other countries who are controlled by Socialist parties are Laos , Angola , Mozambique and Moldova .
Quotes on Socialism
Comparative quotes are given from the top Left - wing - Socialist - National Socialist ( a.k.a. Nazi ) - Marxist - Communist leaders and their critics in order to better understand the commonality of the end result of their similar philosophy taken to its fruition by the big government welfare state - nanny state - police state by leftist globalist - statist - socialist - communists .
For more examples , see Nazism and socialism .
From these quotes one can see little difference between Socialists , Nazis , Communists , Marxists .
Communist regimes killed 60 million in the 20th century through genocide , according to Le Monde and more than 100 million people according to The Black Book of Communism .
Quotes from National Socialist 's Adolph Hitler
" Then will come a National Socialist State tribunal ; then will November , 1918 , be expiated ; then the heads will roll .
testimony at a trial of German officers , Leipzig , in 1930 .
" We have to put a stop to the idea that it is a part of everybody 's civil rights to say whatever he pleases .
transcript of a conversation ( 22 February 1942 )
" National socialism is the determination to create a new man .
There will no longer exist any individual arbitrary will , nor realms in which the individual belongs to himself .
The time of happiness as a private matter is over . "
As quoted in Joachim C. Fest ( 1974 ) , Hitler .
New York : Harcourt Brace Jovanovich , p. 533 .
" I have sympathy for Mr. Roosevelt , because he marches straight toward his objectives over Congress , lobbies and bureaucracy . "
Hitler went on to note that he was the sole leader in Europe who expressed " understanding of the methods and motives of President Roosevelt . " [ 2 ]
New York Times 1934 , quoted from John Toland : Adolf Hitler : The Definitive Biography .
Quotes from National Socialist 's Heinrich Himmler
From the Nazi party ( National Socialism ) SS leader Heinrich Himmler :
" In the course of history periods of capitalism and socialism alternate with one another ; capitalism is the unnatural , socialism the natural economic system ... The National Socialists and the Red Front have the same aspirations .
The Jews falsified the Revolution in the form of Marxism and that failed to bring fulfillment . "
— Speech in Potsdam ( 13 October 1926 ) , quoted in Peter Longerich , Heinrich Himmler ( Oxford : Oxford University Press , 2012 ) , pp. 92–93 .
" The best political weapon is the weapon of terror .
Cruelty commands respect .
Men may hate us .
But , we do n't ask for their love ; only for their fear . "
— Quoted in " Visions of Reality - A Study of Abnormal Perception and Behavior " - by Alberto Rivas - Psychology - 2007 - Page 162
Quotes from Lenin
Vladimir Lenin stated :
“ The way to crush the middle class is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation . ”
" The best revolutionary is youth devoid of morals . "
" A lie told often enough becomes the truth . "
" The goal of socialism is communism . "
" There are no morals in politics there is only expedience .
A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel . "
" Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever . " ( see Public school values and Professor values )
Quotes from Stalin
The Darwin - Stalin connection describes the brutal Soviet dictator Josef Stalin who murdered millions of people , giving credit to Darwin 's book for his outlook in life :
" The death of one man is a tragedy , the death of millions is a statistic . " ~ to Churchill , 1945 .
" Death is the solution to all problems .
No man - no problem "
" Ideas are more powerful than guns .
We would not let our enemies have guns , why should we let them have ideas ? "
" It is enough that the people know there was an election .
The people who cast the votes decide nothing .
The people who count the votes decide everything . "
" The only real power comes out of a long rifle . "
" When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use . "
Quotes from Leon Trotsky
" Repression for the attainment of economic ends is a necessary weapon of the socialist dictatorship . "
Leon Trotsky in Terrorism and Communism : A Reply to Karl Kautsky ( 1920 ; 1975 ) , p. 153
" The road to socialism lies through a period of the highest possible intensification of the principle of the state … Just as a lamp , before going out , shoots up in a brilliant flame , so the state , before disappearing , assumes the form of the dictatorship of the proletariat , i.e. , the most ruthless form of state , which embraces the life of the citizens authoritatively in every direction ...
Terrorism and Communism : A Reply to Karl Kautsky ( 1920 ; 1975 ) , p. 177
" We must rid ourselves once and for all of the Quaker - Papist babble about the sanctity of human life . "
Leon Trotsky in his book The Russian Revolution , 1930
" Root out the counterrevolutionaries without mercy , lock up suspicious characters in concentration camps ...
Shirkers will be shot , regardless of past service . "
Statement of 1918 , as quoted in Trotsky : The Eternal Revolutionary ( 1996 ) by Dmitri Volkogonov , p. 213
Quotes from Mao
Mao Zedong , responsible for the deaths of 77 million Chinese states :
" Every Communist must grasp the truth : Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun . "
— The Little Red Book , 1964
" Our principle is that the Party commands the gun , and the gun must never be allowed to command the Party . "
Quotes on Kim Il - sung
Kim Il - sung took the communist cult of personality to a new level . [ 75 ]
" In Korea , the Americans have far exceed the Hitlerites ! " — by Kim Il - sung [ 76 ]
Quotes from Pol Pot
As ruler of Cambodia Pol Pot was responsible for exterminating 2 million people by genocide .
That 's a quarter of the country 's population :
" Exterminate the 50 million Vietnamese ... and purify the masses of the Cambodian people . "
Phnom Penh radio broadcast by Pol Pot of the Khmer Rouge ( May 10 , 1978 ) ( [ 3 ] )
Related Quotes from Others
" Socialists ignore the side of man that is of the spirit .
They can provide shelter , fill your belly with bacon and beans , treat you when you are ill , all the things that are guaranteed to a prisoner or a slave .
They do n't understand that we dream - yes , even of some time owning a yacht . " -- President Ronald Reagan [ 77 ]
" Socialism is a philosophy of failure , the creed of ignorance , and the gospel of envy , its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery . " -- Winston Churchill
" I 've always doubted that the socialists had a leg to stand on intellectually " -- Friedrich Hayek
" The trouble is with socialism , which resembles a form of mental illness more than it does a philosophy " -- L. Neil Smith
" Socialists cry " Power to the people " , and raise the clenched fist as they say it .
We all know what they really mean — power over people , power to the State . " -- Margaret Thatcher
" All socialism involves slavery " -- Herbert Spencer
" Wonderful system , wrong species " — Edward O. Wilson ; who believed that collectivism was better suited to an ant than a human . [ 78 ]
" If one understands that socialism is not a share - the - wealth program , but is in reality a method to consolidate and control the wealth , then the seeming paradox of super - rich men promoting socialism becomes no paradox at all . " — Gary Allen [ 79 ]
" We face a hostile ideology ; ( Socialism i ) global in scope , atheistic in character , ruthless in purpose and insidous in method .
Unhappily the danger it poses promises to be of indefinite duration .
To meet it successfully there is call for not so much the emotional and transitory sacrifices of questions but rather those which enable us to carry forward steadily , surely and without complaint the burdens of a prolonged and complex struggle with liberty the stake .
Only thus shall we remain despite every provocation on our charted course towards permanent peace and human betterment . "
- Dwight D. Eisenhower , Farewell Address
" Socialism fundamentally is a case of juvenile arrested development ; children are told at a young age to share their toys and candy , and some grow up without proper guidance to ever learn personal responsibility . " [ 80 ] — Rob Smith
See also
References
Bibliography
UPDATE : Maker of the iPad clone P88 to sue Apple for allegedly cloning its product !
Talk about preemptive cloning !
While the world is swooning over Apple ’s announcement ( that was , granted , completely expected ) about it ’s new toy – the iPad , Chinese copycatters have already come out with their shanzhai versions … three months ago .
This 10.2 ″ silver - bezeled , black framed computing device is the P88 from Shenzhen Great Long Brother Industrial Co. was featured on Shanzhai.com in October .
Since comparing the iPad to existing products seems to be the thing everyone ’s doing right now , let ’s see how the P88 stocks up against it ’s inspiration .
CPU
P88 : Intel Atom 1.6GHz
i Pad : 1GHz Apple A4 custom - designed chip
RAM
P88:1GB
WEIGHT
P88:1.03kg
i Pad : 0.73kg for the one with Wi -Fi and 3G
HD SPACE
P88 : 160 GB spinning disk hard drive
i Pad : Up to 64GB flash drive
SCREEN SIZE
P88 : 10.2 inches
i Pad : 9.7 inches
PORTS
P88 : 3 USB ports , one VGA , an RJ - 45 , car reader , earphone and mic
i Pad : A bunch of adapters .
They ’re listed here and frankly really hard to tally without actually having them on hand .
BATTERY LIFE
P88 : a measly 1.5 hours
i Pad : 10 hours , so they say
PRICE
P88 : a little less than $ 440
i Pad : Starting at $ 499
Yeah , we doubt the P88 will compare for anyone who actually wants an iPad , but when do shanzhai products ever , really ?
Personally , we probably wo n’t be getting either .
Illustration by KAL
HOW far away it seems , that bitingly cold , crystal - clear morning when almost 2 m people filled the Mall from Capitol Hill to the Washington Monument to hear the new president talk of the victory of hope over fear , of unity of purpose over conflict and discord .
Recalling the dark days of the war of independence , he pledged , like George Washington , that in the face of common danger Americans under his leadership would come forth to meet it .
One year on , how well has he done ?
Not too badly , by our reckoning ( see article ) .
In his first 12 months in office Mr Obama has overseen the stabilising of the economy , is on the point of bringing affordable health care to virtually every American citizen , has ended the era of torture , is robustly prosecuting the war in Afghanistan while gradually disengaging from Iraq ; and perhaps more precious than any of these , he has cleared away much of the cloud of hatred and fear through which so much of the world saw the United States during George Bush 's presidency .
More generally , Mr Obama has run a competent , disciplined yet heterodox administration , with few of the snafus that characterised Bill Clinton 's first year .
Just as important have been the roads not taken .
Mr Obama has resisted the temptation to give in to the populists in his own party and saddle Wall Street with regulations that would choke it .
He has eschewed punitive taxation on the entrepreneurs who animate the economy ; and he has even , with the notable exception of a boneheaded tariff on cheap Chinese tyres , turned a deaf ear to the siren - song of the protectionists .
In short , what 's not to like ?
Only one thing , really ; but it is a big one , and it is the reason why most of the achievements listed above must be qualified .
Mr Obama has too often remained above the fray , too anxious to be liked , and too ready to do the popular thing now and leave the awkward stuff till later .
Far from living up to the bracing rhetoric of his inaugural , he has not been tough enough .
In this second year of his presidency , to quote his formerly favourite preacher , his chickens will come home to roost .
It could have been so much better
At home Mr Obama 's dangerous diffidence explains why the health bill that now seems likely to pass , while on balance a good thing rather than a bad one , is still a big disappointment .
Yes , it makes provision for tens of millions of Americans who lack insurance , and many more who fear being cast into that boat should they lose their jobs .
But it is expensive , and it takes only hesitant steps in the crucial direction of cost control .
Constantly rising health - care charges threaten the entire federal government with bankruptcy .
So it is tragic that the most comprehensive health reform in generations does so little to tackle this problem .
Yet that , alas , is exactly what you would expect to happen if a president leaves the details to be written by Democrats in Congress , barely reaches out to the admittedly obstructive Republicans on issues such as tort reform , and remains magisterially aloof from much of the process .
Mr Obama 's failure to take on the spend - alls in his own party will cost him politically .
His ratings are falling , and in November 's mid-term elections he looks likely , at the very least , to lose his supermajority in the Senate .
Some critics argue that instead of focusing on health , he should have concentrated on jobs ( the unemployment rate is two points higher than the 8 % peak he predicted ) .
That seems unfair : health care was the core part of his campaign and something America had to tackle .
What has spooked the voters is the sheer cost of the scheme — and the idea that Mr Obama is unable to tackle the deficit .
They are right to be worried .
The national debt is set to reach a market - rattling $ 12 trillion by 2015 , more than double what it was when Mr Obama took over .
It made sense for the government to pump money into the economy in 2009 ; but this year Mr Obama must show how he intends to deal with the debt .
So far , he has not offered even an outline of how he intends to do so .
Because he failed to be harsh with congressional Democrats ( whose popularity ratings , incidentally , were a fraction of his ) , he will now have to do more with Republicans .
Not by carrots alone
This same reluctance to get tough , or even mildly sweaty , is felt in America 's dealings with other nations .
His long - drawn - out decision on Afghanistan mirrored that on health care .
Yes , by sending more troops , he did more - or - less the right thing eventually .
But it seemed as if the number of troops was determined by opinion polls , rather than the mission in hand .
And the protracted dithering was damaging to morale .
Mr Obama has been on a goodwill tour of the world , proffering the open hand rather than the fist .
Yet he has nothing much to show for it , other than a series of slaps in the face .
Israel dismissed his settlement freeze .
Going to China with human rights far down the agenda and the Dalai Lama royally snubbed seems to have done Mr Obama no good at all , judging by the fiasco that was the climate - change summit in Copenhagen .
Co-operation between the “ G2 ” was supposed to help fulfil Mr Obama 's grandiose promise that his presidency would be “ the moment when … our planet began to heal ” .
Hitting the reset button on relations with Russia has produced nothing more than a click .
Offering engagement with the Iranians was worth a go , but has produced nothing yet .
This generosity to America 's enemies also sits ill with a more brusque approach to staunch allies , such as Japan ( see article ) , Britain and several east European countries .
Some worry that Mr Obama will always be a community organiser , never a commander - in - chief .
In fact he did not get to the White House by merely being nice , but by being bold and often confronting awkward subjects head - on .
It is not too late for him to toughen up .
Firm talk about the budget in his state - of - the - union message would help .
Now that the administration 's priority has shifted from engaging Iran to imposing sanctions , Mr Obama may be able to apply the stick and not the carrot .
He is due to see the Dalai Lama .
He might even , if he can relearn the virtues of bipartisan dealmaking , bully a climate - change bill through Congress .
But this will all be a lot more difficult than anything he did in his first year .
Now he does : the fusion of Fox Barbie - doll beauty , marinated in evangelical Christianity , mouthing every cliche that survives from the Reagan era until it has no relation at all to reality , propelled by what former Christianist Frank Shaeffer has called " the deepening inferiority complex suffered by the evangelical / fundamentalist community . "
This FNC / RNC merger is another threat to reasoned discourse in public life , because it is a showman 's concoction of very powerful emotional elements : resentment , sex , religion , anger .
It creates its own reality .
" We Do Not Torture " ; everyone in Gitmo was the " Worst of the Worst " ; the stimulus lowered growth ; all the debt is Obama 's fault ; Obama is a Muslim and non-American ; the White House is stacked with the Islamist / socialist enemy within ; if we had not bailed out the banks , we would be roaring back from the recession ; Obama wants to ignore the war in order to effect a radical transformation of America into some kind of scary version of France and Waziristan .
And on and on .
I 'm not exaggerating .
Listen to these maniacs .
The last idea was fomented by Dick Cheney .
And they are waiting for their moment : another terrorist attack that they will blame on the deliberate negligence of Barack Obama .
Then the Dolchstoss card , played only faintly so far by Cheney and Giuliani , will be played with a crudeness and radicalism that could well be explosive .
You think they wo n't pull that trigger ?
Dream on .
This new political - media conglomerate endorses a supreme executive unrestrained in his or her conduct of the war against Islam ( for that is the real import of the Giuliani complaint ) , and empowered to seize anyone anywhere and torture them in the name of national security .
It is also critically connected to the settlement movement in the West Bank - for Palin 's vision of more and more Jewish population expanding outwards in that region is part of the plan for the End - Times .
Hence its belief in waging war on Iran .
Non-believing people have a hard time swallowing all this .
It seems so wacko .
Religious people who have had any experience of fundamentalism in their lives know it all too well .
Forget the RNC , Michael Steele or John Boehner .
Ignore Romney .
The new RNC is FNC .
Roger Ailes is creating a new political entity that could redefine the right in America for a generation , and if it gets to power , will make the two terms of George W. Bush look like a golden era .
No one in the GOP can stop this .
Because Ailes now has their entire base in his hands .
What he frames they will believe .
When McCain surrendered to Palin , it was his last - and unintended - blow to a sane or responsible conservatism .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The latest AIG fiasco may well be the straw that breaks Geithner 's " public service " back .
The question of Tim 's involvement in the purposeful cover up has now attained epic proportions as even the White House claims the Treasury Secretary and former NY Fed governor had recused himself and was not involved in the discussions of the biggest bailout in US history .
By doing so , the White House has transferred an ever greater amount of political risk to itself by continuing to back Geithner at increasing costs to its popularity .
Whether or not Geithner was intimately involved procedurally seems irrelevant : he certainly was aware of the broad strokes and was thus complicit by implication .
Nonetheless , one of the allegations that is circulating the blogosphere is that the handwriting on the " smoking gun " cover up memo belongs to Timmy .
While we do not have a certified graphologist in our ranks , this assumption appears to be patently false .
Below is a sample of the handwriting on the memorandum :
Yet a rare glimpse of Geithner , courtesy of Mark Wilson of Getty Images , caught in the act of writing , and for once not refurbishing the truth , indicates a distinctly different handwriting style : one entirely devoid of cursive .
It is obvious that Tim Geithner did not write the memo .
But , once again , whether or not he did is irrelevant : it was Tim Geithner 's direct or indirect instructions ( and we challenge the Treasury Secretary to claim otherwise under oath , with any potential perjury proof subsequently ending not just his career with a criminal bang , but bringing an accelerated end to all the White House apparatchiks who have stood behind the then - NY Fed president ) that determined the sequence of events .
Furthermore , we are confident that Geithner , AIG , the NY Fed and the administration will take a book straight out of the Bank Of America - SEC defense , and will in turn blame it all on the lawyers , who in this case are quite a few partners from Davis Polk & Wardwell .
DPW is by far the premier US bailout law firm specialist , and is itself very proud of disclosing this , by listing the following assignments in which it acted as legal counsel :
Lead counsel to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the U.S. Department of the Treasury on a series of unprecedented financing and capital management transactions for AIG
and the on a series of unprecedented financing and capital management transactions for AIG Lead counsel to Citi on all of its major financial crisis - related matters
on all of its major financial crisis - related matters Lead counsel to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the U.S. Treasury ’s $ 250 billion bank capital purchase program and the Creation of the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , through which the New York Fed will extend up to $ 1 trillion in non-recourse loans to certain holders of newly issued AAA - rated asset - backed securities collateralized by mortgage - backed securities , student loans , consumer loans and small - business loans , among others
on the U.S. Treasury ’s $ 250 billion bank capital purchase program and the Creation of the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , through which the New York Fed will extend up to $ 1 trillion in non-recourse loans to certain holders of newly issued AAA - rated asset - backed securities collateralized by mortgage - backed securities , student loans , consumer loans and small - business loans , among others Lead counsel to Ford on its restructuring plans
on its restructuring plans Lead counsel to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ) on the U.S. government ’s conservatorship and financial assistance package , as well as its subsequent Department of Justice and SEC investigations .
( Freddie Mac ) on the U.S. government ’s conservatorship and financial assistance package , as well as its subsequent Department of Justice and SEC investigations .
Counsel to Her Majesty ’s Government ( HMG ) on U.S. bank regulatory and other issues relating to HMG ’s plan to provide financial support to the U.K. banking system .
( HMG ) on U.S. bank regulatory and other issues relating to HMG ’s plan to provide financial support to the U.K. banking system .
Lead counsel to Citi as the organizer of a multi- bank financing on a potential pre-bankruptcy acquisition of Lehman by Barclays .
The firm is also advising several major financial institutions on credit exposure issues relating to Lehman
as the organizer of a multi- bank financing on a potential pre-bankruptcy acquisition of Lehman by Barclays .
The firm is also advising several major financial institutions on credit exposure issues relating to Lehman Lead counsel to Lloyds TSB on U.S. bank regulatory matters on its acquisition of HBOS .
We are also lead U.S. counsel to Lloyds on the investment by HMG .
on U.S. bank regulatory matters on its acquisition of HBOS .
We are also lead U.S. counsel to Lloyds on the investment by HMG .
Counsel to PIMCO , a leading global investment management firm , in connection with assignments under TARP ( Troubled Assets Relief Program ) .
, a leading global investment management firm , in connection with assignments under TARP ( Troubled Assets Relief Program ) .
Lead counsel to Banco Santander on its $ 1.9 billion acquisition of Sovereign Bancorp .
on its $ 1.9 billion acquisition of Sovereign Bancorp .
Providing legal and technical support to the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ( SIFMA ) , the leading U.S. financial industry association , on financial regulatory issues , including the $ 700 billion TARP and other U.S. government rescue programs and financial regulatory restructuring , including the creation of a systemic risk regulator .
DPW is in fact so proud of its involvment in the AIG situation it has the following tombstone dedicated to the taxpayer funded bailout :
Davis Polk & Wardwell is advising the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the U.S. Treasury Department in connection with the restructuring of the government 's assistance to American International Group , Inc. ( AIG ) .
As part of this restructuring , the U.S. Treasury will exchange its existing $ 40 billion cumulative perpetual preferred shares for new preferred shares with revised terms that more closely resemble common equity and the Treasury Department will create a new equity capital facility , allowing AIG to draw down up to $ 30 billion as needed over time in exchange for non-cumulative preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury .
The actions being taken by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as part of the restructuring relate to the existing $ 60 billion revolving credit facility for AIG and include reducing the outstanding balance in exchange for preferred interests in two special - purpose vehicles created to hold all of the outstanding common stock of American Life Insurance Company ( ALICO ) and American International Assurance Company Ltd. ( AIA ) , two life insurance holding company subsidiaries of AIG , and securitization notes of up to $ 8.5 billion representing embedded value of certain of AIG's U.S. life insurance businesses .
After these actions , the total amount available under the revolving credit facility will be reduced from $ 60 billion to no less than $ 25 billion .
In addition , the interest rate on the revolving credit facility will be modified by removing the existing floor on the LIBOR rate .
As required by the revolving credit facility , AIG has agreed to issue on March 4 , 2009 , shares of convertible preferred stock representing an approximately 77.9 % equity interest in AIG to an independent trust for the sole benefit of the U.S. Treasury .
AIG , a world leader in insurance and financial services , is a leading international insurance organization , with operations in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions .
The Davis Polk team includes partners Ethan T. James , Robert L. Heckart , Bjorn Bjerke , John M. Brandow , Kathleen L. Ferrell , John K. Knight , John D. Amorosi , Marshall S. Huebner , Jeffrey N. Schwartz and Beverly Fanger Chase , counsel John T. Wright and associates Diego A. Rotsztain , Michel Beshara , Peter T. Bazos , Rafal A. Nowak , Paul Anderson , Aly El Hamamsy and Eli James Vonnegut .
All members of the Davis Polk team are based in the New York office .
Zero Hedge is willing to wager that the handwriting on the memorandum will belong to one of the key named partners : Messrs James or Heckart .
In fact , we would recommend to the very much suddenly concerned Congressmen Towns and Frank to invite not just Secretary Geithner in related hearings , but to open up the invitation to the two main partners from Davis Polk .
We have already seen Mr. Geithner 's regard for the unadulterated truth .
Perhaps the game of prisoner 's dilemma should be made a little more explicit if nationally televised in Congress .
With enough actors invited to the same venue , the likelihood that someone will spill the beans increases exponentially .
While we are on the topic of DPW , it would be truly swell to see the conflict of interest checklist that allowed the firm to blatantly disregard the public interest when over $ 100 billion of taxpayer capital was at stake .
Just how did DPW 's internal compliance frame this issue and permit the firm to make such broad sweeping decisions on behalf of its client :
The Federal Reserve , and thus , America 's taxpayers ?
And , while we are discussing conflicts of interest , it appears that everyone has forgotten that Chairman of the NY Fed at that time , as well as long thereafter , and a person who certainly did not recuse himself from any AIG - related deliberations was none other than Goldman Sachs board member Stephen Friedman , and who resigned in disgrace after it became apparent that in December 2008 he had acquired $ 3 million in Goldman stock ...
Days before the abovementioned " smoking gun " was sufficiently redacted .
Perhaps Friedman knew nothing about this development too ?
Can we get the White House 's take on this as well Mr. Gibbs .
We kindly enourage our reputable Congressmen to send an invitation to the Goldman boardmember .
At worst , ad rates for a 30 second spot will be high to quite high for non-prime time TV , and NBC , Fox , ABC and C - SPAN will certainly provide some monetary kickbacks to the Congressmen who arrange for this Goldman - related spectacle .
And after all , that is what Reps .
Frank ,
Towns et al live for more than anything .
Olivier Coibion and Yuriy Gorodnichenko , drawing on the very nice Coibion and Gorodnichenko ( 2009 ) ( forthcoming AER ) , have a well - argued piece in VoxEU making the strong case that the " Great Moderation " that began around 1985 is not , in fact , over - - but instead that " the current recession , while clearly severe by historical standards , does not imply a return to the levels of volatility observed in the 1970s .
Most likely , the current episode will be remembered as a violent storm in otherwise temperate times ... " :
I think that the right answer to this question is not " no " but " maybe " -- or , rather , that the right answer to that question depends on whether you think that it is volatility in real GDP growth or volatility in employment changes that ought to be primary in our thinking about the business cycle .
If GDP is our focus , Coibion and Gorodnichenko look to be correct .
If employment is our focus , they may not be .
The way I like to look at it starts by taking four - quarter changes in real GDP , detrended by average growth , and squaring them to get :
After 1985 , the variance of four - quarter detrended real GDP changes is dominated by the current episode -- with the early 1990s and the early 2000s recessions playing distinctly secondary roles , and no noticeable variability outside .
Before 1985 the big recessions and recoverie -- 1974 - 6 and 1979 - 84 - - contribute the most variance , but there are lots of other peaks almost as large , and almost all the time there are noticeable jitters in real GDP growth .
And the current spike in GDP volatility is the tallest since the Korean War .
When we smooth this graph out -- taking five or ten year moving - averages of the variance -- we get the standard " great moderation " graphs :
The " Great Moderation " is indeed the most obvious and significant feature of the graph , with the second most obvious being the recent rise in volatility .
But it is a fact that the spike of last year is now receding .
The fact that the spike of last year is now receding , the expectation that we will return to what has been normal over the past twenty years at least most of the time , and the hope that we wo n't see similar such spikes again are the three things that drive Coibion and Gorodnichenko's relative confidence , or perhaps hope , that the " Great Moderation " is still alive ( albeit not terribly well ) .
However , things look different if we move from output space to employment space , and take a look at twelve - month changes in the employment to population ratio :
The NBER recessions - plus - v- shaped - recoveries stand out on the employment - to - population ratio graph in a way that they do not on the real GDP graph -- which is at least one piece of evidence that our worries about volatility are more closely tied to employment and unemployment than to production ( at least if you think that the NBER Business Cycle Dating Committee knows what it is doing at some level ) , how strong a piece of evidence I do not know .
The current spike in employment - to - population ratio volatility is well outside what we would otherwise have expected since the Korean War .
It dwarfs the other post - 1960 volatility spikes in a way that the GDP volatility spike does not .
The analogues of the " Great Moderation " graphs for the employment - to - population ratio show a recent return to more than pre-moderation levels of volatility ( in the case of five year averages ) and to pre-moderation levels ( in the case of ten year averages ) -- and even in the absence of additional macroeconomic shocks the moving average volatility is going to stay at its elevated level for five or ten years , respectively .
The size of the recent spike creates another worry .
Plotting five - or ten - year moving averages of volatility and taking changes in that level as some sort of indicator of structural change was unexceptionable up until 2007 .
It seemed to capture a real difference in the wiggliness of the time series , and to be a good way to present the reason that we economists spoke of a " Great Moderation . "
But if episodes like 2008 - 2009 are in the post -1985 stochastic process — as they surely are , since we are in the middle of one — there is now little warrant for taking a five - year or a ten - year moving average and thinking that it tells us much about the structure of volatility .
And our time - series statistical methods are likely to be outmatched when they are confronted with a series that , post - 1985 , has little more than one huge honking spike to it .
So I am more fearful of the future ( and of the present ) than Coibion and Gorodnichenko ...
Clarida , Richard , Jordi Galí , and Mark Gertler ( 2000 ) , “ Monetary Policy Rules and Macroeconomic Stability : Evidence and Some Theory . ”
Quarterly Journal of Economics , 115 ( 1 ) : 147-180 .
Lubik , Thomas A. and Frank Schorfheide ( 2004 ) , “ Testing for Indeterminacy : An Application to U.S. Monetary Policy . ”
American Economic Review , 94 ( 1 ) : 190-217 .
Boivin , Jean and Marc Giannoni ( 2006 ) , “ Has Monetary Policy Become More Effective ? ” Review of Economics and Statistics , 88( 3 ) : 445-462 .
Coibion , Olivier and Yuriy Gorodnichenko ( 2009 ) , " Does the Great Recession Really Mean the End of the Great Moderation ? "
VoxEU ( Jan 16 ) http://www.voxeu.org/index.php?q=node/4496.
Coibion , Olivier and Yuriy Gorodnichenko ( 2009 ) , “ Monetary Policy , Trend Inflation and the Great Moderation : An Alternative Interpretation , ” American Economic Review http://www.nber.org/papers/w14621.
20100116 great moderation ep.xls
20100116 great moderation gdp.xlsx
How Scared Should Macroeconomists
Be of the Future.pdf
I . In 1997 , the UK Department of Health launched a study to determine whether a popular cardiovascular drug , atorvastatin , could reduce the number of heart attacks and strokes in diabetic patients .
The trial , known as the Collaborative Atorvastatin Diabetes Study ( Cards ) , took seven years to complete .
Money had to be raised , doctors had to be recruited , and then 2,838 patients had to be monitored weekly .
Half of the diabetics were given the drug .
The other half received a placebo .
In early 2004 , a few months before the results of the trial were released , the American Diabetes Association asked a physician and mathematician named David Eddy to run his own Cards trial .
He would do it , though , without human test subjects , instead using a computer model he had designed called Archimedes .
The program was a kind of SimHealth : a vast compendium of medical knowledge drawn from epidemiological data , clinical trials , and physician interviews , which Eddy had laboriously translated into differential equations over the past decade .
Those equations , Eddy hoped , would successfully reproduce the complex workings of human biology — down to the individual chambers of a simulated person 's virtual heart .
Because the results of the real Cards trial were still secret , Eddy knew only the broadest facts about its participants , such as their average age and blood pressure .
So Eddy and his team created a simulated population with the same overall parameters .
Each person " developed " medical problems as they aged , all dictated by the model 's equations and the individual risk profiles .
These doubles behaved just like people : Some , for example , forgot to take their pills every once in a while .
It took Eddy and his team roughly two months to construct the virtual trial , but once they hit Return , the program completed the study in just one hour .
When he got the results , Eddy sent them to the ADA .
He also mailed a copy to the Cards investigators .
Months later , when the official results were made public , it became clear that Eddy had come remarkably close to predicting exactly how everything would turn out .
Of the four principal findings of the study , Archimedes had predicted two exactly right , a third within the margin of error , and the fourth just below that .
Rather than seven years , Eddy 's experiment had taken just a couple of months .
And the whole project had cost just a few hundred thousand dollars , which Eddy estimates to be a 200th of the cost of the real trial .
The results seemed to vindicate his vision for the future of medicine : faster , cheaper , broader clinical trials — all happening inside a machine .
Eddy had built his model following a revelation .
He had spent long years promoting clinical trials as the " gold standard " of medical research .
But although it is better for doctors to make decisions based on clinical trial data than on instinct , trials are expensive and time - consuming .
They 're also constrained by the requirement that medications be tested on carefully selected , highly specific populations ( for example , diabetics who are overweight but not obese , with no past history of heart disease ) .
Because of this , Eddy realized , trials could never fully meet the needs of policymakers who have to make sweeping decisions about patient care .
Ideally , before recommending treatment protocols , you 'd like to test different combinations of therapies in a variety of patients .
And so Eddy hit on the idea of a soup - to - nuts model that would capture everything known by modern medicine , from the evolution of disease in different people — as shaped by factors like race , genetic risk , and number of hours spent doing yoga — to specific physiological details , such as the amount of heart muscle that dies in the hours after a heart attack and the degree to which medications like aspirin can limit that damage .
Tests could be run in hours instead of years , and the model could be constantly updated with the latest research .
It would spit out data on both health outcomes and finances , calculating the costs and benefits of particular treatments to the penny , taking into account data ranging from emergency room visits and blood tests to the savings generated by therapies that kept a patient 's illness from getting worse .
And because the mathematics captured the complex interactions of human physiology , Eddy argued , they allowed Archimedes to reproduce even aspects of disease that were n't readily measurable — like the amount of arterial plaque a person had accumulated by a certain age .
In other words , Eddy believed that his simulation had a strange and remarkable advantage : the ability to see even deeper into human physiology than actual researchers could .
This massively ambitious project , originally funded by Kaiser Permanente , now makes up the core of a private company , also called Archimedes , that Eddy operates from the 29th floor of a San Francisco office tower .
According to Mark Roberts , chief of the Section of Decision Sciences and head of the Clinical Systems Modeling program at the University of Pittsburgh , Eddy has built a system that can replicate the intricate web of human physiology and disease with amazing fidelity .
" I 've spent probably 25 years of my academic life trying to understand how to make these kinds of decision models be more clinically realistic , " Roberts says .
" But David is so far ahead of anyone else in the field — it really is amazing . "
Eddy has described his program as " Einstein meets Hippocrates . "
But others maintain that Eddy may just have built the world 's most expensive ant farm : a self - contained system of great complexity that has little bearing on reality .
The problem is not that every model is , by definition , an approximation .
At the heart of the debate is whether Eddy 's approximation is accurate — whether it truly represents the human body .
Marc Lipsitch , an epidemiologist at Harvard , is n't convinced , and he frets that Eddy may be using math to define connections that even medicine does n't understand .
" I 'm not aware of anybody who knows the exact quantitative relationship between diet and blood glucose and diabetes , " Lipsitch says .
" Clinicians tend not to trust models , " Eddy says .
" Which is understandable , since many models are junk and it can be difficult to tell which is which . "
II .
David Eddy 's obsession with calculation began early .
As a resident in cardiac surgery at Stanford in the 1970s , he worked briefly on an early artificial heart , which was then being tested in dogs .
Intrigued by the heart 's timing mechanism , Eddy taught himself calculus , and within a year he had abandoned his residency to enroll in the school 's Engineering - Economic Systems Department .
When he graduated several years later , Eddy won the Lanchester Prize in operations research for his dissertation .
Around the same time he was asked by the American Cancer Society to help write new national guidelines for cancer screening .
When his work was published in 1980 , it made headlines .
He recommended that women be screened for cervical cancer every three years rather than annually , which would save about $ 1 billion in medical costs .
A rising star , Eddy soon moved to Duke University , where he ran a center on health policy and began tipping more of medicine 's sacred cows .
The template for Eddy 's approach was empirical evidence , primarily the clinical trial , in which every variable is held constant except for those few under study .
By subjecting a treatment to the rigor of a double - blind , years - long investigation , Eddy believed , any assumption could be tested , any canard uncovered , and any good practice replaced with a better one — a conviction that he pushed in academic articles .
But administration wore on Eddy , and after five years in North Carolina the work had grown stale .
" I was getting old , fat , and burned out " he says .
" At first I thought , ' Well , that 's age ; you 've just got to learn to adjust . '
Then one day I 'm at the airport , and I see a poster in an ice cream shop of the Grand Teton .
And I say , ' Damn it , I 'm not going to adjust ! '
So I left Duke , built a house in Wyoming with a straight shot at the Grand , and started mountain climbing .
I decided I was too young to die . "
Collage : Dan Winters
After settling in Wyoming in 1987 , Eddy began working as a consultant for Kaiser Permanente — at the time a midsize insurer and health care provider .
He also continued a consulting gig he had with Blue Cross Blue Shield , helping the insurer set up a program to determine when the evidence of a treatment 's effectiveness was sufficient to justify coverage .
The work often pitted Eddy against doctors who believed he was interfering with their ability to treat patients .
In one particularly contentious case , Eddy argued against covering a complicated , potentially dangerous treatment involving high - dose chemotherapy followed by a bone marrow transplant that was believed to help breast cancer patients .
It cost up to $ 150,000 , and there was no evidence that the transplant actually made patients live longer , so Blue Cross decided not to cover the treatment .
But Eddy 's argument did n't fly with oncologists and advocacy groups , who pilloried him for denying patients access to a potentially lifesaving treatment and accused Blue Cross of sacrificing women 's health for its bottom line .
The dispute ignited the national media .
" The country was in a furor , " Eddy says .
" There was hate mail and that kind of thing . "
A cover story in Time magazine included a photo of a doctor gagged with a surgical mask .
Several years later , clinical trials confirmed that the high - dose chemotherapy and bone marrow transplant had no effect on patient survival .
" We held the line and stopped a dangerous treatment , " he says .
" The first rule is ' Thou shalt have evidence . ' "
That victory and others reinforced Eddy 's confidence and cemented his status as a champion of scientific data and evidence over medical judgment .
At Stanford , he 'd been appalled to discover that doctors still relied largely on anecdotal studies and conventional wisdom in determining treatment .
" I saw women who had terrible edema — a painful swelling caused by water retention — in their arms because their lymph nodes had been taken out during a radical mastectomy , " he says .
" So I asked the surgeons , ' Why do we have to take out the lymph nodes ? '
And they all said , ' You just have to . '
So then I started searching the medical literature , trying to find out what studies had been done showing that more women survived if their lymph nodes were removed .
And there were n't any ! "
Worse , Eddy found , many of the doctors ' assumptions were wrong .
In 1989 , Eddy published a comment in the Annals of Internal Medicine suggesting that annual chest x-rays , widely used for two decades as a strategy for detecting lung cancer , did nothing to save lives — even screening smokers did not reduce lung cancer mortality .
Over time , Eddy codified his insistence on data over tradition as the practice of " evidence - based medicine " and outlined the practical guidelines required for choosing one treatment over another .
Twenty years later , evidence - based medicine has become the norm in medical schools and hospitals .
( Even Medicare and Medicaid now insist that evidence accompany any new procedure or drug before they 'll authorize payment . )
" He really revolutionized medical practice , " says Richard Kahn , former chief scientific and medical officer of the American Diabetes Association .
" Before David forced doctors to examine their decisions , a lot of sloppy stuff was going on . "
But even as Eddy was lobbying to expand the mandate for clinical trials , he came to realize their limitations .
Besides being expensive and slow , clinical trials were inherently unable to explore the many possible variations in treatment — like whether a patient on one diabetes drug would benefit from a second , or how their prognosis would change if they exercised for an hour a day instead of half an hour .
Theoretically , a mathematical model would enable researchers to answer those questions .
In practice , building Archimedes created a whole new set of challenges .
What Eddy proposed to do was codify medicine , breaking the multitude of choices , trade - offs , and increments of clinical practice into a discrete and neat set of data .
Doing that , however , required a massive amount of firsthand information - gathering .
" We would go to the emergency room again and again , " says Len Schlessinger , a physicist who helped build Archimedes , " trying to figure out how a doctor decides whether to treat a patient with chest pains or send them home , what tests they order — all that .
We probably have an inch - thick stack of flowcharts describing the heart attack procedure alone . "
Untangling and re-creating the elaborate knot of rules and referrals that drove the health care system was particularly grueling .
The model currently includes more than 100 kinds of medical appointments — simple check - ups , complex visits , follow - ups — each with a different cost .
Then there was the confusing fact that patients often evaluate their symptoms differently .
Though most people begin to experience chest pains when their coronary arteries are 70 percent blocked , some will feel pain at 50 percent while others reach 90 percent before noticing a problem .
To plot that distribution , Eddy and Schlessinger looked at published studies of angiograms that revealed a patient 's actual level of arterial blockage when chest pains first appeared .
Simulating the biology underlying those symptoms was even trickier .
In general , Schlessinger points out , the deeper operations of a disease — the underlying cascade of molecular and genetic interactions — remain poorly understood .
" We could n't really do this model at the molecular level , " he says .
" It would be hopeless .
Even now it 's very complicated . "
Instead , Eddy and Schlessinger focused on clinical variables , like the relationship between heart disease and cholesterol level .
In practice , these factors exist in a complex web : Heart disease is a function of the amount of arterial plaque , which itself is a function of cholesterol , blood pressure , and weight , plus dozens of other factors .
As much as possible , Eddy and Schlessinger tried to replicate the details of that interdependence — following the threads of a biological web to connect , for instance , how a change in blood pressure affected other physiological measures .
Figuring out how to relate all those factors in simultaneous equations required long months of continual adjustment and long stretches of processor time .
" It takes a phenomenal amount of preparation to write equations for the working physiologies of individual people , " Eddy says .
Then he shrugs .
" That 's what we spent the last 10 years doing . "
Once the underlying rules had been established , the next hurdle was to prove that the model actually worked .
Without real patients for comparison , there was no way for Eddy to check the reliability of his predictions .
Medical decisions are among the most intensely personal choices that we make .
What would convince people to trust a machine ?
Data : Archimedes ; Design : Erik Carnes
Around 1998 , determined to prove the model 's merits , Eddy hit upon the idea of running a series of validation exercises , simulations designed to test Archimedes ' accuracy against the results from real - world clinical trials .
He published the results of 74 different exercises in 2003 .
In all but three cases , his model churned out results within the range of uncertainty of the actual trials .
Overall , the correlation coefficient was 0.99 — a score that prompted Eddy to boast that the equations " really do seem to represent what Mother Nature is doing . "
Encouraged by these numbers , a slew of government agencies and pharmaceutical companies rushed to get on board .
A few years ago , the Centers for Disease Control commissioned Eddy to determine whether a cardiovascular polypill — a combination of aspirin , a statin to lower cholesterol , three blood pressure medications , and folic acid in a single pill — should be given to all patients over age 55 .
Driving the CDC 's interest was a 2003 report by two British epidemiologists who argued that the polypill had the potential to dramatically reduce heart attacks and strokes in older patients and people with cardiovascular disease .
But the study left many questions unanswered , such as whether patients should start taking the pill at 55 or 65 and whether the multi- ingredient formula selected by the authors was the best one .
There was also the question of how much the polypill would cost compared with current treatments .
The calculation had to weigh the expense of a prescription medication , with its associated office visits and lab tests , against the money that would be saved by preventing strokes and heart attacks , with their associated hospital costs and long - term complications .
All of those variations were critical , Eddy noted , yet none could be easily studied with a conventional clinical trial .
" To answer each of those questions with clinical trials would require at least five years and half a billion dollars , " he says .
" You just ca n't do it .
Yet they are things we need to know ! "
For two months , an Archimedes team tinkered with the particulars of the simulation , which tracked 50,000 virtual patients over a simulated span of 30 years to gauge how many heart attacks the polypill could prevent in the US .
This was n't obvious :
While the authors of the British study had just combined the effects of each individual component given separately to get a total improvement of 80 percent , Eddy wanted to investigate — among other things — the interaction between the drugs .
For example , would one ingredient potentially limit the effectiveness of another ?
Though Eddy wo n't divulge the results , pending publication of the study next year , Lynn Etheredge , founder of the Health Insurance Reform Project at George Washington University , predicts that the simulation , if consistent with early studies , could change the standard of treatment for millions of people worldwide .
" Fewer heart attacks , millions of dollars saved ...
Whether Eddy will get a Nobel Prize , I 'm not sure , " he says .
" But he 's certainly changing how we think about health care . "
III .
Others agree that Eddy is changing things , just not for the better .
So far , some epidemiologists have argued , Archimedes has predicted only trials that turned out as everyone expected them to — ones where all Eddy did , in effect , was to predict the fifth point on a line where four points were already known .
That list includes the Cards trial .
Zeke Emanuel , health policy adviser for the Obama administration and a leading proponent of evidence - based medicine , calls Eddy 's creation " sophisticated but speculative . "
Emanuel says that " when you see the demo , there 's a certain ' wow ' factor .
And the fact that it has been able to predict some clinical trials is intriguing .
But most of us would then want to say , ' OK — let 's try it on this problem , which is n't one that you picked personally . '
Like any good presenter , presumably the results that Eddy shows are selective . "
Eddy 's secretive habits are also troubling , according to David Nathan , director of the Diabetes Center at Massachusetts General Hospital .
" If you listen to David , he has 10,000 variables and differential equations describing everything from blood sugar to office furniture , " Nathan says .
" But it 's never quite clear what they are or how they interact .
All the calculations happen inside a black box .
And that 's a problem because there 's no way to tell whether the model 's underlying assumptions are right . "
Eddy tends to answer such criticism by citing his record of success — specifically the 74 validations , which he maintains were chosen for their difficulty .
" The trial validations show that the model reflects the reality of how diseases progress , " he says .
" Whether or not we know exactly what drives them . "
This argument has so far failed to convince many clinicians .
Several epidemiologists , who did n't want to be named , insist that Eddy has remained frustratingly tight - lipped about the details of his creation .
" In the end I think he just wants to guard his property , " one said .
It 's a particularly ironic critique , given his history as a champion of hard data and clear evidence .
In the meantime , Eddy has continued to add new levels of medical detail .
To improve the model of coronary atherosclerosis , for example , he recently updated his equations to take into account advances in our understanding of unstable plaque .
That capacity to absorb new knowledge as it becomes available is critical , according to Eddy , because it allows the model to grow .
Some , however , argue that such changes constitute implicit admissions of failure : an acknowledgment that Archimedes , by overlooking many of the body 's underlying molecular processes , may be missing crucial details — with potentially disastrous consequences .
There 's some evidence of this .
A few years ago , Archimedes predicted that drugs like the new Torcetrapib , which worked by raising " good cholesterol " levels , would prevent about 15 percent of heart attacks in older people .
In fact , the opposite proved true .
A clinical trial evaluating the drug had to be halted when it became apparent that patients taking it were actually more likely to die from a heart attack than those in the control group .
Eddy does n't dispute this .
" The model will make mistakes , " he says .
" Mother Nature always has surprises up her sleeve . "
For the same reason , Eddy notes , Archimedes will never replace clinical trials when it comes to evaluating the safety and effectiveness of untested medications .
" The model is a living thing .
As medical knowledge and data expand , the model is updated , just as medical experts update their own knowledge , " he says bluntly .
Theoretically , Eddy argues , Archimedes ' mistakes could actually become virtues , by enabling researchers to identify where their understanding of human biology is faulty .
Etheredge agrees .
" When Archimedes is wrong , that 's when it 's going to get really interesting , " he says .
" We 've put everything we know about physiology into Archimedes — and it gave us the wrong answer !
What does that mean ?
It means we 're missing something .
So it can actually help us figure out where we have a gap in our knowledge . "
That assumes , of course , that the model itself is not the source of the mistake .
Eddy has argued that Archimedes is simply too complex for most researchers to grasp — relying as it does on a string of equations that are unintelligible to the average clinician .
But the stacks and stacks of unexplained equations are precisely what worry critics .
Because every piece in Archimedes is linked to every other through a series of simultaneous equations , changing one variable has the potential to cause cascading complications .
A new piece of information about the way arteries work could throw off an estimation about the blood flow in another part of the model .
At best , this could make Archimedes less nimble .
But some modelers worry that it could also turn Archimedes into a mathematical kludge : a piece of software built on the shifting sands of medical knowledge and kept running through complex rewiring — to the point where even the original architects can't follow all the links and assumptions .
Which raises a question :
Is Archimedes like medical knowledge itself , growing richer and closer to reality with every added layer of detail , or is it more like an ambitious Rube Goldberg contraption , functioning in spite of itself but only as long as all the parts can be kept in balance ?
Asked exactly that , Jonathan Brown , who models diabetes at Kaiser 's Center for Health Research , pauses for so long that it seems the phone line has gone dead .
" Real physiology is incredibly complex , " he says finally .
" And our understanding of disease is changing almost week by week . "
He sighs , then adds , " The risk with a model like Archimedes is that it may just end up codifying our ignorance . "
IV .
The issue of whether Archimedes codi\0xFB01es our ignorance — or saves us from it — may matter less than it seems .
Since all of Archimedes ' experiments are in silicon , people are n't going to get hurt in trials that run awry .
The only real risk would be if doctors or medical policymakers came to rely on the model too heavily when making decisions .
And to avoid that risk , Brown argues , any model aspiring to change medical treatment should be tested the way a new medication would be : through independent trials that can evaluate its predictive accuracy against a wide range of real , ongoing trials selected by outsiders .
For now , Archimedes just continues to grow .
Eddy recently expanded the model , which can currently simulate 16,500 person - years a minute , to include several new diseases , among them breast and lung cancer , and will soon launch ARCHeS , an online interface that will allow physicians , policymakers , and researchers to access Archimedes and design their own trials .
Last year , his company began a project that will enable doctors to create Archimedes doubles of individuals and then show patients the effects of different treatments .
The program is currently being tested at several of a major health care provider 's clinics , with results expected next year .
As hospitals begin the switch to electronic records , moreover , demand for Archimedes ' services is likely to skyrocket , with doctors clamoring to run virtual trials using information from actual patients .
( Fortuitously , Kaiser currently has the country 's largest repository of electronic medical records . )
In the meantime , business is booming , with the company 's computing hours booked well into 2010 .
" The model will learn , " Eddy says cheerfully .
" And so will the people using it . "
Contributing editor Jennifer Kahn ( jennifer_kahn@wired.com ) wrote about geneticist French Anderson in issue 15.10 .
Co-authored with Ajita Kamal
Editor ’s Note :
This article has been cited by P.Z. Myers at Pharyngula and Steven Novella at Neurologica .
“ It is almost irresistible for humans to believe that we have some special relation to the universe , that human life is not just a more - or - less farcical outcome of a chain of accidents reaching back to the first three minutes , but that we were somehow built in from the beginning . ”
– Steven Weinberg
“ You are here to enable the divine purpose of the universe to unfold .
That is how important you are . ”
– Eckhart Tolle
1. Introduction
The impulse to see human life as central to the existence of the universe is manifested in the mystical traditions of practically all cultures .
It is so fundamental to the way pre-scientific people viewed reality that it may be , to a certain extent , ingrained in the way our psyche has evolved , like the need for meaning and the idea of a supernatural God .
As science and reason dismantle the idea of the centrality of human life in the functioning of the objective universe , the emotional impulse has been to resort to finer and finer misinterpretations of the science involved .
Mystical thinkers use these misrepresentations of science to paint over the gaps in our scientific understanding of the universe , belittling , in the process , science and its greatest heroes .
In their recent article in The Huffington Post , biologist Robert Lanza and mystic Deepak Chopra put forward their idea that the universe is itself a product of our consciousness , and not the other way around as scientists have been telling us .
In essence , these authors are re-inventing idealism , an ancient philosophical concept that fell out of favour with the advent of the scientific revolution .
According to the idealists , the mind creates all of reality .
Many ancient Eastern and Western philosophical schools subscribe to this idealistic notion of the nature of reality .
In the modern context , idealism has been supplemented with a brand of quantum mysticism and relabeled as biocentrism .
According to Chopra and Lanza , this idea makes Darwin ’s theory of the biological evolution and diversification of life insignificant .
Both these men , although they come from different backgrounds , have independently expressed these ideas before with some popular success .
In the article under discussion their different styles converge to present a uniquely mystical and bizarre worldview , which we wish to debunk here .
2. Biocentrism Misinterprets Several Scientifically Testable Truths
The scientific background to the biocentrism idea is described in Robert Lanza ’s book Biocentrism : How Life and Consciousness Are the Keys to Understanding the True Nature of the Universe , in which Lanza proposes that biology and not physics is the key to understanding the universe .
Vital to his proposal is the idea that the universe does not really exist unless it is being observed by a conscious observer .
To support this idea , Lanza makes a series of claims :
( a) Lanza questions the conventional idea that space and time exist as objective properties of the universe .
In doing this , he argues that space and time are products of human consciousness and do not exist outside of the observer .
Indeed , Lanza concludes that everything we perceive is created by the act of perception .
The intent behind this argument is to help consolidate the view that subjective experience is all there is .
However , if you dig into what Lanza says it becomes clear that he is positioning the relativistic nature of reality to make it seem incongruous with its objective existence .
His reasoning relies on a subtle muddling of the concepts of subjectivity and objectivity .
Take , for example , his argument here :
“ Consider the color and brightness of everything you see ‘ out there . ’
On its own , light does n’t have any color or brightness at all .
The unquestionable reality is that nothing remotely resembling what you see could be present without your consciousness .
Consider the weather :
We step outside and see a blue sky – but the cells in our brain could easily be changed so we ‘ see ’ red or green instead .
We think it feels hot and humid , but to a tropical frog it would feel cold and dry .
In any case , you get the point .
This logic applies to virtually everything . “
There is only some partial truth to Lanza ’s claims .
Color is an experiential truth – that is , it is a descriptive phenomenon that lies outside of objective reality .
No physicist will deny this .
However , the physical properties of light that are responsible for color are characteristics of the natural universe .
Therefore , the sensory experience of color is subjective , but the properties of light responsible for that sensory experience are objectively true .
The mind does not create the natural phenomenon itself ; it creates a subjective experience or a representation of the phenomenon .
Similarly , temperature perception may vary from species to species , since it is a subjective experience , but the property of matter that causes this subjective experience is objectively real ; temperature is determined by the average kinetic energy of the molecules of matter , and there is nothing subjective about that .
Give a thermometer to a human and to an ass : they would both record the same value for the temperature at a chosen spot of measurement .
The idea that ‘ color ’ is a fact of the natural universe has been described by G. E. Moore as a naturalistic fallacy .
Also , the idea that color is created by an intelligent creator is a supernaturalistic fallacy .
It can be said that the idea that color is created objectively in the universe by the subjective consciousness of the observer is an anthropic fallacy .
The correct view is that ‘ color ’ is the subjective sensory perception by the observer of a certain property of the universe that the observer is a part of .
Time and space receive similar treatment as color and heat in Lanza ’s biocentrism .
Lanza reaches the conclusion that time does not exist outside the observer by conflating absolute time ( which does not exist ) with objective time ( which does ) .
In 2007 Lanza made his argument using an ancient mathematical riddle known as Zeno ’s Arrow paradox .
In essence , Zeno ’s Arrow paradox involves motion in space - time .
Lanza says :
“ Even time itself is not exempted from biocentrism .
Our sense of the forward motion of time is really the result of an infinite number of decisions that only seem to be a smooth continuous path .
At each moment we are at the edge of a paradox known as The Arrow , first described 2,500 years ago by the philosopher Zeno of Elea .
Starting logically with the premise that nothing can be in two places at once , he reasoned that an arrow is only in one place during any given instance of its flight .
But if it is in only one place , it must be at rest .
The arrow must then be at rest at every moment of its flight .
Logically , motion is impossible .
But is motion impossible ?
Or rather , is this analogy proof that the forward motion of time is not a feature of the external world but a projection of something within us ?
Time is not an absolute reality but an aspect of our consciousness . ”
In a more recent article Lanza brings up the implications of special relativity on Zeno ’s Arrow paradox .
He writes :
“ Consider a film of an archery tournament .
An archer shoots an arrow and the camera follows its trajectory .
Suddenly the projector stops on a single frame — you stare at the image of an arrow in mid-flight .
The pause enables you to know the position of the arrow with great accuracy , but it ’s going nowhere ; its velocity is no longer known .
This is the fuzziness described by in the uncertainty principle : sharpness in one parameter induces blurriness in the other .
All of this makes perfect sense from a biocentric perspective .
Everything we perceive is actively being reconstructed inside our heads .
Time is simply the summation of the ‘ frames ’ occurring inside the mind .
But change does n’t mean there is an actual invisible matrix called “ time ” in which changes occur .
That is just our own way of making sense of things . ”
In the first case Lanza seems to state that motion is logically impossible ( which is a pre-relativistic view of the paradox ) and in the next case he mentions that uncertainty is present in the system ( a post - relativistic model of motion ) .
In both cases , however , Lanza ’s conclusion is the same – biocentrism is true for time .
No matter what the facts about the nature of time , Lanza concludes that time is not real .
His model is unfalsifiable and therefore cannot be a part of science .
What Lanza does n’t let on is that Einstein ’s special - relativity theory removes the possibility of absolute time , not of time itself .
Zeno ’s Arrow paradox is resolved by replacing the idea of absolute time with Einstein ’s relativistic coupling of space and time .
Space - time has an uncertainty in quantum mechanics , but it is not nonexistent .
The idea of time as a series of sequential events that we perceive and put together in our heads is an experiential version of time .
This is the way we have evolved to perceive time .
This experiential version of time seems absolute , because we evolved to perceive it that way .
However , in reality time is relative .
This is a fundamental fact of modern physics .
Time does exist outside of the observer , but allows us only a narrow perception of its true nature .
Space is the other property of the universe that Lanza attempts to describe as purely a product of consciousness .
He says “ Wave your hand through the air .
If you take everything away , what ’s left ?
The answer is nothing .
So why do we pretend space is a thing ” .
Again , Einstein ’s theory of special relativity provides us with objective predictions that we can look for , such as the bending of space - time .
Such events have been observed and verified multiple times .
Space is a ‘ thing ’ as far as the objective universe is concerned .
Lanza says “ Space and time are simply the mind ’s tools for putting everything together . ”
This is true , but there is a difference between being the ‘ mind ’s tools ’ and being created by the mind itself .
In the first instance the conscious perception of space and time is an experiential trick that the mind uses to make sense of the objective universe , and in the other space and time are actual physical manifestations of the mind .
The former is tested and true while the latter is an idealistic notion that is not supported by science .
The experiential conception of space and time is different from objective space and time that comprise the universe .
This difference is similar to how color is different from photon frequency .
The former is subjective while the latter is objective .
Can Lanza deny all the evidence that , whereas we humans emerged on the scene very recently , our Earth and the solar system and the universe at large have been there all along ?
What about all the objective evidence that life forms have emerged and evolved to greater and greater complexity , resulting in the emergence of humans at a certain stage in the evolutionary history of the Earth ?
What about all the fossil evidence for how biological and other forms of complexity have been evolving ?
How can humans arrogate to themselves the power to create objective reality ?
Much of Lanza ’s idealism arises from a distrust / incomprehension of mathematics .
He writes :
“ In order to account for why space and time were relative to the observer , Einstein assigned tortuous mathematical properties to an invisible , intangible entity that can not be seen or touched .
This folly continues with the advent of quantum mechanics . ”
Why should the laws of Nature ‘ bother ’ about whether you can touch something or not ?
The laws of Nature have been there long before Lanza appeared on the scene .
Since he cannot visualize how the mathematics describes an objective universe outside of experience , Lanza announces that reality itself does not exist unless created by the act of observation .
Some cheek !
( b) Lanza claims that without an external observer , objects remain in a quantum probabilistic state .
He conflates this observer with consciousness ( which he admits to being “ subjective experience ” ) .
Therefore , he claims , without consciousness any possible universe will only exist as probabilities .
The misunderstanding of quantum theory that Lanza is promoting is addressed further in the article in the section on quantum theory ( Section 4 . ) .
( c) The central argument from Lanza is a hard version of the anthropic principle .
Lanza says :
“ Why , for instance , are the laws of nature exactly balanced for life to exist ?
There are over 200 physical parameters within the solar system and universe so exact that it strains credulity to propose that they are random — even if that is exactly what contemporary physics baldly suggests .
These fundamental constants ( like the strength of gravity ) are not predicted by any theory — all seem to be carefully chosen , often with great precision , to allow for existence of life .
Tweak any of them and you never existed . “
This reveals a total lack of understanding of what the anthropic principle really says .
So let us take a good , detailed , look at this principle .
3. The Planetary Anthropic Principle
And the beauty of the anthropic principle is that it tells us , against all intuition , that a chemical model need only predict that life will arise on one planet in a billion billion to give us a good and entirely satisfying explanation for the presence of life here .
Richard Dawkins , The God Delusion ( 2007 )
The anthropic principle was first enunciated by the mathematician Brandon Carter in 1974 .
Further elaboration and consolidation came in 1986 in the form of a book The Anthropic Cosmological Principle by Barrow and Tipler .
There are quite a few versions of the principle doing the rounds .
The scientifically acceptable version , also called the ‘ weak ’ ( or planetary ) version , states that :
The particular universe in which we find ourselves possesses the characteristics necessary for our planet to exist and for life , including human life , to flourish here .
In particle physics and cosmology , we humans have had to introduce ‘ best fit ’ parameters ( fundamental constants ) to explain the universe as we see it .
Slightly different values for some of the critical parameters would have led to entirely different histories of the cosmos .
Why do these parameters have the values they have ?
According to a differently worded form of the weak version of the anthropic principle stated above : the parameters and the laws of physics can be taken as fixed ; it is simply that we humans have appeared in the universe to ask such questions at a time when the conditions were just right for our life .
This version suffices to explain quite a few ‘ coincidences ’ related to the fact that the conditions for our evolution and existence on the planet Earth happen to be ‘ just right ’ for that purpose .
Life as we know it exists only on planet Earth .
Here is a list of favourable necessary conditions for its existence , courtesy Dawkins ( 2007 ) :
Availability of liquid water is one of the preconditions for our kind of life .
Around a typical star like our Sun , there is an optimum zone ( popularly called the ‘ Goldilocks zone ’ ) , neither so hot that water would evaporate , nor so cold that water would freeze , such that planets orbiting in that zone can sustain liquid water .
Our Earth is one such planet .
This optimum orbital zone should be circular or nearly circular .
Once again , our Earth fulfils that requirement .
A highly elliptical orbit would take the planet sometimes too close to the Sun , and sometimes too far , during its cycle .
That would result in periods when water either evaporates or freezes .
Life needs liquid water all the time .
The location of the planet Jupiter in our Solar system is such that it acts like a ‘ massive gravitational vacuum cleaner , ’ intercepting asteroids that would have been otherwise lethal to our survival .
Planet Earth has a single relatively large Moon , which serves to stabilize its axis of rotation .
Our Sun is not a binary star .
Binary stars can have planets , but their orbits can get messed up in all sorts of ways , entailing unstable or varying conditions , inimical for life to evolve and survive .
Most of the planets of stars in our universe are not in the Goldilocks zones of their parent stars .
This is understandable because , as the above list of favorable conditions shows , the probability for this to happen must be very low indeed .
But howsoever low this probability is , it is not zero :
The proof is that life does indeed exist on Earth .
What we have listed above are just some necessary conditions .
They are by no means sufficient conditions as well .
With all the above conditions available on Earth , another highly improbable set of phenomena occurred , namely the actual origin of life .
This origin was a set of highly improbable ( but not impossible ) set of chemical events , leading to the emergence of a mechanism for heredity .
This mechanism came in the form of emergence of some kind of genetic molecules like RNA .
This was a highly improbable thing to happen , but our existence implies that such an event , or a sequence of events , did indeed take place .
Once life had originated , Darwinian evolution of complexity through natural selection ( which is not a highly improbable set of events ) did the rest and here we are , discussing such questions .
Like the origin of life , another extremely improbable event ( or a set of events ) was the emergence of the sophisticated eukaryotic cell ( on which the life of we humans is based ) .
We invoke the anthropic principle again to say that , no matter how improbable such an event was statistically , it did indeed happen ; otherwise we humans would not be here .
The occurrence of all such one - off highly improbable events can be explained by the anthropic principle .
Before we discuss the cosmological or ‘ strong ’ version of the anthropic principle , it is helpful to recapitulate the basics of quantum theory .
4. Quantum Theory
In conventional quantum mechanics we use wave functions , ψ , to represent quantum states .
The wave function plays a role somewhat similar to that of trajectories in classical mechanics .
The Schrödinger equation describes how the wave function of a quantum system evolves with time .
This equation predicts a smooth and deterministic time - evolution of the wave function , with no discontinuities or randomness .
Just as trajectories in classical mechanics describe the evolution of a system in phase space from one time step to the next , the Schrödinger equation transforms the wave function at time t 0 ( corresponding to a specific point in phase space ) to its value ψ (t ) at another time t.
The physical interpretation of the wave function is that |ψ | 2is the probability of occurrence of the state of the system at a given point in phase space .
An elementary particle can exist as a superposition of two or more alternative quantum states .
Suppose its energy can take two values , E 1 and E 2 .
Let u 1 and u 2 denote the corresponding wave functions .
The quantum interpretation is that the system exists in both the states , with u 1 2 and u 2 2 as the respective probabilities .
Thus we move from a pure state to a mixture or ensemble of states .
What is more , something striking happens when we humans observe such a system , say an electron , with an instrument .
At the moment of observation , the wave function appears to collapse into only one of the possible alternative states , the superposition of which was described by the wave function before the event of measurement .
That is , a quantum state becomes decoherent when measured or monitored by the environment .
This amounts to the introduction of a discontinuity in the smooth evolution of the wave function with time .
This apparent collapse of the wave function does not follow from the mathematics of the Schrödinger equation , and was , in the early stages of the history of quantum mechanics , introduced ‘ by hand ’ as an additional postulate .
That is , one chose to introduce the interpretation that there is a collapse of the wave function to the state actually detected by the measurement in the ‘ real ’ world , to the exclusion of other states represented in the original wave function .
This ( unsatisfactory ) dualistic interpretation of quantum mechanics for dealing with the measurement problem was suggested by Bohr and Heisenberg at a conference in Copenhagen in 1927 , and is known as the Copenhagen interpretation .
Another basic notion in standard quantum mechanics is that of time asymmetry .
In classical mechanics we make the reasonable - looking assumption that , once we have formulated the Newtonian ( or equivalent ) equations of motion for a system , the future states are determined by the initial conditions .
In fact , we can not only calculate the future conditions from the initial conditions , we can even calculate the initial conditions if the future conditions or states are known .
This is time symmetry .
In quantum mechanics , the uncertainty principle destroys the time symmetry .
There can be now a one - to - many relationship between initial and final conditions .
Two identical particles , in identical initial conditions , need not be observed to be in the same final conditions at a later time .
Multiple universes
Hugh Everett , during the mid-1950s , expressed total dissatisfaction with the Copenhagen interpretation : ‘ The Copenhagen Interpretation is hopelessly incomplete because of its a priori reliance on classical physics … as well as a philosophic monstrosity with a “ reality ” concept for the macroscopic world and denial of the same for the microcosm . ’
The Copenhagen interpretation implied that equations of quantum mechanics apply only to the microscopic world , and cease to be relevant in the macroscopic or ‘ real ’ world .
Everett offered a new interpretation , which presaged the modern ideas of quantum decoherence .
Everett ’s ‘ many worlds ’ interpretation of quantum mechanics is now taken more seriously , although not entirely in its original form .
He simply let the mathematics of the quantum theory show the way for understanding logically the interface between the microscopic world and the macroscopic world .
He made the observer an integral part of the system being observed , and introduced a universal wave function that applies comprehensively to the totality of the system being observed and the observer .
This means that even macroscopic objects exist as quantum superpositions of all allowed quantum states .
There is thus no need for the discontinuity of a wave - function collapse when a measurement is made on the microscopic quantum system in a macroscopic world .
Everett examined the question :
What would things be like if no contributing quantum states to a superposition of states are banished artificially after seeing the results of an observation ?
He proved that the wave function of the observer would then bifurcate at each interaction of the observer with the system being observed .
Suppose an electron can have two possible quantum states A and B , and its wave function is a linear superposition of these two .
The evolution of the composite or universal wave function describing the electron and the observer would then contain two branches corresponding to each of the states A and B .
Each branch has a copy of the observer , one which sees state A as a result of the measurement , and the other which sees state B .
In accordance with the all - important principle of linear superposition in quantum mechanics , the branches do not influence each other , and each embarks on a different future ( or a different ‘ universe ’ ) , independent of the other .
The copy of the observer in each universe is oblivious to the existence of other copies of itself and other universes , although the ‘ full reality ’ is that each possibility has actually happened .
This reasoning can be made more abstract and general by removing the distinction between the observer and the observed , and stating that , at each interaction among the components of the composite system , the total or universal wave function would bifurcate as described above , giving rise to multiple universes or many worlds .
A modern and somewhat different version of this interpretation of quantum mechanics introduces the term quantum decoherence to rationalise how the branches become independent , and how each turns out to represent our classical or macroscopic reality .
Quantum computing is now a reality , and it is based on such understanding of quantum mechanics .
Parallel histories
Richard Feynman formulated a different version of the many - worlds idea , and spoke in terms of multiple or parallel histories of the universe ( rather than multiple worlds or universes ) .
This work , done after World War II , fetched him the Nobel Prize in 1965 .
Feynman , whose path integrals are well known in quantum mechanics , suggested that , when a particle goes from a point P to a point Q in phase space , it does not have just a single unique trajectory or history .
[ It should be noted that , although we normally associate the word ‘ history ’ only with past events , history in the present context can refer to both the past and the future .
A history is merely a narrative of a time sequence of event – past , present , or future . ]
Feynman proposed that every possible path or trajectory from P to Q in space - time is a candidate history , with an associated probability .
The wave function for every such trajectory has an amplitude and a phase .
The path integral for going from P to Q is obtained as the weighted vector sum , or integration over all such individual paths or histories .
Feynman ’s rules for assigning the amplitudes and phases for computing the sum over histories happen to be such that the effects of all except the one actually measured for a macroscopic object get cancelled out .
For sub-microscopic particles , of course , the cancellation is far from complete , and there are indeed competing histories or parallel universes .
Quantum Darwinism
A different resolution to the problem of interfacing the microscopic quantum description of reality with macroscopic classical reality is offered by what has been called ‘ quantum Darwinism . ’
This formalism does not require the existence of an observer as a witness of what occurs in the universe .
Instead , the environment is the witness .
A selective witness at that , rather like natural selection in Darwin ’s theory of evolution .
The environment determines which quantum properties are the fittest to survive ( and be observed , for example , by humans ) .
Many copies of the fitter quantum property get created in the entire environment ( ‘ redundancy ’ ) .
When humans make a measurement , there is a much greater chance that they would all observe and measure the fittest solution of the Schrödinger equation , to the exclusion ( or near exclusion ) of other possible outcomes of the measurement experiment .
In a computer experiment , Blume - Kohout and Zurek ( 2007 ) demonstrated quantum Darwinism ( http://www.arxiv.org/abs/0704.3615) in zero-temperature quantum Brownian motion ( QBM ) .
A harmonic oscillator system ( S ) is made to evolve in contact with a bath ( ε ) of harmonic oscillators .
The question asked is :
How much information about S can an observer extract from the bath ε ?
ε consists of subenvironments ε i ; i = 1 , 2 , 3 , … Each observer has exclusive access to a fragment F consisting of m subenvironments .
The so - called ‘ mutual information entropy ’ is calculated from the quantum mutual information between S and F .
An important result of this approach is that substantial redundancy appears in the QBM model ; i.e. , multiple redundant records get made in the environment .
As the authors state , this redundancy accounts for the objectivity and the classicality ; the environment is a witness , holding many copies of the evidence .
When humans make a measurement , it is most likely that they would all interact with one of the stable recorded copies , rather than directly with the actual quantum system , and thus observe and measure the classical value , to the exclusion of other possible outcomes of the measurement experiments .
Gell - Mann ’s coarse - graining interpretation of quantum mechanics
For this interpretation , let us first understand the difference between fine - grained and coarse - grained histories of the universe .
Completely
fine - grained histories of the universe are histories that give as complete a description as possible of the entire universe at every moment of time .
Consider a simplified universe in which elementary particles have no attributes other than positions and momenta , and in which the indistinguishability among particles of a given type is ignored .
Then , one kind of fine - grained history of the simplified universe would be one in which the positions of all the particles are known at all times .
Unlike classical mechanics which is deterministic , quantum mechanics is probabilistic .
One might think that we can write down the probability for each possible fine - grained history .
But this is not so .
It turns out that the ‘ interference ’ terms between fine - grained histories do not usually cancel out , and we cannot assign probabilities to the fine - grained histories .
One has to resort to coarse - graining to be able to assign probabilities to the histories .
Murray Gell - Mann and coworkers applied this approach to a description of the quantum - mechanical histories of the universe .
It was shown that the interference terms get cancelled out on coarse - graining .
Thus we can work directly with wave functions , rather than having to work with wave - function amplitudes , and then there is no problem interfacing the microscopic description with the macroscopic world of measurements etc .
Gell - Mann also emphasized the point that the term ‘ many worlds or universes ’ should be substituted by ‘ many alternative histories of the universe ’ , with the further proviso that the many histories are not ‘ equally real ’ ; rather they have different probabilities of occurrence .
5 . The Cosmological Anthropic Principle
Some quantum cosmologists like to talk about a so - called anthropic principle that requires conditions in the universe to be compatible with the existence of human beings .
A weak form of the principle states merely that the particular branch history on which we find ourselves possesses the characteristics necessary for our planet to exist and for life , including human life , to flourish here .
In that form , the anthropic principle is obvious .
In its strongest form , however , such a principle will supposedly apply to the dynamics of the elementary particles and the initial conditions of the universe , somehow shaping those fundamental laws so as to produce human beings .
That idea seems to me so ridiculous as to merit no further discussion .
Murray Gell - Mann , The Quark and the Jaguar
Much confusion and uncalled - for debate has been engendered by the ( scientifically unsound ) ‘ strong ’ or cosmological version of the anthropic principle , which is sometimes stated as follows :
Since the universe is compatible with the existence of human beings , the dynamics of the elementary particles and the initial conditions of the universe must have been such that they shaped the fundamental laws so as to produce human beings .
This is clearly untenable .
There are no grounds for the existence of a ‘ principle ’ like this .
A scientifically untenable principle is no principle at all .
No wonder , the Nobel laureate Gell - Mann , as quoted above , described it as ‘ so ridiculous as to merit no further discussion . ’
The chemical elements needed for life were forged in stars , and then flung far into space through supernova explosions .
This required a certain amount of time .
Therefore the universe cannot be younger than the lifetime of stars .
The universe cannot be too old either , because then all the stars would be ‘ dead ’ .
Thus , life can exist only when the universe has just the age that we humans measure it to be , and has just the physical constants that we measure them to be .
It has been calculated that if the laws and fundamental constants of our universe had been even slightly different from what they are , life as we know it would not have been possible .
Rees ( 1999 ) , in the book Just Six Numbers , listed six fundamental constants which together determine the universe as we see it .
Their fine - tuned mutual values are such that even a slightly different set of these six numbers would have been inimical to our emergence and existence .
Consideration of just one of these constants , namely the strength of the strong interaction ( which determines the binding energies of nuclei ) , is enough to make the point .
It is defined as that fraction of the mass of an atom of hydrogen which is released as energy when hydrogen atoms fuse to form an atom of helium .
Its value is 0.007 , which is just right ( give or take a small acceptable range ) for any known chemistry to exist , and no chemistry means no life .
Our chemistry is based on reactions among the 90 - odd elements .
Hydrogen is the simplest among them , and the first to occur in the periodic table .
All the other elements in our universe got synthesised by fusion of hydrogen atoms .
This nuclear fusion depends on the strength of the strong or nuclear interaction , and also on the ability of a system to overcome the intense Coulomb repulsion between the fusing nuclei .
The creation of intense temperatures is one way of overcoming the Coulomb repulsion .
A small star like our Sun has a temperature high enough for the production of only helium from hydrogen .
The other elements in the periodic table must have been made in the much hotter interiors of stars larger than our Sun .
These big stars may explode as supernovas , sending their contents as stellar dust clouds , which eventually condense , creating new stars and planets , including our own Earth .
That is how our Earth came to have the 90 - odd elements so crucial to the chemistry of our life .
The value 0.007 for the strong interaction determined the upper limit on the mass number of the elements we have here on Earth and elsewhere in our universe .
A value of , say , 0.006 , would mean that the universe would contain nothing but hydrogen , making impossible any chemistry whatsoever .
And if it were too large , say 0.008 , all the hydrogen would have disappeared by fusing into heavier elements .
No hydrogen would mean no life as we know it ; in particular there would be no water without hydrogen .
Similarly for the other finely - tuned fundamental constants of our universe .
Existence of humans has become possible because the values of the fundamental constants are what they are ; had they been different , we would not exist ; that is how the anthropic principle ( planetary or cosmological , weak or strong ) should be stated .
The weak version is the only valid version of the principle .
But why does the universe have these values for the fundamental constants , and not some other set of values ?
Different physicists and cosmologists have tried to answer this question in different ways , and the investigations go on .
One possibility is that there are multiple universes , and we are in one just right for our existence .
Another idea is based on string theory .
6. String Theory and the Anthropic Principle
A ‘ string ’ is a fundamental 1 - dimensional object , postulated to replace the concept of structureless elementary particles .
Different vibrational modes of a string give rise to the various elementary particles ( including the graviton ) .
String theory aims to unite quantum mechanics and the general theory of relativity , and is thus expected to be a unified ‘ theory of everything . ’
When this theory makes sufficient headway , the six fundamental constants identified by Rees will turn out to be inter-related , and not free to have any arbitrary values .
But this still begs the question asked above :
Why this particular set of fundamental constants , and not another ?
Hawking ( 1988 ) asked an even deeper question : ‘ Even if there is only one possible unified theory , it is just a set of rules and equations .
What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe ?
The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe .
Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing ?’
Our universe is believed to have started at the big bang , shown by Hawking and Penrose in the 1970s to be a singularity point is space - time ( some physicists disagree with the singularity idea ) .
The evidence for this seems to be that the universe has been expanding ( ‘ inflating ’ ) ever since then .
It so happens that we have no knowledge of the set of initial boundary conditions at the moment of the big bang .
Moreover , as Hawking and Hertog said in 2006 , things could be a little simpler ‘ if one knew that the universe was set going in a particular way in either the finite or infinite past . ’
Therefore Hawking and coworkers argued that it is not possible to adopt the bottom up approach to cosmology wherein one starts at the beginning of time , applies the laws of physics , calculates how the universe would evolve with time , and then just hopes that it would turn out to be something like the universe we live in .
Consequently a top down approach has been advocated by them ( remember , this is just a model ) , wherein we start with the present and work our way backwards into the past .
According to Hawking and Hertog ( 2006 ) , there are many possible histories ( corresponding to successive unpredictable bifurcations in phase space ) , and the universe has lived them all .
Not only that , there is also an anthropic angle to this scenario :
As mentioned above , Stephen Hawking and Roger Penrose had proved that the moment of the big bang was a singularity , i.e. a point where gravity must have been so strong as to curve space and time in an unimaginably strong way .
Under such extreme conditions our present formulation of general relativity would be inadequate .
A proper quantum theory of gravity is still an elusive proposition .
But , as suggested by Hawking and Hertog in 2006 , because of the small size of the universe at and just after the big bang , quantum effects must have been very important .
The origin of the universe must have been a quantum event .
This statement has several weird - looking consequences .
The basic idea is to incorporate the consequences of Heisenberg ’s uncertainty principle when considering the evolution of the ( very small ) early universe , and combine it with Feynman ’s sum -over - histories approach .
This means that , starting from configuration A , the early universe could go not only to B , but also to other configurations B’ , B ” , etc. ( as permitted by the quantum - mechanical uncertainty principle ) , and one has to do a sum- over - histories for each of the possibilities AB , AB ’ , AB ” , … And each such branch corresponds to a different evolution of the universe ( with different cosmological and other fundamental constants ) , only one or a few of them corresponding to a universe in which we humans could evolve and survive .
This provides a satisfactory answer to the question : ‘ why does the universe have these values for the fundamental constants , and not some other set of values ?’.
The statement ‘ humans exist in a universe in which their existence is possible ’ is practically a tautology .
How can humans exist in a universe which has values of fundamental constants which are not compatible with their existence ?!
Stop joking , Dr. Lanza .
The other possible universes ( or histories ) also exist , each with a specific probability .
Our observations of the world are determining the history that we see .
The fact that we are there and making observations assigns to ourselves a particular history .
Let A denote the beginning of time ( if there is any ) , and B denote now .
The state of the universe at point B can be broadly specified by recognizing the important aspects of the world around us :
There are three large dimensions in space , the geometry of space is almost flat , the universe is expanding , etc .
The problem is that we have no way of specifying point A . So how do we perform the various sums over histories ?
An interesting point of the quantum mechanical sums - over - histories theory is that the answers come out right when we work with imaginary ( or complex ) time , rather than real time .
The work of Hawking and Hertog ( 2006 ) has shown that the imaginary - time approach is crucial for understanding the origin of the universe .
When the histories of the universe are added up in imaginary time , time gets transformed into space .
It follows from this work that when the universe was very small , it had four spatial dimensions , and none for time .
In terms of the history of the universe , it means that there is no point A , and that the universe has no definable starting point or initial boundary conditions .
In this no -boundary scheme of things , we can only start from point B and work our way backwards ( the top - down approach ) .
This approach also solves the fine - tuning problem of cosmology .
Why has the universe a particular inflation history ?
Why does the cosmological constant ( which determines the rate of inflation ) have the value it has ?
Why did the early universe have a particular ‘ fine - tuned ’ initial configuration and a specific ( fast ) initial rate of inflation ?
In the no-boundary scenario there is no need to define an initial state .
And there is no need for any fine tuning .
What is more , the very fact of inflation , as against no inflation , follows from the theory as the most probable scenario .
String theory defines a near - infinity of multiple universes .
This goes well with the anthropic - principle idea that , out of the multiple choices for the fundamental constants ( including the cosmological constant ) for each such universe , we live in the universe that makes our existence possible .
In the language of string theory , there are multiple ‘ pocket ’ universes that branch off from one another , each branch having a different set of fundamental constants .
Naturally , we are living in one with just the right fundamental constants for our existence .
While many physicists feel uncomfortable with this unconfirmed world view , Hawking and Hertog ( 2006 ) have pointed out that the picture of a never - ending proliferation of pocket universes is meaningful only from the point of view of an observer outside a universe , and that situation ( observer outside a universe ) is impossible .
This means that parallel pocket universes can have no effect on an actual observer inside a particular pocket .
Hawking ’s work has several other implications as well .
For example , in his scheme of things the string theory ‘ landscape ’ is populated by the set of all possible histories .
All possible versions of a universe exist in a state of quantum superposition .
When we humans choose to make a measurement , a subset of histories that share the specific property measured gets selected .
Our version of the history of the universe is determined by that subset of histories .
No wonder the cosmological anthropic principle holds .
How can any rational person use the anthropic principle to justify biocentrism ?
Hawking and Hertog ’s theory can be tested by experiment , although that is not going to be easy .
Its invocation of Heisenberg ’s uncertainty principle during the early moments of the universe , and the consequent quantum fluctuations , leads to a prediction of specific fluctuations in the cosmic microwave background , and in the early spectrum of gravitational waves .
These predicted fluctuations arise because there is an uncertainty in the exact shape of the early universe , which is influenced , among other things , by other histories with similar geometries .
Unprecedented precision will be required for testing these predictions .
In any case , gravitation waves have not even been detected yet .
In any case , good scientists are having a serious debate about the correct interpretation of the data available about life and the universe .
While this goes on , non-scientists and charlatans cannot be permitted to twist facts to satisfy the hunger of humans for the feel - good or feel - important factor .
The scientific method is such that scientists feel good when they are doing good science .
7. Wolfram ’s Universe
Stephen Wolfram has emphasized the role of computational irreducibility when it comes to trying to understand our universe .
The notion of probability ( as opposed to certainty ) is inherent in our worldview if quantum theory is a valid theory .
Wolfram argues that this may not be a correct worldview .
He does not rule out the possibility that there really is just a single , definite , rule for our universe which , in a sense , deterministically specifies how everything in our universe happens .
Things only look probabilistic because of the high degree of complexity involved , particularly regarding the very structure and connectivity of space and time .
It is computational irreducibility that sometimes makes certain things look incomprehensible or probabilistic , rather than deterministic .
Since we are restricted to doing the computational work within the universe , we cannot expect to ‘ outrun ’ the universe , and derive knowledge any faster than just by watching what the universe actually does .
Wolfram points out that there is relief from this tyranny of computational irreducibility only in the patches or islands of computational reducibility .
It is in those patches that essentially all of our current physics lies .
In natural science we usually have to be content with making models that are approximations .
Of course , we have to try to make sure that we have managed to capture all the features that are essential for some particular purpose .
But when it comes to finding an ultimate model for the universe , we must find a precise and exact representation of the universe , with no approximations .
This would amount to reducing all physics to mathematics .
But even if we could do that and know the ultimate rule , we are still going to be confronted with the problem of computational irreducibility .
So , at some level , to know what will happen , we just have to watch and see history unfold .
8. The Nature of Consciousness
One criticism of biocentrism comes from the philosopher Daniel Dennett , who says “ It looks like an opposite of a theory , because he does n’t explain how consciousness happens at all .
He ’s stopping where the fun begins . ”
The logic behind this criticism is obvious .
Without a descriptive explanation for consciousness and how it ‘ creates ’ the universe , biocentrism is not useful .
In essence , Lanza calls for the abandonment of modern theoretical physics and its replacement with a magical solution .
Here are a few questions that one might ask of the idea :
What is this consciousness ?
Why does this consciousness exist ?
What is the nature of the interaction between this consciousness and the universe ?
Is the problem of infinite regression applicable to consciousness itself ?
Even if Lanza ’s interpretation of the anthropic principle is a valid argument against modern theoretical physics , does the biocentric model of consciousness create a bigger ontological problem than the one it attempts to solve ?
Consider this statement by Lanza :
“ Consciousness cannot exist without a living , biological creature to embody its perceptive powers of creation . “
How can consciousness create the universe if it does n’t exist ?
How can the “ living , biological creature ” exist if the universe has not been created yet ?
It becomes apparent that Lanza is muddling the meaning of the word ‘ consciousness . ’
In one sense he equates it to subjective experience that is tied to a physical brain .
In another , he assigns to consciousness a spatio - temporal logic that exists outside of physical manifestation .
In this case , the above questions become : 1 . What is this spatio - temporal logic ? ;
2 . Why does this spatio - temporal logic exist ?
and so on …
Daniel Dennett ’s criticism of biocentrism centres on Lanza ’s non-explanation of the nature of consciousness .
In fact , even from a biological
perspective Lanza ’s conception of consciousness is unclear .
For example , he consistently equates consciousness with subjective experience while stressing its independence from the objective universe ( see Lanza ’s quote below ) .
This is an appeal to the widespread but erroneous intuition towards Cartesian Dualism .
In this view , consciousness ( subjective experience ) belongs to a different plane of reality than the one on which the material universe is constructed .
Lanza requires this general definition of consciousness to construct his theory of biocentrism .
He uses it in the same way that Descartes used it – as a semantic tool to deconstruct reality .
In fact , Lanza ’s theory of biocentrism is a sophisticated non-explanation for the ‘ brain in a vat ’ problem that plagued philosophers for centuries .
However , instead of subscribing to Cartesian Dualism , he attempts a Cartesian Monism by invoking quantum mechanics .
To be exact , his view is Monistic Idealism – the idea that consciousness is everything - but the Cartesian bias is an essential element in his arguments .
In a dualistic or idealistic context , Lanza ’s definition of consciousness as subjective experience may be acceptable .
However , Lanza ’s definition is incomplete from a scientific perspective .
The truth is that there are difficulties in analysing consciousness empirically .
In scientific terms , consciousness is a ‘ hard problem ’ , meaning that its complete subjective nature places it beyond direct objective study .
Lanza exploits this difficulty to deny science any understanding of consciousness .
Lanza trivializes the current debate in the scientific community about the nature of consciousness when he says :
“ Neuroscientists have developed theories that might help to explain how separate pieces of information are integrated in the brain and thus succeed in elucidating how different attributes of a single perceived object - such as the shape , colour , and smell of a flower - are merged into a coherent whole .
These theories reflect some of the important work that is occurring in the fields of neuroscience and psychology , but they are theories of structure and function .
They tell us nothing about how the performance of these functions is accompanied by a conscious experience ; and yet the difficulty in understanding consciousness lies precisely here , in this gap in our understanding of how a subjective experience emerges from a physical process . ”
This criticism of the lack of a scientific consensus on the nature of consciousness is empty , considering that Lanza himself proposes no actual mechanism for consciousness , but still places it at the centre of his theory of the universe .
There is no need to view consciousness as such a mystery .
There are some contemporary models of consciousness that are quite explanatory , presenting promising avenues for studying how the brain works .
Daniel Dennett ’s Multiple Drafts Model is one .
According to Dennett , there is nothing mystical about consciousness .
It is an illusion created by tricks in the brain .
The biological machinery behind the tricks that create the illusion of consciousness is the product of successive evolutionary processes , beginning with the development of primitive physiological reactions to external stimuli .
In the context of modern humans , consciousness consists of a highly dynamic process of information exchange in the brain .
Multiple sets of sensory information , memories and emotional cues are competing with each other at all times in the brain , but at any one instant only one set of these factors dominates the brain .
At the next instant , another set of slightly different factors are dominant .
At all instants , multiple sets of information are competing with each other for dominance .
This creates the illusion of a continuous stream of thoughts and experiences , leading to the intuition that consciousness comprises the entirety of the voluntary mental function of the individual .
There are other materialist models , such as Marvin Minsky ’s view of the brain as an emotional machine , that provide us with ways of approaching the problem from a scientific perspective without resorting to mysticism .
Consciousness is not something that requires a restructuring of objective reality .
It is a subjective illusion on one level , and the mechanistic outcome of evolutionary processes on another .
“ A human being is a part of a whole , called by us ‘ universe ’ , a part limited in time and space .
He experiences himself , his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest … a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness . ”
Albert Einstein
9. Deepak Chopra Finds an Ally for Hijacking and Distorting Scientific Truths
Deepak Chopra , Lanza ’s coauthor in the article , is known for making bold claims about the nature of the universe .
He peddles a form of new - age Hinduism .
Chopra ’s ideas about a conscious universe are derived from an interpretation of Vedic teachings .
He supplements this new - age Hinduism with ideas from a minority view among physicists that the Copenhagen Interpretation implies a conscious universe .
This view is expounded by Amit Goswamiin his book The Self - Aware Universe .
In turn , Goswami and his peers were influenced by Fritjof Capra ’s book The Tao of Physics in which the author attempts to reconcile reductionist science with Eastern mystical philosophies .
Much of modern quantum mysticism in the popular culture can be traced back to Capra .
Chopra ’s philosophy is essentially a distillation of Capra ’s work combined with a popular marketing strategy to sell all kinds of pseudoscientific garbage .
Considering Chopra ’s reputation in the scientific community for making absurd quack claims about every subject under the sun , one must wonder about the strange pairing between the two writers .
With Lanza ’s experience in biomedical research , he could not possibly be in agreement with Chopra ’s brand of holistic healing and quantum mysticism .
Rather , it seems likely that this is an arrangement of convenience .
If you look at what drives the two men , a mutually reinforced disenchantment with Darwin ’s ideas emerges as a strong motive behind the pairing .
Both Chopra and Lanza are disillusioned with a certain perceived implication of Darwinian evolution on human existence – that the meaning of life is inconsequential to the universe .
Evolutionary biology upholds the materialist view of modern science that consciousness is a product of purely inanimate matter assembling in highly complex states .
Such a view is disillusioning to anyone who craves a more central role for the human ego in determining one ’s reality .
The view that human life is central to existence is found in most philosophical and religious traditions .
This view is so fundamental to our nature that we can say it is an intuitive reaction to the very condition of being conscious .
It has traditionally been the powerful driving force behind philosophers , poets , priests , mystics and scholars of history .
Darwin dismantled the idea in one clean stroke .
Therefore , Darwin became the enemy .
The entire theory of biocentrism is an attempt to ingrain the idea of human destiny into popular science .
The title of Chopra and Lanza ’s article is “ Evolution Reigns , but Darwin Outmoded ” .
This may mislead you to think that the article is about new discoveries in biological evolution .
On reading the article , however , it becomes apparent that the authors are not talking about biological evolution at all .
It is relevant to note that not once in their article do they say how Darwin has been outmoded .
Towards the end of their article , Chopra and Lanza say :
“ Darwin ’s theory of evolution is an enormous over - simplification .
It ’s helpful if you want to connect the dots and understand the interrelatedness of life on the planet — and it ’s simple enough to teach to children between recess and lunch .
But it fails to capture the driving force and what ’s really going on . ”
There is irony in dismissing the most brilliant and explanatory scientific theory in all of biology as an ‘ over - simplification ’ , by over - simplifying it as a way to “ connect the dots and understand the interrelatedness of life on the planet ” .
Contrast this with what Richard Dawkins said : “ In 1859 , Charles Darwin announced one of the greatest ideas ever to occur to a human mind : cumulative evolution by natural selection . ”
The irony of Chopra and Lanza ’s statement is compounded by the fact that biocentrism does not address biological evolution at all !
The authors are simply interested in belittling the uncomfortable implications of evolutionary theory , while not actually saying anything about the theory itself !
We can safely assume that Lanza and Chopra are more concerned with the implications of Darwinian evolution on the nature of the human ego , and not on the theory of evolution by natural selection .
Interestingly , Chopra has demonstrated his dislike and ignorance of biological evolution multiple times .
Here are some prize quotations from the woo - master himself ( skip these if you feel an aneurysm coming ) :
“ To say the DNA happened randomly is like saying that a hurricane could blow through a junk yard and produce a jet plane . “
“ How does nature take creative leaps ?
In the fossil record there are repeated gaps that no “ missing link ” can fill .
The most glaring is the leap by which inorganic molecules turned into DNA .
For billions of years after the Big Bang , no other molecule replicated itself .
No other molecule was remotely as complicated .
No other molecule has the capacity to string billions of pieces of information that remain self - sustaining despite countless transformations into all the life forms that DNA has produced . “
“ If mutations are random , why does the fossil record demonstrate so many positive mutations –those that lead to new species–and so few negative ones ?
Random chance should produce useless mutations thousands of times more often than positive ones . “
“ Evolutionary biology is stuck with regard to simultaneous mutations .
One kind of primordial skin cell , for example , mutated into scales , fur , and feathers .
These are hugely different adaptations , and each is tremendously complex .
How could one kind of cell take three different routs purely at random ? “
“ If design does n’t imply intelligence , why are we so intelligent ?
The human body is composed of cells that evolved from one - celled blue - green algae , yet that algae is still around .
Why did DNA pursue the path of greater and greater intelligence when it could have perfectly survived in one - celled plants and animals , as in fact it did ? “
“ Why do forms replicate themselves without apparent need ?
The helix or spiral shape found in the shell of the chambered nautilus , the centre of sunflowers , spiral galaxies , and DNA itself seems to be such a replication .
It is mathematically elegant and appears to be a design that was suited for hundreds of totally unrelated functions in nature . “
“ What happens when simple molecules come into contact with life ?
Oxygen is a simple molecule in the atmosphere , but once it enters our lungs , it becomes part of the cellular machinery , and far from wandering about randomly , it precisely joins itself with other simple molecules , and together they perform cellular tasks , such as protein - building , whose precision is millions of times greater than anything else seen in nature .
If the oxygen does n’t change physically –and it does n’t –what invisible change causes it to acquire intelligence the instant it contacts life ? “
“ How can whole systems appear all at once ?
The leap from reptile to bird is proven by the fossil record .
Yet this apparent step in evolution has many simultaneous parts .
It would seem that Nature , to our embarrassment , simply struck upon a good idea , not a simple mutation .
If you look at how a bird is constructed , with hollow bones , toes elongated into wing bones , feet adapted to clutching branches instead of running , etc. , none of the mutations by themselves give an advantage to survival , but taken altogether , they are a brilliant creative leap .
Nature takes such leaps all the time , and our attempt to reduce them to bits of a jigsaw puzzle that just happened to fall into place to form a beautifully designed picture seems faulty on the face of it .
Why do we insist that we are allowed to have brilliant ideas while Nature is n’t ? “
“ Darwin ’s iron law was that evolution is linked to survival , but it was long ago pointed out that “ survival of the fittest ” is a tautology .
Some mutations survive , and therefore we call them fittest .
Yet there is no obvious reason why the dodo , kiwi , and other flightless birds are more fit ; they just survived for a while .
DNA itself is n’t fit at all ; unlike a molecule of iron or hydrogen , DNA will blow away into dust if left outside on a sunny day or if attacked by pathogens , x-rays , solar radiation , and mutations like cancer .
The key to survival is more than fighting to see which organism is fittest . “
“ Competition itself is suspect , for we see just as many examples in Nature of cooperation .
Bees cooperate , obviously , to the point that when a honey bee stings an enemy , it acts to save the whole hive .
At the moment of stinging , a honeybee dies .
In what way is this a survival mechanism , given that the bee does n’t survive at all ?
For that matter , since a mutation can only survive by breeding –“ survival ” is basically a simplified term for passing along gene mutations from one generation to the next - how did bees develop drones in the hive , that is , bees who cannot and never do have sex ? “
“ How did symbiotic cooperation develop ?
Certain flowers , for example , require exactly one kind of insect to pollinate them .
A flower might have a very deep calyx , or throat , for example than only an insect with a tremendously long tongue can reach .
Both these adaptations are very complex , and they serve no outside use .
Nature was getting along very well without this symbiosis , as evident in the thousands of flowers and insects that persist without it .
So how did numerous generations pass this symbiosis along if it is so specialized ? “
“ Finally , why are life forms beautiful ?
Beauty is everywhere in Nature , yet it serves no obvious purpose .
Once a bird of paradise has evolved its incredibly gorgeous plumage , we can say that it is useful to attract mates .
But does n’t it also attract predators , for we simultaneously say that camouflaged creatures like the chameleon survive by not being conspicuous .
In other words , exact opposites are rationalized by the same logic .
This is no logic at all .
Non-beautiful creatures have survived for millions of years , so have gorgeous ones .
The notion that this is random seems weak on the face of it . “
Now comes the kicker .
All these quotes that demonstrate a complete lack of understanding of biology , let alone the theory of evolution by natural selection , are from one single article as compiled by P. Z. Myers in his blog post in 2005 .
Since then , Chopra has continued to spout his ignorance of evolution over and over .
Chopra ’s brand of mysticism gets its claimed legitimacy from science and its virulence from discrediting science ’s core principles .
He continues this practice through his association with Robert Lanza .
Both Chopra and Lanza seem to be disillusioned by the perceived emptiness of a non-directional evolutionary reality .
Chopra has invested much time and effort in promoting the idea that consciousness in a property of the universe itself .
He finds in Lanza a keen mind with an inclination towards a similar dislike for a perceived lack of anthropocentric meaning in the nature of biological life as described by Darwin ’s theory of evolution by natural selection .
10 . Conclusions
Let us recapitulate the main points :
( a) Space and time exist , even though they are relative and not absolute .
( b) Modern quantum theory , long after the now - discredited Copenhagen interpretation , is consistent with the idea of an objective universe that exists without a conscious observer .
( c) Lanza and Chopra misunderstand and misuse the anthropic principle .
(d) The biocentrism approach does not provide any new information about the nature of consciousness , and relies on ignoring recent advances in understanding consciousness from a scientific perspective .
(e) Both authors show thinly - veiled disdain for Darwin , while not actually addressing his science in the article .
Chopra has demonstrated his utter ignorance of evolution multiple times .
Modern physics is a vast and multi-layered web that stretches over the entire deck of cards .
All other natural sciences – all truths that exist in the material world - are interrelated , held together by the mathematical reality of physics .
Fundamental theories in physics are supported by multiple lines of evidence from many different scientific disciplines , developed and tested over decades .
Clearly , those who propose new theories that purport to redefine fundamental assumptions or paradigms in physics have their work cut out for them .
Our contention is that the theory of biocentrism , if analysed properly , does not hold up to scrutiny .
It is not the paradigm change that it claims to be .
It is also our view that one can find much meaning , beauty and purpose in a naturalistic view of the universe , without having to resort to mystical notions of reality .
Dr. Vinod Kumar Wadhawanis a Raja Ramanna Fellow at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre , Mumbai and an Associate Editor of the journalPHASE TRANSITIONS .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pope Benedict XVI has defended the Vatican against accusations of indifference towards the Nazis ' annihilation of Europe 's Jews in WWII .
On a landmark visit to Rome 's main synagogue , the Pope said the Vatican helped Jews and " provided assistance , often in a hidden and discreet way " .
The pontiff responded after an Italian Jewish leader spoke of the painful " silence " of wartime Pope Pius XII .
It comes amid Jewish anger at Benedict 's moves to beatify Pius .
The Pope conceded that " unfortunately , many remained indifferent " , to the suffering of the Jews , six million of whom were killed in the Holocaust .
But he said " The Apostolic See [ the Vatican ] itself provided assistance , often in a hidden and discreet way , " without mentioning Pius XII by name .
Benedict is only the second pope to visit Rome 's main synagogue
His remarks came directly after the president of Rome 's Jewish community , Riccardo Pacifici , told him " the silence of Pius XII before the Shoah [ Holocaust ] , still hurts because something should have been done " .
" Maybe it would not have stopped the death trains , but it would have sent a signal , a word of extreme comfort , of human solidarity , towards those brothers of ours transported to the ovens of Auschwitz , " he said .
The visit , Benedict 's third to a Jewish synagogue since becoming pope in 2005 , is seen as a gesture of reconciliation between Catholics and Jews .
Some in the Jewish community , including at least one senior rabbi and a Holocaust survivor , boycotted the event .
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy in Rome says some Jewish leaders have called on the Vatican to open up its secret archives to study the record of Pius XII in closer detail .
That this issue is souring otherwise increasingly healthy relations between the two religions will frustrate many on both sides , but it is an issue that is unlikely to go away whilst Pius ' path to sainthood is under consideration , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by
Over the last couple of years , many of us have had to spend more and more of our hard earned money in order to fill up our car ’s gas tank .
Even if we were smart enough to have purchased a fuel efficient vehicle , we ’re still going to feel a pinch at the pump .
So , how much do you actually spend on fuel each month ?
If you ’re like a majority of the respondents of a recent GasBuddy.com poll , you spend at least $ 101 each month in order to fill up your car .
For most of us , that does n’t seem like a whole heck of a lot , but for people who are just making it by , that ’s a whole lot of money .
I ’m not here for a political commentary , I ’m just saying …
Regardless , here ’s the monthly cost breakdown from GasBuddy ’s poll :
6 % of respondents spend less than $ 50
20 % of respondents spend between $ 51 and $ 100
33 % of respondents spend between $ 101 and $ 200
21 % of respondents spend between $ 201 and $ 300
11 % of respondents spend between $ 301 and $ 400
9 % of respondents spend more than $ 400
It really blows my mind that 20 % of people spend over $ 300 a month to fill up their cars .
I do n’t care who you are , what kind of job you have , whatever , $ 3,600 is a lot of money to blow on gas each year .
Unfortunately , it appears that things will only get worse in the future ( here comes the political commentary ) as we have n’t built a new refinery in this country in the last 30 years .
Considering demand is going going to increase while supply will more than likely remain stagnant , it looks like we ’ve got a pretty good chance of seeing continued increases in gasoline prices .
Reuters
POLITICAL upsets do n't get much more embarrassing than the one delivered by the voters of Massachusetts on January 19th , just in time to ruin Barack Obama 's first anniversary in the White House .
To lose , on a 43 - point swing , a Senate seat that has been in Democratic hands since 1953 takes some doing , even in the teeth of the worst recession since the 1930s ( see article ) .
Nor has it come in isolation ; last November the Democrats managed to lose the governor 's race in supposedly rock - solid New Jersey , as well as the one in Virginia , the state that symbolised the breadth of Mr Obama 's appeal in the 2008 election .
A succession of Democratic senators and representatives have decided to retire rather than face the voters in this year 's mid-terms .
Mr Obama 's popularity has fallen faster than that of any post - war president bar Gerald Ford .
Independents are running from him as fast as their legs will carry them : in Massachusetts they voted Republican by almost three to one .
Mr Obama 's personal intervention there was as ineffectual as his two forays to Copenhagen .
His agenda has been dealt a mighty blow .
So where does he go from here ?
Diagnosing what is going wrong is easier than figuring out how to fix it , because voters ' concerns are contradictory .
Clearly Mr Obama 's health - care proposals are one problem .
Most voters are happy with their health coverage , and are not in a mood to pay more in taxes or see their benefits restricted in order to help out the disadvantaged minority ; and the bill that has now been thrown into confusion ( see article ) , with its many flaws and shady giveaways , is a much harder sell than it should have been .
A bigger problem , connected to the first , is the exploding government deficit , which an expensive health - reform plan only makes worse .
Hence the spectacular rise of the “ tea - party ” movement , an alliance of ordinary people who are spooked by the huge amount of debt that is being racked up on Mr Obama 's watch .
For Democrats to deride such people as “ tea - baggers ” , a term referring to a sexual practice involving testicles , is political stupidity of a high order .
Instead , Mr Obama urgently needs to make deficit - reduction one of the dominant themes of his fightback .
He can do so in his state - of - the - union message on January 27th .
The problem is that the other big theme of his speech will have to be jobs .
Though the economy is technically out of recession , it does not feel that way to a lot of voters .
Unemployment is stuck at 10 % ; and if you add to that the number of people who are working part - time because they cannot get a full - time job , as well as those who have simply given up looking , you reach a figure of around 17 % .
The proportion of long - term unemployed is at its highest since the government started collecting the statistic in 1948 .
The terrible fear is that the recovery will be long , slow and jobless .
The greatest challenge he now faces is explaining how he plans to tackle these problems without inflating the deficit even more than he already has .
Time for a rethink
One thing , though , is clear .
The brief era in which the Democrats felt they could push through anything they wanted , courtesy of their thumping majorities in the House and the Senate and their occupancy of the White House , is over .
Once Scott Brown is seated in the Senate , Mr Obama will lose his supermajority there , so a determined opposition ( which this one certainly seems to be ) will be able to block anything it wants to .
Making deals with the Republicans once again becomes a necessity , not a luxury .
That should not be a disaster ; most presidents have to govern with far fewer than 60 Senate votes .
It is not obvious , though , that the Olympian Mr Obama knows how to do this , despite all his fine words along the campaign trail about “ a new politics ” .
What he now has to understand is that he is in a weak position : he needs the Republicans more than they need him .
To get what he wants , he will have to learn to give them much more of what they want .
For instance , he could now offer the Republicans tort reform and genuine cost - control to bring them on board for a slimmed - down health bill : that might be an offer they could not refuse .
Likewise , any hope of getting a climate - change bill through Congress will probably have to involve more nuclear power .
Bill Clinton grasped all this after the disaster of 1994 , when the Republicans took back Congress ; the result was a stream of good laws that outraged many leftish Democrats , from welfare reform to free - trade deals to deficit - reduction .
Mr Clinton won an easy re-election and his presidency , despite his own best efforts to destroy it , was a pretty successful one .
Mr Obama , who is now faced with the possibility of a similar electoral catastrophe , needs to copy the great triangulator .
The military technology , it turned out , did n’t have much practical application .
But a little Googling on the subject of beetles and acoustics led the two to David Dunn , an avant - garde composer and collector of animal sounds .
Dunn had inserted microphones into the pinyon pines that surround his home in Santa Fe and recorded a CD of the noises they captured .
Amid the gurgling of pine sap and slow flexing of the trees can be heard a stream of chirps : the calls of pinyon engraver beetles .
The recording marked a turning point for Hofstetter .
He and his colleagues had been so focused on finding a chemical deterrent that they had n’t given much thought to exploiting the beetles ’ acoustic abilities .
Yet Dunn had captured what sounded like a complex communication system .
Somewhere in that entomological language , Hofstetter realized , there might be signals that could be used to disrupt the beetles ’ behavior .
McGuire began his search for a sonic weapon by bombarding the bugs with Guns N’ Roses songs and Rush Limbaugh shows in his laboratory .
He later got better results using the aggression calls made by the male insects ( recorded with Dunn ’s help ) together with artificial squawks and bleeps of the same frequency .
When I visited Hofstetter at NAU , the result was booming through speakers around his lab .
The effect it has on the beetles is extraordinary .
Hofstetter told me that he had witnessed a pair mate and then , after the sound was switched on , watched as the male ate the female .
Nothing like it had been seen before .
“ People from all over the building were coming in to look , ” he said .
In one experiment , the team had placed a beetle on a thin slice of pine sandwiched between two clear panes of Plexiglas .
Days before I arrived , the sound had prompted the distraught insect to try to escape by tunneling through the Plexiglas .
I asked McGuire if he still had that experiment set up .
He paused as he handed it over , looking down at the pane : “ Wow .
He got out . ”
In the middle of the Plexiglas was a tiny hole , and no sign of the beetle .
McGuire grinned .
“ We drove him crazy . ”
The team plans to try out a version of this technology in the spring .
Dunn showed me a car - stereo speaker he ’s been testing , which can produce the high - frequency sounds that beetles hear .
He described how he had screwed the speaker into a pinyon pine and listened as the output reverberated up and down the trunk .
The team believes the device can be used to pump McGuire ’s sonic deterrent into vulnerable trees .
Fitting every tree in a forest with a speaker would of course be impossible .
But if the sounds prove disturbing enough to drive beetles out of the trees , or to deter new arrivals from burrowing into the bark , a ribbon of trees equipped with these cheap devices could form a kind of acoustic firebreak .
Enough , perhaps , to protect some of the many millions of acres of still - healthy forests from the advancing beetle armies .
Five new PSP bundles for Japan Sony details four new Value Packs and Monster Hunter Portable bundle
Kath Brice Wednesday 4th November 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment
Sony of Japan has announced five new PSP bundles for the region , all for the PSP 3000 hardware .
Four are ' Value Pack ' bundles which will include the PSP 3000 and accessories - but no game - for JPY 19,800 ( USD 219.50 ) .
The consoles will come in Vibrant Blue , Piano Black , Pearl White and Radiant Red colours .
The fifth is a special Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G bundle , which will include a copy of the 3.5 million plus selling Capcom title and retail for JPY 18,500 ( USD 205 ) .
The bundles will all be released in December .
There 's currently no confirmation of their release outside of Japan .
Democrats are weighing big expansions of Medicare and Medicaid to break an impasse over the public option .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Public option deal takes shape
A potential deal took shape Monday that could eliminate the public option from the Senate health reform bill , as Democrats weighed big expansions of both Medicare and Medicaid in a bid to break an impasse over the government insurance plan .
But negotiators were still struggling to craft a compromise that could satisfy moderates worried about the too - heavy hand of government — and liberals who would be giving up on their cherished goal of a federal health insurance safety net .
Advertisement
After five days of intensive talks among five moderates and five liberals , the outlines of a compromise aimed at appeasing both ends of the Democratic political spectrum were emerging : a plan designed to expand insurance coverage without creating a new government - run program .
Under the compromise , the public option would be removed from the bill and replaced with a new government - administered national insurance plan similar to the Federal Employee Health Benefits Plan , which serves members of Congress and federal workers .
To sweeten the deal for liberals , people 55 and older would be able to “ buy - in ” to Medicare and purchase coverage in the popular government program for the elderly .
Liberal Democrats such as Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Sen. John Rockefeller of West Virginia have been pushing the idea for years .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) told the group they needed to reach a deal by Tuesday night , according to an official briefed on the meeting .
Howard Dean , the former Democratic National Committee chairman , injected the buy - in concept back into the negotiations two weeks ago , according to a Senate aide .
The turning point in the debate occurred over the past few weeks , as some progressives began to question whether the public option had been watered down too much for it to even be effective .
Dean called Reid and Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) to suggest that they revisit the Medicare buy - in proposal , which he pushed during his 2004 campaign , the aide said .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) said the Medicare buy - in “ is the closest proposal thus far that can get the support of 60 senators . ”
“ Nothing ’s final .
Nothing ’s close to final , ” Baucus said , but added : “ This just kind of feels like it ’s getting legs . ”
The negotiating group is also looking to expand Medicaid to cover people with incomes 150 percent above the poverty line , up from 133 percent under the Senate bill , and to impose stronger regulations on private insurers .
The potential compromise was the latest , but perhaps most important , attempt at defusing the highly charged debate over the public option .
The emerging deal signals that progressives within that negotiating group have , at least on some level , conceded that the public option will not win 60 votes .
Reid needs to resolve the issue in the next few days if he expects to pass the health care bill by Christmas .
“ There is push and pull , and we have to find the right balance that satisfies the party as to how much government involvement there should be and how much private - sector involvement there should be , ” Schumer said .
“ That has been the nub of the issue here . ”
Among Senate Democrats , the most stalwart liberals and conservative moderates suggested they were at least open to the compromise but needed to see official cost estimates from the Congressional Budget Office as well as the legislative language .
“ It ’s got some movement , ” said Rockefeller , who has been among the most vocal public option proponents .
Rockefeller said the negotiators are working to get the group ’s signoff by Tuesday to send a package to the CBO .
“ But having said that , I just feel like I ’ve jinxed it , ” he said .
Sen. Mark Pryor ( D - Ark. ) , a moderate who has emerged as a key negotiator in the talks , said , “ There are no insurmountable obstacles .
We continue to resolve outstanding issues .
There are some , but they are resolvable . ”
Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , an undecided moderate , said , “ The discussions are going in the right direction , in moving away from a government - run plan .
To the extent that they continue to go in that direction is obviously very positive . ”
Still , neither side is sold .
Progressive senators reacted more positively to the developments than did activists .
Their reaction to the swap of a public option for a national nonprofit insurance plan might have been best captured by a spokeswoman for one of the major groups pushing for a public plan , who wrote on her personal blog :
“ The latest noncompromise compromise is absolute crap and totally unacceptable . ”
The new proposals raised a number of political uncertainties .
Would stronger insurance regulations alienate Nelson and Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) ?
Would governors balk at the expansion of Medicaid , which they say severely burdens states ?
And how would an expansion of Medicare exacerbate a program that is already headed toward insolvency by 2017 ?
Doctors and hospitals have resisted broadening Medicare and Medicaid because the government reimbursement rates for both programs are lower than private insurance .
“ It ’s got many of the same problems I have with previous versions of the public option , ” said Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , who contends that hospitals in his state would go bankrupt .
“ That then ties you to Medicare levels of reimbursements for a whole new population . ”
Conrad ’s comments drew a sharp rebuke from Rockefeller .
“ I am really very tired of hearing about that from him , ” he said .
“ It is always about North Dakota .
It is never about any other parts of the country .
That is what we are trying to do , the best thing for the country . ”
Sen .
Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) said the group was on the verge of a compromise , possibly by Tuesday afternoon .
“ Will it be something that I like ?
No .
But it ’s not going to be something that the moderates or the conservatives like either ...
It ’s going to be one of those things in the middle that does n’t make everyone happy . ”
The ability of the negotiating to reach a compromise would break the deadlock over the public option , but any agreement would still need sign off from Reid and the White House .
For his part , Brown said the public option is not dead .
“ It ’s not , ” Brown said as he left the negotiation session Monday night .
“ There ’s no agreement on anything . ”
Chris Frates , Patrick O’Connor and Meredith Shiner contributed to this story .
The rumors of the NBA Jam revival from last week has been confirmed true today with the announcement from EA confirming the development of the most influential basketball game ever made .
NBA Jam will be an exclusive for the Nintendo Wii , and all - new features with a fresh new take on the game that will combine the old school with the new .
There are still no details yet but do expect new modes , Wii visuals , characters and what EA PR is calling “ gameplay depth . ”
“ NBA JAM is one of the most recognizable franchises in videogame history , ” said Peter Moore , President , EA SPORTS .
“ Diehard fans of the original game have been asking for a remake for more than a decade .
We ’re very excited to give them their wish this year with the return of this iconic franchise . ”
No price has been mentioned but we do expect the game to be released later this year .
More information can be found on the official site including your chance to vote on the draft .
WHO
Wintersleep , consisting of Loel Campbell ( drums ) , Paul Murphy ( guitar / vocals ) , Tim D’eon ( guitar / keyboards ) , Mike Bigelow ( keyboards / bass guitar ) , and Jon Samuel ( keyboards / backing vocals / guitar ) from Halifax , Nova Scotia
SOUNDS LIKE
Explosions in the Sky , Arkells , Kings of Leon …
REVIEW
Their 3rd album entitled “ Welcome to the Night Sky ” was released in 2007 and I have been listening to it since .
Each song has a catchy melody and some great drum fills , with a hint of electronic influence while Paul Murphy ’s voice is quite unique and pushes each tune to the next level .
The instrumentals remind me of Explosions in the sky , and a more recent Arkells , which does n’t come lightly .
It seems as though the band has come out of their shell and into the spotlight , moving away from the subtle soft rock / acoustic feel of their previous albums .
All in all I definitely recommend this album to all , I would even go as far as to put it in my top 5 albums of all time !
You should expect to here much more from this group with the next album which should be announced any time now , so stay tuned .
SONGS
Wintersleep ’s biggest song so far has to be “ weighty ghost ” , but I warn you , it will get stuck in your head !
http://www.filefreak.com/files/106011_5busp/Wintersleep%20-%20Weighty%20Ghost.mp3
I ’m also including my favourite song from the album entitled “ miasmal smoke and the yellow bellied freaks ” .
It ’s an eight minute song , so if you do n’t want to hear the instrumentals , move through to about the 3 minute point , where it really starts to get good .
http://www.filefreak.com/files/106035_x5qfi/10-wintersleep-miasmal_smoke_and_the_yellow_bellied_freaks.mp3
Last week , we looked at just how Ian White 's play over the first half of this season was going to impact his value as a pending free agent .
In Part 2 , we 're going to try and expand our sample size a little bit .
40 games is n't enough of a sample size to make a clear assessment of a player who 's going to be looking for about $ 3.5 million ; as Cliff Fletcher showed us , it takes about 97 games .
So in Part 2 , let 's go back and look at the numbers from 2008 - 09 , when Ian White embraced the power of the moustache and really started to blossom into a player that 's really worth talking about .
Part II : 2008 - 09 Season
I wo n't go into too much detail explaining the process in this post , because it 's the same process I used in Part 1 .
Also , I should mention that I am aware that Ian White 's statistics from this season are a bit skewed because of Ian White 's brief yet successful stint as a forward during this season .
However , given how White has built on his play from last year and is performing much better this season , I do n't feel that it 's worth the effort of trying to exclude those games and come up with some sort of normalized look at his stats .
So on we go .
Exhibit I : Offesnsive Production
As with Part I , we start the analysis by identifying a list of players who scored within 10 % of White 's points per game ratio for the season .
White scored at a rate of 0.37 points per game last season , which means we are looking at players who scored between 0.33 and 0.41 points per game .
If you look at this list compared to the list we came up with in Part I , you can see that there are n't as many names of players that would be considered top - flight defenceman .
This list is more reflective of No. 3 / No .
4 ( maybe even a few No. 5 ) defenders , which Ian White was for much of last season ( behind Kaberle , Kubina and often Luke Schenn ) .
A similar story still emerges ; more of White 's points come from goals ( only Campoli matches him ) , and some of these guys are only here because they rack up the points on the powerplay ( Hamrlik , Finger , Daley and Michalek are the only ones with less ) .
Exhibit II : Time on Ice
Once again , at this point we 'll only continue with the players who are within 15 % in either direction of White 's average time on ice .
This makes our range from 19:43 to 26:42 .
Player TOI PPTOI PKTOI Braydon Coburn 24.37 2.43 3.50 Stephane Robidas 24.32 3.56 2.32 Drew Doughty 23.49 3.37 2.58 Tobias Enstrom 23.31 3.18 3.23 Fedor Tyutin 23.30 3.47 2.37 Ian White 22.50 2.14 2.23 Zbynek Michalek 22.42 0.39 3.03 Chris Campoli 22.34 4.28 0.21 Michal Roszival 22.30 3.26 2.19 Keith Ballard 22.23 2.20 2.25 Trevor Daley 21.59 1.21 2.47 Roman Hamrlik 21.54 1.33 2.49 Steve Eminger 21.36 2.09 2.28 Matt Carle 21.23 2.19 0.57 Johnny Oduya 20.52 0.54 2.51 Jeff Finger 20.29 0.46 2.27 Craig Rivet 20.14 2.22 2.12 Carlo Colaiacovo 18.15 3.27 0.24
The only player we lose is ol ' Splodeybones .
There 's not really much else to mention here ; because we 're looking at more 2nd and 3rd pairing D in this analysis , there is a much bigger spread in PP time .
White falls somewhere in the middle .
Exhibit III : Defensive Production
As before , in order to account for differences in recording from arena to arena , we expand the acceptable range to 25 % .
Players needed to be within 2 of 82 and 138 hits , 85 and 143 blocked shots , and 40 - 68 giveaways
Player Hits BkS GV Keith Ballard 172 136 71 Chris Campoli 81 86 29 Matt Carle 38 142 56 Braydon Coburn 146 129 59 Trevor Daley 30 98 31 Drew Doughty 90 114 75 Steve Eminger 77 119 28 Tobias Enstrom 29 120 45 Jeff Finger 136 158 55 Roman Hamrlik 104 195 78 Zbynek Michalek 69 271 31 Johnny Oduya 50 127 30 Craig Rivet 57 73 39 Stephane Robidas 221 109 44 Michal Roszival 90 113 32 Fedor Tyutin 103 98 26 Ian White 110 114 54
The bolded numbers are those that fall outside of 25 % .
We can now exclude Ballard , Campoli , Daley , Eminger , Hamrlik , Michalek , Oduya and Rivet .
This time around
White was much more in the middle of the pack in these stats ; he 's 5th overall in hits , and only Ballard , Coburn and Robidas had significantly more .
He 's around the middle in blocked shots , and only Finger , Hamrlik and Michalek ( with an amazing 3 + average shots blocked per game ) had significantly more .
He 's also in the middle of the giveaway list .
I think this speaks to the fact that while most of these guys fall under the second pairing category , we 're seeing a number of different player types here , so some people 's numbers are way different from the mean .
Exhibit IV : Experience and Salary
As I noted before , part of determining a player 's value for a contract is their age and experience .
An older player likely receives a contract of a higher value because of UFA status , while a big portion of a younger players ' contract is going to factor in the potential development of their skills .
So we 'll look at the ages , years of both pro and NHL experience , as well as their contract .
Age Pro NHL Cap Hit Matt Carle 24 4th 4th 3.438 Braydon Coburn 23 4th 4th 1.300 Drew Doughty 19 1st 1st 0.875 Tobias Enstrom 24 2nd 2nd 0.900 Jeff Finger 29 7th 3rd 3.500 Stephane Robidas 31 10th 9th 1.500 Michal Roszival 30 11th 8th 5.000 Fedor Tyutin 25 6th 4th 2.844 Ian White 24 4th 4th 0.850
The numbers here are a little more all over the map than they were in Part I , so I 'll move on pretty quickly .
We can't continue with Doughty as a comparable because he 's a rookie , and his cap number is determined largely by the CBA .
There 's nothing more to be said about Finger 's atrocious contract , but we 'll eliminate him , Robidas and Roszival because they were all Unrestricted Free Agents when they signed these deals .
Carle , Coburn and Tyutin are all pretty comparable in terms of age and experience .
And Enstrom stays because his age , he played a couple of years in Europe before coming over to the NHL , and most importantly he was an RFA in this season , and signed a 4 year , $ 15 M deal in the summer .
Given the objective of this whole thing , that seems relevant .
Part V : Behind the Net
Player Adj. +/- Qcomp Qteam Corsi Ian White 0.92 Enstrom 0.029 Coburn 0.114 Coburn 12.00 Tobias Enstrom 0.90 Tyutin 0.022 Enstrom 0.079 Carle 8.00 Matt Carle ( 0.10 ) Coburn 0.014 Carle 0.023
White 6.20 Fedor Tyutin ( 0.12 ) White 0.007 Tyutin ( 0.023 ) Tyutin 5.50 Braydon Coburn ( 0.26 ) Carle ( 0.009 )
White ( 0.085 ) Enstrom ( 0.80 )
It 's interesting when you go through all this data , and see one or two names that keep cropping up .
Matt Carle was one of the guys we identified as a comparable player in the first part , and if Fedor Tyutin had have had 4 less blocked shots in the first half of the 2009 - 10 season , he'd be here too .
That makes them immensely important when it comes time for Burke 's people and White 's people to do their research for contract negotiations , they 're going to come to the same conclusion that I did .
Those two players represent the best barometer of White 's worth at this stage in their careers , given their age , time in the league , and right down to the fact that all three have made the step up in scoring from 0.4 to 0.5 points per game .
Enstrom and Coburn are really bookends of this study ; Enstrom 's viewed as a more offensively minded defenceman , Coburn 's viewed as a more defensively minded defenceman , their statistics both in this season and in the current one reflect that , and they get paid somewhat accordingly .
Tyutin signed his current deal upon arrival in Columbus from the Rangers .
His annual cap hit is $ 2.844 million , but given that New York did n't really know how to use him / buried him behind Roszival and Redden , it 's understandable that he 's a bit lower on the pay scale .
We talked at length in Part I about how White stacks up against Carle , and just like in that study , white compares pretty favourably this year .
Much like
White 's stats need to be taken with a grain of salt because of the time on forward , the fact that Carle was traded midway through this season , after a disastrous start in Tampa , skews the numbers a little bit .
Conclusion
I think at this point everyone would agree that Ian White is tremendously underpaid , and in line for a significant raise .
But after really looking at what he 's accompished over the past season and a half , it starts to become clear just how underpaid he is .
We identified a number of players who compare pretty well with White , and we saw that of players of a similar age and experience level , they seem to be making in the range of 3 - 4 million a season .
We also found two players who have seemed to mimic
White 's step up in performance from 2008 - 09 to 2009 - 10 .
One of these players , Fedor Tyutin , makes 2.844 million and we could argue that he 's underpaid too .
The other , Matt Carle , makes about 3.4 million , and White performs pretty well compared to him .
I can't speak for White , White 's agents , or Burke .
But I 'm pretty positive that most GMs in the league would look at all the data I just did , and say that White is deserving of a contract worth at least $ 3 M , probably closer to $ 3.5 M .
If Burke came in with an offer for 3 years and $ 10 M , I think that everybody would be pretty happy , and Ian White would remain an important member of the Blue and White for the rest of his mid 20s .
That 's the word from PPP 's poll they 've done this week in Connecticut .
Want to know how far Joe Lieberman has fallen in the wake of the health care vote last month ?
Barack Obama 's approval rating with Connecticut Republicans is higher than Lieberman 's with the state 's Democrats .
81 % of Democrats now disapprove of Lieberman 's job performance with only 14 % approving , and he's not real popular with Republicans who disapprove of him by a 48/39 margin or with independents who do so by a 61/32 spread either .
It all adds up to a 25 % approval rating with 67 % of his constituents giving him bad marks .
CARACAS -- President Hugo Chávez 's decision to devalue Venezuela 's bolivar and impose a complicated new currency regime may paper over some growing cracks in the economy , but it is also setting the stage for bigger problems down the road for the country 's oil - rich nation and its populist leader .
Over the weekend , there were signs that Mr. Chávez 's slashing of the " strong bolivar " currency could create as many problems as it solves in Venezuela 's economy , provoking a wave of anxiety that sent Venezuelans scurrying to spend ...
Eight people suffered burns when an Australia Day bonfire exploded at Ourimbah on the New South Wales central coast .
Police say about 100 people were at the fire in the paddock of a rural property last night at about 8:30 pm ( AEDT ) .
Officers believe a large amount of fuel was poured on the fire , sparking the explosion .
Eight people between the ages of 14 and 20 were treated for burns - three are in a serious condition .
Five of the injured are expected to be treated at the burns unit at Sydney 's Royal North Shore Hospital .
Police are investigating .
US President Barack Obama on Saturday defended a fee he had proposed imposing on the country ’s largest financial firms , saying his administration will not allow Wall Street to “ take the money and run . ”
“ Those who oppose this fee say the banks ca n’t afford to pay back the American people without passing on the costs to their shareholders and customers , ” the president said in his weekly radio address .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But that ’s hard to believe when there are reports that Wall Street is going to hand out more money in bonuses and compensation just this year than the cost of this fee over the next ten years , ” he continued .
“ If the big financial firms can afford massive bonuses , they can afford to pay back the American people . ”
On Thursday , Obama proposed a new fee on risky assets of big financial institutions , saying it would help recoup the cost of a massive bailout of the sector than began in 2008 .
The plan , which requires congressional approval , would raise 90 billion dollars over 10 years and could be kept for 12 years to offset the full 117 billion dollar shortfall now estimated for the so - called TARP program .
The fee will be assessed on the largest banks , excluding community banks and other TARP recipients such as automakers General Motors and Chrysler .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the banking industry said the proposal was aimed at the “ wrong parties ” and could harm the economic recovery .
Obama said such reasoning was unacceptable to him and to the American people .
“ We ’re not going to let Wall Street take the money and run , ’ he said .
“ We ’re going to pass this fee into law .
And I ’m going to continue to work with Congress on common - sense financial reforms to protect people and the economy from the kind of costly and painful crisis we ’ve just been through . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was published to the Web by the White House on Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP
It seems so long agothat we last met ; back when your namewas too hard to spell .
The world beganwith screaming parents , trying to awake youfrom your fantastic slumber ; and ended when playtime was over .
When the doctor 's shots hurtand the candy felt rewarding .
When nap time did n't mean so much ; when all you wantedwas mommy 's tender touch .
Having one - hour quarrelswith your best of friends ;
If only you could consume us again .
You are blinding , but the good kind ; you meant so little then , wanting to grow upshould have been a crime .
We may no longer turn backto see your beauty : you are a golden treasureworth more than anything .
The sad thing is : you do n't exist untilyou 're already gone .
ON JANUARY 12TH the Standard - Times , a small Massachusetts newspaper owned by News Corporation , will begin charging for access to its website , SouthCoastToday .
People who do not subscribe to the paper will have to stump up $ 3.37 a week to continue reading about high - school basketball games and local disputes over windmills .
Even print subscribers will have to pay 39 cents extra a week to see every part of the website .
The publication is small , but the move is significant .
It is an early brick in a wall that can be expected to rise quickly this year .
In the coming months Rupert Murdoch , News Corp 's boss , is expected to make good on his promise to introduce paywalls on the websites of the bigger publications in his stable , such as the Times of London and the Sun .
Last month Axel Springer , a large German publisher , began charging for some of its newspapers .
Variety , a trade publication for Hollywood , has begun demanding money .
The New York Times is pondering a similar move .
Even the Guardian , a British newspaper that has long been an evangelist for free news online , has launched a paid - for iPhone application ( though accessing stories is free once the app has been downloaded ) .
The Economist recently introduced a paywall for the print - edition contents list on its website .
Start paying here
The chief cause of the move towards paywalls is a steep drop in online advertising .
Between the first quarter of 2003 , when the Newspaper Association of America began tracking it , and the second quarter of 2007 , online ad revenue consistently grew by more than 20 % a year .
Then it wobbled , and began to fall sharply .
In the third quarter of 2009 American newspapers earned 17 % less from online advertising than they had done a year earlier .
Online advertising has not dropped nearly as calamitously as , say , classified advertising .
That fell from $ 4.2 billion in the third quarter of 2005 to just $ 1.5 billion in the third quarter of 2009 .
But it was shocking nonetheless .
Newspaper executives had assumed ( or , perhaps more accurately , hoped ) that advertising revenue would gradually migrate from print to the web , together with readers .
The digital - revenue wobble threw that into question .
Worse , newspapers are losing market share online , where advertising is moving away from banners and classifieds and towards search .
Ken Doctor of Outsell , a consultancy , points out that American news publishers took about 20 % of all advertising revenue before the emergence of the commercial internet .
Online , they take no more than 10 - 12 % .
Another reason for the interest in paywalls is that a handful of publishers have made a success of them .
The two most prominent are the Financial Times , which lets web users view just a few articles each month before it asks them for money , and News Corp 's Wall Street Journal , which charges for much business and finance news .
The FT says revenues from digital subscribers rose by more than 30 % last year .
This year the paper expects to generate more from sales of content — including the paper 's print edition — than from advertising .
With the help of its online paid subscribers , the Wall Street Journal was the only big American newspaper to report a gain in circulation last year .
Most of the paywalls that will rise this year are likely to resemble those of the FT or the Journal .
The Standard - Times will emulate both .
Like the FT , the Massachusetts newspaper will let people read up to 10 pieces of local news a month free .
Like the Journal , it will give away some kinds of content that can easily be found elsewhere ( like national news ) but demand money for niche stuff ( like high - school sport statistics ) .
Will these paywalls , however carefully crafted , persuade people to pay for something they are used to getting free ?
A barrage of surveys suggests it will be difficult .
A poll by Harris Interactive for paidContent : UK , a website owned the Guardian , finds that three - quarters of Britons say they would switch to an alternative free news source if their favourite website began charging .
In November 2009 Forrester , a consultancy , found that 80 % of Americans would abandon news websites if they charged .
Plenty of news outlets , from the BBC to CNN , seem likely to continue providing free online news , and there will be plenty of aggregator websites to sift their offerings .
Yet it may be that newspapers will be able to alter perceptions enough to persuade people to dip into their pockets .
At the moment general news is broadly regarded as having no value .
But that perception derives in part from the fact that news is given away .
The very act of charging might help persuade people that they are getting something valuable if — and , given the state of editorial budgets , this is a very big if — news outfits can simultaneously work out how to supply punters with more news , better news , or better - targeted news .
There are plenty of examples of paid content thriving even when free alternatives are available .
There are a great many paid - for newsletters , from the Stockman Grass Farmer to the Gaming Industry Weekly Report .
Punters are happy to pay for multichannel television even though commercial broadcast television is free .
Such alternatives thrive because they offer desirable content .
One considerable advantage to building a paywall is that it forces newspapers to think hard about what their customers ( as opposed to their advertisers ) might really want .
Tags
" When a farmer borrows fifty francs to buy a plow , it is not , in reality , the fifty francs which are lent to him , but the plow ; and when a merchant borrows 20,000 francs to purchase a house , it is not the 20,000 francs which he owes , but the house .
Money only appears for the sake of facilitating the arrangements between the parties . "
In all times , but more especially of late years , attempts have been made to extend wealth by the extension of credit .
I believe it is no exaggeration to say , that since the revolution of February , the Parisian presses have issued more than 10,000 pamphlets , crying up this solution of the social problem .
The only basis , alas , of this solution , is an optical delusion — if , indeed , an optical delusion can be called a basis at all .
The first thing done is to confuse cash with produce , then paper money with cash ; and from these two confusions it is pretended that a reality can be drawn .
It is absolutely necessary in this question to forget money , coin , bills , and the other instruments by means of which productions pass from hand to hand .
Our business is with the productions themselves , which are the real objects of the loan ; for when a farmer borrows fifty francs to buy a plow , it is not , in reality , the fifty francs which are lent to him , but the plow ; and when a merchant borrows 20,000 francs to purchase a house , it is not the 20,000 francs which he owes , but the house .
Money only appears for the sake of facilitating the arrangements between the parties .
Peter may not be disposed to lend his plow , but James may be willing to lend his money .
What does William do in this case ?
He borrows money of James , and with this money he buys the plow of Peter .
But , in point of fact , no one borrows money for the sake of the money itself ; money is only the medium by which to obtain possession of productions .
Now , it is impossible in any country to transmit from one person to another more productions than that country contains .
Whatever may be the amount of cash and of paper which is in circulation , the whole of the borrowers cannot receive more plows , houses , tools , and supplies of raw material , than the lenders altogether can furnish ; for we must take care not to forget that every borrower supposes a lender , and that what is once borrowed implies a loan .
This granted , what advantage is there in institutions of credit ?
It is that they facilitate , between borrowers and lenders , the means of finding and treating with each other ; but it is not in their power to cause an instantaneous increase of the things to be borrowed and lent .
And yet they ought to be able to do so , if the aim of the reformers is to be attained , since they aspire to nothing less than to place plows , houses , tools , and provisions in the hands of all those who desire them .
And how do they intend to effect this ?
By making the state security for the loan .
Let us try and fathom the subject , for it contains something which is seen , and also something which is not seen .
We must endeavor to look at both .
We will suppose that there is but one plow in the world , and that two farmers apply for it .
Peter is the possessor of the only plow which is to be had in France ; John and James wish to borrow it .
John , by his honesty , his property , and good reputation , offers security .
He inspires confidence ; he has credit .
James inspires little or no confidence .
It naturally happens that Peter lends his plow to John .
But now , according to the Socialist plan , the state interferes , and says to Peter , " Lend your plow to James , I will be security for its return , and this security will be better than that of John , for he has no one to be responsible for him but himself ; and I , although it is true that I have nothing , dispose of the fortune of the taxpayers , and it is with their money that , in case of need , I shall pay you the principal and interest . "
Consequently , Peter lends his plow to James : this is what is seen .
And the socialists rub their hands , and say , " See how well our plan has answered .
Thanks to the intervention of the state , poor James has a plow .
He will no longer be obliged to dig the ground ; he is on the road to make a fortune .
It is a good thing for him , and an advantage to the nation as a whole . "
Indeed , it is no such thing ; it is no advantage to the nation , for there is something behind which is not seen .
It is not seen , that the plow is in the hands of James , only because it is not in those of John .
It is not seen , that if James farms instead of digging , John will be reduced to the necessity of digging instead of farming .
That , consequently , what was considered an increase of loan , is nothing but a displacement of loan .
Besides , it is not seen that this displacement implies two acts of deep injustice .
It is an injustice to John , who , after having deserved and obtained credit by his honesty and activity , sees himself robbed of it .
It is an injustice to the taxpayers , who are made to pay a debt which is no concern of theirs .
Will anyone say , that government offers the same facilities to John as it does to James ?
But as there is only one plow to be had , two can not be lent .
The argument always maintains that , thanks to the intervention of the state , more will be borrowed than there are things to be lent ; for the plow represents here the bulk of available capitals .
It is true , I have reduced the operation to the most simple expression of it , but if you submit the most complicated government institutions of credit to the same test , you will be convinced that they can have but one result ; viz. , to displace credit , not to augment it .
In one country , and in a given time , there is only a certain amount of capital available , and all are employed .
In guaranteeing the nonpayers , the state may , indeed , increase the number of borrowers , and thus raise the rate of interest ( always to the prejudice of the taxpayer ) , but it has no power to increase the number of lenders , and the importance of the total of the loans .
There is one conclusion , however , which I would not for the world be suspected of drawing .
I say , that the law ought not to favor , artificially , the power of borrowing , but I do not say that it ought not to restrain them artificially .
If , in our system of mortgage , or in any other , there be obstacles to the diffusion of the application of credit , let them be got rid of ; nothing can be better or more just than this .
But this is all which is consistent with liberty , and it is all that any who are worthy of the name of reformers will ask .
– California NORML Release –
SACRAMENTO , Jan 12 , 2010 .
In a historic vote , the Assembly Public Safety Committee voted 4 - 3 to approve Tom Ammmiano ’s bill to legalize and regulate marijuana , the first time a legislative body has ever voted to repeal MJ prohibition .
The bill does not have time to move forward to the next legislative step , which would involve hearings by the Health Committee , and will therefore likely die at the end of the week , but Ammiano said he would re-introduce a similar bill in an upcoming session .
The bill was supported by NORML , DPA , MPP , Taxpayers for Improving Public Safety , the ACLU , the California Attorneys for Criminal Justice , the S.F. Sheriff , and the AFL - CIO .
Appearing against the bill were a blue phalanx of cops from around the state* , plus leading drug prohibitionists including ex-ONDCP operative Andrea Barthwell , Inland Valley anti-drug activist and legislative candidate Paul Chabot , Bishop Ron Allen of the International Faith - Based Coalition , Carla Lowe , and CNOA lobbyist John Lovell .
Proponents argued that prohibition has failed , and that regulation is needed to quell the chaos of the illegal , criminal market .
Opponents repeated familiar reefer madness themes , bafflingly claiming that the bill would feed into the hands of drug cartels , have a devastating impact on public health and safety , and exacerbate crime and drug abuse .
After a heated discussion that ran well over the allotted time , the bill was moved by Assemblyman Jared Huffman of Marin , a temporary appointee to the committee , who said he did n’t support or use marijuana , but that criminalization had failed , and that he viewed it as a “ preliminary ” bill .
Among the other Aye votes , Nancy Skinner of Berkeley worried about teen abuse , but said there was a clear need to regulate marijuana better , and that it was far better for the legislature to propose a bill than to do so via ballot initiative , which she strongly opposed .
Jerry Hill of San Mateo warned that he would not support the bill in its present form on a floor vote , but was voting for it to keep the discussion going , in particular so there could be hearings in the Health Committee ( it is too late for such hearings on AB 390 , but Health Committee hearings can be expected on a future bill ) .
Warren Furutani of Long Beach voted nay , even though admitting to inhaling in the 60s , saying the bill was premature and he would prefer a bill to establish a study commission .
Republican Danny Gilmore ( Hanford ) , an ex-police officer , voiced an emphatic “ NO , ” complaining that revenue from the bill would go exclusively to treatment and rehab .
Vice - Chair Charles Hagman ( R - Diamond Bar ) , another “ NO , ” said that one day of hearings did n’t do the bill justice , and that the issue needed more discussion .
He complained that Prop 215 had n’t played out the way Californians intended , and that legalization violated federal law .
Ammiano called the day ’s proceedings an important step forward in legitimizing the discussion of marijuana legalization .
He added that there was a good chance Californians might approve the upcoming ballot initiative , in which case there would be a pressing need for the legislature to step in with statewide regulations .
Noting that it had taken six years for other major reforms such as Prop. 63 to be passed , he called the issue “ bigger than California . ”
VIEW THE HEARINGS ONLINE AT : http://www.calchannel.com/channel/viewVideo/929
SEE AMMIANO SPEAK ABOUT THE VOTE AT : http://videos.sacbee.com/vmix_hosted_apps/p/media?id=9223369
* Law enforcement representatives opposed to the bill at the hearings included : the police departments of San Mateo , Red Bluff , Paso Robles , W. Sacramento , Calexico and the Imperial Valley , Huntington Beach , the Los Gatos PD and Santa Clara DA ; the Long Beach , Santa Ana and Los Angeles Co police associations , the San Bernardino Sheriff , the Sacramento Sheriff , the Riverside Sheriff , the El Cerrito PD ( two representatives ) , and the Cal DA Association .
Drug War Chronicle eyewitness report
NYT / AP : Committee Approves Calif .
Pot Legalization Bill
SF Chron : Assembly committee OKs recreational marijuana
LATimes : Assembly committee OKs bill to legalize marijuana
Gather.com : Wow , it is Actually Possible - That California Will Legalize Pot. California Assembly Panel Votes to Legalize Marijuana
CC Times : AB390 Passes Public Safety Committee ; Health Wo n’t Hear It Before Jan. 22 Deadline
Vote at the KCRA Poll
1 Omori , K. & Kotera , J. Overview of PDEs and their regulation .
Circ. Res. 100 , 309–327 ( 2007 ) .
2 Wang , H. , Robinson , H. & Ke , H .
The molecular basis for different recognition of substrates by phosphodiesterase families 4 and 10 .
J. Mol. Biol .
371 , 302–307 ( 2007 ) .
3 Bolger , G. et al .
A family of human phosphodiesterases homologous to the dunce learning and memory gene product of Drosophila melanogaster are potential targets for antidepressant drugs .
Mol. Cell. Biol . 13 , 6558–6571 ( 1993 ) .
4 Jacobitz , S. , McLaughlin , M.M. , Livi , G.P. , Burman , M. & Torphy , T.J. Mapping the functional domains of human recombinant phosphodiesterase 4A : structural requirements for catalytic activity and rolipram binding .
Mol. Pharmacol. 50 , 891–899 ( 1996 ) .
5 Rocque , W.J. et al .
Human recombinant phosphodiesterase 4B2B binds ( R ) - rolipram at a single site with two affinities .
Biochemistry 36 , 14250 –14261 ( 1997 ) .
6 Beard , M.B. et al. UCR1 and UCR2 domains unique to the cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase family form a discrete module via electrostatic interactions .
J. Biol .
Chem . 275 , 10349–10358 ( 2000 ) .
7 MacKenzie , S.J. et al .
Long PDE4 cAMP specific phosphodiesterases are activated by protein kinase A - mediated phosphorylation of a single serine residue in Upstream Conserved Region 1 ( UCR1 ) .
Br. J. Pharmacol .
136 , 421–433 ( 2002 ) .
8 Sette , C. & Conti , M. Phosphorylation and activation of a cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase by the cAMP - dependent protein kinase .
Involvement of serine 54 in the enzyme activation .
J. Biol .
Chem . 271 , 16526–16534 ( 1996 ) .
9 Shakur , Y. , Pryde , J.G. & Houslay , M.D. Engineered deletion of the unique N - terminal domain of the cyclic AMP - specific phosphodiesterase RD1 prevents plasma membrane association and the attainment of enhanced thermostability without altering its sensitivity to inhibition by rolipram .
Biochem .
J. 292 , 677–686 ( 1993 ) .
10 Bolger , G.B. et al .
The unique amino - terminal region of the PDE4D5 cAMP phosphodiesterase isoform confers preferential interaction with beta-arrestins .
J. Biol .
Chem . 278 , 49230–49238 ( 2003 ) .
11 Bolger , G.B. et al .
Scanning peptide array analyses identify overlapping binding sites for the signalling scaffold proteins , beta-arrestin and RACK1 , in cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase PDE4D5 .
Biochem .
J. 398 , 23–36 ( 2006 ) .
12 Lehnart , S.E. et al .
Phosphodiesterase 4D deficiency in the ryanodine - receptor complex promotes heart failure and arrhythmias .
Cell 123 , 25–35 ( 2005 ) .
13 Blokland , A. , Schreiber , R. & Prickaerts , J. Improving memory : a role for phosphodiesterases .
Curr. Pharm .
Des. 12 , 2511 –2523 ( 2006 ) .
14 Houslay , M.D. , Schafer , P. & Zhang , K.Y. Keynote review : phosphodiesterase - 4 as a therapeutic target .
Drug Discov. Today 10 , 1503 –1519 ( 2005 ) .
15 DeMarch , Z. , Giampa , C. , Patassini , S. , Bernardi , G. & Fusco , F.R. Beneficial effects of rolipram in the R6/2 mouse model of Huntington 's disease .
Neurobiol .
Dis. 30 , 375–387 ( 2008 ) .
16 Zhang , H.T. Cyclic AMP - specific phosphodiesterase - 4 as a target for the development of antidepressant drugs .
Curr. Pharm .
Des. 15 , 1688 –1698 ( 2009 ) .
17 Giembycz , M.A. Life after PDE4 : overcoming adverse events with dual - specificity phosphodiesterase inhibitors .
Curr. Opin. Pharmacol. 5 , 238–244 ( 2005 ) .
18 Spina , D. PDE4 inhibitors : current status .
Br. J. Pharmacol . 155 , 308–315 ( 2008 ) .
19 Robichaud , A. et al .
Deletion of phosphodiesterase 4D in mice shortens alpha ( 2 ) - adrenoceptor - mediated anesthesia , a behavioral correlate of emesis .
J. Clin. Invest . 110 , 1045 –1052 ( 2002 ) .
20 Robichaud , A. , Savoie , C. , Stamatiou , P.B. , Tattersall , F.D. & Chan , C.C. PDE4 inhibitors induce emesis in ferrets via a noradrenergic pathway .
Neuropharmacology 40 , 262–269 ( 2001 ) .
21 Aoki , M. et al .
Studies on mechanisms of low emetogenicity of YM976 , a novel phosphodiesterase type 4 inhibitor .
J. Pharmacol .
Exp. Ther. 298 , 1142 –1149 ( 2001 ) .
22 Giembycz , M.A. Development status of second generation PDE4 inhibitors for asthma and COPD : the story so far .
Monaldi Arch . Chest Dis. 57 , 48–64 ( 2002 ) .
23 Conn , P.J. , Christopoulos , A. & Lindsley , C.W. Allosteric modulators of GPCRs : a novel approach for the treatment of CNS disorders .
Nat. Rev. Drug Discov. 8 , 41 –54 ( 2009 ) .
24 Altucci , L. , Leibowitz , M.D. , Ogilvie , K.M. , de Lera , A.R. & Gronemeyer , H. RAR and RXR modulation in cancer and metabolic disease .
Nat. Rev. Drug Discov. 6 , 793–810 ( 2007 ) .
25 Hoffmann , R. , Wilkinson , I.R. , McCallum , J.F. , Engels , P. & Houslay , M.D. cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase HSPDE4D3 mutants which mimic activation and changes in rolipram inhibition triggered by protein kinase A phosphorylation of Ser - 54 : generation of a molecular model .
Biochem .
J. 333 , 139–149 ( 1998 ) .
26 Houslay , M.D. & Adams , D.R. PDE4 cAMP phosphodiesterases : modular enzymes that orchestrate signalling cross-talk , desensitization and compartmentalization .
Biochem .
J. 370 , 1–18 ( 2003 ) .
27 Saldou , N. et al .
Comparison of recombinant human PDE4 isoforms : interaction with substrate and inhibitors .
Cell. Signal. 10 , 427–440 ( 1998 ) .
28 Souness , J.E. & Rao , S. Proposal for pharmacologically distinct conformers of PDE4 cyclic AMP phosphodiesterases .
Cell. Signal. 9 , 227–236 ( 1997 ) .
29 Brideau , C. , Van Staden , C. , Styhler , A. , Rodger , I.W. & Chan , C.C.
The effects of phosphodiesterase type 4 inhibitors on tumour necrosis factor - alpha and leukotriene B4 in a novel human whole blood assay .
Br. J. Pharmacol .
126 , 979–988 ( 1999 ) .
30 Reid , P. Roflumilast Altana Pharma .
Curr. Opin. Investig .
Drugs 3 , 1165 –1170 ( 2002 ) .
31 Lorimer , D. et al .
Gene Composer : database software for protein construct design , codon engineering , and gene synthesis .
BMC Biotechnol . 9 , 36 ( 2009 ) .
32 Raymond , A. et al .
Combined protein construct and synthetic gene engineering for heterologous protein expression and crystallization using Gene Composer .
BMC Biotechnol. 9 , 37 ( 2009 ) .
33 Lim , J. , Pahlke , G. & Conti , M. Activation of the cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase PDE4D3 by phosphorylation .
Identification and function of an inhibitory domain .
J. Biol .
Chem . 274 , 19677–19685 ( 1999 ) .
34 Wang , P. et al .
Expression , purification , and characterization of human cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase ( PDE4 ) subtypes A , B , C , and D. Biochem .
Biophys .
Res. Commun. 234 , 320–324 ( 1997 ) .
35 Xu , R.X. et al .
Crystal structures of the catalytic domain of phosphodiesterase 4B complexed with AMP , 8 - Br - AMP , and rolipram .
J. Mol. Biol . 337 , 355–365 ( 2004 ) .
36 Robichaud , A. , Tattersall , F.D. , Choudhury , I. & Rodger , I.W. Emesis induced by inhibitors of type IV cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase ( PDE IV ) in the ferret .
Neuropharmacology 38 , 289–297 ( 1999 ) .
37 Card , G.L. et al .
Structural basis for the activity of drugs that inhibit phosphodiesterases .
Structure 12 , 2233 –2247 ( 2004 ) .
38 McCahill , A. et al .
In resting COS1 cells a dominant negative approach shows that specific , anchored PDE4 cAMP phosphodiesterase isoforms gate the activation , by basal cyclic AMP production , of AKAP - tethered protein kinase A type II located in the centrosomal region .
Cell. Signal. 17 , 1158 –1173 ( 2005 ) .
39 Chambers , R.J. et al .
A new chemical tool for exploring the role of the PDE4D isozyme in leukocyte function .
Bioorg .
Med. Chem. Lett. 16 , 718–721 ( 2006 ) .
40 Souness , J.E. et al .
Suppression of eosinophil function by RP 73401 , a potent and selective inhibitor of cyclic AMP - specific phosphodiesterase : comparison with rolipram .
Br. J. Pharmacol . 115 , 39 –46 ( 1995 ) .
41 Mihara , T. et al .
Pharmacological characterization of a novel , potent adenosine A1 and A2A receptor dual antagonist , 5 -[ 5- amino-3-(4-fluorophenyl ) pyrazin-2-yl ]-1-isopropylpyridine - 2( 1H ) - one ( ASP5854 ) , in models of Parkinson 's disease and cognition .
J. Pharmacol .
Exp. Ther. 323 , 708–719 ( 2007 ) .
42 Bailey , C.H. , Bartsch , D. & Kandel , E.R. Toward a molecular definition of long - term memory storage .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 93 , 13445–13452 ( 1996 ) .
43 Robichaud , A. et al .
Assessing the emetic potential of PDE4 inhibitors in rats .
Br. J. Pharmacol .
135 , 113–118 ( 2002 ) .
44 Hirose , R. et al .
Correlation between emetic effect of phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitors and their occupation of the high - affinity rolipram binding site in Suncus murinus brain .
Eur. J. Pharmacol . 573 , 93–99 ( 2007 ) .
45 Ueno , S. , Matsuki , N. & Saito , H. Suncus murinus : a new experimental model in emesis research .
Life Sci. 41 , 513–518 ( 1987 ) .
46 MacKenzie , S.J. , Baillie , G.S. , McPhee , I. , Bolger , G.B. & Houslay , M.D. ERK2 mitogen - activated protein kinase binding , phosphorylation , and regulation of the PDE4D cAMP - specific phosphodiesterases .
The involvement of COOH - terminal docking sites and NH2 - terminal UCR regions .
J. Biol .
Chem . 275 , 16609 –16617 ( 2000 ) .
47 Millar , J.K. et al. DISC1 and PDE4B are interacting genetic factors in schizophrenia that regulate cAMP signaling .
Science 310 , 1187 –1191 ( 2005 ) .
48 Verde , I. et al .
Myomegalin is a novel protein of the golgi / centrosome that interacts with a cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase .
J. Biol .
Chem . 276 , 11189–11198 ( 2001 ) .
49 Bolger , G.B. et al .
Attenuation of the activity of the cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase PDE4A5 by interaction with the immunophilin XAP2 .
J. Biol .
Chem . 278 , 33351–33363 ( 2003 ) .
50 Millar , J.K. et al .
Genomic structure and localisation within a linkage hotspot of Disrupted In Schizophrenia 1 , a gene disrupted by a translocation segregating with schizophrenia .
Mol. Psychiatry 6 , 173–178 ( 2001 ) .
51 Murdoch , H. et al .
Isoform - selective susceptibility of DISC1 / phosphodiesterase - 4 complexes to dissociation by elevated intracellular cAMP levels .
J. Neurosci. 27 , 9513–9524 ( 2007 ) .
52 Zhang , J. et al .
Histopathology of vascular injury in Sprague - Dawley rats treated with phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor SCH 351591 or SCH 534385 .
Toxicol .
Pathol. 36 , 827–839 ( 2008 ) .
53 Naganuma , K. et al .
Discovery of selective PDE4B inhibitors .
Bioorg .
Med. Chem. Lett. 19 , 3174–3176 ( 2009 ) .
54 Hersperger , R. , Bray - French , K. , Mazzoni , L. & Muller , T. Palladium - catalyzed cross-coupling reactions for the synthesis of 6 , 8 - disubstituted 1,7 - naphthyridines : a novel class of potent and selective phosphodiesterase type 4D inhibitors .
J. Med. Chem. 43 , 675–682 ( 2000 ) .
55 Singh , J. et al .
Biaryl inhibitors for treating pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders .
PCT / US2008/084193 ( 2008 ) .
56 Deschenes , D. et al. Substituted 8 - arylquinoline phosphodiesterase - 4 inhibitors .
WO 94/22852 ( 2000 ) .
About The Author Tim Wright is the Senior User Experience Designer and Developer at Fresh Tilled Soil , a UX design agency out of Boston , MA .
He is a frequent speaker , blogger , … More about Tim …
What You Need To Know About Behavioral CSS
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
As we move forward with the Web and browsers become capable of rendering more advanced code , we gradually get closer to the goal of universal standards across all platforms and computers .
Not only will we have to spend less time making sure our box model looks right in IE6 , but we create an atmosphere ripe for innovation and free of hacks and heavy front - end scripting .
The Web is an extremely adaptive environment and is surrounded by a collaborative community with a wealth of knowledge to share .
If we collectively want to be able to have rounded corners , we make it happen .
If we want to have multiple background images , we make it happen .
If we want border images , we make that happen , too .
So desire is not the issue .
If it was , we would all still be using tables to lay out our pages and using heavy over - the - top code .
We all know that anything can be done on the Web .
Made for the Web
CSS 3 properties like border - radius , box - shadow , and text - shadow are starting to gain momentum in WebKit ( Safari , Chrome , etc. ) and Gecko ( Firefox ) browsers .
They are already creating more lightweight pages and richer experiences for users , not to mention that they degrade pretty gracefully ; but they are only the tip of the iceberg of what we can do with CSS 3 .
In this article , we will take those properties a step further and explore transformations , transitions , and animations .
We ’ll go over the code itself , available support and some examples to show exactly how these new properties improve not only your designs but the overall user experience .
CSS Transformations
CSS transformations are a W3C oddity .
It is the first time I have sat down to read the full specifications on something and did n’t feel like I had a handle on the subject afterward .
The specs are written with the level of technical jargon you would expect from the W3C , but it focuses on the graphic ( as in graph drawing ) element of transformations and matrices .
Having not dealt with a matrix since freshman - year Calculus , I had to do a lot of good old - fashioned browser testing and guessing and checking for this section .
After going through every tutorial I could find and too many browser tests to count , I came out with some useful information on CSS transformations that I think we can all benefit from .
transform ( ) ;
The transform property allows for the kind of functions also allowed by SVG .
It can be applied to both inline and block - level elements .
It allows us to twist , zoom in on and move elements , all with one line of CSS .
One of the biggest complaints about cutting - edge design is that the text is not selectable .
This is no longer a problem when you use the transform property to manipulate text , because it is pure CSS and so any text within the element remains selectable .
This is a huge advantage of CSS over using an image ( or background image ) .
Some interesting and useful transform functions ( that are supported ) :
rotate .
Rotate allow you to turn an object by passing a degree value through the function .
.
Rotate allow you to turn an object by passing a degree value through the function .
scale .
Scale is a zooming function and can make any element larger .
It takes positive and negative values as well as decimals .
.
Scale is a zooming function and can make any element larger .
It takes positive and negative values as well as decimals .
translate .
Translate essentially repositions an element based on X and Y coordinates .
Let ’s look at each of these in more detail .
Rotate
The transform property has many uses , one of which is to rotate .
Rotation turns an object based on a degree value and can be applied to both inline and block - level elements ,
It makes for a pretty cool effect .
#nav { - webkit - transform : rotate ( - 90deg ) ; - moz - transform : rotate ( - 90deg ) ; filter : progid: DXImageTransform.Microsoft.BasicImage(rotation=3 ) ; }
Please notice that in IE 8 ( when not in standards mode ) it ’s required that you type “ - ms - filter ” instead of just “ filter ” in your CSS .
Support Support for transform : rotate is surprisingly widespread .
In the CSS snippet above , we directly target - webkit - and - moz - and rotate the #nav element by - 90 degrees .
Pretty straightforward , right ?
The only problem is that the rotation is for a pretty important design element , and many designers will be reluctant to use it if Internet Explorer does not recognize it .
Luckily , IE has a filter for this : the image transform filter .
It can take four rotation values : 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 .
You wo n’t get the same fine - grained control that comes with Webkit and Gecko , but your design will remain consistent across older browsers ( even IE6 ) .
Is it okay to use ?
Yes , but make sure it is thoroughly tested .
Scale
Scaling does exactly what you think it would do : zoom in and out on an element .
The scale function takes both width and height values , and those values can be positive , negative or decimals .
Positive values scale up the element , as you would expect , based on the width and height specified .
Negative values do not shrink the element , but rather reverse it ( e.g. text is turned backwards ) and then scaled accordingly .
You can , however , use decimal values lower than 1 ( e.g. .5 ) to shrink or zoom out of an element .
#nav { /*
The nav element width and height will double in size */ - webkit - transform : scale ( 2 ) ; - moz - transform : scale ( 2 ) ; } #nav { /*
The nav element width will double in size , but the height will remain unchanged */ - webkit - transform : scale ( 2 , 1 ) ; - moz - transform : scale ( 2 , 1 ) ; } #nav { /*
The nav element width will double in size and flip horizontally , but the height will remain unchanged */ - webkit - transform : scale ( - 2 , 1 ) ; - moz - transform : scale ( - 2 , 1 ) ; }
Support
The scale transformation is supported in Firefox , Safari and Chrome , but not any version of Internet Explorer ( yet ) as far as I could tell .
Scaling an object is a fairly significant design choice , but it can be applied with progressive enhancement using : hover , which can add a little pop to your navigation especially .
#nav li a :hover { /*
This should make your navigation links zoom slightly on hover */ - webkit - transform : scale ( 1.1 ) ; - moz - transform : scale ( 1.1 ) ; }
Is it okay to use ?
From time to time , yes .
But not with critical design elements .
Translate
The name “ translate ” is a little misleading .
It is actually a method of positioning elements using X and Y values .
It looks much the same as the other kinds of transformation but adds an extra dimension to your website .
#nav{ /*
This will move the #nav element left 10 pixels and down 20 pixels .
*/ - moz-transform : translate ( 10 px , 20px ) ; - webkit- transform : translate ( 10 px , 20 px ) ; }
Support Translate is currently supported in Firefox , Safari and Chrome when you use the vender extensions - moz - and - webkit- .
Is it okay to use ?
Yes , but normal X/Y positioning is just as effective in many situations .
Chaining Transformations
Transformations are great individually , but if you want multiple transformations , the code can pile up pretty quickly , especially with the vendor extensions .
Luckily , we have some built - in shortcuts :
#nav{ - moz - transform : translate ( 10 , 25 ) ; - webkit- transform : translate ( 10 , 25 ) ; - moz- transform : rotate ( 90deg ) ; - webkit-transform : rotate ( 90deg ) ; - moz - transform : scale ( 2 , 1 ) ; - webkit - transform : scale ( 2 , 1 ) ; }
These transformations can be chained together to make your CSS more efficient :
#nav{ - moz - transform : translate ( 10 , 25 ) rotate ( 90deg ) scale ( 2 , 1 ) ; - webkit- transform : translate ( 10 , 25 ) rotate ( 90deg ) scale ( 2 , 1 ) ; }
The real power of these properties is in combining and chaining them .
You can move , turn , zoom in on and manipulate any inline or block - level element without JavaScript .
Once support for these properties becomes widespread , we ’ll be able to build and design even richer and more lightweight interfaces and applications .
Transition
A basic transition refers to a CSS property that define and moves an element from its inactive state ( e.g. dark - blue background ) to its hover or active state ( e.g. light - blue background ) .
Transitions can be coupled with transformations ( and trigger events such as : hover or : focus ) to create a kind of animation .
Fading the background color , sliding a block and spinning an object can all be done with CSS transitions .
#nav a{ background - color : red ; } #nav a :hover , #nav a : focus{ background - color : blue ; /* tell the transition to apply to background - color ( looks like a CSS variable , does n't it ?
# foreshadowing ) */ -webkit-transition-property:background-color ; /* make it 2 seconds long */ - webkit- transition - duration :2s ; }
Support
As cool as the transition property is , support is mostly limited to WebKit browsers .
- moz - transition already works in the latest nightly build of Firefox 3.7 ( so it ’s guaranteed for the future ) .
So it ’s safe to assume that it is right behind WebKit on this .
So you may as well add - moz - transition to your CSS for future enhancements .
And even a version without a vendor extension , just in case .
Is it okay to use ?
For subtle enhancements , yes , but not for dramatic effects .
Animation
Animations are where the real action in CSS 3 is .
You can combine all of the elements we ’ve talked about above with animation properties like animation - duration , animation - name and animation - timing - function to create Flash - like animations with pure CSS .
#rotate { margin : 0 auto ; width : 600 px ; height : 400 px ; /* Ensures we 're in 3 - D space */ - webkit - transform - style : preserve -3d ; /*
Make the whole set of rows use the x-axis spin animation for a duration of 7 seconds , running infinitely and linearly .
*/ -webkit-animation-name : x-spin ; -webkit-animation -duration : 7s ; -webkit-animation-iteration - count : infinite ; - webkit- animation - timing - function : linear ; } /* Defining the animation to be called .
*/ @-webkit - keyframes x-spin { 0 % { - webkit - transform : rotateX ( 0deg ) ; } 50 % { - webkit - transform : rotateX ( 180deg ) ; } 100 % { - webkit - transform : rotateX ( 360deg ) ; } }
All this fantastic CSS animation code and a live example can be found at CSS3 .
info demo .
The demo is viewable in any browser , but the animation works only in the nightly build of WebKit .
It looks just like the video above , but it ’s worth installing WebKit to see it for yourself ( it ’s pretty awesome ) .
SupportThere is , unfortunately , only a limited support for CSS animations yet .
2D CSS animations work in Safari 4 ( Leopard ) , Chrome 3 , Safari Mobile , Shira and other Webkit browsers .
Safari 4 ( Snow Leopard ) supports 3D animations .
Conclusion
Right now , JavaScript bridges the gap until CSS 3 comes into full effect .
Unfortunately , getting full browser support for these great properties will be a long journey .
Until that day comes , we can take advantage of some serious progressive enhancement and rely on JavaScript to enhance our websites and applications .
That ’s not a bad thing ; just how it is at the moment .
With the recent announcement of IE9 , I would n’t be surprised if the IE team include some of these properties in the new version of the browser especially since talks for CSS3 integration have already begun ( border - radius ) .
The future of the Web is bright , especially with these highly experimental properties such as animation .
Although many of the properties are not usable for client or high - level production work , they sure are fun to play with !
We can all look forward to the day when we have support across the board to build some really great lightweight applications .
References And Resources
We express sincere gratitude to Andy Clarke and Hugh Isaacs II for corrections to this article .
I 've used the Nexus One intensively for a few days at CES ; what follows are my impressions from that experience .
We also have a full review of the phone in the works , complete with benchmarks and comparisons with the Motorola DROID .
There was a considerable amount of " what 's the big deal " in the collective online response to Google 's Nexus
One phone announcement , but you would n't know that from the show floor at CES .
Everyone 's talking about it , everyone wants to see it , and when I pull mine out and give a brief demo , I get a small taste of what it must be like to be a real celebrity .
In fact , the Nexus One is easily the most talked - about gadget from a vendor who has no presence at CES , and the mystery and rarity of the device are probably a large part of what have kept people talking .
But does the reality live up to the hype , especially after a few days of heavy use ?
The preliminary answer from this former iPhone and ( probably former )
Pre user is a qualified " sorta . "
Here are my thoughts on the Nexus One review unit that Google provided , in no particular order .
The hardware
I 'm a sucker for the first - gen iPhone .
I still have mine , and I like the way it feels : it 's solid , dense , sturdy , and thin .
It just feels less " cheap " than the iPhone 3G .
This affection for the original iPhone form factor positively disposed me toward the Nexus One , because the new Google phone feels almost the same .
The rounded corners , the metal , the glass touchscreen — it 's as if HTC deliberately set out to resurrect the feel of the first iPhone .
As for the display , the 3.7 inch , 800 x 480 AMOLED screen is probably the device 's biggest selling point .
I 'm not someone who reads much on the phone , mainly because the blogs I read in my spare time tend to have lots of photos , charts , graphs , and other non -text objects embedded in them .
Neither the iPhone nor the Pre really have enough pixels to do this kind of reading justice , but the Nexus One gets considerably closer .
The OLED technology makes the screen a pleasure to use .
My eyes feel more relaxed when I 'm reading on the Nexus One , and it's a significant upgrade from even the best LCD screens in a way that 's hard to quantify .
In fact , I would actually rather read on the Nexus One than on my Macbook Air's LED LCD ; I could even see myself reading long - form content on the phone , and I hope that Amazon brings a Kindle app to it , soon .
Google and HTC included a small bit of haptic feedback in the device , and it really works well .
Whenever you tap certain core interface buttons , the device vibrates slightly , letting you know that you 've tapped something important .
My only criticism of the hardware is that the little glowing pearl at the bottom of the screen seems pointless , but this could be because I 'm not in the habit of using it .
In most apps , it just acts as a scroll wheel , but by habit I use my finger to scroll .
The pearl also glows different colors for different types of notifications , but I have n't bothered to learn what the color code is and I do n't expect that I will .
The battery life on the Nexus One is excellent , so far .
I 've subjected it to a few days of hard use , Tweeting , IMing , e-mailing , doing RSS , surfing , and making a few brief voice calls , and the battery lasts all day .
I have n't done any real benchmarking , but subjectively the battery life seems considerably superior to that of the Palm Pre .
On a final note , I 've gotten very good results from T - Mobile both here in Vegas and in San Francisco .
The only place I 've had connection problems was the Las Vegas Airport ; everywhere else , including on the CES show floor , calls have been clear and webpages have loaded quickly .
Meanwhile , gaming editor Ben Kuchera 's iPhone has been practically unusable .
Dropped calls and a slow 3G connections have given him fits , to the point where he forced me ( at Nerf gunpoint ) to include this comment on wireless service despite the fact that I planned to stick to hardware and software .
A word about Android
The Android 2.1 software is at once my favorite and least favorite part of the Nexus One experience .
On the one hand , I 'm thrilled to once again have access to an app store with more than 500 apps in it — I love downloading and trying new apps , and the 10,000 - app Android Marketplace lets me scratch that itch .
Some of the individual apps are great , too : Seesmic is a solid Twitter client , and Gread works well with Google Reader for RSS , and most of the native Google apps are fantastic ( the calendar is lame , however ) .
But when it comes to fit- and - finish , Apple 's iPhone OS and Palm 's webOS have Android 2.1 beat .
Both Apple 's and Palm's OS have many more nice touches and polished corners than Android , which is still slightly rough around the edges in the UI department .
Android still feels Linux-y to me in places , but I 'm sure that will change as the OS evolves .
Fortunately , apart from the calendar app , there 's nothing that I look at and go " ewwww . "
Aside from general UI polish , my current Pre still has two non-trivial advantages over Android and the iPhone : Synergy and the multitasking paradigm .
The former is something that could probably be ported to Android , at least on an app - by - app basis ( e.g. , a contacts app that combines contacts from all of your services , and an IM app that bundles SMS and IM ) .
The latter , though , presents a deeper problem .
The webOS " card " metaphor is a really great way to do multitasking on a mobile phone , and neither Apple nor Google have anything that matches it .
You can definitely multitask on Android , but if you really want to manage your running apps you have to use third - party process viewers , killing off apps that you do n't want to run .
Criticisms aside , though , the advantages of the Nexus One add up to offer a smartphone experience that 's superior to the Pre and comparable to the iPhone .
To be more specific , if webOS ran on the Nexus One 's hardware , and if Palm 's app store had a few thousand apps , I would n't even consider switching .
As far as the iPhone 3GS is concerned , the Nexus One is more of a very pleasant , viable Apple alternative than an " iPhone killer . "
While Apple need not feel threatened , yet , Palm will really need to shake things up on the hardware and software front to prevent the mobile scene from turning into a two - horse race .
There 's a proof of the Central Limit Theorem which I am very fond of , which is not often seen in textbooks .
It is a sort of renormalisation argument .
In a way , it 's not even a rigorous proof — often the way with renormalisation — but in conjunction with the more classical proofs it lends a powerful insight .
Without loss of generality , let 's consider a whole bunch of identical , univariate variables $ X_n$ , each with zero mean .
Thus we have quite trivially that a sum of $ N$ of them will still have zero expectation , and a variance of $ N $ .
Now , rather than summing all of them at the same time , we do it in steps , and renormalise along the way to see what happens .
So concretely , let $ X$ have a distribution given by $ f$ , which is assumed to be sufficiently well - behaved for whatever we need to do .
Then $ X+X \sim f \star f$ , where the multiplication is a convolution .
This is our coarse - graining step , so we still need to re-scale , so that we get back a univariate distribution : $ $ f^\prime ( x ) = \sqrt 2 ( f \star f ) ( \sqrt 2 x ) . $$ Convolutions are easiest to take in Fourier space : $ $ \widetilde{f^\prime} ( k ) = \ left [ \ tilde{f}(k/\sqrt{2} ) \right ]
^2 . $ $
It is then fairly trivial to check that the univariate Gaussian $ \widetilde{f ^
* }( k ) = e^{ -k^2/\sqrt{2}}$ is a fixed point .
We can view this step as a transform on the space of distributions , and so it makes sense to linearise about this fixed point and look at what happens to small perturbations : \ begin{align * } \ widetilde{f ^*}( k ) + \ widetilde{g_n}(k ) &\rightarrow \widetilde{f
^*}( k ) + 2 \widetilde{g_n}(k/\sqrt{2} ) \ widetilde{f^*}(k/\sqrt{2} ) + \ mathrm{h.o.t.} \\ &= \ widetilde{f ^*}(k ) + \ lambda_n \ widetilde{g_n}(k ) \end{align *}
Which has solutions as $ \widetilde{g_n} ( k ) = ( ik ) ^n \ widetilde{f ^ * }( k ) $ with eigenvalues $ \left|\lambda_n\right| = 2^ {1-n/2} $ ; these correspond to mathematically meaningful perturbations if and only $n$ is an integer greater than 0 , for reasons of convergence and normalisation .
That still leaves $ n=1 $ or $ n=2 $ as being relevant and marginal ; the former correspond to shifting the mean , the latter to changing the variance — and since those are not allowed by assumption , we find that the Gaussian is a stable fixed point .
Notice that this does not say anything about the size of basin of attraction , so if another fixed point existed it could cause finite perturbations to actually flow away .
Indeed , this makes it not quite a proper proof .
On the other hand , this procedure gives the actual rate of convergence to a Gaussian , something that the classical proofs do not give .
The head of Interpol has questioned whether the ongoing scramble by western governments to install body scanners at airports is financially worthwhile and said they are is unlikely to stop terrorists .
Ron Noble , the internation criminal intelligence agency 's secretary - general , said at Davos that if you are a terrorist , " Are you going to carry explosives that are going to be detected ?
No . "
The AP reports he also questioned " the amount of money and resources that go into these machines " .
Gordon Brown told Parliament last week that body scanners would be installed at UK airports this week .
A Department of Transport spokesman today told The Register he was unsure if they had been deployed yet , but noted the week is n't over .
Noble also cast doubt on the usefulness of no - fly lists , another of the UK government 's policy responses to the failed Christmas day airliner bombing over Detroit .
" ( The lists ) are useful but I do n't believe they are the be-all and end - all , " he said , expressing concern about their expansion .
He explained that passport fraud was a major problem , and that the best way to improve airport security was through better intelligence and intelligence sharing .
" Right now in our database we have over 11 million stolen or lost passports , " he said .
" These passports are being used , fraudulently altered and are being given to terrorists , war criminals , drug traffickers , human traffickers . " ®
Österreich Der Fall der einsamen Leiche
Ein kurioser Fall beschäftigt die österreichischen Medien : Der Deutsche Bernd W. starb auf einem Rastplatz nahe Kärnten an einem Herzinfarkt .
Seit sieben Wochen liegt der Tote nun in einer Pathologie in Klagenfurt - die Familie hat einer Überführung nicht zugestimmt .
Was tun ?
In 2003 , the ACLU filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request for records relating to the abuse and torture of prisoners in U.S. detention centers overseas .
Since then , the government has released more than 100,000 pages .
These documents show both that hundreds of prisoners were tortured in the custody of the CIA and Department of Defense , and that the torture policies were devised and developed at the highest levels of the Bush administration .
Click here to see the documents released from this FOIA lawsuit .
This post is my analysis of publicly information available on the attack against Google .
I think that Google linked to my blog and the GhostNet report because of similarities in methods , not because the two cases are linked .
This post combines my analysis of Google ’s statement , media report and my experience with other attacks — that does n’t mean that this is exactly what happened in the attack on Google .
There ’s been a lot of chatter about how Google and 30 + other companies were compromised .
Adobe has issued a statement saying that they too were compromised they still wo n’t say if attacks are in fact linked .
Yahoo !
stated that they were “ aligned with Google ” and it is now being reported that Yahoo ! was among the other unnamed victims in the attack .
The timing of the compromise is interesting because it coincides with a 0day vulnerability in Adobe Reader .
It has been suggested that this was the attack vector .
The coincidence is interesting and I think that this claim is fairly credible .
UPDATE : McAfee reports that the compromise was an Internet Explorer 0day :
Our investigation has shown that Internet Explorer is vulnerable on all of Microsoft ’s most recent operating system releases , including Windows 7 .
Still , so far the attacks we ’ve seen using this vector have been focused on Internet Explorer 6 .
Microsoft has been working with us on this matter and we thank them for their collaboration .
While we have identified the Internet Explorer vulnerability as one of the vectors of attack in this incident , many of these targeted attacks often involve a cocktail of zero - day vulnerabilities combined with sophisticated social engineering scenarios .
So there very well may be other attack vectors that are not known to us at this time .
That said , contrary to some reports our findings to date have not shown a vulnerability in Adobe Reader being a factor in these attacks .
i Defense has stated that they were able to investigate these attack since some of their customers were also hit :
IDefense was called in to help some of the victim companies that Google had uncovered .
According to Jellenc , the hackers sent targeted e-mail messages to victims that contained a malicious attachment containing what ’s known as a zero - day attack .
These attacks are typically not detected by antivirus vendors because they exploit a previously unknown software bug .
“ There is an attack exploiting a zero - day vulnerability in one of the major document types , ” Jellenc said .
“ They infect whichever users they can , and leverage any contact information or any access information on the victim ’s computer to misrepresent themselves as that victim . ”
The goal is to “ infect someone with administrative access to the systems that hold the intellectual property that they ’re trying to obtain , ” he added .
The attack vector is very similar to GhostNet , but , it is a very common form of attack .
Mikko Hypponen ( who is awesome ) told the BBC :
“ This was n’t in my opinion ground - breaking as an attack .
We see this fairly regularly .
said Mikko Hypponen , of security firm F - Secure .
“ Most companies just never go public , ” he added .
“ Human - rights activists are the biggest target , ” said Mr Hypponen .
“ Everyone from Freedom for Tibet to Falun Gong supporters and those involved in Liberation of Taiwan are hit . ”
I tend to agree .
It is not the method of attack that is the story here , its the high profile of the victims and public disclosure by Google as well as Google decision to challenge China ’s censorship that have made it so interesting .
Really , we investigate these kind of attacks ( usually on human rights activists ) all the time .
In short , a user receives an email , possibly appearing to be from someone that they know who is a real person within his / her organization , with some text — sometimes specific , sometimes generic — that urges the user to open an attachment ( or visit a web site ) usually a PDF or Word Document ( but other document types are also common ) .
If the user open that attachment with a vulnerable version of Adobe Reader or Microsoft Office their computer will be compromised .
The antivirus detection for these documents is usually relatively low and if the exploit is a 0day — an exploit for which there is no fox form the vendor available — the chances of compromise are very good .
After the user ’s computer is compromised it “ checks in ” with a command and control server ( C&C ) .
These days it is most common for this check in to be an HTTP connection — it often looks like just another visit to a website — in which the compromised computer sends some information , usually an IP address and operating system etc… — and receives a command which it then executes .
From there the attacker has full control of the system .
The attacker can steal documents , email etc … force the compromised computer to download additional malware and use your infected computer as a mechanism to exploit your contacts or other computers on your network .
One of the things I like to track closely is the network infrastructure of the attackers — the location of their command and control servers as well as the mechanism of communication and other properties of the malware that allows for seemingly disparate attacks to be linked together .
There has been some information published about the command and control servers used in the Google attack .
James Mulvenon , who really knows his stuff , stated that the C&C ’s were in Taiwan , the drop site for stolen stuff was on a US IP :
The attacks appear to have been launched from at least six Internet addresses located in Taiwan , which is a common strategy used by Chinese hackers to mask their origin , said James Mulvenon , director of the Center for Intelligence Research and Analysis at Defense Group Inc. a national - security firm .
They also hijacked the Internet address of a San Antonio - based firm , Rackspace , which is one of the largest Internet - hosting companies in the U.S.
They siphoned off the stolen data from Google and other companies to the San Antonio site before sending it overseas , Mr. Mulvenon said .
A Rackspace official said , “ A server at Rackspace was compromised , disabled , and we actively assisted in the investigation of the cyber attack , fully cooperating with all affected parties . ”
In addition , a dynamic DNS service was reportedly used :
i Defense obtained samples of the malicious code used in the July attack and the more recent one and found that although the malware was different in the two attacks , the programs both communicated with similar command - and - control servers .
The servers each used the HomeLinux DynamicDNS to change their IP address , and both currently pointed to IP addresses belonging to a subset of addresses owned by Linode , a US - based company that offers Virtual Private Server hosting .
“ The IP addresses in question are . . . six IP addresses apart from each other , ” iDefense said in its statement .
“ Considering this proximity , it is possible that the two attacks are one and the same , and that the organizations targeted in the [ recent ] Silicon Valley attacks have been compromised since July . ”
UPDATE : Apparently one of the pieces of malware used was the Hydraq Trojan .
And what did the attackers steal ?
Google stated that there was “ theft of intellectual property ” , some suggest that the attackers stole source code :
But according to iDefense , whose customers include some of the 33 companies that were hacked , the attacks were well targeted and “ unusually sophisticated ” and aimed at grabbing source code from several hi-tech companies based in Silicon Valley as well as financial institutions and defense contractors .
However , Google stated that the ” primary goal of the attackers was accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists ” and that the attack was partially successful :
Only two Gmail accounts appear to have been accessed , and that activity was limited to account information ( such as the date the account was created ) and subject line , rather than the content of emails themselves .
Others state that Google ’s internal intercept systems were attacked :
That ’s because they apparently were able to access a system used to help Google comply with search warrants by providing data on Google users , said a source familiar with the situation , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak with the press .
“ Right before Christmas , it was , ‘ Holy s*** , this malware is accessing the internal intercept [ systems ] , ' ” he said .
Now some people have come forward , a Tibetan activist for example , saying that their email accounts had been breached .
Who is behind the attacks ?
Google did n’t really say who was behind the attacks .
iDefense , who may be overreaching here , stated that it was the “ Chinese state ” :
“ We confirmed with some clients and partners of ours in the defense contracting community that the IP addresses used to launch the attacks are known to be associated with previous attacks from groups that are either directly employed agents of the Chinese state or amateur hackers that are proxies for them that have attacked other U.S. companies in the past . ”
In fact , attribution in these sorts of attacks is very difficult .
Often people rely on the geolocation of an IP address — that ’s not good enough .
In these case the C&C ’s were apparently in Taiwan and the drop site in the US .
What does that tell us ?
Through piecing together seemingly disparate bits of information over time it is possible to make an educated guess .
What makes the process difficult and tenuous is that the attackers might be quite different persons from those to ultimately exploit the data the attackers gather .
It is the interpretation of the political dimensions of the attack that lead to a determination of who might ultimately have benefited the most form the attack , not technical evidence .
Therefore there is room for a lot of uncertainty .
Pantelis Nigdelis and Asterios Lioutas presented a couple of years ago , a very interesting research entitled “ First of the Hellenes in the Province - a new inscription from Mygdonia ” focused on an inscription coming from the region of Mygdonia .
As the archaeologists noted , the Inscription was found specifically in the Palaiokastron hill archaeological site , which is approximately one kilometre northwest of the village of Mavrouda in the Langada district of the Prefecture of Thessaloniki , and it came to light in May 2001 .
The Bust from Mygdonia
The inscription is found on a bust of a male figure , worked in coarse - grained marble and standing on a small base .
The dating of the bust to the second quarter of the third century is based on comparisons with similar works from workshops in Thessaloniki .
The text on the Inscription ( See next Image ) says :
Bust Detail
According to this text the bust was erected in honour of one [ Ae ? ] lius Nicopolianus by his slave Zosimus , who was a π ρα γ ματε υτή ς .
In Macedonia , stewards ( πραγματευταί ) and overseers ( οἰκονόμοι ) are attested as a rule in inscriptions in lowland districts , such as Philippi , Langada , Thessaloniki , Pella , Pydna , Heraclea Lyncestis , and Pelagonia , and were usually slaves or freedmen .
The aforementioned [ Ae ? ] lius Nicopolianus , was probably a Macedonian , scion of a Greek family that had likely acquired Roman citizenship ( civitas Romana ) during the reign of Hadrian or the Antonines .
It is well - known that during the reign of Hadrian , Thessalonike was a member of the Panhellenion .
In brief , Hadrian created the Panhellenion , a federation consisting of Greeks which gave equal representation to all Greek cities and thereafter played a conspicuous part in the history of Roman Greece .
In the Panhellenion Leaque which started about 131 AD , a city could take part ONLY if the city could prove her “ greekness ” .
This “ greekness ” should be as cultural as much as ancestral .
From other inscriptions being found , we are aware that certain city members who proved their “ greekness ” among others were Athens , Megara , Sparta , Chalcis , Argos , Epidaurus , Amphicleia , Corinth and of course Thessalonica .
It is not coincidence that a distinguished Macedonian of the city served as Άρχων των Πανελλήν ων ( “ Archon οf the Pan - Hellenes ” ) during 205-208 A.D .
What should be of great significance here is the phrase πρῶτο ς
Ἑλλήνων τῆ ς ἐπαρχείο υ ( “ First of the Hellenes in the Province ” ) .
The Greek archaeologists clarify that the word ἐπάρχειο ς here is attested for the first time in a Macedonian inscription , is used in place of the more common ἐπαρχεία ; it occurs in several inscriptions of the imperial age in various Greek - speaking regions .
The word σ ύνεδρο ς signifies that he represented his Koinon of the Macedonians meeting in Beroea .
To assuming of course that he Koinon of the Macedonians meeting in Beroea .
To judge from the information we have , he must have been the leading delegate from the district , assuming of course that he did indeed come from there and was not simply a wealthy Macedonian who had acquired property in the area .
The honorific title πρῶτο ς Ἑλλήνων τῆ ς ἐπαρχείου , a title also found in different variations among inscriptions elsewhere , like in Asia Minor , reveals the expression of strong faith in their own Greek Identity among Macedonians .
Related posts :
These pictures are in need of captions .
I ’m sure someone can take care of that …
( Thanks to Hillary for the links ! )
A day after releasing an out - of - band security bulletin for a vulnerability in Internet Explorer notably exploited in the recent series of Chinese - based attacks against Google and 30 other tech companies , new flaws have been discovered in Microsoft 's browser .
Boston - based research firm Core Security Technologies has outlined a set of vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer that hackers can link together to remotely exploit a Windows PC .
None of the vulnerabilities are serious enough to compromise a machine alone , but a hacker could take control of a PC by exploiting all of them at once .
" There are three or four ways to conduct this type of attack , " Jorge Luis Alvarez Medina , a security consultant with Core , told Reuters , though he admitted he was uncertain whether any hackers had already exploited his findings .
" Microsoft is investigating a responsibly disclosed vulnerability in Internet Explorer , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" We 're currently unaware of any attacks trying to use the vulnerability or of customer impact , and believe customers are at reduced risk due to responsible disclosure . "
After the investigation , Microsoft will either provide a security update on Patch Tuesday , or an out - of - cycle update like it did with the last IE flaw ( less likely in this case ) .
The Microsoft spokesperson took the opportunity to make the now - familiar recommendations that IE users upgrade to Internet Explorer 8 and to enable Automatic Updates .
Medina plans to demonstrate the IE vulnerabilities at the Black Hat security conference in Washington , which begins February 2 , but until then he will work with Microsoft to find a way to mitigate the risk .
Still , he believes that other related vulnerabilities will crop up even after fixes are found to the ones he unearthed .
Posted : 12:33 PM ET
Artwork by Mike Mitchell
Conan O'Brien issued a statement Tuesday criticizing NBC 's decision to move his show back to 12:05 a.m. ET .
The move , which will free up the 11:35 time slot for a half hour of Jay Leno , is seen as a slap in the face to O'Brien who took the reins of " The Tonight Show " just seven months ago , and his fans are responding online .
Earlier this week , O'Brien joked he may be performing " the show live every night from Zanies Comedy Club " where the audience would receive 1 / 2 price drinks if " you tell 'em " Coco " sent ya ! "
The sketch became a hit and spawned the Internet meme " I 'm with Coco . "
Pro-Conan artwork by Mike Mitchell is appearing on personal blogs and social news aggregators like Digg .
# teamconan is topping Twitter 's trending topics .
Woot.com has incorporated Conan 's image into its ads .
And the Reddit alien has been given Conan 's signature gravity - defying haircut .
O'Brien can probably thank his younger audience and their proficiency with social media for his vocal online support , but Jay Leno reached a larger audience when he hosted " The Tonight Show . "
Where do your loyalties lie ?
Are you a die - hard Leno fan , or does NBC 's decision to move " The Tonight Show " have you shouting " I'm with Coco ! "
Posted by : Wes Finley - Price -- CNN.com Webmaster
Filed under : Digg 
Internet  online news  pop culture
Favorite Answer
Visine is a vasoconstrictor .
It is not designed to make you vomit , it is designed to make blood vessels smaller .
Oral ingestion of Visine is dangerous because it can lead to all sorts of complications , the least of which is vomiting .
Because of that , we can't give you an exact answer .
You would probably have been better off using Syrup of Ipecac , which is a readily available emetic , or even mustard dissolved in water would have worked ( 1 teaspoon of mustard in one glass of water ) .
The good old fashioned fingers - down - the - throat trick is , however , a very effective emetic as it directly stimulates the vagus nerve and leads very quickly to emesis .
Of course regular throwing up is not good for your oesophagus as it will get burned by the acid reflux .
Isa Dick Hackett , daughter of the paranoid science fiction genius Philip K Dick , is n’t happy about the new Googlephone .
The still unofficial handset may or may not be called the Nexus One , but Isa is already “ shocked and dismayed ” about intellectual property infringement , according to the New York Times : Roy Baty and his replicant cohorts in Dock ’s novella Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep were all Nexus - 6 models .
This is utter nonsense , of course , but the fact that PKD ’s daughter is taking legal counsel about the naming of a still non-existent product certainly has a fitting irony .
The word “ nexus ” existed before the Voight - Kampff test was even imagined .
Here is the definition from the New Oxford American dictionary : “ a connection or series of connections linking two or more things . ”
The origin of the word the 17th century .
It is also a Dark Horse comic book .
We would n’t be surprised if Hackett did actually manage to make a case , though , and further leech money from her father ’s legacy .
Motorola licensed the name “ droid ” from Lucasfilm to avoid legal troubles , although in that case the shortening of the word “ android ” could actually originate in Star Wars .
Hackett is rather more sure of things than her father ever was .
“ In my mind , there is a very obvious connection to my father ’s novel ” she told the New York Times .
What can we take away from this ?
First , clearly , that copyright lengths should be reduced ( PKD died in 1982 , 27 years ago ) .
And second , that the Googlephone will almost certainly be called the Nexus One .
The name has been used by Google in a United States Patent and Trademark Office filing , and by the handset ’s manufacturer , HTC , in an FCC filing .
For those seeking some Dickian fun , go back to our original post about the Google Nexus and spot the PKD reference we dropped in .
Is the Google Phone an Unauthorized Replicant ? [ NYT ]
Electric
Sheep photo : zymil / Flickr
See Also :
Visits since
9/21/06 :
The Bone Man Problem
The Bone Man Problem is an intriguing and aggravating and wonderful and awful problem posed by Clifford Pickover in his book , The Mathematics of Oz , Mental Gymnastics from Beyond the Edge , Cambridge University Press , 2002 .
You can find more information about his book here .
Here is the problem statement :
Dorothy and Dr. Oz peer into a deep hole in the ground .
The bone man comes closer and opens and closes his mouth spasmodically .
" In the pit , " he says , " are 10,000 leg bones .
I have cracked each bone at random into two pieces by throwing them against a rock .
What do you think is the average ratio of the length of the long piece to the length of the short piece for each time I crack a bone ?
You can reason from a purely theoretical standpoint .
If you cannot find the solution within two days , I will add your leg bone to the pit . "
This question is not an easy one to solve , and many intelligent people approach it from many different angles .
Debates rage over its interpretation and its answer .
The main thing to keep in mind is that you are not trying to determine the average ratio of the long bone to the short bone .
That is obviously unknowable without measuring the bones yourself .
The Bone Man is essentially asking " what is the most likely average ratio of this pile of 10,000 bones . "
In other words , what average ratio should you tell him such that you have the best chance of not losing your leg ?
After some work , however , I believe that I have solved the problem , assuming that " average " indicates " mean " and assuming that the Bone Man will tell you to what accuracy he can measure the bones .
Unfortunately , the analysis entails many equations and graphs that would be a hassle to put on my web page here , so I wrote up a Microsoft Word document that happens to be over 20 pages long .
The gist of it is that the answer depends on the accuracy at which the Bone Man can measure the lengths of the bones .
Here is a brief report of the answer , but if you want an explanation , click on one of the two links below .
Being posted overseas in the military without the companionship of friends or family is hard enough , but being separated from entertainment makes things even harder .
After letters written to the RIAA , MPAA and media outlets fell on deaf ears , an insider at a US base has revealed that a campaign is underway to download as much as possible .
Campaigns about copyright infringement , particularly those relating to online file - sharing mechanisms such as BitTorrent , are nothing new .
They have , however , escalated in recent years and now regularly appear in the mainstream press , even penetrating our schools .
An insider at a US base in Japan has been in touch with TorrentFreak to tell us of a new initiative underway which is being operated by the Department of Defense .
The campaign is running in overseas bases and is targeting members of the military currently using BitTorrent and other P2P software to obtain media .
While millions of regular US citizens also use file - sharing to acquire tv shows , movies and music , we ’re told that military personnel overseas have a unique problem – their physical location excludes them from obtaining media from US - based services .
“ For years many of us have spent time and money , hand over fist , looking for ways to work around IP blocks placed by companies operating from the states to access services such as NetFlix , Amazon , and others , to enjoy the same level of access as anyone living in the US does , ” the insider told TorrentFreak .
“ We have offered money to the companies in exchange for lifting the blocks and have offered up information as to how to allow military members into their content while strictly enforcing the contract , ” he added .
However , the pleas to the various media companies appear to have fallen on deaf ears .
Our contact believes that the content providers must have no interest in the business available from overseas military personnel , as they continue to block them from accessing content legitimately .
In a response to this inaction , we ’re told that US military personnel have stepped up their campaign to download as much content as they can using BitTorrent .
“ We have sent letters to the RIAA and the MPAA repeatedly letting them know that our downloads are a direct representation of their failure to allow us to be good consumers as others in the US can be , ” our military insider explained .
Of course , the response from these groups has been predictable .
On a daily basis , the MPAA and RIAA send copyright notices to military personnel via their base ISPs .
In turn , the personnel are threatened with account suspension and in serious cases , disconnection .
“ Sucks , but all of us have kept doing it [ file - sharing ] as we have made every reasonable attempt to gain access to the content legally as any person living on US sovereign ground can , ” says our clearly frustrated contact .
While there is an apparent crackdown on online file - sharing , there is an interesting footnote to this story .
TorrentFreak is informed that when personnel are deployed , they have access to sanctioned “ Morale ” hard drives which are allegedly filled with copyright materials acquired by “ nefarious ” means , and available for anyone to download and keep .
I recently headed over to the Web site for Just Detention International ( formerly Stop Prison Rape ) in order to learn more about this sad study reporting high rates of sexual assaults against juvenile detainees in the U.S.
( Short version : one - in - eight detained youth report being sexually assaulted within their facility within the past year ; 80 percent of these victims were abused by a member of the facility ’s staff ) .
The numbers make JDI ’s current ad campaign , which attempts to raise awareness about sexual abuse within our prison system , even more striking .
Consider the rape victim above .
Then , consider her after a change of clothes :
JDI ’s campaign comes in three flavors .
The first is aimed at addressing rape in detention facilities .
The second is aimed at promoting the sexual health of detainees :
And the third is simply aimed at preventing jokes about prison rape :
I love this public - awareness campaign .
I think the before - and - after effect is really on point in revealing how our society completely dehumanizes detainees by condoning their sexual assaults .
However , I ’m afraid that I ’m a bit jaded about the expectations of the “ before ” part of the campaign .
Unfortunately , I know that there are people out there who would look on as a woman is brutally raped .
There are people out there who would refuse to allow their tax dollars to go toward basic HIV prevention .
And there are people who would joke about a man being raped .
( That last attitude is particularly widespread ) .
If anything , this campaign shows that it ’s time to address our attitudes that minimize the sexual assaults of detainees — - and those which minimize the experiences of all other victims , too .
On February 17 , at Dulles International Airport outside of Washington , DC , a young Nigerian terrorist named Farouk Abdul al Faisal attempted to board United Airlines flight 1497 to Stuttgart , Germany .
He had eluded detection by the FBI , and was not on the Terrorist Watch List .
He seemed to have succeeded in his aims .
Al Faisal had not counted on an alert TSA employee , as none had been encountered before .
TSA agent Michael Trabinney noticed that Faruouk ’s cheeks were puffed out strangely .
He pulled the young African aside for further screening and discovered in his mouth a condom filled with black powder and a detonator .
Trabinney sounded the alarm and Farouk was arrested .
The Department of Homeland Security immediately closed the airport for three days , saying that , since the terrorist was in custody and posed no further threat , extreme measures were necessary .
Travel snarled around the world as flights were diverted or canceled .
Janet Napolitano , the chief of DHS , said in a press conference that the event showed the lengths to which enemies of our freedoms will go .
In order to keep Americans safe , the Department will initiate mouth exams on all boarding passengers .
Henceforth no condoms will be allowed on board . 
Nekkid In Austin : Drop ... Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 14.95 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
A contract for three billion dollars was issued to buy latex detectors , and an additional agent was added at each security gate in the nation , at a salary of sixty thousand dollars a year .
They told barefoot passengers to  Say ah . 
President Obama , according to some being worried about seeming soft on national security , announced that he would talk with his counterparts in other countries about requiring oral exams , and would fund research into automated ah - scanners .
Manufacturers of dental equipment received development contracts totaling $ 1.2 billion .
The new measures went relatively smoothly , though there were isolated glitches .
A woman with a broken jaw wired shut was pulled out of line , interrogated for hours , and arrested for refusing to answer questions except to say  Ummm , ummm . 
A TSA agent at Houston International , hired under federal affirmative - action guidelines , confiscated a latex glove , saying that it looked like a multiple - use condom and you never could be too careful with terrorists .
Following the implementation of the new measures , airline traffic fell five percent .
Then in early June a fifteen - year - old kid in Dubuque posted , to an Egyptian website , under the name of Sheik Wasabi , a disturbing story .
While in Cairo , said  Sheik Wasabi ,  he had met a radical Islamic plastic surgeon who was fitting female martyrs with explosive breast — implants .
The teenager then forgot about his post , having received a new X Box .
However , some thirty people saw the post and called the FBI , which ignored them .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
Finally Maxwell Bjorn , president of the instrument - manufacturer Artful Devices Inc. , called Janet Napolitano directly .
He had done the calculations , he said .
A D-cup could unquestionably bring down an airliner .
The only way to protect our democracy , he said , would be either to install automated palpators , or use x-rays .
Fortunately for America his firm happened to have suitable designs , at $ 2.2 million each .
Napolitano chose x-rays , reasoning that while ugly women might prefer palpation , others would find it invasive .
The American Medical Association prepared a brief arguing that the radiation would raise cancer rates , particularly in frequent fliers .
The surgeons in the membership scotched the brief , viewing it as being in restraint of trade .
Napolitano defended the new machines on national television , telling the country that , cancer rates would go up slightly , but freedom is n’t free .
It has a price .
Throughout the history of our great nation , patriots have given their lives to defend our way of life .
We too must be willing to bear the burden .
She then flew to an appointment in a private Citation .
Passenger traffic fell fifteen percent .
Napolitano said that this was a good thing , as it gives our enemies fewer targets .
We must make it as difficult as possible to attack our freedoms . 
For a while , terror seemed to have been defeated .
Distant events changed the situation drastically .
In Afghanistan , the CIA ran drone strikes against Moslems from a remote and secret base in rural Helmand .
Day after day the Predators took off to blow up villages that might or might not harbor a terrorist , thus protecting our freedoms .
The base employed a young Afghan driver , Abdul al Hafetz .
For reasons of security Abdul was always patted down carefully when he came on base , though he had worked for the Agency for over a year .
A Brass Pole in Bangko ...
Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 3.94 Buy New $ 18.80 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
On the fourth of October , a month since his sister had been killed by a drone strike on her wedding day , Abdul drove up to the gate of the base .
He was patted down .
As always , nothing untoward was found .
He walked into the main building and blew up in a shattering explosion that left thirteen drone operators dead .
None of the Americans in Afghanistan could think of a reason for this senseless act of carnage .
The depth of Islamic hatred of our freedoms was simply incomprehensible .
Goldstein Troy J. Grice Best Price : $ 2.80 Buy New $ 13.23 ( as of 02:30 EST - Details )
Investigators wanted to know how he had smuggled the explosives into the compound .
There was not enough left of Abdul to answer the question .
The blast had been powerful .
The volume of explosive necessary would have been far to great to have slipped past a careful pat - down .
The possibility was considered that a drone - operator had mistaken the compound for a birthday celebration and attacked it .
This did n’t make sense , though , because the roof had clearly blown upward .
The detonation had come from within .
The true explanation was chilling .
In what was thought to be an al Quaeda safe house in Kabul , there was found a manual explaining the mystery .
An extremist who hated our democracy could swallow a dozen balloons containing in aggregate over three kilograms of pentaerythryitol tetranitrate , or PETN .
A detonator built into a watch would cause it to explode .
In a sense , the new technique should have been expected .
Drug smugglers had long used the same means to get drugs past customs .
Janet Napolitano rose to the occasion .
She called a press conference and said ,  these are difficult times and al Quaeda ’s continuing assault on our way of life makes sacrifices necessary .
Starting today , all passengers will have their stomachs pumped prior to boarding .
This will include pilots and cabin crew .
We can not let our democracy be destroyed by extremists .
Twenty - seven airliners that had flown to Europe refused to come back , and overall air traffic dropped forty - six percent .
Upon Napolitano ’s pro-active announcement that automated rectal exams would be instituted to further protect our freedoms , traffic fell another ten percent , except in San Francisco .
Over the next two months , seven airlines declared bankruptcy and went into chapter eleven .
Most foreign airlines announced that they would no longer fly to the United States .
Boeing was ordered by TSA to retrofit automatic wrist - restraints on existing aircraft , and Artful Devices , Inc. won a twelve billion dollar contract for an integrated explosive - sniffer , puff - analyzer , millimeter - wave panty - viewer , shoe - x - rayer , stomach pump , CAT - scanner and nitrate - sniffing automated dildo .
Our freedoms , at last , were safe .
The Best of Fred Reed
The poster child for sustainable fish farming -- the tilapia -- is actually a problematic invasive species for the native fish of the islands of Fiji , according to a new study by the Wildlife Conservation Society and other groups .
Scientists suspect that tilapia introduced to the waterways of the Fiji Islands may be gobbling up the larvae and juvenile fish of several native species of goby , fish that live in both fresh and salt water and begin their lives in island streams .
The recently published paper appears in Aquatic Conservation : Marine and Freshwater Ecosystems .
The authors include : Stacy Jupiter and Ingrid Qauqau of the Wildlife Conservation Society ; Aaron P. Jenkins of Wetlands International - Oceania ; and James Atherton of Conservation International .
" Many of the unique freshwater fishes of the Fiji Islands are being threatened by introduced tilapia and other forms of development in key water catchment basins , " said Dr. Jupiter , a co-author of the study and one of the investigators examining the effects of human activities on the native fauna .
" Conserving the native fishes of the islands will require a multi- faceted collaboration that protects not only the waterways of the islands , but the ecosystems that contain them . "
The most surprising finding of the study centers on the tilapia , a member of the cichlid family of fishes from Africa that has become one of the most important kinds of fish for aquaculture , due in large part to its rapid rate of growth and palatability .
Aside from its value as a source of protein , the tilapia is sometimes problematic to native fish species in tropical locations .
To gauge the impacts of tilapia and other human activities on native fish species in the Fiji Archipelago , researchers surveyed the fish species and other denizens of 20 river basins on the major islands of Vitu Levu , Vanua Levu , and Taveuni .
In addition to catching and identifying fishes with gill and seine nets , the scientists also rated other environmental factors such as : the potential of erosion due to loss of forest cover and riparian vegetation ; road density near rivers and streams ; the distances and complexity of nearby mangroves and reefs ; and the presence or absence of invasive species ( tilapia mainly ) .
The team found that streams with tilapia contained 11 fewer species of native fishes than those without ; species most sensitive to introduced tilapia included the throat - spine gudgeon , the olive flathead - gudgeon , and other gobies .
In general , sites where tilapia were absent had more species of native fish .
Since tilapia are known to consume the larvae and juvenile fish , the researchers assume that the introduced species may be consuming the native ones as they make their way upstream and down .
Absence of forest cover adjacent to streams was also correlated to fewer fish species .
Based on the spatial information compiled in the study , the researchers found that remote and undeveloped regions -- with waterways containing a full complement of native species and no tilapia -- on the three islands should be considered priority locations for management .
The main management activities , the authors recommend , should include conserving forests around waterways and keeping the tilapia out .
" Protecting marine and aquatic biodiversity takes more than managing isolated rivers or coral reefs , " said Dr. Caleb McClennen , Director of the Wildlife Conservation Society 's Marine Program .
" A holistic conservation approach is needed , one that incorporates freshwater systems , the surrounding forest cover , coastal estuaries and seaward coral reefs .
As aquaculture continues to develop worldwide , best practices must include precautionary measures to keep farmed species out of the surrounding natural environment . "
Fußball in der Krise Goals statt Gelder !
Es steht nicht gut um des Deutschen liebstes Kind : Kurz vor der WM macht der Fußball Negativschlagzeilen am laufenden Band .
Dabei kommt die Krise nicht von ungefähr .
SPIEGEL - ONLINE - Autor Hubert Kleinert plädiert für weniger Millionen , weniger Tricks und weniger Marketing zugunsten spannenderer Spiele .
