DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE Hillary Rodham Clinton : Can N.Y. senator reach the finish ?
Barack Obama : Contender vaults into political limelight THE RACE FOR DELEGATES THE RACE FOR DELEGATES USA TODAY 's interactive delegate tracker shows where the presidential candidates stand as they seek their party 's nomination .
Fla. mail - in vote in jeopardy WASHINGTON 
The head of the Florida Democratic Party said vigorous opposition has jeopardized a proposed mail - in presidential primary to reinstate the state 's delegates .
Karen Thurman called on Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton to consider the mail - in vote as the best solution to the state 's disputed Jan. 29 primary .
She said at a news conference Thursday , however , " I have a feeling that this is probably closer to not , than yes . "
POLITICS BLOG : More on the decision Obama leads among pledged delegates and has been particularly skeptical of staging a mail - in vote .
" This plan is ridiculous and should n't be pursued , " said Allan Katz , an Obama supporter and top Democratic National Committee official from Florida .
He called a new vote unnecessary .
Obama expressed concerns Thursday about a mail - in voting but said he would " abide by whatever the DNC decides . "
Florida Sen . Bill Nelson , a Clinton supporter who had backed the mail - in vote , now proposes seating half the state 's delegates and allocating them based on the Jan. 29 results , spokesman Dan McLaughlin said .
Democrats in Florida and Michigan are trying to find a way to seat their delegates at the party 's national convention Aug. 24 - 28 in Denver .
The DNC stripped the states of all their delegates — 367 in total — as punishment for scheduling their primaries ahead of Feb .
5 . Clinton won Florida and Michigan , but no delegates were awarded .
The New York senator said this week that she wants the delegates seated based on the original voting or on the results of a new statewide primary .
Thurman said that she will decide by Monday but that the DNC wo n't support the proposal unless it 's backed by both candidates .
Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said this week that Florida lacks enough time to prepare a new vote .
Florida 's nine U.S. House members oppose the mail - in plan .
Under the plan Thurman pushed Thursday , the party would mail ballots to more than 4 million registered Democrats in Florida .
Voters could mail it back or vote at one of 50 voting centers that would be created around the state .
The June 3 election would cost between $ 10 million and $ 12 million .
Contributing : Bill Cotterell , Gannett News Service ; Associated Press David Virgin casts a ballot for his choice of delegates to attend the Democratic National Convention at a voting station in The Roxy Theatre March 1 in Miami .
Uncertainty surrounds the seating of the Democratic delegates and some are calling for a re-vote .
By Joe Raedle , Getty Images Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Baby Girl will have two paws removed in the operation
The stray was found by a US family in Cannonsburg , Pennsylvania , and taken to a local animal shelter , where she was named Baby Girl .
The operation will not make her a four - footed feline , as vets also plan to amputate a deformed left hind leg .
But staff at the shelter say Baby Girl is already adept at getting around using only 60 % of current paw power .
Chrystin Rice , who works at the Washington Area Humane Society , says Baby Girl is in good health as she waits for her operation , scheduled to take place within the next fortnight .
" She 's a little bit wild , but she is very easy to handle , " she said .
" The veterinarians who have seen her are just amazed that she has five legs .
It 's probably from in - breeding . "
The operation will improve the cat 's quality of life , the society says .
So far no one has applied to adopt Baby Girl , although there have been a number of calls to inquire about her progress .
But Chrystin
Rice says people should n't be put off by the extra leg - or the forthcoming lack of one which should be there .
" It 's actually a really , really nice cat , " she said .
Conversation : Evolution Overdrive Volume 61 Number 2 , March / April 2008
The human genome is changing faster than ever
( Courtesy John Hawks )
Human evolution has been gathering speed for the past 50,000 years , and today natural selection may be changing the human genome faster than ever according to John Hawks of the University of Wisconsin and author of the best paleoanthropology blog on the web ( johnhawks.net / weblog ) .
Hawks led a study that examined genetic variability around the world and found that adaptive mutations have been accumulating at an increasing pace as the world 's population grows .
Hawks spoke with ARCHAEOLOGY 's Zach Zorich about race , breeding with Neanderthals , and Zach 's lousy education .
When I was in school I learned that human evolution had stopped because our population is too large .
Yeah , they were all wrong [ laughs ] .
A lot of people were saying that , especially in the 1960s and 70s there were a lot of anthropologists who studied the past who said look , 30,000 years ago modern humans are essentially in place and we know that people in the world today have ancestry that goes back at least that far .
Australians have ancestors 30,000 years ago in Australia ... so the idea that you could have rapid global changes across the last 30,000 years seemed unlikely .
What people were not considering is the demographic change .
There are so many more people that the chances for really favorable strong mutations becomes very high .
That 's an old idea .
Its something that Darwin pointed out , if you have lots of individuals you could have rare mutations that were advantageous .
But people did n't put it together with the human historical and archaeological record of population growth .
How many new mutations have occurred in the human genome over the past 50,000 years ?
We were able to count around 3,000 new adaptive mutations for Europeans around the same number in west Africans and east Asians .
So , it varies by ethnicity ?
Just a bit .
There are mutations that occurred in Europe that have n't spread everywhere else and the same is true for the other populations .
How do you figure out how old a mutation is ?
Well in our case , we were studying the data from the international HapMap project , which allows us to look at linkage between sites in the human genome .
Linkage between genes decays over time , so the more time passes by the less genes tend to be linked together , so we can use the number of links between haplotypes , or gene variations , to estimate how long ago they started to increase in frequency .
So , that gives us a way to date how long ago selection starts .
What are the biggest evolutionary changes in humans over the last 50,000 years ?
Well , there have been lots of trends .
During the past 20,000 years and particularly the past 10,000 , body size shrank a little bit , brain size shrank quite a lot , and tooth size reduced .
The European and Asian genes that lighten skin color are pretty recent .
Digestive things have changed , like the ability for adults to consume milk .
You mean the genes that control lactose intolerance ?
Yeah , this is a great example because it is really well known that Europeans , as well as some west and central Asians have a really high lactose digestion capacity as adults .
Those places each have separate mutations that are new within the past 10,000 years , and the rest of the world did n't get those mutations , so that explains the difference .
But it's also a great example because people have probed 5,000 - year - old Neolithic skeletons from Germany , and the lactase - digesting allele is n't there .
That 's around 90 % in Germany today ; in the Neolithic it 's not there at all .
That means that not only is this a very recent change but it is a recent change that we can document skeletally in the archaeological record .
So , nobody was eating cheese in Germany 6,000 years ago ?
Well , they may have started but the thing is that once the pressure is in place , once the diet change happens .
That is when selection starts , so people are drinking milk , and they do n't have the maximum capacity to do it , mutations that increase their capacity are advantageous , so selection increased these mutations .
Other populations that never drank milk never needed these mutations , and they were n't selected .
Your work is mainly about advantageous mutations , but humans also carry an abnormally high number of disadvantageous mutations compared to other species .
What does all of this say about human evolution ?
In some respects it 's two sides of the same coin .
Because every time a new mutation arises that has an advantage , the old one is there and now it is considered a disadvantage .
What we are seeing is there are a lot of ancestral gene variants ( alleles ) that used to be the common form in humans and they have recently been declining .
For instance the big Alzheimer 's disease risk allele is an ancestral form .
What do you mean by ancestral form ?
It means that there was a time when everybody in the human population had that allele and its been reducing in frequency over time because the other alleles have some advantage .
So when we look today at things that make you susceptible to long - term chronic diseases like Alzheimers and Type 2 diabetes a lot of those alleles are the ancestral forms .
Ancient people just were not well adapted to today 's circumstances .
And the alleles are n't gone , they have been reducing but they are still here and they are causing what we consider to be problems although 50,000 years ago they were n't problems , people lived a different lifestyle .
What set the stage for this increase in the pace of evolution ?
That gets into the question of modern human origins .
Something changed about humans around 50,000 years ago , and we know that it was associated with technology .
People in Africa and Europe were using more symbolic artifacts , projectile weapons and a broader range of resources ( see " Home of the Modern Mind , " March / April 2008 ) .
Everything else -- the movement of people into Asia , Europe , and Australia - - was driven by population growth .
But , as to what really triggered everything , my current inclination is that it had to do with an increased ability to communicate .
Why ?
Because that enabled technological changes , it enabled people to resist predation , it enabled a demographic shift .
We know that in comparisons of archaic human to modern humans , Upper Paleolithic ( modern ) people lived longer , which means they had less risk .
Less risk in humans is created through technology and subsistence innovations .
If you do n't starve , the predators do n't eat you , that ties together .
It seems to me that over the course of the past 2 million years , the only thing that could create a radical change like that is a change in social interaction and that means communication .
But Neanderthals we now know had the FOXP2 gene that we think is correlated with language so when we say something about communication change I try to be very broad with that because some form of language must have been there in Neanderthals .
I 'm thinking that what we 're looking at is some kind of involved , complex system of genetic changes probably involving dozens maybe a hundred mutations that coordinated to enable cultural and ultimately demographic change .
Knowing what I know , to look back at modern human origins and say that we are looking for a set of maybe a 100 genes that drove this process seems very credible to me .
What about the idea that as modern humans spread across the globe they interbred with populations of ancestral hominins triggering a leap in evolution ?
Well , you know this is an idea that I 've been pushing .
I 'm looking at complex systems like the brain .
It takes 5,000 genes , at least , to develop a modern human brain , and I 'm thinking that not every mutation is going to take place in any one small hunter - gatherer population .
Its very plausible that you would get something in Neanderthals that was one gene or maybe ten genes out of 5,000 that would cross into modern humans with very little interbreeding .
Does that mean the language gene , FOXP2 , could have originated in Neanderthals and passed to modern humans ?
I think so .
We know this gene is recent , we know that it is fixed in modern humans , so we know it was strongly selected for .
We have found it in some Neanderthals , so where do you go with that ?
It seems to me we 've got a 50/50 chance that it originated in modern humans and was passed to Neanderthals .
The other explanation is that FOXP2 is very old and maybe we were all wrong in saying it was a recent mutation , but I 'll tell you what -- that 's just wishful thinking .
If FOXP2 originated in Neanderthals would it have had time to disperse all the way out to modern human populations in Australia and all the other remote parts of the world that modern humans had populated ?
If it came from Neanderthals we would have to propose that FOXP2 arose about 100,000 years ago when modern humans and Neanderthals were in contact in the Near East .
The key is that if FOXP2 is more recently fixed than the common ancestor of humans and Neanderthals who lived 300,000 or 400,000 years ago , then it had to be transferred in one direction or the other .
Given that it 's there in several Neanderthal specimens and it's globally dispersed in humans , this transfer , if it happened , had to happen early enough for FOXP2 to get to where it was .
So I 'm thinking in the time frame of 100,000 years ago , but I 'm waiting to see a date .
What about the possibility that it originated in the common ancestor of modern humans and Neanderthals ?
Well , there we would expect to see more variability in humans around that gene .
The reason researchers initially said that this gene evolved recently was because of the lack of variability around it .
This is an area of the genome that has really good samples , so we know there is limited variation here .
There is no reason to say its older , but I 'm working on a better way to get a date for this .
So we 'll see if we get some results .
How does your study impact the way we look at ourselves today ?
I think it addresses a fundamental problem in anthropology -- what explains race ?
Now , we can say , look , there are genetic differences and they are the consequences of past environments and demographic growth .
When we can explain human differences in terms of past environments that always makes more sense than explaining them in terms of big , competing racial groups and the really out - moded , nineteenth - century ideas about racial relationships .
People rejected those for good reason , they do n't make sense from an evolutionary point of view .
So when we can say , look , there are genetic differences and they are the consequences of past environments and demographic growth , you know , the really new environment that we have created for ourselves .
I think the demographic and environmental explanation gives us a way to talk about health disparities between populations and the physical differences that people notice , and give them a real context that relates to history .
You mentioned that skin color is something that was relatively recently selected in Europeans and East Asians .
How far back does that go ?
Well right now it looks like there are around a dozen genes in each of those populations that influences skin color variation .
By and large those genes are different in the two groups , which is one indicator of how recent they are .
If they were n't so recent they would be more widely shared , they would have had time to spread .
But the ones that have been dated , and that does n't include all of them it includes three or four of them , all of them are more recent than 20,000 years so we 're really looking at a recent change in pigmentation and as we develop more accurate dates for some of the other ones I think that pattern will hold up .
So the idea that Neanderthals evolved light skin and passed it on to modern humans is not supported by the data you have .
We have not found any evidence for that , and the red - hair allele that Neanderthals had is not present in any living Europeans .
So if they had lighter skin , which is plausible in environmental terms , so far the evidence is that it was independently acquired in them .
But I may find next week that one of the genes is really old and looks like it came from a Neanderthal .
This is an area of my active research .
If I were to meet somebody who lived 50,000 years ago , how would that person be different from me ?
Well number one , somebody from 50,000 years ago who was transported to today in a time machine would probably be dead within two years from some infectious disease .
That 's the number one difference , we have resistance to all kinds of diseases that have emerged during the process of civilization that never existed before .
The smallpox that killed many of the Native Americans , the susceptibility was there for genetic reasons .
There would be some digestive changes .
When we look at the diversity among people in the world to day in terms of Type 2 diabetes , and obesity susceptibility , some of those differences are going to be explained by recently selected genes that have to do with diet .
I suspect there would be some behavioral changes .
We 're looking at a large category of genes that effect the central nervous system , we do n't know what they do but I can expect there must be some behavioral differences that have influenced human populations across the last 50,000 years .
So we have a different nervous system than people 50,000 years ago ?
There is something different about our brains , remember when we are looking at the skeleton we can show that the brain shrank .
There are anatomical differences in the grossest sense , but also the central nervous system is a complex system that involves developmental processes that we really do n't understand yet .
There could be any number of things that are different .
Is human evolution still accelerating or have we reached our adaptive peak ?
I think that we are undoubtedly continuing to evolve at the genetic level .
What has changed in the past 100 years are the pressures on us .
For one thing the variation in when people die has gotten much lower and that lowers the strength of selection .
On the other hand we still have a huge variation in how many kids people will have over the course of their lives .
So I expect that the things that are selected today and maybe in the future are mainly fertility related .
If I were to speculate , I 'm thinking people are having kids later , maybe something to do with late life fertility .
Maybe something that has to do with fertility and diet change , you know people have trouble with obesity and fertility .
But that is just speculation , really the past 200 years are too recent for us to even see genetically .
It might not be the stunning achievement of brilliant scientific engineering that is the cheeseburger in a can , but the indomitable spirit of man means we 'll never stop trying to top it .
The latest attempt : Laser - etched lunchmeats .
Classier than savagely severing dead animal flesh into pieces with a laser , Mleak 's laser - etched art brings refined aesthetics to the table of processed meatstuffs .
Okay , searing a pig onto a block of bologna is actually pretty tasteless , even if it is partially composed of chicken meat .
[ MAKE ]
Advertisement
Blog Archive September 16 - September 23 ( 2 ) September 9 - September 16 ( 6 ) September 2 - September 9 ( 4 ) August 26 - September 2 ( 10 ) August 19 - August 26 ( 6 ) August 12 - August 19 ( 9 ) August 5 - August 12 ( 9 ) July 29 - August 5 ( 5 ) July 22 - July 29 ( 8 ) July 15 - July 22 ( 10 ) July 8 - July 15 ( 5 ) July 1 - July 8 ( 6 ) June 24 - July 1 ( 6 ) June 17 - June 24 ( 3 ) June 10 - June 17 ( 1 ) June 3 - June 10 ( 7 ) May 20 - May 27 ( 3 ) May 13 - May 20 ( 4 ) May 6 - May 13 ( 7 ) April 29 - May 6 ( 7 ) April 22 - April 29 ( 9 ) April 15 - April 22 ( 7 ) April 8 - April 15 ( 5 ) April 1 - April 8 ( 12 ) March 25 - April 1 ( 8 ) March 18 - March 25 ( 3 ) March 11 - March 18 ( 1 )
Industry Minister Jim Prentice has understandably been the focal point of the Canadian DMCA given that it is his bill and his call as to whether the government will proceed with anti-education , anti-consumer , and anti-business copyright legislation .
While every MP should be paying close attention to copyright – anecdotal evidence suggests that the majority of MPs from all parties have heard from constituents about the issue – there is a subset that should be particularly concerned .
The Copyright MPs are a group of 27 MPs ( nine percent of all MPs ) who share two key attributes – they won their riding by 10 percent or less in the last election and their riding is home to a university .
The combination is important since it is these MPs – not the very safe Jim Prentice – who will face the consequences of the Prentice bill that will harm a generation well versed in digital technologies , social networks , and the Internet .
In some ridings , less than 1,000 votes – roughly the size of some large first year courses – is needed to swing the entire riding .
In all , there are 10 Conservatives , 11 Liberals , 4 NDP , and 2 Bloc .
Who are the Copyright MPs ?
The ten Conservative Copyright MPs who will be on the hotseat are :
MP Riding University Winning Percentage Runner Up Party Rahim Jaffer ( C ) Edmonton - Strathcona U of Alberta 9.2 percent NDP Dean Del Mastro ( C ) Peterborough Trent 3.6 percent Liberal James Lunney ( C ) Nanaimo - Alberni Malaspina 9.1 percent NDP Rod Bruinooge ( C ) Winnipeg South U of Manitoba 0.2 percent Liberal David Sweet ( C ) Ancaster - Dundas - Flamborough McMaster 4.6 percent Liberal Norman Doyle ( C ) St. John 's East Memorial 10.5 percent Liberal Peter MacKay ( C ) Central Nova St. FX 7.8 percent NDP Colin Carrie ( C ) Oshawa UOIT 5.2 percent NDP Betty Hinton ( C ) Kamloops - Thompson - Cariboo Thompson Rivers 8.5 percent NDP Joe Comuzzi ( L ) Thunder Bay - Superior North Lakehead 1.0 percent NDP
If I am Rod Bruinooge , who beat Reg Alcock by 111 votes in 2006 , I might want to talk to Jim Prentice about his copyright plans given that the University of Manitoba has nearly 30,000 students .
So too for Dean Del Mastro , who won by 2200 votes in 2006 in a riding where Trent University has over 7,000 undergrad students .
Or how about Rahim Jaffer , a three - term Alberta Conservative MP who won by 9 percent in the last election but is in a riding where education is the major employer .
Then there is Joe Comuzzi , who was welcomed into the Conservative caucus last year after moving from the Liberals .
He won the last election by only 408 votes in a riding where Lakehead University is a major employer ( over 2,200 staff ) and home to nearly 8,000 students .
Do n't forget about David Sweet , who swung his Hamilton - area riding away from the Liberals for the first time since 1993 by less than 3,000 votes .
The riding is home to McMaster University , the fifth largest employer in Hamilton ( 7,300 employees ) and nearly 20,000 students .
Or fellow cabinet minister Peter MacKay , already facing a battle in which the Liberals have dropped out of the riding to strengthen Green party leader Elizabeth May , who won his seat by a mere 3,273 votes in the last election and has St. Francis Xavier University in his riding ( home to 4200 students ) .
There is even Colin Carrie , Prentice 's Parliamentary Secretary , who won his riding by 2752 votes , about half the number of students at the University of Ontario - IT .
All of these MPs are Canada 's Copyright MPs , representing ridings with sizable student bodies ( and employees linked to education ) who could play a major role in the next election .
Of course , there are Copyright MPs in all parties .
The opposition party Copyright MPs include :
MP Riding University Winning Percentage Runner Up Party John Maloney ( L ) Welland Brock 4.8 percent NDP Brenda Chamberlain ( L ) Guelph Guelph 8.6 percent Conservative Glen Pearson ( L ) London North Centre UWO 9.1 percent Green Diane Marleau ( L ) Sudbury Sudbury 9.6 percent NDP Andy Scott ( L ) Fredericton UNB 7.2 percent Conservative Paul Zed ( L ) Saint John UNB 3.6 percent Conservative Lloyd St. Armand ( L ) Brant Nipissing ( Brantford ) 1.0 percent Conservative Keith Martin ( L ) Esquimalt - Jun de Fuca Royal Roads 3.6 percent NDP Robert Thibault ( L ) West Nova Universite Sainte - Anne 1.1 percent Conservative Raymond Simard ( L ) Saint Boniface Saint Boniface ( U of Manitoba ) 3.6 percent Conservative Bill Siksay ( NDP ) Burnaby - Douglas Simon Fraser 2.6 percent Liberal Tony Martin ( NDP ) Sault Ste. Marie Algoma 4.7 percent Liberal Paul Dewar ( NDP ) Ottawa Centre Carleton 7.7 percent Liberal Olivia Chow ( NDP ) Trinity - Spadina U of Toronto , OCAD 5.9 percent Liberal Thierry St.- Cyr ( BQ ) Jeanne - Le Ber Ecole de Technologie Superieure 6.1 percent Liberal Robert Bouchard ( BQ ) Chicoutimi-Le Fjord U of Quebec – Chicoutimi 9.3 percent Liberal Marcel Proulx ( L ) Hull - Aylmer U of Quebec – Outaouais 3.3 percent Bloc
There are several important ridings for the Conservatives here as well – Saint Boniface in Winnipeg , which was in striking distance in the last election ( 1524 votes ) or Saint John , home to the University of New Brunswick - Saint John , which was a Progressive Conservative seat from 1984 to 2004 and which the Conservative candidate fell short by only 1449 votes in 2006 .
If you are Prime Minister Stephen Harper , how many ridings are you prepared to put at risk in order to push forward with copyright reform ?
While there may be relatively few Canadians who will vote for a party because of copyright , a growing number might vote against a party because of it .
This places the Copyright MPs in the spotlight and presents a major political challenge ( or opportunity ) for the Conservatives , Liberals , and NDP .
It also places Jim Prentice in the uncomfortable position of having to answer to caucus colleagues whose re-election prospects could get considerably tougher if he forges ahead with his plans for a Canadian DMCA .
Update : A reader notes that several Copyright MPs have announced that they will not run in the next election .
This includes Joe Comuzzi , Andy Scott , Brenda Chamberlain , and Norman E. Doyle .
This arguably only increases the importance of these ridings as they are likely to very hotly contested .
Clinton pumps base from the stump
Former president 's theme : ' John Kerry 's got a better plan '
( CNN ) --
With eight days remaining before Election Day , Democratic strategists fired the big gun and put the controversial but charismatic Bill Clinton on the stump with presidential hopeful Sen. John Kerry .
It was a move that could push undecided voters either way .
A poll in July showed 54 percent of Americans have a favorable impression of Clinton but 43 percent hold an unfavorable view of the former president .
Kerry is hoping for a boost from Clinton , whose public role in the campaign has been limited since he underwent quadruple coronary artery bypass surgery September 6 .
( Post - surgery report )
Clinton campaigned Monday evening in Miami , Florida , after his comeback speech earlier in the day in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
He travels to Nevada on Friday and New Mexico on Saturday .
On Sunday , Clinton returns to his home state of Arkansas for a campaign event .
Polls show the race to be close in all four states , but unexpectedly so in Arkansas , which voted for Clinton in both of his runs for the White House but backed Bush in 2000 .
Kerry adviser Mike McCurry said the race is " closer than anticipated " there and represents an " opportunity " for the Democrats .
Karl Rove , President Bush 's chief political strategist , offered his perspective on Clinton 's appearance .
" They had to roll Clinton out of the hospital room and onto the campaign trail to help Senator Kerry with his core constituencies , who are so weak , " Rove said .
He argued the Republicans feel good about their base and made the point that they are actively going after Democratic candidates .
CNN political editor John Mercurio said it could be a risk to put the impeached leader on a platform with a White House candidate who slightly trails in polls among registered voters .
( Poll : Race remains close )
" This is not an event designed to appeal to swing voters , independent voters , " Mercurio said .
" This is designed for your base , for African - American voters , Clinton loyalists , people who supported him through the impeachment saga . "
The affection was strong among the tens of thousands of Kerry backers who filled Love Park .
Philadelphia Fire Commissioner Lloyd Ayers said a preliminary estimate found the crowd between 80,000 and 100,000 .
As confetti flew , many attendees waved flags and held signs that read " 8 more days " and " Philly for Kerry . "
The newly svelte Clinton worked the crowd with a broad smile as he stooped to shake hands .
At the start of his address he quipped , " If this is n't good for my heart I do n't know what is . "
Clinton was candid about what he and Kerry hoped his presence would bring to the campaign .
" I know well that no one 's presence can change a single vote , " he said .
" But I hope my reasons can affect a few votes . "
Saying he had promised his wife , doctors and himself he would n't overdo it , Clinton quickly launched into what he said were differences between Kerry and President Bush , and the state of the country .
He complained of job losses , record bankruptcies , declining middle class incomes and more uninsured Americans .
" John Kerry 's got a better plan , " Clinton said , lauding the senator 's domestic platform , including his vow to repeal the tax cut for people -- such as Clinton himself , he noted -- who make more than $ 200,000 a year .
" He wants to finally give us a chance to make a contribution to America 's economic recovery and to the fight against terrorism , " Clinton said .
" Most of us want our chance ... and we do n't want our children and our grandchildren paying for the cost of our tax cuts . "
He also repeatedly cited figures from his own presidency , such as job increases , specific to Pennsylvania .
Clinton praised Kerry 's international platform as well , saying the senator would create a larger army , provide better management in Iraq , put greater emphasis on homeland security , double inspection of containers at ports and airports , and do a better job of cracking down on al Qaeda .
" The other side , they 're trying to scare the undecided voters about Senator Kerry , and they 're trying to scare the decided voters away from the polls -- we know about that , do n't we , " Clinton said , referring to complaints from some African - Americans that in 2000 they were kept from the polls , particularly in Florida .
" One of Clinton 's laws of politics is this :
If one candidate 's trying to scare you , and the other one 's trying to get you to think ; if one candidate 's appealing to your fears , and the other one 's appealing to your hopes ; you better vote for the person who wants you to think and hope , " he said .
At the Miami event , which drew a crowd of about 5,000 people , Clinton appeared to show more stamina than he did earlier in the day in Philadelphia .
He spoke for more than 20 minutes and then shook many hands in a semicricle around the stage .
" Remember , we won this state the last two times , they just did n't count them the last time , " Clinton told the Miami crowd .
" We can win it again .
Let 's go for it three in a row . "
Of Bush , Clinton said : " Only a very foolish person goes all the way through life and never change positions on anything in the face of new evidence . "
There is an interview with Sam Nurmi , our CEO , over at the popular web technology blog and news site CenterNetworks .
If you want to learn more about what makes Sam tick , and his thoughts and plans for Pingdom and the uptime monitoring industry as a whole , we recommend that you head over to CenterNetworks and read the full interview .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2007 September 1
Kalamalka Lake Eclipse
Credit & Copyright : Yuichi Takasaka
Explanation : Recorded on August 28th , this serene total lunar eclipse sequence looks southwest down Kalamalka Lake toward the lights of Coldstream , British Columbia .
An exposure every 4 minutes captured the Moon 's position and eclipse phase , until the Moon set behind the town lights and a hill on the horizon .
In fact , the sequence effectively measures the duration of the total phase of the eclipse .
Around 270 BC , the Greek astronomer Aristarchus also measured the duration of lunar eclipses - though probably without the benefit of digital clocks and cameras .
Still , using geometry , he devised a simple and impressively accurate way to calculate the Moon 's distance , in terms of the radius of planet Earth , from the eclipse duration .
New Yorker : Abu Ghraib abuses were ' de facto US policy '
Nick Juliano
Published : Monday March 17 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Photographer wanted to expose ' what the military was allowing to happen '
Some of the most iconic images of the Iraq war came not from photojournalists on the front lines , but US soldiers carrying point - and - shoot digital cameras .
In its latest issue , the New Yorker profiles the woman who snapped many of the photos depicting abuse at Abu Ghraib prison that the same magazine revealed nearly four years ago .
Like many of the soldiers in charge of the detained Iraqis at Abu Ghraib , Sabrina Harman had little experience running a prison .
As Philip Gourevitch and Errol Morris report , she and others in her Army Reserve unit did n't stick out at the prison , " where almost nothing was run according to military doctrine . "
The low - ranking reservist soldiers who took and appeared in the infamous images were singled out for opprobrium and punishment ; they were represented , in government reports , in the press , and before courts - martial , as rogues who acted out of depravity .
Yet the abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib was de facto United States policy .
The authorization of torture and the decriminalization of cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment of captives in wartime have been among the defining legacies of the current Administration ; and the rules of interrogation that produced the abuses documented on the M.I. [ Military Intelligence ] block in the fall of 2003 were the direct expression of the hostility toward international law and military doctrine that was found in the White House , the Vice - President 's office , and at the highest levels of the Justice and Defense Departments .
The article , which appears in the March 24 issue of the New Yorker , has not been posted online , but the magazine has posted additional photos and videos to augment the report .
Gourevitch and Morris trace Harman 's evolving reactions to the horrors she witnesses -- " ricocheting from childish mockery to casual swagger to sympathy to cruelty to titillation to self - justification to self - doubt to outrage to identification to despair " -- through interviews and excerpts she sent home from the prison .
In one October 2003 letter to Kelly , the woman Harman called her wife , the young MP writes what could now be seen as a grim foreshadow to the war in which American soldiers are still fighting and dying .
" These people will be our future terrorist , " she writes one night after witnessing interrogators poking one detainees genitals with a stick and handcuffing another to his top bunk .
" Kelly , its ( sic ) awful and you know how fucked I am in the head .
Both sides of me think its ( sic ) wrong .
I thought I could handle anything .
I was wrong . "
Harman and other soldiers told of taking prisoners ' blankets and leaving them naked in bare cells while temperatures dipped near freezing .
The New Yorker writers relay witness accounts of bones being found inside Abu Ghraib incinerators and prisoners being submerged in ice - filled trash cans .
She also told of women and children being held at the prison , according to the magazine .
The youngest prisoner on the tier was just ten years old -- " a little kid , " she said .
" He could have fith through the bars , he was so little . "
Like a number of the other kids and of the woman there , he was being held as a pawn in the military 's effort to caputre or break his father .
...
She did n't like seeing children in prison " for no reason , just because of who your father was , " but she did n't dwell on that .
The photos , Harman said , were intended to " expose what was being allowed ... what the military was allowing to happen to other people . "
One of the most iconic images from Abu Ghraib is actually among the most innocuous , Harman tells the magazine .
It shows a hooded prisoner wearing a prison blanket with arms outstretched and attached to wires .
The wires were not live , so there was no danger of electrocution for the prisoner , known as Gilligan to the soldiers guarding him .
Subsequent investigations revealed that Gilligan was not who the Army 's Criminal Investigative Division thought he was -- he was simply an innocent cab driver .
His interrogators appeared to have little regard for how he was treated before that information came to light , though , Gourevitch and Morris report .
Staff Sergeant Chip Frederick later told Army investigators that the asked the C.I.D. man -- whom he identified as Agent Romero -- about Gilligan , and that Romero said , " I do n't give a fuck what you do to him , just do n't kill them . "
Another of Harman 's photos shows her smiling and giving a thumbs - up gesture next to the body of a dead Iraqi man , a suspected insurgent named Manadel al - Jamadi , wrapped in ice .
Harman was told the man died of a heart attack , but a subsequent autopsy revealed he died of " blunt force injuries " and " compromised respiration , " presumably at the hands of a CIA interrogator .
After the photos were made public , Harman and several of her fellow low - ranking reservists faced courts martial and were punished with reductions in rank and bad - conduct discharges .
Only one person ranked above staff - sergeant faced charges , but was acquitted of criminal wrongdoing .
No one has ever been charged with abuses that were not photographed , and charges against Harman related to her al - Jamadi photographs were thrown out ( the CIA interrogator never faced charges , either ) .
Harman became increasingly unnerved by what she witnessed , and said she would simply try to forget whatever had happened the day before with each new morning .
She was asked how the other MPs could participate in the abuses without similar reservations .
" They 're more patriotic , " is all she could say .
Jerusalem
SOMETHING strange is happening to us Zionists in the 60th year of the state of Israel : we are repudiating our astonishing success .
If in the 1880s ( the start of Zionist settlement in what is now Israel ) or in 1948 ( the War of Independence ) or even in 1967 ( the Six - Day War ) somebody had said that one day virtually the entire world , including all the Arab nations , would accept the existence of the State of Israel in 78 percent of the land of Israel , he would have been regarded as either idiotically optimistic or clinically insane .
That , however , is where we are today .
We have won , but we are refusing to accept the result .
It is as if the captain of a team winning the World Cup , a triumphant Olympic sprinter or a victor of Wimbledon were to say : “ No , no .
There has been a mistake .
I did n’t win , I lost .
My victory is an illusion . ”
While it is true that the Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , talks about wiping Israel off the map , and he might be developing the technical means to do so , he has also said that he will agree to whatever agreement the Palestinians accept .
The Lebanese Islamic group Hezbollah is utterly hostile , but it is now focused on events in its own country .
The Palestinian Hamas , which rules Gaza , refuses to recognize Israel , but even that movement seeks a long - term truce , which is tantamount to de facto recognition .
Millionaires - in - Chief
The top White House contenders are a lot richer than the rest of us .
Here 's where they got it ... and where it goes .
6 of 7 Romney 's money Net Worth : $ 202 million
Where he got it
Romney won a combo M.B.A. and law degree from Harvard and promptly took himself to Wall Street , or at least the Boston version .
He started with the Boston Consulting Group and moved on to Bain & Co. , another consulting firm , where he became vice president in 1978 .
Six years later he founded Bain Capital , a private equity spin - off that at one time or another had stakes in Bright Horizons , Domino 's Pizza , Staples and The Sports Authority , among others .
Romney still receives income from Bain as a retired partner but no longer has any say in operations .
Since 1999 , when Romney entered public life , taking over the troubled operations of the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics , and later as Governor of Massachusetts , he has donated his public service salaries to charity .
He has said he would do the same with his presidential earnings .
He does n't need the small change .
Where it goes
Romney and his wife Ann hold about 100 stocks , including Dell , Disney and Target , as well as foreign issues including the Bank of Yokohama and China Mobile , in two blind trusts .
About 43 percent of the Romney portfolio is tied up in private equity investments through Bain Capital Management .
About $ 38 million is in Federal Home Loan Bank bonds that have maturities stretching out to 2016 .
Last year Romney 's adviser sold dozens of stocks , some of which he believed would be politically sensitive .
Among them : gaming companies such as Bally and Harrah's , and companies that do business with Iran , including European oil producers Eni SpA and Total .
The sales explain Romney 's ultrahigh 2006 income .
How he could do better
Romney is the candidate with the most riding on the estate - tax debate .
Hugh Smith and Stewart Welch of the Welch Group say that unless Congress changes laws , Romney 's estate could owe at least $ 90 million as of 2011 .
They suggest various ways to cut that bill , including giving all the money to the family foundation after Mitt and Ann both die .
A smaller bite out of the problem :
They could give $ 24,000 tax - free to each of their grandchildren , soon to number 12 , every year .
More on the candidates ' money Send feedback to Money Magazine Romney won a combo M.B.A. and law degree from Harvard and promptly took himself to Wall Street , or at least the Boston version .
He started with the Boston Consulting Group and moved on to Bain & Co. , another consulting firm , where he became vice president in 1978 .
Six years later he founded Bain Capital , a private equity spin - off that at one time or another had stakes in Bright Horizons , Domino 's Pizza , Staples and The Sports Authority , among others .
Romney still receives income from Bain as a retired partner but no longer has any say in operations .
Since 1999 , when Romney entered public life , taking over the troubled operations of the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics , and later as Governor of Massachusetts , he has donated his public service salaries to charity .
He has said he would do the same with his presidential earnings .
He does n't need the small change .
Romney and his wife Ann hold about 100 stocks , including Dell , Disney and Target , as well as foreign issues including the Bank of Yokohama and China Mobile , in two blind trusts .
About 43 percent of the Romney portfolio is tied up in private equity investments through Bain Capital Management .
About $ 38 million is in Federal Home Loan Bank bonds that have maturities stretching out to 2016 .
Last year Romney 's adviser sold dozens of stocks , some of which he believed would be politically sensitive .
Among them : gaming companies such as Bally and Harrah's , and companies that do business with Iran , including European oil producers Eni SpA and Total .
The sales explain Romney 's ultrahigh 2006 income .
Romney is the candidate with the most riding on the estate - tax debate .
Hugh Smith and Stewart Welch of the Welch Group say that unless Congress changes laws , Romney 's estate could owe at least $ 90 million as of 2011 .
They suggest various ways to cut that bill , including giving all the money to the family foundation after Mitt and Ann both die .
A smaller bite out of the problem :
They could give $ 24,000 tax - free to each of their grandchildren , soon to number 12 , every year .
Hillary Clinton
John Edwards
Rudolph Giuliani
John McCain
Barack Obama
Mitt Romney
Fred Thompson
- video encodings still in process -
When Prosecutor Carol Lam was Fired she was working on the charges that have been filed alleging that the CIA 's former No. 3 official used his influence in that role to support a proposed $ 100 million government contract for his best friend Brent Wilkes who has links to Titan Corp. , a defense contractor that rented a hanger at the same airport Mohamed Atta was taught to fly at in Venice , Fla. , in return for lavish vacations , private jet flights and a lucrative job offer .
A federal grand jury in San Diego brought charges in February against career CIA man Kyle " Dusty " Foggo and Poway - based contractor Brent Wilkes .
The charges grew from the bribery scandal that landed former U.S. Rep.
Randy " Duke " Cunningham in prison .
Foggo resigned from the spy agency a year ago , after his house and office were raided by federal agents .
He is the highest - ranking CIA officer to be charged with crimes allegedly committed while working for the agency ... When Porter Goss resigned it was under the flag of " Hookergate " The Hookergate was related to the Duke Cunningham Abramoff Scandal which also has Sun Cruz and Atta in the " gate " How big was this Special Ops Blackmail Prostitution thing and why is it being kept quiet in the media .
They ought to be all into this .
Now do you knwo why the White House has gone to great length's to prevent any knwoledge of thegreatest conspiracy from all time being exposed ?
DIGG THIS
Certain financial developments of late , commonly treated by the mainstream media as negative , are gladdening my heart .
It is sheer delight to read that Carlyle Capital Corp. is unable to meet margin calls .
Its stock fell from $ 12 to $ 5 in one day .
I hope it goes to $ 0 .
I am happy because Carlyle is an affiliate of the Carlyle Group , which is a charter member of the corrupt military - political - industrial complex .
It is the home , or former home , or palace , or safe deposit box of both Bush presidents and an incredible roster of other once high - placed officials , such as John Major , Frank Carlucci , James Baker III , Richard Darman , Arthur Levitt , and Mack McLarty , to name a few .
Carlyle invested $ 21.7 billion in mortgage - backed securities issued by two government - sponsored enterprises , namely , the Federal National Mortgage Association ( ticker symbol FNM ) , known as Fannie Mae , and the Federal Home Loan and Mortgage Corporation ( ticker symbol FRE ) , known as Freddie Mac .
Carlyle used excessive leverage ( issuing debt of its own ) to finance these purchases .
It borrowed by issuing very short - term debt known as repurchase agreements using the mortgage - backed securities as collateral .
When these mortgage - backed securities fell in price , the lenders demanded more capital ( margin ) from Carlyle .
But it had borrowed so much that it could not meet the margin calls .
It received a notice of default .
Wonderful !
How long the mighty fall before they manipulate the system to bail themselves out is anybody ’s guess .
In the meantime , it is fun to see even a token victory .
Half a loaf of comeuppance is better than none .
The Northern Rock bank in England issued large amounts of mortgage - backed securities , financing them by wholesale sources of short - term funds such as borrowings from other banks .
In this respect , it was like Carlyle .
When its short - term sources of funds dried up , the bank failed .
England nationalized this bank .
It should have been allowed to fail .
Failures are good when they are deserved .
We may not learn from them , but at least they give us the opportunity to learn .
And we need to learn a great deal .
Investors who over - reached for yield and over - reached for yield spreads are learning the hard way that this was a risky policy .
When yields on short - term money market funds fell drastically , the number of ultra -short bond funds doubled .
These bring in extra current yield by , among other things , investing in mortgage and other asset - backed securities .
Although they seem like money - market funds , they are not .
A fund like Fidelity ’s Ultra -Short Bond Fund maintained a $ 10 value for over 4 years , only suddenly to drop to $ 8.61 .
( Some others have fared better , depending on their investments . )
Carlyle Capital bought debt securities of FNM and FRE , but their stocks are also falling .
The stock price of Fannie Mae , which almost hit $ 90 in December of 2000 is down to $ 22 .
It fell over 10 percent on March 6 alone .
I hope this company goes bankrupt along with Freddie Mac , which is down to $ 20 after being north of $ 70 a share .
The government has no business butting into the mortgage business , so if Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fail , good riddance .
Although I ’d enjoy seeing a complete debacle occur in these two government - created monsters , quite possibly the government will prevent or otherwise forestall their bankruptcies should they ever be imminent .
The government provides no explicit guarantees to these companies , and the companies state that there are no guarantees .
Nevertheless , investors have acted as if the companies had some implicit guarantees .
They have good reason .
Congress clearly wants these companies around so that they can buy up mortgages .
The political fallout from their failures would be severe .
Investors therefore have lent money to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac at ( low ) rates not in accord with their risk .
This has allowed these companies to create and dominate a secondary market in mortgages .
They bought up mortgages originated by banks , packaged them up , and resold them as the kinds of mortgage - backed securities that Carlyle invested in .
How ironic that a company with so many ex-politicos in it might be dented a bit by another government - sponsored enterprise !
These securities have been turning sour because the mortgages in them are defaulting .
As a result , the yields on these debts are running 3 percent higher than Treasury bond yields , as compared with a more typical 1 percent .
And even that premium is not as high as other troubled mortgage - related debts .
What is this secondary market that Fannie Mae deals in ?
It ’s basically a used - item or resale market .
A secondary market is a market in which buyers and sellers can trade an item , like a security , after it has been issued .
The used - car market is a secondary market .
So is the New York Stock Exchange .
If there is no such market or if the market is limited or thin , the security is said to be illiquid , which means that it cannot be sold or sold quickly in significant amounts at a price near to its previous price .
When a market is illiquid , there is good reason for it .
There may not be enough active buyers and sellers to warrant an exchange .
Such a market usually becomes a dealer market .
In the good old days , banks originated mortgages and then generally kept them in house , that is , retained their ownership .
They were illiquid loans .
The secondary market in home mortgages was very limited .
Some items have secondary markets and others do not .
There is no natural financial or economic law that says that every loan or security must have a secondary market , liquid or not .
A secondary market develops spontaneously if conditions and circumstances warrant it .
Otherwise , it does n’t .
Farmers used to write illiquid forward contracts to sell their corn production .
Later , the futures markets , which provided far more liquidity by standardizing the contract and by other risk - control methods , came to displace the older forward contracts .
Put and call markets used to operate as an illiquid dealer market and with ads in Barron ’s until the Chicago Board Options Exchange devised standard contracts .
On the other hand , there are thousands of bonds that are unstandardized and that have illiquid secondary markets .
Entrepreneurs devise secondary markets if it pays them to .
E - bay created or enhanced many secondary markets .
There is no need for government to foster or encourage secondary markets where none naturally exist or where they are illiquid .
In such cases , there is no secondary market because it does not pay to have one .
When the government steps in , as it did in 1938 when it created Fannie Mae , it does so to benefit some special interest groups .
The government draws resources into an uneconomic use and it undermines the primary market in various subtle ways .
This happened in the secondary mortgage market .
Banks used to hold mortgages and not resell them .
Fannie
Mae gave the banks a way to sell their mortgages .
Since Fannie
Mae borrowed at privileged rates , due to the implicit government guarantee , and bought mortgages from the banks , the banks benefited .
Bank capital is limited , and the amount of mortgages they can carry is therefore limited .
But if a bank can originate a mortgage and then sell it to Fannie Mae , then with the same capital it can increase the number of its mortgage originations .
Its profits go up .
Its incentive and capacity to push mortgage loans rises .
This distorts economic activity .
In the good old days when the banks both originated and held the mortgages , they faced several risks , and good bank management required that they manage these risks .
They generally borrowed short and lent long .
They borrowed by issuing short - term securities such as CDs .
They lent by making long - term mortgage loans .
The short - term interest rates they paid were usually lower than the long - term rates they received .
A liquidity problem arises when the short - term rates exceed the long - term rates .
Another problem arises when the long - term rates go up , as this reduces the value of the mortgages .
Usually when short - term and long - term interest rates rise , the short - term rate rises more than the long - term rate , and the bank ’s position deteriorates .
When mortgage loans were illiquid , the bank had to be careful to maintain alternative sources of funds in case interest rates rose .
It had to be careful in managing its mortgage and loan portfolio so that they were diversified .
It could not concentrate too heavily in one type of loan , one maturity of loan , or one borrower .
The bank also had to maintain the quality of its mortgages , because if interest rate rises were associated with hard times or brought on hard times , then its bad mortgage loans might rise .
The bankers managed these risks partly by knowing their customers .
The three C’s of credit were Character , Credit , and Capital .
The bank looked into the borrower ’s past history , how much credit he could handle , and what his other assets were .
The loan officer ’s own reputation and prospects of rising within the bank through promotion depended on his being careful in making the loans .
In recent years , the three C ’s became a joke .
Banks made loans on no character , no credit , and no capital .
Why not ?
They sold these loans to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , or to some other intermediaries who then repackaged them into pools ( called securitization ) and resold them to other investors .
These included all sorts of institutions including large banks overseas .
The secondary market , combined with the innovations in securitization and the ready pools of money seeking high yields in a low - yield environment , altered the incentive structure in mortgage origination .
Mortgage lenders no longer cared as much to whom they lent ; and the guidelines for how much they loaned deteriorated .
The stocks of a heap of banks and mortgage companies are now falling in price drastically , the main reason being that they are holding bad loans .
Washington Mutual ( WM ) , a bank known for its mortgage loans in overheated markets in California and Florida , is down to $ 11 from $ 47 .
Citibank ( C ) is down to $ 21 from $ 55 .
They , not I or you or the taxpayer , made these bad loans , and they ( and their suppliers of capital ) should suffer the consequences .
If those who took the loans walk away , and that is their choice , so be it .
If the lenders have to deal with the costs of foreclosures , that is how it should be .
Why should you or I bail them out ?
If we do , they will give us a repeat performance ( this is called moral hazard ) .
I ’m hoping to see the bankruptcies roll along unimpeded , but realistically what I expect is a roll call of political rhetoric , name - calling , blame - placing , and misguided government attempts to halt the truth of the ticker tape , which is that the boom is over and its excesses are now being liquidated .
So I have to take what little enjoyment I can get from watching the stocks of these enterprises collapse .
A good , solid , scary bear market that chastens all concerned is just what we need , that is , if it were allowed to provide its salutary effect , which it wo n’t .
Many more people need to be taught many lessons .
Among our influential leaders , I see no evidence of any truth - telling .
Was there ever ?
I seem to remember at least occasional flashes of truth emanating from an occasional Senator or Representative or novelist or artist .
But in recent years , there is not even the smallest sign from any of the rich and powerful who command the nation and the airwaves that they are prepared to lay aside their demoniacal control over this country .
There are two Americas : the official America of endless b.s. , and the real America glimpsed in the unhampered and uninhibited writings beneath the surface in the blogosphere .
I do see hopeful signs of light in the blogosphere .
I will keep my computer running while I continue to make sure that my Mute button works on other media so that I can tune out the waterfall of official baloney that such bankruptcies or a grinding bear market will elicit .
The rich and powerful cannot halt a bear market or all its ramifications .
But , sad to say , they know how to use it to their advantage in order to propagandize and solidify still further their grip on the lives of Americans .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
I know many stories on here are going to be related in one way or another to either this blog or AltSciFi going forward , as well as my work at Splashpress Media , and one of the things I am dealing with right now is getting links to AltSciFi , my new science fiction related blog that is part of Mark ’s Group Platform .
One thing that really helps blogs when they are just starting out is getting a few links , and the best ones are from sites of a similar niche .
One way you can go about getting such links is to create what I can pillar articles .
Pillar articles are the best of the best that you can come up with , and there is no reason , when starting out a blog that you should come up short when thinking up pillar articles .
If you ca n’t think of at least three ideas for such articles , you are probably not in the right niche .
Once you create a few articles , including your pillar article (s ) , e-mail a few bloggers that run blogs in similar niches .
You can find these bloggers by doing some keyword searches in relation to the niche or topics your blog will cover .
Let those other bloggers know about your new blog , let them know about your pillar article , and ask them their thoughts .
Sometimes you will just get a comment on the post , sometimes you wo n’t get any response , and other times you will get a link from their site to your own .
That link might be part of a story roundup , standalone article , or even in their sidebar , but it really does n’t matter .
Search engines and services like Technorati will count that link , and your site will look better and better to all those services and search engines , and slowly it will help drive traffic to your new blog .
Create amazing content , network with great people , and promote your content .
There is no better secret to building your blog .
Dear Miss Behavin ’ : Recently I was under a potential evacuation order due to a fire nearby .
Luckily , I did n’t have to evacuate , but it made me realize I was n’t at all prepared to evacuate with my cat .
What should I know about having to leave quickly with my pet ?
The first thing to do is to make sure your cat ...
San Francisco - A team including the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , Princeton University , and other researchers have found a major security flaw in several popular disk encryption technologies that leaves encrypted data vulnerable to attack and exposure .
" People trust encryption to protect sensitive data when their computer is out of their immediate control , " said EFF Staff Technologist Seth Schoen , a member of the research team .
" But this new class of vulnerabilities shows it is not a sure thing .
Whether your laptop is stolen , or you simply lose track of it for a few minutes at airport security , the information inside can still be read by a clever attacker . "
The researchers cracked several widely used disk encryption technologies , including Microsoft 's BitLocker , Apple 's FileVault , TrueCrypt , and dm- crypt .
These " secure " disk encryption systems are supposed to protect sensitive information if a computer is stolen or otherwise accessed .
However , in a paper and video published on the Internet today , the researchers show that data is vulnerable because encryption keys and passwords stored in a computer 's temporary memory -- or RAM -- do not disappear immediately after losing power .
" These types of attacks were often thought to be in the realm of the NSA , " said Jacob Appelbaum , an independent computer security researcher and member of the research team .
" But we discovered that on most computers , even without power applied for several seconds , data stored in RAM seemed to remain when power was reapplied , We then wrote programs to collect the contents of memory after the computers were rebooted . "
Laptops are particularly vulnerable to this attack , especially when they are turned on but locked , or in a " sleep " or " hibernation " mode entered when the laptop 's cover is shut .
Even though the machines require a password to unlock the screen , the encryption keys are already located in the RAM , which provides an opportunity for attackers with malicious intent .
The research released today shows that these attacks are likely to be effective against many other disk encryption systems because these technologies have many architectural features in common .
Servers with encrypted hard drives are also vulnerable .
" We 've broken disk encryption products in exactly the case when they seem to be most important these days : laptops that contain sensitive corporate data or personal information about business customers , " said J. Alex Halderman , a Ph.D. candidate in Princeton 's computer science department .
" Unlike many security problems , this is n't a minor flaw ; it is a fundamental limitation in the way these systems were designed . "
In addition to Schoen , Appelbaum , and Halderman , the research team included William Paul of Wind River Systems , and Princeton graduate students Nadia Heninger , William Clarkson , Joseph Calandrino , Ariel Feldman as well as Princeton Professor Edward Felten , the director of the Center for Information Technology Policy and a member of EFF 's Board of Directors .
The researchers have submitted the paper for publication and it is currently undergoing review .
In the meantime , the researchers have contacted the developers of BitLocker , which is included in some versions of Windows Vista , Apple 's FileVault , and the open source TrueCrypt and dm- crypt products , to make them aware of the vulnerability .
One effective countermeasure is to turn a computer off entirely , though in some cases even this does not provide protection .
For the full paper " Lest We Remember : Cold Boot Attacks on Encryption Keys , " a demonstration video , and other background information :
http://citp.princeton.edu/memory/
Contacts :
Seth Schoen
Staff Technologist
Electronic Frontier Foundation
seth@eff.org
Jacob Appelbaum
Computer Security Researcher
jacob@appelbaum.net
J. Alex Halderman
Princeton University
jhalderm@cs.princeton.edu
I just got a private first - look at the new Izea system ( PayPerPost ) from Ted Murphy himself at his Postiecon event ( where I ’m speaking shortly , full disclosure ) .
I was asked not to print the entire press release , so here ’s what I can tell you .
It ’s called SocialSpark ( which now forwards to PayPerPost.com so do n’t bother looking ) .
Click image for bigger version .
What Is SocialSpark ?
So what is it ?
Well , it ’s a “ social network ” for advertisers and publishers ( bloggers ) .
Wait , wait , wait …
Who wants another social network , right ?
I do n’t either , and that ’s what I said to Ted.
SocialSpark is different .
From what I can see , you do n’t join to make friends … you join to meet advertisers .
So it ’s essentially a matchmaking network for the blogger and the advertisers .
I guess a super , fancy marketplace , no ?
That was my first impression .
Now , you ’re in the network , and you put their code in your blog and now advertisers ( who are also in the network ) can browse your blogs and pitch you on advertising their goods / services .
They can name a price , and you can decide to accept it or not .
The ads are in the form of pop-up , layered interstitials , and “ paid to post ” blog entries .
Whoa !
It ’s just like PayPerPost , lame , right ?
That ’s what I said .
It ’s not .
A few things Ted told me .
1. Every link in your post is nofollow .
2 . You are required to put a disclosure badge … in the post … or you do n’t get paid .
An Alexa Killer ?
On another note , Ted showed me something called “ realrank ” .
Which is essentially the stats your blog gets in the network that can be seen by anyone else in the network .
I took this as something like an Alexa ranking .
Ted said bloggers in the network will eventually have little traffic widgets they can put on their blog to “ show off ” their realrank .
An Alexa killer that we all finally wanted ?
Maybe .
Open Source
Looks like third - party developers will have access to an api to do with what they want , which can only be a good thing ?
What Will Happen To PayPerPost ?
Will It Die ?
I asked Ted frankly if PayPerPost is going to die and fade away , and he would not commit to that .
However , it ’s my opinion that that is his intent down the road .
He used the negative press for a year to drive the company ’s growth , then smartly changed the name to Izea , and is now launching a new brand under the umbrella .
I see no reason why PayPerPost will live on , do you ?
Summary
I ’m trying to think of reasons why SocialSpark will suck , but I ca n’t yet .
I mean , I ’m really trying to shoot the business model down but so far all of my red flags are gone .
Of course , we ’ll have to wait to see it in live action to judge it , and I know the bloggers will . :)
Ted said it does n’t go live until Jan , 2008 .
Unfortunately , some of the martial arts you 've fantasized about do n't even exist in the real world .
Why ?
Because they 're too awesome .
For instance :
Every male , at some point in their life , has watched some kung fu badass beat up a room full of bad guys and said , " I want to learn that ! "
Gun Kata ( Equilibrium )
This incredibly kick - ass way to kick ass with a dumb-ass name ( that 's three asses ! ) first appeared in the movie Equilibrium where Christian Bale uses it to kill pretty much everyone .
From there it 's shown up in way too many , ridiculously awful fan videos , and a few that are surprisingly cool , inspired some genuine martial artists to do their own choreographed performances of the style , and depending on which rabid fanboys you talk to , may or may not have appeared in director Kurt Wimmer 's spiritual sequel / suckfest Ultraviolet .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
According to the movie :
" Through analysis of thousands of recorded gunfights , the Cleric has determined that the geometric distribution of antagonists in any gun battle is a statistically - predictable element .
The Gun Kata treats the gun as a total weapon , each fluid position representing a maximum kill zone , inflicting maximum damage on the maximum number of opponents , while keeping the defender clear of the statistically - traditional trajectories of return fire .
By the rote mastery of this art , your firing efficiency will rise by no less than 120 percent . "
Allow us to translate :
" Treats the gun as a total weapon . "
You can shoot people with your gun and pistol whip them with it .
" Maximum kill zone / damage / number of opponents . "
You shoot a lot of people .
" Keeps the defender clear . "
Nobody can touch you .
" Rote mastery of this art . "
It works entirely on the principle of cool poses .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
See it in action :
Allow us to repeat that last part : this martial art works by cool poses .
Seriously .
But would it actually work ?
In the vast majority of cases where people survive gun fights ( note the avoidance of the word " win " ) they do so not by dodging shots but by taking cover .
The concept of " statistically - traditional trajectories of return fire " is laughable .
That said ...
There are quite a few martial artists out there who 've created something like the gun kata , including former ILF fighter M.A. Sotelo 's Juu Kun Do .
Or check out this actual karate class , where they 're learning the technique .
It 's best not to show up on live ammo day .
News in Science
Why bad smells make you gag
Smells so irritating they make you cough or gag may act on a single type of cell in the nose that senses caustic chemicals and warns the brain of potential danger , US researchers say .
Scientists thought such smells acted directly on nerve endings in the nose .
But this study in mice suggests special cells in the tip of the nose act as air quality control sensors that protect the body from harmful chemicals .
" You can imagine walking into an environment where there is a lot of irritating dust in the area .
This would give you pause , " says Professor Thomas Finger of the University of Colorado Denver , whose study appears in the Journal of Neurophysiology .
Finger says these chemosensory cells are found in most aquatic vertebrates , including sharks , bony fish and lampreys .
He thinks they are part of an ancient sensory system and they are probably present in all mammals .
" The current study is the first in mammals that has a clear idea of what these cells are responding to , " Finger says .
" Some fish use them to detect predators . "
In people , the cells probably trigger a response to high concentrations of irritating chemicals .
Ammonia , paint thinner or even the spray from opening a carbonated soft drink can set off the alarm .
" That is the carbon dioxide triggering that little gasping response , " Finger says .
Takes your breath away
University of Colorado Denver researcher Professor Diego Restrepo , who also worked on the study , says high concentrations of irritants can even trigger a reflex that causes you to stop breathing for a few moments .
" This is one of these really hard - wired reflexes .
It gives you time to get out , " Restrepo says .
The researchers used nasal tissue from mice to measure changes in chemosensory cells as they exposed them to low and high levels of several irritating , volatile chemical odours .
They saw evidence that the cells not only responded to the stimuli but that they were relaying that information to nerve fibres in the nose .
Danger signal
They say it takes more than a mere whiff of an offending odour to trigger the response .
Restrepo says only potentially dangerous levels of odours can set off the protective gagging - and - coughing response .
" There are some people who are especially sensitive to these irritants .
This could have implications for their treatment , " Restrepo says .
The study was funded by the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders , part of the US National Institutes of Health .
Mr Clegg said the chancellor had " over - egged " his achievements
Nick Clegg
He also said the government would get " nowhere near " meeting its child poverty targets .
Mr Clegg claimed increases to winter fuel allowances for the elderly were one - offs and accused Mr Darling of " playing with " people 's hopes .
The chancellor had " over - egged " any " good news " , he added .
' Ventriloquism '
In his speech to the Commons , Mr Clegg ridiculed the government 's claim that this was a " green " Budget .
He said Mr Darling was using environmental taxes - such as reforms to vehicle exercise duty to penalise the highest polluters - to take more from " the kitty of the lowest earners " .
This is a meagre , tinkering Budget which gives precious little help to the poor but maintains special treatment to the rich
Nick Clegg
Lib Dem leader
He also described Mr Darling 's plan to impose charges on non-domiciled workers who remain in the UK for more than seven years as a " flea bite " .
Mr Clegg said Prime Minister Gordon Brown , himself chancellor until last year , was driving economic policy , calling the Budget an " act of political ventriloquism " .
He told MPs : " This was an opportunity to give whatever help possible to the millions of hard - pressed families who are feeling the pinch , whose money is simply not stretching as far as it once did .
" But that 's not the Budget that the chancellor has delivered .
" This is a meagre , tinkering Budget which gives precious little help to the poor but maintains special treatment to the rich - a Budget designed to fill a black hole masquerading as good for the environment .
" A Budget which will not make Britain fairer .
A Budget that is a green cop out . "
Bicyclists were twice as likely as drivers to be at fault in the nearly 2,000 collisions that killed or severely injured Bay Area bike riders in the past decade , an analysis by The Chronicle shows .
Bicycle and safety advocates say the deaths two weeks ago of two cyclists hit by a Santa Clara sheriff 's deputy 's cruiser should serve as a call to improve relations between cars and bikes on the roadways .
The advocates say large numbers of cyclists fail to follow the rules of the road , running stop signs and red lights , and drivers are becoming more aggressive .
" There is a juggernaut out there - the tension between the cyclists and the drivers is so high that it 's become a war , " said triathlon coach Marc Evans , who is starting a campaign to get the cycling community , drivers and motorcyclists to put more focus on avoiding deadly collisions on the roads .
The Chronicle 's analysis of the 33,000 Bay Area collisions involving bicyclists since 1997 shows that , in the most serious accidents , the driving behaviors of bicyclists often were blamed for the crashes .
Data collected by the California Highway Patrol show that bicyclists were deemed at fault in 1,165 , or nearly 60 percent , of the 1,997 accidents that killed or severely injured cyclists ; drivers were blamed only 520 times , or 26 percent .
In most other cases , no one was listed as being at fault .
Suspicion of bias
Bicycling advocates said the statistics might in part reflect a bias among police officers , who they say often " blame the victims , " especially because cyclists might not get to tell their side of the story as they are being carried off on stretchers .
" There is a prevalent perception among police officers that bikes do n't belong on the road , " said Leah Shahum , executive director of the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition .
Yet even the most staunch cycling advocates acknowledge that some cyclists give others a bad name by failing to obey traffic laws .
" When I see a rider run a red light , I cringe , " Shahum said .
" Not only is it totally unsafe , it makes me and all other cyclists look bad . "
As for drivers , the data suggest their behavior is getting worse by the year .
Serious crashes
The number of serious Bay Area crashes in which cyclists were at fault has hovered at about 100 per year for the past decade , but the number in which motorists were blamed has steadily risen - from 38 in 1997 to 61 in 2006 , the last full year for which data were available .
In addition , the number of accidents involving drivers hitting cyclists and then fleeing has spiked in recent years .
Hit - and - run drivers killed four cyclists and severely injured 26 others in 2006 - significantly more than any other year in the past decade .
" There seems to be a natural tension between bicyclists and motorists , " said Susan George , town manager of Woodside , who finds the streets in and around her hilly San Mateo County community swarming with cyclists , motorcycle riders , equestrians and drivers out for a good time on weekends and lunch hours .
Groups of dozens or even hundreds of bicyclists sometimes take over the roads , blowing through stoplights and disobeying signs , she said .
At the same time , some motorists retaliate aggressively , tailgating the bicyclists , honking at them and trying to force them off the road .
" The majority of cyclists obey the rules , and the motorists , too , but then you get these outlaws , " George said .
" It 's an ongoing battle , and in recent years the tensions have gotten worse . "
Berkeley police Sgt. Mary Kusmiss said that in the past two years , her department has noticed an increase in all types of road - rage incidents .
" We get about six calls a month of road - rage cases , of people getting into screaming matches or drivers getting out of their cars and throwing their arms up , " she said .
" It 's not just motorists and cyclists .
It can be motorists and pedestrians or motorists and motorists . "
Yelling at motorists
Kusmiss said the cases involving bikers can be exacerbated by the fact that in Berkeley , " some cyclists are very political about their cycling :
They yell at the motorists to ' Just stop driving . ' "
According to the data , when drivers were at fault in an accident , the most common type of violation cited was not giving cyclists the right of way .
For bike riders , unsafe speed was the most dangerous violation , followed by riding on the wrong side of the road .
Male cyclists were almost five times more likely to be killed or severely injured than women .
Fatalities and severe injury accidents affected all age groups , but riders in their 30s and 40s faired worse than others .
Most common fatalities were 48 - year - old males .
No one has suggested that cyclists Kristy Gough , 30 , of San Leandro and Matt Peterson , 29 , of San Francisco who were killed in the March 9 accident on Stevens Canyon Road in Cupertino , were at fault .
Evans , the triathlon coach who regularly trains riders in the hills of San Mateo County and was Gough 's coach , said it is often the serious athletic bikers who take the most risks .
He said he sees whole clubs of riders zipping through stop signs and failing to slow down .
" You get these guys who think they are Lance Armstrong or something , then they turn around and get themselves killed , " Evans said .
Armstrong raised awareness about his fight against cancer with his yellow arm bracelet , and Evans hopes to start a similar bracelet campaign to promote safety among bicyclists , drivers and pedestrians .
Black - and - red armband
Evans has made the prototype of a black - and - red armband that he hopes he and others can distribute to cyclists and motorists in exchange for their promise that they will obey all traffic safety rules .
George said she hopes Woodside can be a sponsor for the program .
" On the bracelets , the black is to signify our mourning for those who have been killed , and the red is to signify that you will obey all the traffic laws , " said Evans , who said he believes some of the tensions on the roadway arise out of motorists ' confusion about not knowing what bicyclists will do at an intersection .
" This is a huge , huge problem , and it is very out of control , " he said .
" What I want to do is influence cyclists , drivers and motorcyclists to obey the rules of the road . "
Readable s-expressions and sweet - expressions home page : Infix and fewer parentheses in Lisp - like languages
This page is obsolete ; see http://readable.sourceforge.net instead .
I 've used Lisp my whole programming life and I still do n't find prefix math expressions natural .
- Paul Graham
I have more faith that you could convince the world to use esperanto than [ to use ] prefix notation .
- Paul Prescod
Lisp has all the visual appeal of oatmeal with fingernail clippings mixed in .
- Larry Wall
After 13 years of doing Lisp and 3 or 4 years of Python , I agree : I prefer writing Lisp , but Python is easier to read .
- John Wiseman
LISP : ... mythically from ‘ Lots of Irritating Superfluous Parentheses ’ Jargon File
[ If only ] we could find characters or signs suited for expressing all our thoughts as clearly and as exactly as arithmetic expresses numbers ... - Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz , 1677 .
" A language should be designed in terms of an abstract syntax and it should have perhaps , several forms of concrete syntax : one which is easy to write and maybe quite abbreviated ; another which is good to look at and maybe quite fancy ... and another , which is easy to make computers manipulate ... all should be based on the same abstract syntax ... the abstract syntax is what the theoreticians will use and one or more of the concrete syntaxes is what the practitioners will use .
John McCarthy , creator of Lisp
The Problem
Many people find Lisp s-expressions hard to read as a programming notation .
I 've developed Lisp programs for decades , and though I can read s-expressions well , I remain dissatisfied with their syntactic limitations .
Others , including Lisp luminary Paul Graham , feel the same way .
( Tim Bray loves Clojure , but not its syntax . )
Yet s-expressions have a lot of benefits to them , and it turns out to be very hard to design a more readable notation that retains all the benefits of s-expressions .
But I believe it is possible - so let 's try !
This web page identifies some ways to extend / modify s-expressions so they can be more readable without losing their power ( such as homoiconicity , generality , macros , quasiquoting , and easily - manipulated program fragments ) .
A vast number of projects have tried to create " a more readable Lisp notation " and failed , including M-expressions , IACL2 , and Dylan .
In hindsight , it 's clear that they failed because they did n't have some key advantages of S - expressions , in particular , that they are generic ( they do not depend on some underlying semantic ) and homoiconic ( the underlying data structure is clear from the syntax ) .
Since these old " readable Lisp " syntaxes were n't generic or homoiconic , they could not handle semantic change and metaprogramming - yet those are some of the very reasons someone would use a Lisp !
Now that we know why those efforts failed , we can avoid their mistakes .
My goal is to spur work to create one or more readable , general - purpose , homoiconic notations for s-expressions that do a good job representing programs .
A good way to measure that is to see that it should be easy to translate back and forth between arbitrary S- expressions and this other notation ( by computer and in people ’s heads ) .
If you are unwilling to consider that there might be a better approach , read my retort / rebuttal that Lisp can be readable .
If you 're still unwilling to consider alternatives , stop reading .
But if you 're interested in developing a better way , keep reading .
After all , the quote operator ' did not fall from the sky - it was not in the original Lisps , and was added because that construct was so common that it was worth creating an abbreviation .
We 're just adding new abbreviations .
On this page , I explain how to get involved , present my 3 - layer approach ( curly infix , modern - expressions , and sweet - expressions ) , and point to others ' approaches to the problem .
How to discuss solutions
Interested ?
Please join the readable - discuss mailing list of SourceForge project " readable " .
This project exists to discuss options for taming s-expressions , and then develop and distribute open source software to implement those ideas .
See the mail - archive archives of the readable Lisp archive to see what we 've discussed so far .
Curly Infix , Modern - expressions , and Sweet - expressions
I 've developed a 3 - layer approach to making Lisp more readable , which is all based on creating simple abbreviations that work on any S - expression :
Curly infix :
Any expression surrounded by {...} is merely an abbreviation for an infix expression .
So {n <= 2} maps to ( <= n 2 ) , { 2 * 3 * 4} maps to (* 2 3 4 ) , and { 2 + { 3 * 4}} maps to (+ 2 (* 3 4 ) ) .
By intent there is no precedence and embedded infix expressions must use another {...}. Modern - expressions :
This takes curly infix , and adds special meanings to the prefixed grouping symbols ( ) , [ ] , and {} .
Thus , f ( 1 2 ) maps to ( f 1 2 ) .
Sweet - expressions : Includes modern - expressions , and adds the idea that indentation is meaningful ( like Python , Haskell , and many other languages ) .
All of these can be used in any Lisp - like language ( Common Lisp , Scheme , Emacs Lisp , ACL2 , BitC , CLIPS , etc. ) .
Curly - infix is 100 % compatible with existing code ; modern - expressions and sweet - expressions are 100 % compatible with well - formatted code .
Sweet - Expression Examples
( Ugly ) S-expression Sweet - expression 0.2 ( define ( fibfast n ) ( if ( < n 2 ) n ( fibup n 2 1 0 ) ) ) define fibfast ( n ) ; Typical function notation if {n < 2} ; Indentation , infix {...} n ; Single expr = no new list fibup(n 2 1 0 ) ; Simple function calls ( define ( fibup max count n - 1 n - 2 ) ( if ( = max count ) (+ n - 1 n - 2 ) ( fibup max (+ count 1 ) (+ n - 1 n - 2 ) n - 1 ) ) ) define fibup ( max count n - 1 n - 2 ) if {max = count} { n - 1 + n - 2} fibup max {count +
1} {n - 1 + n - 2} n -1 ( define ( factorial n ) ( if ( <= n 1 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) define factorial ( n ) if {n <= 1} 1 {n * factorial{n - 1}} ; f{...} => f( {...} )
Note that you can use traditional math notation for functions ; fibfast ( n ) maps to ( fibfast n ) .
Infix processing is marked with {...} ; {n <= 2} maps to ( <= n 2 ) , and f{n * 2} maps to ( f (* n 2 ) ) .
Indentation is significant , unless disabled by (... ) , [... ] , or {...}.
This example uses variable names with embedded " - " characters ; that 's not a problem , because the infix operators must be surrounded by whitespace and are only used when {...} requests them .
It 's actually quite common to have a function call pass one parameter , where the parameter is calculated using infix notation .
Thus , there 's a rule to simplify this common case ( the prefix {} rule ) .
So factorial{n - 1} maps to factorial ( {n - 1} ) which maps to ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) .
Credit where credit is due :
The Fibonacci number code is loosely based on an example by Hanson Char .
It 's a joy to use at the command line ; with sweet - expressions , you can type in simple - to - read expressions and have the system immediately respond .
More information about Sweet - expressions
Interested ?
You can get :
Tutorial on Sweet - expressions : A readable format for Lisp - like languages gives a brief tutorial , and it focuses on actually trying out the demo code that implements this idea .
You do n't need to know much about Lisp - like languages ; if you know how to program you should be able to follow along ( though Lisp knowledge helps ) .
Sweet - expressions : A readable format for Lisp - like languages is more in - depth , explaining the rules and why .
It assumes you know something about Lisp - like languages .
From the SourceForge page ( noted above ) you can download implementations .
There 's a production - ready Common Lisp implementation of curly infix , and a reasonably complete ( though work is still ongoing ) Scheme implementation of Sweet - expressions .
Analysis of alternatives
If you want even more detail , look here :
The Sweet - expressions version 0.2 page shows examples and experimentation that led to sweet - expressions version 0.2 , including the split into three layers and removing automatic determination of infix operators .
The latter was a surprise ; I thought automatically determining infix would be a big advantage , but the experiments suggested otherwise .
It shows sweet - expressions using samples of many different Lisp - based languages - this shows that sweet - expressions are not tied to a particular semantic .
different Lisp - based languages - this shows that sweet - expressions are tied to a particular semantic .
My older paper " Readable s-expressions and sweet - expressions : Getting the infix fix and fewer parentheses in Lisp - like languages " has lots more information .
It 's the original paper I used to identify and discuss various ways to make s-expressions to read .
It identifies three approaches that seem particularly promising : indentation , name - prefixing ( so func( x y ) is the same as ( func x y ) ) , and infix support .
In the process of creating sweet - expressions , I went through many alternatives , and wrote down in this paper what I learned as I went .
It turns out that many people have tried to solve this problem but foundered ; I think by learning from their problems I 've got a better mousetrap .
You may find my thoughts helpful !
This resulted in the development of sweet - expressions version 0.1 .
Implementation approaches
I want to have final sweet - expression readers that work on Scheme , Common Lisp , emacs Lisp , and ACL2 at least , without having to implement it multiple times .
Scheme is in some ways the most strict of the these , e.g. , it 's picky about the meaning of a boolean value , what is at the end of a list , and the legal names of parameters .
Thus , I 've been implementing sweet - expressions in a small subset of " easily translatable " Scheme , so that it can eventually be auto - translated to other Lisps .
( It 's easier to translate from more - picky Scheme to others than vice - versa . )
ACL2 has a very short list of built-ins , which are similar to Scheme 's , so this seems plausible .
Perhaps I could use Dorai Sitaram 's Scmxlate Scheme translate tool ( LGPL license ) so that I could write a single implementation and have it be useful in Common Lisp ( CL ) and ACL2 as well .
The final program will be so small that a specialized program to do the translation might be enough .
One nastiness about this technique :
In Scheme , recursion is how you do everything .
In Common Lisp , tail recursion is n't guaranteed .
However , tail recursion is a very common optimization in simple cases , e.g. , where a function tail recurses into itself .
In ACL2 , mutually - recursive functions have to be declared , which is annoying - but they can occur .
In fact , ACL2's only iteration technique is recursion .
Emacs lisp does n't optimize tail recursion at all , but since code does n't require a deep stack that should be okay .
Scheme for Common Lispers discusses differences between Scheme and CL , as does the Wikipedia article on Common Lisp .
Here 's a convenient table of Common Lisp / Scheme function " equivalences " .
DrACuLa combines ACL2 with DrScheme , and this page discusses combining ACL2 with DrScheme ( basically , ACL2 builds on just a few primitives , so DrScheme just implemented those and ACL2 showed up ! ) .
Ideally , an implementation should go both ways ( translate text to S- expressions , and pretty - print S- expressions as indented with infix format ) .
It should be absolutely rock - solid ( maybe even proved ) .
It should also provide a " check for change " tool , e.g. , read in some text using the ' regular ' read and the indented , and make sure there 's no change .
Why am I bothering ?
I 'm very interested in improving the security and safety of programs .
Doing that well requires good program analysis tools .
S-expressions have proven themselves , over many decades , to be a very good tool for creating programs to transform or analyze programs ( or other symbolic systems ) .
Many proving tools such as ACL2 and PVS are based on s-expressions , as well as existing computer alegebra tools like Axiom and Maxima .
Sadly , traditional s-expressions are nearly unreadable to most people , making them difficult to use , and a notoriously poor way to communicate with a wider world .
Its inability to properly support infix notation directly - a basic starting point for symbolic manipulation of mathematics - is laughable in the 2000s .
By having a readable notation for s-expressions , I hope to be able to spur on better abilities for programs that analyze programs ... resulting ( perhaps ) in more secure and safe programs .
Besides , I 'm drawn like a moth to the flame of " impossible " problems .
For more proof of this character flaw , see my trusting trust web page .
Other resources
There are many programs available to aid s-expression readability ;
You can use the Subversion SCM tool to quickly extract the latest versions of the whole set .
This README ( local copy ) explains more .
Other files on this web page that can improve s-expression readability are here :
gloria - infix.lisp - an infix macro for Common Lisp , MIT license gloria - infixdemo.lisp - demo of above iformat.cl - an I - expression formatter in Common Lisp sugar- original.scm - Original Scheme implementation of I - expressions , from SRFI - 40 .
sugar.scm - Scheme implementation of I - expressions , modified from SRFI - 49 .
Other web pages that might be of interest include :
To use this , of course you 'll need a Lisp implementation .
The Road To Lisp comments on some implementations .
Common Lisp Implementations is a great comparison of Common Lisp implementations .
Other sources of information on Lisp include Practical Common Lisp by Peter Seibel ( here 's Practical Common Lisp ( video of Peter Seibel ) ) and Paul Graham 's Lisp page .
Humility about Lisp is good , though .
There 's probably room for a few different approaches , but in the end , I hope there will be a short list of useful approaches and freely - available tools to make Lisp - like systems easier to use .
You can view the readable - discuss mailing list or my home page .
Rachel 's Democracy & Health News SIERRA CLUB REMOVES LEADERSHIP
OF ITS FLORIDA CHAPTER [ Rachel 's introduction :
The national board of the Sierra Club has removed the leadership of its Florida Chapter , which was highly critical of the board 's decision to lend its name and logo to the Clorox Company 's marketing campaign for a new line of cleaning products . ]
By Peter Montague [ 1 ]
The Sierra Club 's national board Rachel 's Democracy & Health News [ Printer - friendly version ] March 27 , 2008 [ Rachel 's introduction :
The national board of the Sierra Club has removed the leadership of its Florida Chapter , which was highly critical of the board 's decision to lend its name and logo to the Clorox Company 's marketing campaign for a new line of cleaning products . ]
By Peter Montague [ 1 ]
The Sierra Club 's national board voted March 25 to remove the leaders of the Club 's 35,000 - member Florida chapter , and to suspend the Chapter for four years .
It was the first time in the Club 's 116 - year history that such action has been taken against a state Chapter .
The leadership of the Florida Chapter had been highly critical of the national board 's decision in mid-December 2007 to allow The Clorox Company to use the Sierra Club 's name and logo to market a new line of non-chlorinated cleaning products called " Green Works . "
In return , Clorox Company will pay Sierra Club an undisclosed fee , based partly on product sales .
The Clorox Company logo will appear on the products as well .
A 2004 report by the U.S. Public Interest Research Group Education Fund named The Clorox Company as one of the nation 's most chemically dangerous .
The Clorox deal has angered and embittered Club members all across the country , not just in Florida .
Since the deal was announced in January , 2008 , the Club 's national leadership has deflected many requests by Club members to see the text of the legal agreement signed with Clorox .
Johanna O'Kelley , the Club 's director of Licensing & Cause - Related Marketing , will say only that the amount of money involved is " substantial . "
Carl Pope , the Club 's executive director , has said that money was not the driving factor behind the deal : " Our focus was on consumers who otherwise would not migrate to a safer product because they would n't be sure it was n't green scamming , " Mr. Pope has written .
The idea is that the Clorox logo will convince people the products will work , and the Sierra Club logo will convince people the products are environmentally preferable .
Third parties are already benefiting from the deal .
John Ulrich , who heads the Chemical Industry Council of California , claims broadly that , " the chemical industry is moving toward developing and marketing safer , more eco-friendly products , pointing to Oakland - based Clorox Co. 's new line of ' green ' cleaning products that have been endorsed by the Sierra Club , " according to a recent news report .
As he spoke , Mr. Ulrich was using the Sierra Club - Clorox deal to try to deflect attention away from a new report showing that the chemical industry sickens and kills thousands of Californians each year , costing the state an estimated $ 2.6 billion in medical expenses and lost wages .
With 2007 revenues of $ 4.8 billion , The Clorox Company is best - known for its namesake chlorine bleach .
The company also manufactures and sells other cleaning products , including Pine - Sol , Clorox Clean - Up , Formula 409 , Liquid Plumr , Armor All , plus STP auto - care products , Fresh Step and Scoop Away cat litter , Kingsford charcoal , Hidden Valley and K C Masterpiece salad dressings and sauces , Brita water - filtration systems , and Glad bags , wraps and containers .
With 7,800 employees worldwide , the company manufactures products in more than two dozen countries [ 2 ] and markets them in more than 100 countries .
In its most recent 10 - K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Clorox acknowledges , " The Company is currently involved in or has potential liability with respect to the remediation of past contamination in the operation of some of its currently and formerly owned and leased facilities .
In addition , some of its present and former facilities have been or had been in operation for many years and , over that time , some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be considered hazardous . "
And : " The Company handles and / or transports hazardous substances , including but not limited to chlorine , at its plant sites , including the rail transit of liquid chlorine from its point of origin to our manufacturing facilities .
A release of such chemicals , whether in transit or at our facilities , due to accident or an intentional act , could result in substantial liability . "
The Clorox Company seems an especially unlikely partner for Sierra Club because many environmental organizations in the U.S. , including many members of the Sierra Club , have been working to eliminate chlorine chemistry for the past 15 years .
Supporters of the deal point out that it is a step toward that goal .
Critics are asking who 's next for partnerships ?
DuPont ?
Dow ?
Monsanto ?
According to postings on the Club's " Clubhouse " web site , ( 1 ) the Club 's Corporate Relations Committee examined the proposed deal with Clorox and rejected it , but was overridden by the national board of directors ; ( 2 ) The Club's Toxics Committee was not consulted before the deal was signed ; ( 3 ) The Club 's Corporate Financial Acceptance Policy says , in part , " The Club will not endorse products . "
Among grass - roots Club members , the process for making the decision , as much as the decision itself , is cause for anger and dismay .
The Club has 1.3 million dues - paying members , many of who are active volunteers in their local communities .
Volunteers and paid national staff sometimes have different perspectives on what 's most important to the Club .
When grass - roots members pointed out that Clorox was fined $ 95,000 for violating U.S. pesticide laws just as the deal with the Club was being brokered , staffer Johanna O'Kelley dismissed Clorox 's culpability , saying their violation was " a technicality . "
According to a report in the Palm Beach , Florida , Post newspaper , " Many past and present chapter leaders have declined to speak publicly about the dispute , with some saying they fear punishment from the national organization .
In a recent letter , the club instructed leaders not to ' seek public media coverage of this internal board decision . ' "
On the Club's " Clubhouse " web site , several Club members have called for a full national membership referendum on the Clorox deal , but so far the national staff in San Francisco has not adopted that suggestion .
============== [ 1 ]
Disclosure : Peter Montague is a member of the Sierra Club . [ 2 ]
In its 10 - K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission dated June 30 , 2007 , The Clorox Company listed these subsidiaries : 1221 Olux , LLC Delaware ; A & M Products Manufacturing Company Delaware ; Andover Properties , Inc. Delaware ; The Armor All / STP Products Company Delaware ; BGP Switzerland S. a. r. l. Switzerland ; Brita Canada Corporation Nova Scotia ; Brita Canada Holdings Corporation Nova Scotia ; Brita GP Ontario ; Brita LP Ontario ; Brita Manufacturing Company Delaware ; The Brita Products Company Delaware ; Chesapeake Assurance Limited Hawaii ; Clorox Africa ( Holdings ) Pty. Ltd. South Africa ; Clorox Africa Pty. Ltd. South Africa ; Clorox Argentina S.A. Argentina ; Clorox Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia ; Clorox ( Barbados ) Inc. Barbados ; Clorox Brazil Holdings LLC Delaware ; Clorox do Brasil Ltda .
Brazil ; Clorox Car Care Limited United Kingdom ; Clorox ( Cayman Islands ) Ltd. Cayman Islands ; Clorox de Centro America , S.A. Costa Rica ; Clorox Chile S.A. Chile ; Clorox China ( Guangzhou ) Ltd. Guangzhou , P.R.C. ; Clorox de Colombia S.A. Colombia ; Clorox Commercial Company Delaware ; The Clorox Company of Canada Ltd. Canada ( Federal ) ; Clorox Diamond Production Company Delaware ; Clorox Dominicana , C. por A. Dominican Republic .
Priced at $ 30000 ( each ) , the 2 - foot tall Robotex AH could one day replace human soldiers on the battlefield .
This rugged multi-terrain robot comes equipped with two machine guns , capable of simultaneously firing 300 rounds per minute .
CG video after the break .
Click here for one more picture .
[ sources 1 | 2 ]
Akkari and the Akkari file ( also known as the Akkari Dossier 43 )
Spokesman Akkari showing the press a photo of " Mohammed as a pig " .
Actually it 's a photo from a French pig- calling competition
© Dansk Islamisk Trossamfund / © Danish Islamic Society
© Dansk Islamisk Trossamfund / © Danish Islamic Society
The Danish newspaper , Ekstra Bladet , has obtained a copy of the secret case file , which Islamisk Trossamfund ( Islamic Society of Denmark ) has distributed on their " road show " in the Middle East :
The imam and the unbelievers of Denmark ( the article links to all 43 pages in the booklet ) .
It turns out that the 12 drawings in Jyllands Posten were n't sufficiently bad - at least not to justify a trip to the Middle East - soto make sure their trip was n't a waste of money .
Danish Islamic
Society claim they have received these images in mail , but they refuse to tell Danish newspapers , who has received them - and they wo n't allow the newspapers to interview these people .
Danish Islamic Society has also failed to explain , why an entire country must be denigrated all over the Middle East because of 3 drawings mailed by a single person .
As long as Danish Islamic Society have failed to properly explain , where they have obtained these images , why these images were distributed in the entire Middle East - and exactly what the Danish Islamic Society were hoping to achieve - we must assume the images belong to Danish Islamic Society .
The irony is that in doing so the Muslims have done exactly what they accuse the non-Muslims of doing :
They have broken Muslim law by reproducing , publishing and distributing drawings of the prophet .
And they have managed to out - blaspheme the infidel Danes bythat arethan anything ever published in JyllandsPosten .
These fake cartoons have never appeared inDanish newspaper .
They would probably be illegal .
Only a lying imam , wanting to cause trouble , could think up such sick drawings .
The imams have not yet explained on their homepage , http://www.wakf.com/ , why they distributed these disgusting images - and what they were hoping to achieve .
© Dansk Islamisk Trossamfund / © Danish Islamic Society
There 's some evidence that the person who wrote this text is one , who has learned Arabic before he learned the Western alphabet : Revealed
Added :
The links on the newspaper 's article has been non-functioning for a few days ( some say because of overload ) , but they appear to work again .
If not , try this Danish page .
Alternatively you can see the images on this site instead : mysterier.org/politikk/ekstrabladet/hefte/
Added :
The false Mohammed drawings have appeared on BBC and al - Jazeera .
Video still : Imam Abu Bashar holding the Akkari file in Cairo : " This is one of the worst pictures can anyone ever imagine .
They imagine our prophet ( PBUH ) .
Hands of a man praying and a face of a pig " .
Added :
Added :
Added :
Added :
Added :
Added :
Note :
Mohammed as a pig was discussed on the " tour de imam " in Cairo ( see photo to the right ) .
You can see a video clip from Danish television at NeanderNews and Michelle Malkin .
Both of these sites also have a transcript of spokesman for The Danish Islamic Society , Ahmed Akkari , who refuses to answer why he presented the pig- photo in Cairo , when it was not produced in Denmark .
BBC apologizes for airing the false cartoon ( and wrongly attributing them to JyllandsPosten ) - but the apology is very hard to find on their site .
One of the false Mohammed drawings has been identified The so - called Akkari dossier is now available at WikiPedia .
Do n't forget to see the video about the false drawings : Taqiyya
The Akkari - dossier is now available in colour Presently this post has received 294 comments , which apparently exceeds some limit .
New comments are regrettably not displayed .
QR Code Link to This Post
Come on man , what 's wrong with you ?
Some kid could have found this stuff .
I wo n't lecture you about the general moral obligation to properly dispose of porn .
For a guy whose collection includes volumes 1 - 8 of " Deep Throat Grannies " , I doubt the term " moral obligation " is a part of your regular vocabulary .
I 'm sure you 're also the kind of guy who dumps his used motor oil down the sink .
Seriously though , do you want some kid finding this stuff , popping it into his Mouseketeers DVD player and seeing his nana taking on more cocks than she has holes ?
Yeah , I 'm sure that wo n't cause any latent problems as the kid grows up and tries to nurture normal relationships with women .
Anyway , I 'm a meat and potatoes kind of guy and this content is just a little too mature for my pallet .
If anyone is into this stuff and wants the DVDs , hit me up with an email .
Maybe one of you girls on a budget would like to pick up something thoughtful for your man ( Valentine ’s Day is just around the corner ) .
There 's something like 200 hours worth of ( mostly ) Granny porn here .
Oh , and if you look like Macaulay Culkin I 'll need to see some ID .
By the way , I 'm keeping one DVD called " Bangkok Boobarella " .
Hey , even we meat and potatoes guys occasionally want a little port - wine reduction .
Jeez , Grammy !
Say it ai n't so !
( Money Magazine ) --
Want to invest in a green industry that employs the latest technology , reduces U.S. oil consumption and is priced very attractively ?
Look no further than the railroads .
Laggards for decades after the 19th - century boom ended , they 're hot again .
" There was steady traffic growth until last year , and the trend looks good once the economy gets back up to speed , " says Kenneth Kremar , an economist who follows the railroad industry for consulting firm Global Insight .
Perhaps that 's why railroad stocks have largely escaped the battering that other sectors have taken so far this year .
Of course , their business could still be hurt temporarily if the economy deteriorates further .
But eventually , says Kremar , " we 'll see a pickup in demand , especially in the kinds of commodities railroads carry . "
Astute investors are climbing aboard .
Warren Buffett has been loading up on shares of Burlington Northern Santa Fe and was buying in January at prices only 13 % below current levels .
( News of his buying boosted the stock . )
At last count , he owned more than 18 % of the company .
The chief reason that the railroads ' long - term prospects look so good today is that they began upgrading their operations soon after the industry was largely deregulated in 1980 .
" The railroads finally had an incentive , as well as the cash flow , to reinvest , " says Robert E. Gallamore , a former Union Pacific executive and former director of the Transportation Center at Northwestern University .
Those investments took a while to pay off .
But the ultimate result , says Gallamore , has been a huge increase in productivity .
There are seven giant North American freight railroads , which handle 90 % of the continent 's traffic .
The two largest are Burlington Northern and Union Pacific , both of which are in the Sivy 70 .
Here are some of the specific trends that have contributed to the industry 's success and that are likely to continue to drive growth :
Technology is creating greater cost efficiencies .
Railroads have been merging , and these big systems can enjoy enormous cost efficiencies .
" The key is knowing where your cars are at all times , " explains Kremar .
Sophisticated software calculates the best way to put different cars together into trains .
And onboard electronics assess topography , track curvature , train length and weight to calculate the optimum speed for conserving fuel .
Overall , the Federal Railroad Administration calculates that productivity has more than doubled since 1990 .
Globalization and growth are providing a lot of new business .
Railroad capacity can be increased only slowly , while demand has been rising quickly .
That gives the industry some ability to raise rates .
In addition to domestic growth , booming imports from Asia and from NAFTA partners Canada and Mexico are contributing , and so is foreign demand for U.S. coal and grain .
The ethanol industry has also created a new source of business .
" Both the corn used to make ethanol and the finished product are most likely to be shipped by rail , " says Kremar .
Railroads are far more energy - efficient than their competition .
Locomotives today get 80 % more mileage from a gallon of diesel than they did in 1980 .
As a result , trains consume far less fuel than trucks do to move the same amount of freight .
That not only saves on costs , it reduces emissions of greenhouse gases .
In fact , the Environmental Protection Agency calculates that for distances of more than 1,000 miles , using trains rather than trucks alone reduces fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions by 65 % .
A second - half rebound
Railroads have seen a drop - off in shipments connected with home building and construction during the past few months , but most other business lines are solid .
And earnings held up fairly well last year .
Union Pacific ( UNP , Fortune 500 ) reported a small earnings increase for the fourth quarter and a 17 % rise for 2007 as a whole .
Some of that profit gain was attributable to stock repurchases .
UP expects some softness in the first half of 2008 , with a pickup in business in the second half .
For the year as a whole , earnings are expected to top $ 8 a share , a gain of more than 15 % compared with last year .
Based on those estimates , the shares are currently selling at a 15.1 price / earnings ratio .
Burlington Northern's ( BNI , Fortune 500 ) results have been less robust recently .
Although the company has bought back more than 14 million shares , both fourth - quarter and full - year earnings were just about flat .
Burlington has been cautious in its predictions for 2008 , but earnings are projected to grow more than 14 % annually over the next five years .
The shares trade at just under a 15 P/E .
Burlington has a record of more consistent management than Union Pacific does .
As a result , some analysts think Burlington has the better long - term prospects - an assessment with which Buffett seems to agree .
All platforms : Mozilla has just published the latest iteration of Firefox 3 , Beta 3 .
Intended for testers and early adopters who are willing to live on the edge , Firefox 3 has fewer memory issues than its predecessor , but most likely your most important extensions are n't yet compatible with it .
( Update : Here 's how to test Firefox 3 without disturbing your current installation and here 's how to force your extensions to work in the Firefox 3 Beta . )
Our previously posted Firefox 3 Beta 1 screenshot tour does n't include Beta 3 changes , but this in - depth review of Beta 3 does show off Firefox 3's newest look , buttons , dialogs , and features .
Update : Here 's a summary of the improvements over Beta 2 :
Risk - Free Firefox 3
If you 're itching to give the new Firefox 3 Beta 3 a test - drive but do n't want to muss up your …
Read more
One - click site info : Click the site favicon in the location bar to see who owns the site and to check if your connection is protected from eavesdropping .
Identity verification is prominently displayed and easier to understand .
When a site uses Extended Validation ( EV ) SSL certificates , the site favicon button will turn green and show the name of the company you 're connected to .
Click the site favicon in the location bar to see who owns the site and to check if your connection is protected from eavesdropping .
Identity verification is prominently displayed and easier to understand .
When a site uses Extended Validation ( EV ) SSL certificates , the site favicon button will turn green and show the name of the company you 're connected to .
Malware Protection : malware protection warns users when they arrive at sites which are known to install viruses , spyware , trojans or other malware .
malware protection warns users when they arrive at sites which are known to install viruses , spyware , trojans or other malware .
New Download Manager : the revised download manager makes it much easier to locate downloaded files , and you can see and search on the name of the website where a file came from .
Your active downloads and time remaining are always shown in the status bar as your files download .
the revised download manager makes it much easier to locate downloaded files , and you can see and search on the name of the website where a file came from .
Your active downloads and time remaining are always shown in the status bar as your files download .
Podcasts and Videocasts can be associated with your media playback tools .
can be associated with your media playback tools .
Integration with the Mac : the new Firefox theme makes toolbars , icons , and other user interface elements look like a native OS X application .
Firefox also uses OS X widgets and spell - checker in web forms and supports Growl for notifications of completed downloads and available updates .
the new Firefox theme makes toolbars , icons , and other user interface elements look like a native OS X application .
Firefox also uses OS X widgets and spell - checker in web forms and supports Growl for notifications of completed downloads and available updates .
Integration with Linux : Firefox 's default icons , buttons , and menu styles now use the native GTK theme .
Firefox 's default icons , buttons , and menu styles now use the native GTK theme .
Star button : quickly add bookmarks from the location bar with a single click ; a second click lets you file and tag them .
quickly add bookmarks from the location bar with a single click ; a second click lets you file and tag them .
Location bar & auto - complete : type in all or part of the title , tag or address of a page to see a list of matches from your history and bookmarks ; a new display makes it easier to scan through the matching results and find that page you 're looking for .
New in Beta 3 is an improved search algorithm which calculates the recency and frequency of a visit to come up with a frecency score that is used to determine the most relevant results .
type in all or part of the title , tag or address of a page to see a list of matches from your history and bookmarks ; a new display makes it easier to scan through the matching results and find that page you 're looking for .
New in Beta 3 is an improved search algorithm which calculates the recency and frequency of a visit to come up with a frecency score that is used to determine the most relevant results .
Download & Install Add-ons : the Add- ons Manager ( Tools > Add-ons ) can now be used to download and install a Firefox customization from the thousands of Add - ons available from our community add - ons website .
When you first open the Add - ons Manager , a list of recommended Add - ons is shown .
the Add-ons Manager ( Tools > Add-ons ) can now be used to download and install a Firefox customization from the thousands of Add - ons available from our community add - ons website .
When you first open the Add - ons Manager , a list of recommended Add - ons is shown .
Speed : Major architectural changes ( such as the move to Cairo and a rewrite to how reflowing a page layout works ) put foundations in place for major performance tuning which have resulted in speed increases that continue to increase page drawing speed in Beta 3 .
This release also features over 90 changes that improve performance over the previous beta .
Major architectural changes ( such as the move to Cairo and a rewrite to how reflowing a page layout works ) put foundations in place for major performance tuning which have resulted in speed increases that continue to increase page drawing speed in Beta 3 .
This release also features over 90 changes that improve performance over the previous beta .
Memory usage : Over 350 individual memory leaks have been plugged , and a new XPCOM cycle collector completely eliminates many more .
Developers are continuing to work on optimizing memory use ( by releasing cached objects more quickly ) and reducing fragmentation .
Beta 3 includes more than 50 improvements to memory use over the previous beta .
Advertisement
We would like the final release tomorrow , please .
The Firefox 3 Beta 3 is a free download for all platforms .
Download Firefox 3 Beta 3 [ Mozilla ]
A Deep Look into Firefox 3 Beta 3 [ Mozilla Links ]
Firefox 3 Beta Release Notes [ Mozilla ]
３月３日、ノルウェーの捕鯨推進活動家、捕鯨が畜産よりも環境に優しいことが調査を通じて分かったとし、クジラを食べることが地球を救うことにつながるとの見解示す。写真はオスロの店で鯨肉を手に取る捕鯨推進団体ハイ・ノース・アライアンスの関係者（２００８年
ロイター/ Alister Doyle）
［オスロ ３ 日 ロイター］ ノルウェーの捕鯨推進活動家は３日、捕鯨が畜産よりも環境に優しいことが調査を通じて分かったとし、クジラを食べることが地球を救うことにつながるとの見解を示した。
捕鯨船の燃料消費に焦点を当てた同調査では、鯨肉１キロ当たりの温室効果ガス排出量は１．９キロであり、牛肉の同１５．８キロ、豚肉の６．４キロ、鳥肉の４．６キロに比べて少ないと指摘。「牛肉の食事１回分による温室効果ガスの排出量は、鯨肉の食事８回分に相当する」としている。
北極圏沿岸地域を代表する捕鯨推進団体ハイ・ノース・アライアンスの関係者は「他の種類の肉との比較では、地球のためにできる最善策がクジラの肉を食べることであることが分かった」と述べた。
一方、環境保護団体グリーンピースは、肉に比べればほぼすべての食べ物が環境に優しいとし、この主張を否定している。
I had an occasion calling for bacon themed food and my mind immediately turned towards the famed bacon mat .
I needed something a little more single - serving though , so I decided to attempt bacon cups .
In the bacon mat instructions there is mention of draping the mat over an overturned metal bowl and cooking it so that it would turn out in as a bowl shape .
I decided to try using the backs of various muffin and mini cake pans , I ran out of bacon before I got to try as many as I would have liked so I ’ll have to try more at a later date .
Any excuse for more bacon .
I set the oven at 400 degrees and carefully formed foil over the back of the muffin pan .
I did not coat with cooking spray , it would have been easier to remove but I suspect that the bacon would not have held the form as well if the foil was oiled and would have popped apart half way through cooking .
On the other hand some bacon did break when I was peeling away the foil .
I cooked the bacon , moving the pans around , until it was crisp looking and waited for it to cool before removing the foil and shaped bacon .
This all took three hours and my house filled with smoke , but it was worth it .
Be sure to put a cookie sheet with a rim below the cooking bacon in the oven , there was a lot of dripping fat and I saw a few flames .
Watch your oven carefully !
For cup shapes I used the back of this Wilton King - Size Muffin Pan .
These are the width of jumbo muffins but are almost twice as tall ( see this cupcake for a visual ) .
For the first try I used two layers of bacon on the sides and wove it like a basket , or at least like I imagine a basket would be woven :
I turned out to not be enough after the bacon cooked and shrank :
It held its structure very well though :
The next time I used three layers of bacon on the sides , this worked out better :
For as floppy as the bacon is when trying to weave it , it keeps its shape really well once cooked to the point that it is crisp .
I also tried to make small round bowls using the back of a Betty Crocker mini filled cake pan .
It shrank up quite a lot , leaving more of a shallow rounded shape :
Going for a breadless BLT I filled the cups with lettuce ( the arugula was the best ) and sliced cherry tomato .
After some serious investigation it was determined that the shallow bowls were the easiest to eat as finger food , while the cups were dramatic .
I had hoped to make a mayo - based salad dressing to really fill out my the BLT theme but I completely ran out of time .
Overall , a success !
Not quite worried enough that identity thieves might empty your bank account or ruin your credit rating with a shopping spree in your name ?
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
The FBI says those concerns are small spuds compared to what might happen when crooks parlay identity theft and mortgage fraud into " a totally new kind of crime : house stealing . "
According to the FBI :
...
The con artists start by picking out a house to steal - say , YOURS .
...
Next , they assume your identity - getting a hold of your name and personal information ( easy enough to do off the Internet ) and using that to create fake IDs , social security cards , etc. ...
Then , they go to an office supply store and purchase forms that transfer property .
...
After forging your signature and using the fake IDs , they file these deeds with the proper authorities , and lo and behold , your house is now THEIRS .
Sometimes it will be an empty house or vacation home , sometimes the thieves will work their schemes while the homeowner and their families go on about their normal everyday lives , says the FBI .
The Justice Department details one such case in this press release .
Although the FBI says mortgage fraud is " pervasive and growing , " the combination of identity theft and mortgage fraud -- this so - called house stealing -- is " not too common at this point . "
( No word in the press release about those who might welcome having their houses stolen , given the disparity between what they owe and what the homes are worth .
...
Yes , I 'm kidding . )
Sleep tight .
At least 10,000 food distributors sold recalled meat from the shuttered Hallmark slaughterhouse in Chino , CA including ConAgra , General Foods , Nestle and H.J. Heinz and it could still be on store shelves .
But Richard Raymond , USDA undersecretary for food safety , told an incredulous House Appropriation 's agriculture panel this week the information is " proprietary " and would not be released .
Naming names could drive customers away and just " confuse " people say trade groups like the American Meat Institute , Food Marketing Institute and Grocery Manufacturers Association .
The Bush Administration also opposes publicizing retailers ' names in meat recalls .
But an appeal to protectionism was not what the panel wanted to hear .
" This is a very , very critically important issue , " said Rep. Maurice Hinchey ( D - New York ) demanding a list of implicated distributors by next week .
" If we have stores that are selling bad products , we should know about it . "
This is not the first time shield laws have protected industry profits at the price of public health during mad cow scares .
Shield laws protected the identities of Texas and Alabama ranches that produced mad cows in 2004 and 2006 and the identities of 11 restaurants in nine California counties that served meat from a confirmed mad cow in late 2003 .
That 's why former state Sen.
Jackie Speier backed a California law in 2006 which compelled distributors of recalled food products to disclose where those products went .
This week a 120 page list of over 400 restaurants and food services that bought Hallmark / Westland meat including Costco , Jack in the Box and Taco Bell appears on the California Department of Public Health web site .
Officials say the list is growing .
The Department of Agriculture and Big Food did not have an easy time in the Senate last week either .
Even as Gary Rodkin , CEO of ConAgra Foods apologized for last year 's pot pie recall in a House Energy and Commerce Committee 's subcommittee hearing --" I personally will ensure that we will continuously challenge and improve our food safety programs , and make certain that food safety is the centerpiece of our corporate culture , " -- the news broke that ConAgra was implicated in this year 's recall .
And in Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee hearings last week , chairman Senator Herb Kohl ( D - Wisconsin ) wanted to know why , with five inspectors assigned to the Hallmark slaughterhouse , the videotaped abuse that led to the recall had to be uncovered by a charity .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
" Why do n't you have a system that uncovers this inhumane treatment of animals ? "
Senator Kohl asked Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer who was making his first appearance on Capitol Hill since assuming the post days before the meat scandal broke .
In January , an undercover video showing the mistreatment of " downer " cows www.hsus.org shot at a Chino , CA slaughterhouse which supplied the National School Lunch Program led to the biggest meat recall in US history .
Senators and consumer and animal welfare groups are calling for a complete downer ban .
Downers are usually dairy cows barely able to stand due to calcium depletion from being milked intensively and are worth as little as $ 84 per head .
But Schafer and the American Meat Institute think such a ban is " unfair to owners . "
Many downers are just fine when they arrive at the slaughterhouse , they say , but somehow get " injured " after inspection .
They want to keep USDA rules that currently allow slaughterhouse officials to call a veterinarian back if a cow falls down after passing inspection so it can still be slaughtered .
But Senator Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) said at the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee hearings such a rule is " the fox guarding the hen house . "
Especially because Rafael Sanchez Herrera , 34 , of Chino , one of two Hallmark workers charged in the abuse , says he was taught the videotaped techniques to get downed cows to stand up and pass inspection by former pen manager , Daniel Ugarte Navarro , 49 , of Pomona , who is also charged in the case but free on bail .
Sanchez Herrera says he asked his former supervisor , " How can you treat a poor animal that way ? " and Ugarte Navarro replied that , " I did n't know anything and I was nobody . "
The press is also skeptical of the " previously healthy downer " loophole .
" You 're saying that those [ downers ] never would have passed inspection anyway , " Miriam Falco of CNN Medical News said to Ken Peterson , assistant administrator of USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service which enforces the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act , at a press briefing in February .
" But we see video of them going into the facility .
So at what point does your inspection pick up on this ? "
Cynics might answer : when a charity like the Humane Society of the United States catches it .
Martha Rosenberg is a cartoonist for the Evanston Roundtable in Evanston , Illinois .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Drummer Buddy Miles , who played with Jimi Hendrix in his short - lived group , Band of Gypsys , died at his home in Austin , Texas on Tuesday , his publicist said .
The late power drummer Buddy Miles in an undated photo .
Miles , who played with Jimi Hendrix in his short - lived group Band of Gypsys , died at his home in Austin on Wednesday , according to publicist Duane Lee .
He was 60 .
Miles , a former teen prodigy , helped develop such musical forms as funk metal and acid jazz thanks to his work with such guitarists as John McLaughlin , Mike Bloomfield and Carlos Santana .
In 1967 , he and Bloomfield co-founded Electric Flag , whose rock - brass sound influenced Chicago and Blood , Sweat & Tears .
REUTERS / Mark Freeman / Handout
Miles , who was 60 , suffered from congestive heart failure , Duane Lee said on Wednesday .
He did not know the official cause of death .
With his bombastic style , the former teen prodigy helped develop such musical forms as funk metal and acid jazz thanks to his work with such guitarists as John McLaughlin , Mike Bloomfield and Carlos Santana .
In 1967 , he and Bloomfield co-founded Electric Flag , whose rock - brass sound influenced Chicago and Blood , Sweat & Tears .
But Miles is probably best known for his stint with Band of Gypsys , an all - black group put together by Hendrix in 1969 after the dissolution of the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
Miles and bass player Billy Cox , an old Army buddy of Hendrix ’s , kicked the guitarist into a higher gear with an Afrocentric , polyrhythmic groove .
The funky sound marked a strong contrast from the melodic stylings of Hendrix ’s English bandmates in the Experience , drummer Mitch Mitchell and bass player Noel Redding .
The Band of Gypsys are immortalized on an acclaimed album of the same name , which drew from four shows performed on New Year ’s Eve and New Year ’s Day 1970 at the Fillmore East in New York City .
Miles contributed two of his own compositions , “ We Gotta Live Together ” and “ Changes . ”
“ All the shows were bad - ass , ” Miles told Seconds magazine in 1995 .
“ It was the highlight of my life , and I had a good time playing those shows .
That was vintage James Marshall Hendrix . ”
But the group crumbled following a disastrous performance at Madison Square Garden later in January .
Hendrix eventually reunited with Mitchell and started work on a new album before dying of an accidental overdose in September 1970 .
Miles kept busy working with the likes of Stevie Wonder , Muddy Waters , Barry White and David Bowie .
In a statement , Cox described Miles as “ an unsung musical genius . ”
He said they had worked together on a recording session in October , and were planning a Band of Gypsys reunion in the late spring .
“ Jimi Hendrix no longer has to hold auditions as the right drummer has just flown in , ” Cox said .
Asked by Seconds how he would like to be remembered , Miles said : “ The baddest of the bad .
People say I ’m the baddest drummer .
If that ’s true , thank you world . ”
BradBlog.com
NJ Governor Delayed Casting Vote as Voting Machines Inoperable in Hoboken
One Unverifiable Touch - Screen Machine Finally Fixed , No Provisional Ballots Available at Polling Place , Voters Turned Away …
Blogged on the fly by John Gideon , VotersUnite .
Org
The Associated Press is reporting that the two Sequoia AVC Advantage touch - screen voting machines at the Hoboken Fire Department Engine Company No. 2 on Washington Street would not work for about 45 minutes as the polls opened this morning .
This polling place just happens to be the location where New Jersey Governor John Corzine votes , or was at least scheduled to at 6:15 am .
He was unable to cast his vote until 7:00 am according to the reports .
AP notes that several voters were turned away this morning until they were able to get one of the machines working .
Fox “ News ” reported earlier that there were no provisional ballots at the poll site , so voters had no choice but to wait for the machines to be fixed or to choose not to vote at all .
Update by Brad Friedman flying in … New York ’s ABC 7 confirms the problems .
They report : “ The big question is why did this polling place not have any provisional ballots , ” and they note that “ lots of people were obviously turned away . ”
Corzine is just the latest in a growing line of public officials and other well - known personalities who have run into recent trouble voting at the polls .
Last week , Rush Limbaugh ’s touch - screen machine froze up while voting in the Florida Primary .
In 2006 , Missouri ’s Sec. of State Robin Carnahan was told three times by a pollworker , in violation of state law , that she would have to produce a drivers license before she would be allowed to vote .
In 2005 , California ’s Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was temporarily barred from casting his vote , as the e-voting system in Santa Monica showed him as having already voted .
And , only somewhat related :
In early 2006 , Ann Coulter knowingly voted at the wrong precinct ( a first degree misdemeanor ) after knowingly using an incorrect home address , that of her realtor ’s , on her voter registration form in Palm Beach County Florida ( a third - degree felony ) .
( Source )
My buddy Jason had a GREAT post about rules for startups .
Read it , love it learn it .
Of course , anyone who has started a company has their own rules and guidelines , so I thought i would add to the meme with my own .
My “ rules ” below are n’t just for those founding the companies , but for those who are considering going to work for them as well .
1 . Do n’t start a company unless its an obsession and something you love .
2 . If you have an exit strategy , its not an obsession .
3 . Hire people who you think will love working there .
4. Sales Cures All .
Know how your company will make money and how you will actually make sales .
5 . Know your core competencies and focus on being great at them .
Pay up for people in your core competencies .
Get the best .
Outside the core competencies , hire people that fit your culture but are cheap
6 . An expresso machine ?
Are you kidding me ?
Shoot yourself before you spend money on an expresso machine .
Coffee is for closers .
Sodas are free .
Lunch is a chance to get out of the office and talk .
There are 24 hours in a day , and if people like their jobs , they will find ways to use as much of it as possible to do their jobs .
7 . No offices .
Open offices keeps everyone in tune with what is going on and keeps the energy up .
If an employee is about privacy , show them how to use the lock on the john .
There is nothing private in a start up .
This is also a good way to keep from hiring execs who can not operate successfully in a startup .
My biggest fear was always hiring someone who wanted to build an empire .
If the person demands to fly first class or to bring over their secretary , run away .
If an exec wont go on salescalls , run away .
They are empire builders and will pollute your company .
8 . As far as technology , go with what you know .
That is always the cheapest way .
If you know Apple , use it .
If you know Vista … ask yourself why , then use it .
Its a startup , there are just a few employees .
Let people use what they know .
9 . Keep the organization flat .
If you have managers reporting to managers in a startup , you will fail .
Once you get beyond startup , if you have managers reporting to managers , you will create politics .
10 . NEVER EVER EVER buy swag .
A sure sign of failure for a startup is when someone sends me logo polo shirts .
If your people are at shows and in public , its ok to buy for your own folks , but if you really think someone is going to wear your Yobaby.com polo you sent them in public , you are mistaken and have no idea how to spend your money
11 . NEVER EVER EVER hire a PR firm .
A PR firm will call or email people in the publications , shows and websites you already watch , listen to and read .
Those people publish their emails .
Whenever you consume any information related to your field , get the email of the person publishing it and send them an email introducing yourself and the company .
Their job is to find new stuff .
They will welcome hearing from the founder instead of some PR flack .
Once you establish communications with that person , make yourself available to answer their questions about the industry and be a source for them .
If you are smart , they will use you .
12 . Make the job fun for employees .
Keep a pulse on the stress levels and accomplishments of your people and reward them .
My first company , MicroSolutions , when we had a record sales month , or someone did something special , I would walk around handing out 100 dollar bills to salespeople .
At Broadcast.com and MicroSolutions , we had a company shot .
Kamikaze .
We would take people to a bar every now and then and buy one or 10 for everyone .
At MicroSolutions , more often than not we had vendors cover the tab .
Vendors always love a good party :0
These are all off the top of my head .
But they have worked for me so far .
Mr Medvedev said he was a lawyer " down to my bones "
Mr Medvedev won a landslide election victory this month and will replace Mr Putin , who is expected to become his prime minister , in May .
The president - elect told the Financial Times newspaper that the president and government had clearly defined roles .
He praised Mr Putin for adhering to the constitution in serving just two terms .
' Effective tandem '
Mr Medvedev said : " It is the president who decides the main positions in domestic and foreign policy .
" He is the supreme commander - in - chief , and he takes the key decisions in forming the executive powers .
He is the guarantor of the rights and freedoms of Russian citizens . "
Russia is a country where people do n't like to observe the law
Dmitry Medvedev
Medvedev warns Nato
In contrast , the government 's job was " complex , large and challenging " and included responsibility " for all economic activities " .
" It 's completely obvious that it has enough of its own business to attend to , " Mr Medvedev , 42 , said .
He agreed that in Russian history , examples of two people running the country had shown " negative consequences " but denied this would be the case now .
" I am confident that our tandem will prove to be absolutely effective , " Mr Medvedev said .
Mr Putin stepped down " at the peak of his popularity "
He said it was unusual in Russia for a " successful leader at the peak of his popularity [ to move ] on to a different post " .
He added : " This means that at last Russia is seeing the formation of a fully fledged tradition of respecting all procedures that follow from the Constitution and other laws . "
Cementing the rule of law would be one of his key priorities , he said .
" Russia is a country where people do n't like to observe the law .
It is , as they say , a country of legal nihilism , " he said .
Stressing he was a " lawyer down to my bones " , he added : " We need to make sure that every citizen understands not only the necessity and desirability of observing the law but also understands that without such a relation to the law there cannot be a normal development of our state or our society . "
He said he planned to crack down on official corruption by demotivating people from taking bribes , making clear if they did so " it could destroy their life " .
Mr Medvedev also said he was not happy about the prospect of Ukraine and Georgia joining Nato .
" No state can be pleased about having representatives of a military bloc to which it does not belong coming close to its borders . "
On economics , he said 13 % year - on - year inflation was " a fairly serious problem " but that Russia would ride out global turbulence .
It ’s a car .
No , it ’s a truck .
Whatever it is , it ’s back .
General Motors Corp. has jumped into the auto industry ’s retro trend , unveiling a half - pickup , half - muscle car amalgamation bearing a striking resemblance to a long - lost classic : the Chevy El Camino .
Introduced this week at the New York International Auto Show , the Pontiac - branded , er , vehicle is a throwback to the “ coupe utility ” machines that populated high school make - out spots throughout the 1960s and ‘ 70s .
With its U.S. debut expected by next year , GM is betting that nostalgia for the El Camino , which it stopped making in 1987 , will get buyers into showrooms .
The Detroit giant ’s decision to bring the strange , as - yet - unnamed , Australian - made machine to the U.S. displays the kind of flexibility that only a truly global automaker , with plants in multiple countries , has .
“ I think there ’s a real audience for this kind of thing , ” said Jack Nerad , analyst at Kelley Blue Book .
“ In its heyday , the El Camino had some really strong sales . ”
The name of the new Pontiac will be decided in an online vote .
In the meantime , even the suits at GM ca n’t come to consensus on a moniker .
“ El Camino is the one name I would n’t put on that vehicle , ” said Ed Welburn , GM ’s vice president of design , insisting that the new Pontiac , with its long hood hiding a powerful V - 8 engine and its short , open bed in the back , has nothing to do with the El Camino .
GM ’s vice chairman and product maven , Bob Lutz , disagreed .
“ El Camino would be my personal choice , ” he said .
“ It has name recognition . ”
Rapper 50 Cent , who was hired by GM to introduce the vehicle , had a different idea .
“ We should call it the Curtis , ” he said , perhaps because his real name is Curtis Jackson .
El Camino means “ the road ” in Spanish , and GM first built it in 1959 after Ford found success with its Ranchero , a similar car - truck combo built a few years earlier .
Nostalgia - oriented consumers have been salivating as they wait for keys to new versions of the Dodge Challenger , the Ford Mustang and , next year , the Chevrolet Camaro .
The Mini Cooper , another nostalgia auto , has been so successful that its maker , BMW , has come out with a second model , the Mini Clubman .
Not all retro attempts have been successes , though .
The Thunderbird , resurrected in 2001 , was a notable flop , and Ford dropped it after the 2005 model year .
Which way the new Pontiac will go remains to be seen .
GM has not yet released pricing or fuel - economy information for it .
But with the average price of a gallon of gasoline at a record $ 3.284 in the U.S. this week -- and 32 cents higher in California -- the automaker is gambling that it can find Americans to buy a two - seat , big - engine vehicle that ’s as long as a Chevy Tahoe SUV .
“ These are definitely more fuel - efficient than a pickup , ” said Rebecca Lindland , industry analyst at Global Insight .
But with rear - wheel drive and 361 horsepower , it ’s hardly a gas sipper .
Add that to the Pontiac ’s unusual design , and it ’s likely to be only “ a niche product , ” she said .
Lutz would tend to agree .
Although he did n’t put a number on projected sales , he said they would be “ nowhere near 50,000 " and probably far below that , putting it on the very low end of sales volumes for all GM models in North America .
But the costs for GM , he explained , are low .
Both the sport truck , and its kissing cousin , the G8 sedan ( also coming to the U.S. ) , are built in Australia , where they are sold under GM ’s Holden nameplate .
The Ute , as the sport truck is called Down Under , is highly popular , and even comes in a stretched crew - cab version .
Because the costs of designing and building them were absorbed by GM years ago , bringing them to the U.S. is n’t much more expensive than changing out the badge on the grill , putting them on ships and paying 50 Cent -- and a rock group called the Young Lords -- to introduce the pair at the New York car show .
Still , Lutz admits that GM did “ zero market research ” before the U.S. introduction , making the sport truck ’s launch a shot in the dark .
It ’s a much different approach from what Chrysler did with its Dodge Challenger , which came out as a concept in early 2006 and was launched with much fanfare last month .
Chrysler introduced several variations at the show Wednesday .
The Challenger starts at $ 37,320 and gets a combined city and highway average of 15 mpg .
Based very closely on the classic muscle car of the same name , the vehicle is a bet by Chrysler that consumers remember their childhood wheels fondly .
It is easily the most attention - grabbing offering in the company ’s lineup .
So far , demand has been high .
Early versions of the Challenger were held by dealers who sold them at a big markup .
One , a blue Challenger SRT8 , sold on EBay for $ 228,000 last month .
“ The Dodge Challenger is all about having fun , ” said Jim Press , Chrysler ’s vice chairman .
“ This is the American dream . ”
The original El Camino , along with the nearly identical GMC Caballero , has indubitably earned a niche in popular culture , with references in songs by dozens of bands , including ZZ Top , and appearances in plenty of movies and TV shows , including “ My Name Is Earl . ”
During its last three years of production , it was built in Mexico .
The band Ween called it an “ Aztec machine speeding to the light . ”
But much of the affection has fallen into the tongue - in - cheek variety , and Kelley Blue Book ’s Nerad wonders whether the car will appeal only to those who might have owned an El Camino , say , 25 years ago .
“ Maybe you ’re just mining that vein and then the vein runs dry , ” he said .
What about the Ranchero ?
An executive at Ford said the company had “ absolutely no plans to bring the Ranchero back . ”
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
There are six of us around the table , and the conversation turns to what I do for a living , also known as " my field of study " in academia .
" I 'm a game designer and a professor , " I say .
The dinner had been arranged by a third party in order to connect academics from various institutions for networking purposes .
" You mean videogames ? " one of the teachers asks .
It 's said with the same professional and courteous tone that one might reserve for asking , " Did you pass gas ? "
" Videogames , yes , " I answer .
" I 've been doing it over 20 years now . "
Really without any effort at all , I launch into a little love manifesto of sorts , talking about how much I enjoy being a game designer , how wonderful it is to make games , all kinds of games .
I even tell them about the incredibly wonderful modding experience I had with my 7 - year - old daughter .
" I am teaching her to play Risk , " I tell them .
" And when I told her she could n't own the oceans , she said , ' But , Mommy , you 're a game designer .
You can change the rules ! ' "
We did , and it made the game a whole lot different , and the best part about it was that we made our first mod together .
It was a wonderful , geeky moment that perhaps only another game designer parent can appreciate .
Inevitably , after I finish speaking , the strong opinions come .
It happens the same way every time : People listen and then they say what they 've been feeling .
Videogames are not good for you .
Videogames are a waste of time .
They isolate children .
Kids never go outside to play .
They just sit there and stare at the TV all day .
The conversation this evening is particularly ironic , given that I 've just finished my design for GDC's Game Design Challenge , OneHundredDogs.com .
It 's a Facebook ARG designed to be played in 50 cities across the country .
It 's all outdoors and designed to build a nationwide community of happy people and their happy dogs working together toward a common goal .
I sit and listen , and they continue .
Videogames are addictive , violent and blood - soaked .
People just should n't let their kids play games .
One attendee agrees with the next , polite apologies are made in my direction and the memes pass around the table with the bread .
On the way home , I wonder where the hell all this comes from .
These are the same people who drowned machines in quarters back in the 1980s , who played Super Mario Bros.
until their thumbs were sore .
I know , because I was there .
I bet some of them even had Pac - Man lunch boxes like I did .
So where 's the love ?
Within the hour , I send off an email to 40 people over 30 who are n't gamers .
" Just off the top of your head , what would you say if someone stuck a microphone in your face and said , ' How do you feel about videogames ? ' "
The emails are written ( in my head ) before I even receive the first reply .
Some will note their dislike of videogames and back their opinions up with references to Jack Thompson and Dr. Phil or the plethora of news stories that tout videogames as vile things .
The rest will like them , slaver about the Wii or state indifference .
In a new survey , physicians report they are not getting the sleep they need to function at their best and current work schedules may contribute to their inadequate sleep .
The survey , issued by the American College of Chest Physicians Sleep Institute ( ACCP - SI ) , found that most physicians sleep fewer hours than needed for peak performance and nearly half of physicians believe their work schedules do not allow for adequate sleep .
Results further indicated that , when compared to the general population , physicians reported more caffeine use but better overall health .
" Call hours during training and in the practice of medicine desensitize physicians to the importance of sleep .
The pervasive message is that sleep is optional or dispensable , " said Barbara Phillips , MD , FCCP , Chair of the ACCP Sleep Institute .
" Self sacrifice also may be seen as part of the lifestyle .
This may impact physicians ' awareness of their own , and their patients ' , sleep deprivation lifestyles . "
Physician sleep habits
In a randomized , internet - based questionnaire , the ACCP - SI surveyed 5,000 US physician members about current sleep habits and how sleep affected work and day - to - day performance .
Of the 581 respondents , 70 percent reported needing at least 7 hours of sleep to function at their best during the day , yet physicians reported sleeping an average of 6.5 hours on a workday .
Physicians reported " making up " for lost sleep on the weekends or days off by sleeping an average of 7.5 hours a night .
Furthermore , 43.1 percent of physicians indicated their current work schedule did not allow for adequate sleep .
Physicians rarely reported insomnia or difficulty initiating or maintaining sleep .
However , 21.8 percent reported not feeling refreshed upon waking at least a few nights a week .
" The upside of chronic self - imposed sleep deprivation is that it essentially eliminates insomnia complaints , " said Dr. Phillips .
" Although adequate sleep is important , too much time in bed is a common finding among insomniacs ; the lack of insomnia complaints among physicians probably relates to the chronic , low level sleep deprivation that many experience . "
Most physicians indicated that sleep issues did not significantly impact work performance or other daily activities .
However , 18 percent of physicians reported missing at least one family or leisure activity due to sleep issues .
Physician caffeine use
Survey results were compared to the results of the 2008 National Sleep Foundation Sleep in America Poll , released during National Sleep Awareness Week , March 3 - 9 , 2008 .
Caffeine use was more common among physicians than the general population , with 93 percent of physicians having at least one caffeinated beverage a day , compared with 81 percent of the general population .
However , the average number of caffeinated beverages consumed , approximately 3 servings daily , was similar between physicians and the general population .
Most physicians ( 83.3 percent ) reported using caffeine out of habit rather than to " keep awake " .
Physicians also reported being in better overall health than the general population , with 83.6 percent of physicians stating they were in very good or excellent health compared with 56 percent in the general population .
" Although physician sleep habits may not be ideal , physicians understand the relationship between behavior and health .
Physicians are less likely to smoke , to be obese , or to be sedentary , which are all lifestyle factors that can have a negative impact on overall health , " said Rochelle Goldberg , MD , FCCP , ACCP Sleep Institute Steering Committee .
" Like many who experience long work days and inconsistent schedules , physicians , too , are vulnerable to the effects of inadequate sleep , " said Alvin V. Thomas , Jr. , MD , FCCP , President of the ACCP .
" Just as they help their patients recognize the importance of good sleep habits , physicians should take the necessary steps to ensure they are meeting their own sleep needs . "
Page 5A
Right now , feds might be looking into your finances
Banks tip off government to possible money laundering , fraud
WASHINGTON — Each year , federal agents peek at the financial transactions of millions of Americans — without their knowledge .
The same type of information that raised suspicions about New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer is reviewed every day by authorities to find traces of money laundering , check fraud , identity theft or any crime that may involve a financial institution .
As concerns about fraud and terrorist financing grow , an increasing number of suspicious deposits , withdrawals and money transfers are being reported by banks and others to the federal government .
Banks and credit unions as well as currency dealers and stores that cash checks reported a record 17.6 million transactions to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network in 2006 , according to a report from the network , a bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department .
" I do n't think Americans understand that their financial transactions are being reported and routinely examined , " said Barry Steinhardt of the American Civil Liberties Union .
The Treasury Department 's database now contains records of more than 100 million financial transactions going back to at least 1996 , said network spokesman Steve Hudak .
Teams of agents from the FBI , IRS , Drug Enforcement Administration and other agencies regularly review newly filed financial reports and launch investigations .
Federal and local authorities search the database to find information about people that can help ongoing probes .
Treasury Department analysts study the reports to detect trends in fraud and issue reports alerting financial institutions .
" The government has access to untold volumes of records and can draw all sorts of conclusions about us , and many are going to be wrong , " Steinhardt said .
Bankers disagree .
" For the typical bank customer , this means very little because there 's nothing they 're doing that 's likely to be viewed as out of the ordinary , " said Richard Riese , head of regulatory compliance for the American Bankers Association .
The reporting system dates to the early 1970s when federal agents sought to pinpoint drug dealers by looking for people making large cash deposits .
Financial institutions have long been required to report cash transactions over $ 10,000 .
Those reports — simple notices of a deposit or withdrawal — account for more than 90 % of the records the enforcement network gets each year .
Far more controversial are secret " suspicious activity reports " filed by financial institutions and reviewed by teams of agents spread around the country .
The investigation of Spitzer began when a bank spotted potentially suspicious transfers from several accounts and filed reports with the IRS , according to a federal official who spoke on condition of anonymity .
The official did not want his name used because he's not authorized to discuss the case publicly .
The number of suspicious activity reports soared from 413,000 in 2003 to 1 million in 2006 , according to the enforcement network .
Federal law requires the reports to remain secret .
They are written by officers at financial institutions who specialize in detecting suspicious activity , such as a series of large transactions .
The analysis can protect customers by spotting unusual withdrawals that may indicate fraud , said Robert Rowe , senior regulatory counsel of the Independent Community Bankers of America .
Many of the reports are a waste , said Riese of the bankers association .
" We 're reporting on a lot of things everybody knows law enforcement does n't have the resources to pursue , " he said .
Hudak said the " vast majority " of reports " are filed for a good reason . …
There are law enforcement officials and investigators who use these reports and read them every day . "
About a dozen members of We Are Change confronted Zbigniew Brzezinksi , former National Security Advisor under Carter , with questions about the secretive Bilderberg group , the consequences of setting up the Mujahideen and other questions which were largely ridiculed and rejected by Brzezinski as the queries of ‘ conspiracy theorists . ’
Luke Rudkowski previously confronted Brzezinski in an encounter that ended with him being ejected from the building for asking a pointed question .
Brzezinksi even commented sarcastically that the Bilderberg group indulges in " drinking the blood of the poor " – a comment which may illustrate the underlying disconnect between elites who wield extremely concentrated power and the effect of their policies on the remainder of the world , who largely have no power to control factors that affect them .
Brzezinski ignored the issues raised , including the pattern of false - flag provocation to start conflicts – instead taking the opportunity to belittle those who dared to ask such questions .
He was obviously irritated that the sycophants did not turn out in droves for his talk at Columbia University in the same numbers that concerned members of We Are Change did .
The University ejected at least one member and deflected several other questions .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Pam's House Blend :
Mother of god , this is horrible .
We nominate to the patheon of homo hate Oklahoma State Rep. Sally Kern ( sallykern@okhouse.gov ) .
She did n't know that she was being recorded in a meeting , so we get the a nice insight about what she thinks of her gay and lesbian constituents .
Perhaps she does n't think she has any .
About 30 seconds into this homobigoted , fact - free , BS screed , Rep .
Kern actually says how she does n't hate gays ( of course not ! ) , then proceeds to continue on her tirade of filth .
I do n't think you need to guess which party Kern belongs to .
This is a woman who sits on the Education Committee in the OK legislature .
She 's also a member of Mother Schlafly 's Eagle Forum .
Read on ...
Peter Sunde and Fredrik Neij from The Pirate Bay recently did a video interview which resulted in some great quotes .
One such quote comes from Fredrik , he suggests that the movie and music industry should set up their own torrent site , and monetize it through advertisements .
" We would be out of business . " he added .
Dayrobber , the site that did the interview , is a new web - tv site that publishes 5 minute short shows .
The initial plan was to release the second and the third part of the interview on Thursday and Friday , but especially for Torrent Freak they decided to release all three parts today .
Part 1
In the first part of the interview Fredrik ( TiAMO ) and Peter ( Brokep ) talk about the goal that they have for the Pirate Bay , which basically comes down to uncensored sharing .
Of course , they are also asked about the millions they make from the site .
Peter says that he ’s not making any money from it , his income mainly comes from the speeches and seminars he gives .
Fredrik adds that it is hard to monetize a BitTorrent tracker , because the legal gray zone makes the ad prices drop .
The pirate bay does plan to launch a few side - projects that will eventually make them some money , such as the videobay and playble , a site where artists can put up their music for free , which will be monetized by advertisers .
Part 2
In the second part of the interview Fredrik advises the movie and music industry to start their own torrent site , and put The Pirate Bay out of business .
Peter briefly comments on the upcoming trial , which is a good pr-stunt for The Bay in his opinion .
The interviewer then asks : “ We think the design of your website sucks , do n’t you know any designers . ”
Peter responds by saying that the designers he knows are very hard to work with .
Fredrik says he rather focuses on secure p2 p , the new faster and anonymous p2 p protocol based on BitTorrent he ’s currently working on .
Peter goes on by saying that Denmark the new North - Korea , when the recent block by the Danish ISP comes up .
Part 3
In the third and last part the upcoming trial against the Pirate Bay comes up again .
Peter says that he is pretty confident : ” We ’re not going to lose the case . ”
They further discuss copyright , why mashups are often more interesting than the mainstream media , and how more and more people are consumers and producers
Will we ever send humans to Mars ?
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
An impossible dream ?
A manned mission to Mars would be very costly .
In the summer of 1969 , two weeks after Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the Moon , rocket scientist Wernher von Braun delivered to Nasa a detailed , fully costed plan for landing humans on Mars .
Dr von Braun , who had masterminded America 's lunar programme , intended to send astronauts on an initial excursion to the Red Planet lasting two years , with a fly - by of Venus on the journey home .
The mission was to reach Mars by 1982 and would be accomplished using a nuclear - powered rocket .
This would be parked in Earth orbit and used to ferry 800 - tonne spaceships to Mars and back .
There are still a lot of things that we really have to look into and better understand before we can commence a trip like that
Scott Hovland , Esa
The annual cost , von Braun estimated , would peak at $ 7bn in 1974 , running at $ 6bn thereafter .
But by the end of the 1960s , politicians and the media had had their fill of space ; the timing was also wrong economically .
As a result , the proposal fell on deaf ears .
Fast forward to this millennium :
In 2001 , the European Space Agency ( Esa ) approved an exploration programme , called Aurora , with an ultimate goal of staging a human mission to Mars by 2030 .
Then , in January 2004 , President George W Bush announced a programme for returning humans to the Moon by 2020 and - at an undetermined date - to Mars .
Daunting challenge
In the years since von Braun unveiled his masterplan , interest in a manned Mars mission has remained high .
But no other proposal submitted in the intervening decades had gained any momentum .
Why ?
In short , the challenges are immense .
A manned mission to Mars would be both more difficult than sending humans to the Moon and more costly .
Today , estimates of the cost range enormously from $ 20 bn to $ 450 bn .
President Bush outlined a new vision for Nasa in 2004 " Whenever you ask someone the question : ' Do you think it would be cool to send a man to Mars ? '
They all say : ' Yeah , that 'd be neat , I 'd like that , ' " says Dr Roger Launius chair of space history at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington DC .
" Then when you give them a price tag - however many billions it is - they say : ' Well maybe we can spend that money better elsewhere . '
That 's one of the big challenges that anyone who seeks to explore space has . "
Nasa chief Mike Griffin recently said he did not foresee humans landing on Mars for another 20 years or more .
Scott Hovland , head of human systems at the European Space Agency ( Esa ) in Nordwijk , the Netherlands , says : " I have to admit that , right now , a manned Mars mission is far away in the future .
" There are still a lot of things that we really have to look into and better understand before we can commence a trip like that . "
Spreading the cost According to Mr Hovland , it is likely that a manned mission to Mars could only be achieved through broad international co-operation .
The US space agency has been concentrating its efforts on returning humans to the Moon .
But it will this year begin a fresh assessment of potential approaches for sending humans to Mars : its Mars Architecture Study .
Robots might provide support for astronauts on the surface
Enlarge Image
Europe is carrying out a variety of studies on long duration missions as part of its Aurora exploration programme .
Esa is collaborating with Russia on a unique experiment due to begin next year at Moscow 's Institute for Biomedical Problems .
The Mars 500 study aims to simulate the tough conditions of a trip to the Red Planet for six volunteers .
They will be locked up for 17 months in an airtight capsule , eating sterile food and breathing processed air .
Scientists will study the behaviour of the " crew " as they try to live together in a space measuring 550 cubic metres ( 19,250 cubic feet ) .
" Boredom may be their biggest problem , " Bruno Gardini , Aurora project manager at the European Space Agency , told BBC News .
" Over 500 days , their activity is fairly low .
So what do they do ?
They get on each other 's nerves . "
Group dynamics
It sounds a bit like the basis for a reality TV show .
But the simulated mission , due to begin in late 2008 , will help scientists better understand the demands of long - haul space travel as well as informing astronaut selection .
Mr Gardini adds : " You can do psychological profiling , but when you put them under these conditions , you may discover aspects of their personalities of which they are not aware - which are sometimes good and sometimes bad . "
Solar flares could prove deadly for astronauts en route to Mars But an interplanetary journey will present other hazards not addressed in this experiment .
Once crews venture outside Earth 's protective magnetic field , they will be exposed to higher levels of cosmic radiation .
Deep space is filled with protons from solar flares , gamma rays from newborn black holes and galactic cosmic rays ( GCRs ) from distant exploding stars .
Astronauts would be exposed to a continuous stream of GCRs .
These travel at close to the speed of light and can penetrate both the skins of spacecraft and of people like tiny bullets .
As they pass through the body , they break strands of the DNA molecule , damage genes and kill cells .
Short but intense fluxes of particles from solar flares could contribute to a large - even lethal - radiation dose over a short period of time .
" It 's going to be a problem .
We have to find ways to shield the crew properly , " says Mr Hovland .
Plastic fantastic Bruno Gardini adds : " With this kind of radiation , you cannot simply shield the craft with heavy metal .
It can actually make it worse , because when the cosmic rays hit the metal atoms , they can produce secondary particles . "
Experiments on the International Space Station have shown that plastics such as polyethylene provide good shielding .
Plastics contain lots of hydrogen , which is good at absorbing cosmic rays .
Polyethylene bricks could shield astronauts against radiation Even if the whole spacecraft is not built from plastic , it could be used to shield key areas such as living quarters .
However , the best form of shielding appears to be water .
The ship could be designed so that water tanks were placed on the outside , and radiation would hit them first .
Astronaut selection might also be influenced by observations that some people are more susceptible to harm from radiation than others .
Men are generally able to withstand higher doses than women .
And older people , with their slower metabolisms , tend to be more resistant than the young .
But other considerations are likely to prevent an elderly , all - male crew becoming humanity 's first deputation to Mars .
Weightlessness also poses a challenge on such a long journey , because of the muscle atrophy and bone mineral loss experienced by astronauts during extended periods in zero-gravity .
Moving forward
The gravity on Mars is about 30 % that of Earth .
But after months spent in weightlessness , just walking on the Martian surface could place enormous physical stresses on the human body .
These problems mean mission planners must minimise the journey time .
Propulsion will therefore be critical to the success of a manned mission .
Cryogenic , storable and nuclear methods of propulsion are all sufficiently well understood to be used on a human mission to Mars .
But a shorter transfer requires more fuel to speed up the rocket .
This in turn hikes up the mass of the spacecraft and , accordingly , the launch cost .
Robot explorers have transformed our view of Mars in recent years
A propulsion system big enough for the trip would probably need to be assembled in low - Earth orbit , says Scott Hovland .
That rules out cryogenic fuels , such as liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen , because they have to be kept at very low temperatures .
" We do n't have the technology to keep them in the liquid phase [ in orbit ] .
So we would get boil - off , which means we would lose fuel , " Mr Hovland explains .
So - called storable rocket fuels do not suffer from this problem , but are less efficient .
Nuclear propulsion must therefore be considered as a serious contender .
But additional shielding would be required to protect the crew from radioactive fuel .
Tight ship A manned mission to Mars would probably use a so - called split - mission architecture , for which cargo is sent first and astronauts are sent later on a faster spacecraft .
This would reduce fuel costs and the journey time .
Onboard systems that recycle air and water could cut down on " storables " that would need to be taken on the journey .
Scientists are also looking at whether a Mars crew could grow some of their own food .
Nasa has carried out studies on nuclear propulsion systems CO2 could even be collected from the Martian atmosphere and broken down to make methane ( CH4 ) - a potential rocket propellant for the return journey .
But much more work needs to be done before the dream of humans setting foot on another planet can be realised .
And , perhaps , the strong incentive required for governments to commit resources is still lacking .
" I 've been inspired by the Apollo missions since I was a child .
So for me , the very idea of a person going to Mars - the exploration part of this - is enough , " says Scott Hovland .
" But then , I 'm not the person paying for it . "
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Go back to Mexico you f**king coward " " How am I the coward ?
I am here by myself surrounded by Minutemen and I'm the coward ? "
友達に赤ちゃんが生まれたら、出産祝いにはなにを送ればよいか迷いますよね。
どうせ贈るなら、喜んでもらえるものがいいし、他とはかぶらないオシャレな出産祝いにしたいものです。今回は友達の出産祝いに贈りたいプレゼントをランキングで紹介します。
友人への出産祝いはどんなものが喜ばれるの？
友人が出産した場合の贈り物は、オシャレで実際に使ってもらえるような赤ちゃん用品がおススメです。お互いに気を遣わなくてもよい価格のアイテムを贈るとよいでしょう。
贈りたい出産祝いベスト５
５位 かわいいおむつケー キ
友人の出産祝いにはかわいいおむつケーキがおすすめです！ケーキのようにかわいくデコレーションされたおむつケーキを贈れば、出産を祝福する気持ちを伝えることができます。
見た目がかわいいだけでなく、飾った後は実際におむつとして使用することができるので、後に残らない贈り物を考えている場合に贈りたいですね。ディズニーやアニメバージョンのおむつケーキなどもあります。
４位 ママの授乳グッ ズ
贈りあう友人が女性同士なら、ママの授乳グッズを贈りたいですね。出産祝いはついつい赤ちゃんのグッズに集中しがちです。ママ用のグッズなら、ほかとかぶらずにママへの気遣いを気持ちに表わすことができますし、喜んでもらえると思います。
洋服にあうおしゃれなデザインの授乳エプロンや授乳に役立つ授乳クッションがおススメです。
３位 赤ちゃんのおもち ゃ
かわいい赤ちゃんのおもちゃ。愛らしい赤ちゃんが遊んでくれるところを想像して選ぶ楽しみもありますし、確実に使ってもらえるのでプレゼントしたいです。男女問わず人気のある定番の出産祝いですね。無垢材などナチュラルな素材を使った上質なおもちゃや、オーガニックコットンを使用した安全なおもちゃなどをセレクトして贈りたいですね。
新生児期につかってもらえる布製のラトルやおしゃぶりなどもおススメです。
２位 赤ちゃんのスタイやお食事セット
赤ちゃん用のおしゃれなスタイや食器セットを贈るのも良いですね。ママが自分ではなかなか買わないような上質なオーガニックコットンのスタイや人気ブランドの食器セットをチョイスして贈りたいです。女性用ナイトウェアで有名なジェラートピケでは赤ちゃん用のスタイが販売されていますし、バッグなどで人気のあるキャス・キッドソンにはスタイの他、赤ちゃん用のかわいいお皿やトレイ、コップなどもそろっているので、おススメです。
１位 赤ちゃん用タオルギフ ト
友人に贈りたい出産祝いのベスト１は赤ちゃん用タオルギフトです。
赤ちゃんが生まれると、ほんとうにたくさんのタオルが必要になります。洋服のようにサイズアウトすることもないですし、好みにも左右されにくいので贈りやすいギフトです。
上質なタオルで人気のある今治タオルを販売している伊織では、今治ブランドの赤ちゃんグッズが販売されています。今治でつくられた柔らかいタオル素材でできたおくるみや、身長をはかれ目盛りのついたバスタオルなどのアイデア商品もあります。
好みのタオルを組み合わせて、オリジナルのギフトセットを作って贈りたいですね。ギフトボックスも洗練されたデザインで喜ばれると思います。
まとめ
いかがでしたか？友人の出産祝いに贈りたいギフトのベスト５でした。
友人に喜ばれる上質でおしゃれなギフトは、贈る側としてもかわいい赤ちゃんのことを想像して選ぶ楽しみがありますね。
ファクタリング会 社
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
At least 20 homes in Atlanta 's historic Cabbagetown neighborhood were flattened by a tornado that ripped through downtown Atlanta on Friday night , a spokeswoman for the mayor said .
Debris from Friday night 's tornado litters the street outside CNN Center .
more photos »
Firefighters fear there could be people dead inside the ruins of a collapsed loft complex in the same neighborhood , the spokeswoman said .
There have been no deaths confirmed from the tornado , but at least 15 people were treated at two hospitals .
Most of the injuries were minor cuts , scrapes and bruises , officials said .
The Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , just east of downtown Atlanta , collapsed in a " pancake fashion , " Atlanta Fire Chief Kelvin Cochran said early Saturday .
The tornado that ripped through the heart of the city damaged the roof of the Georgia Dome during a college basketball game , shattered windows and ripped roofs from buildings before continuing into several residential neighborhoods .
The building that houses CNN was at the epicenter of the storm -- sitting next to the dome and hotels where thousands of basketball fans attending the Southeastern Conference tournament were at least temporarily displaced .
Watch coverage of damage to CNN Center »
" It was actually in overtime , and the game was getting exciting , and I thought people from the Alabama side were hitting the bleachers trying to get some noise going , " said Lucas Shields , who was attending the game between Mississippi State and the University of Alabama .
" All of a sudden the TV went out , the overhead clock stopped working , and you hear that distinctive noise of a train . "
Timothy Wood , 30 , of Cumming , Georgia , took refuge from rain at Philips Arena .
" First thing I saw were cups then I saw larger objects -- like parts of Philips Arena were coming off and being blown into the street , " Wood said .
Police closed several streets in the vicinity of CNN Center because of glass and other debris from the storm .
Audio Slideshow : View the damage »
The storm tracked from the northwest side of the city to the southeast , demolishing buildings and downing trees that crushed cars and ripped through the roofs of homes .
At the Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , damage was extensive .
Mahsud Olufani , an Atlanta painter and sculptor with a studio in one of the other buildings , said he rushed to his studio when he saw news of the damage .
" It looks like a bomb went off , it looks like World War III , " he said .
" It 's a disaster area . "
The converted lofts also were the site of a massive 1999 fire , during which a dramatic helicopter rescue was televised worldwide .
In the neighborhood of East Atlanta , resident Cameron Beasley said he could see four or five homes with storm damage , including trees knocked through their roofs , and several cars crushed by downed trees .
" Something really fierce came down , " said Beasley , who said he and his wife ran with their two children into their basement about 15 seconds before the storm hit .
" It was just crushing cars , crushing houses . "
The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for the area , in effect until 10 p.m .
The storm came through at about 9:45 p.m .
Inside CNN
Center , water poured through damage in the ceiling into the building 's atrium .
Glass shattered , and parts of the building filled with dust .
Virtually all of the windows facing Centennial Olympic Park on the Omni Hotel , which is attached to CNN Center , were shattered , leaving curtains flapping in the darkened windows .
Visitors to the hotel were evacuated to the facility 's exhibition hall at street level .
Watch survey of damage to Omni Hotel »
Windows also were shattered in the CNN.com newsroom , with staffers saying that there was a computer missing -- apparently sucked through one of the windows .
CNN 's library was also damaged .
See photos of the damage inside »
Outside the building , debris littered the streets and billboards collapsed onto parked cars .
Centennial Olympic
Park was also severely damaged .
Next door at the Georgia Dome , the Alabama - Mississippi State game was halted .
The storm visibly rippled the ceiling of the dome and caused some damage , video of the arena showed .
Scaffolding holding the facility 's scoreboard swayed 15 minutes after the storm hit .
The game resumed about an hour later , but a later game between Kentucky and Georgia was postponed .
Joe Bryson , 28 , of Cumming , Georgia , was outside when the winds hit .
" When it started to drizzle a little bit , everyone got under some shelter , watching things develop .
It started to pick up a bit .
When the metal barriers fell over and started skidding along the ground that 's when everyone started -- not panicking -- but going inside .
" I saw two fellas who were running to come to shelter and they were getting pushed from the back [ by the wind ] .
They got knocked down but got right back up and followed everyone inside , " Bryson said .
Catherine Niehaus , an iReporter , was inside the Georgia Dome when she said the roof split , scaffolding slipped and the scoreboard started to sway .
Slabs of metal and insulation material smothered the streets outside .
Cars and emergency vehicles were scattered among the debris as hundreds of people , many of them attending the Southeastern Conference basketball tournament , wandered around talking on cell phones .
Heaps of bricks and sheetrock were pushed up against cars .
Streets signs were bent in half .
At the neighboring Georgia World Congress Center , the storm blew down a wall , allowing water to pool ankle deep inside the building .
Further east , heavy damage was reported near Grady Memorial Hospital .
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the most recent downtown tornado in the United States hit Jacksonville , Florida , August 12 , 2004 .
There were no deaths .
According to the NOAA , the deadliest tornado to hit a downtown area in the 20th century was May 11 , 1953 , when 114 people were killed in Waco , Texas .
Although downtown tornadoes are rare , it 's a misconception they can't happen , according to The Tornado Project , a company that gathers and compiles tornado information .
" That more ' cities ' are n't struck by tornadoes is probably more coincidence than anything else , " according to the project 's Web site .
" There are very few ' big cities ' with skyscrapers in Tornado Alley .
In fact , there are only a dozen , and one of them , St. Louis , Missouri , has a long history of tornadoes in its central area . "
E-mail to a friend
Chris Matthews : Victory means ' Americans get to come home ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday March 24 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
Over the weekend , the American toll in Iraq reached the sad milestone of 4000 military deaths .
Pat Buchanan , appearing on MSNBC's Morning Joe , asked " Where does it all end ? "
He noted that two - thirds of Americans now want to get out of Iraq , but " they do n't want a defeat , and they do n't want a disaster . "
Chris Matthews , who joined the program from Washington , pointed out that Vice President Cheney recently replied " So ? " when asked about popular opinion being against the war .
" That is their attitude towards the public , " Matthews stated .
" A decent respect for the opinions of mankind ?
Forget it . "
He emphasized , however , that " at some point , the opinion of the American people matters . "
Buchanan commented that the Democrats in Congress were elected in 2006 to bring an end to the war but have failed to do so .
He asked whether Barack Obama might also conclude by next fall " that we can't really do it because we do n't want to risk a disaster . "
Matthews , however , did not see that sort of backtracking as an option .
" You have to make it clear to the Iraqi government ... eventually Americans come home , " he stated .
" They 're going to have to get that message clear as heck from the voters . "
Matthews went on to criticize Republican presidential candidate John McCain for not presenting that kind of clear message to the Iraqi government .
" The message from McCain is ' we 'll stay as long as you folks make it necessary , ' " Matthews said .
" I think McCain ... has left it up to the Iraqi politicians how long we stay .
...
It 's not their call ! "
" We should reestablish control of our own foreign policy , " insisted Matthews .
" The American people should decide ... not the Iraqi politicians .
...
If we 're winning , we ought to be able to come home .
The definition of victory is Americans get to come home !
It 's not that you get to stay longer ! "
Matthews finished by discussing the way in which the administration has constantly redefined its goals to justify staying in Iraq .
" It is an invasion and an occupying force , " he stated .
" It 's not a regime change .
It 's not a neat taking out of some bad guy .
The language has been scary ! "
" This administration has used language to justify a policy ... which would n't have been able to be sold under the old language , " Matthews concluded .
" Unfortunately , the media has bought into it . "
This video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast March 24 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions :: let 's get to our top story .
hold up that heed line , if you could . :: " new york daily news , " mika . :: i thought this would happen next week , but a terrible situation over the weekend , willie , which put the number of casualties in iraq to 4,000 . :: four servicemen killed by a roadside bomb .
pat , it 's 4,000 .
we 've heard 2,000 and 3,000 were going to be great milestones .
we were going to revisit what we 're doing over there .
was this significant ?
will it last ?
will it make us think about what we 're doing ? :: i think it will make us think about what we 're doing , the fact we passed the five - year mark and 4,000 .
the question is when does it all end ?
we 've got two - thirds of the country wishes we had not gone in and wants to get oust of iraq .
but they do not want to come out the way we came out of vietnam , the skids and coming off the roof of the embassy .
but they do not want defeat and disaster .
that 's really going to affect the election .
mccain 's argument will be the democrats will lose in iraq because they 'll bring them out too soon .
and the democrats ' argument says mccain says we 're going to be there 100 years .
no , we 're not .
we 're coming home . :: i have someone perfect on hand to ask a question about that .
chris matthews joins us from washington for the next couple of hours as well .
chris , good morning .
thanks for joining us on " morning joe . " :: good morning , chris . :: good morning , pat . good morning -- who else is there ?
willie geist . :: we 've got the party except for joe .
he 's got the day off .
chris , talk to us about this milestone in iraq and how it affects the candidates ' plans when they deal with iraq .
john mccain , of course , and hillary clinton and barack obama looking toward withdrawal .
does this milestone braps reenergize the conversation ? :: i think probably the most staggering statement made by this administration since it took office was a two - letter word with a question mark at the end of it .
when dick cheney answered martha rad ich , when she talked about popular opinion being against this war and dramatically , and he said so ?
as far as dick cheney is concerned , and he does speak for the administration 's policy better than anyone perhaps , that is their attitude towards the public .
a decent respect for the opinions of mankind , forget it .
and i think that this statement that we can pursue a war without the public support runs against the pal doctrine .
it runs against common sense .
it runs against our history .
at some point , the opinion of the american people matters .
they may have made a judgment very narrowly back in 2002 and ' 3 to go to war .
by the way , if you go back and look at the opinion polling back then , the question was asked , do you support the war in iraq ?
they said yes .
do you still support it if there are significant casualties to come ?
and they said no .
and so the idea that this was a popular war from day one , i think , is misconstrued .
and now that we face the reality of 4,000 dead , i think this statement as to whether there are significant casualties or not has been made as well by events , sad events , tragic events .
i'm not sure this was ever a popular war .
i think the fact that it was n't is something this administration has been a bit arrogant to ignore . :: chris , clearly , this was a war of choice , not a war of necessity for the united states .
and the democrats were elected in 2006 fundamentally to bring it to a swift conclusion .
i think that 's a fair assessment of the election of 2006 .
yet they have failed to do so .
they have failed to impose a deadline .
they have failed to cut off funding .
they have sort of given up on it .
do you think their failure of the democratic party on capitol hill , that will be reflected this fall ?
and in the election , when barack obama , who basically is recommending the same course , that he comes to the same conclusion that , just as the democrats have on the hill , that we can't really do it because we do n't want to risk a disaster .
will he come to the same conclusion , or do you think he 'll push in the fall for the 16 months and everybody home ? :: i think the real choice -- and you and i agree very much on this situation , pat -- is that you have to make it clear to the iraqi government that our decision to go in there was short term , it was hesitant .
we decided to go in there because the president and the vice president and his people wanted to go in , but it was a close call .
and we did our job , and the time will come swiftly when we 'll have to come home to our country .
iraq is their country .
america is our country .
and eventually americans come home .
we 're not a colonial power .
we 're not happy to be an occupying force in a war zone .
we have n't been really .
and they 're going to have to get that message clear as heck from the voters .
it seems to me , if the voters vote democrat for president , the message will be sent that our time in that country is very short .
the politicians will have to make the best arrangements they can .
it seems to me , pat , the only humane thing to do is to send a message to the iraqis that we 're not iraqi .
we 're coming home to america .
it will take maybe 6 months or 12 months , but we 're come home .
the message from mccain is we 'll stay as long as you folks make it necessary .
i think mccain , although we all agree he's a good man , has left it up to the iraqi politicians how long we stay .
it 's not their call .
it 's our foreign policy .
and we should re-establish control of our own foreign policy .
the american people should decide on american foreign policy and war policy , not the iraqi politicians .
i do n't know why the vice president is able to get away with saying our opinion does n't matter , but iraqi politicians ' misbehavior matters .
we have to reassert our control over our forces , i think . :: john mccain was in iraq last week .
i do have some information that we may be hearing from him specifically on iraq later this week , and it will be interesting to see if the other candidates chime in as well , especially given this grim milestone .
we 'll get a sense , and we 'll talk more about what the candidates can and should be doing on this issue coming up .
first , let 's get a sense of how things are being felt on the ground in iraq , specifically in baghdad , where nbc 's ned colt is standing by as well .
ned , can you hear me ? :: reporter : yes , i do .
good morning wk mika . :: ned quarterback give us a sense .
this milestone , is it being discussed in iraq .
what are you hearing from u.s. troops , u.s. service members , as well as people across iraq in terms of the iraqi people ? :: reporter : in terms of u.s. troops , this is a milestone .
i think it 's clearly being played that way in the states .
on the part of u.s. troops , we 're not hearing they 're paying any close attention to this .
this is another tragic fatality , four of them last night in southern baghdad when this ied , this roadside bomb exploded alongside this vehicle on patrol .
another soldier was injured in that attack .
but the american troops , the american officials here , officers and so on , are not playing this up by any stretch .
they 're just saying it 's going to be another day , another day to try to keep those death tolls down , to try to continue to bring some semblance of peace here to the region .
again , we 're hearing that is continuing .
it was a very difficult weekend here with close to 60 killed in various attacks , a very bad one up in mosul .
but by and charge , we 're hearing a 60 % to 70 % drop in baghdad at least in terms of attacks since the surge last summer .
so there has been progress .
but since november , we 're hearing that it is more of a stalemate , that we 're not seeing a continued reduction in those attacks . :: all right .
nbc's ned colt in baghdad .
thanks very much .
chris , he brings up a good point .
you have to look at the effects since the surge began .
and you could definitely spin that there is positive developments in iraq , at least since the surge began . :: well , it depends how you look at it .
you know , our soldiers are still facing death every day .
they 're getting hit by these ieds .
it 's not about being a good soldier when you 're riding down a road and your car blows up .
that 's just the enemy striking when it wills .
i do n't think that 's a war exactly .
it 's an occupying situation .
it 's a horrifying situation .
our soldiers have to go into fire fights , but so often the deaths are brought by the ieds along the roadside where someone 's got a garage door opener and pushes the button .
it 's horrible .
if we 're winning , we ought to be able to come home .
the definition of victory is americans get to come home .
it 's not that you get to stay longer .
the way they 've misconstrued this war from the beginning .
the terminology they used .
you know , regime change , not invasion .
these terms are clever .
preemptive war , not war .
it is a war .
it 's not a preemption .
it 's a war .
it is an invasion examine an okay pigs force by our people .
it 's not a regime change .
it 's not some is neat taking out of some bad guy .
the language has been scary .
and the use of the word surge , by the way , surge by any common use means a surge of electricity .
it stops .
a surge ends .
an escalation is when you increase your troop forces in the field .
this is an escalation .
so the language is the first problem .
and this administration has used language to justify a policy and very effectively so , to the point where journalists used the new language to justify a policy which would n't have been able to be sold under the old language .
pat and i agree on this .
the old language is pretty good .
aggression , nonaggression .
these are good words .
they mean you trust a sovereignty , even of a despicable government , rather than your own right to invade that country .
you can't get into the new lingo without falling into this trap of a new attitude about war and sovereignty .
our american role in the world .
why do we have this new role of changing regimes ?
because there 's new language ?
i think it is a bit scary .
unfortunately , the media has bought into it .
pat , you know i'm right on this .
A suicide bomber in Baghdad left five dead as they queued for fuel
In the bloodiest single incident , 13 Iraqi soldiers died when a suicide attacker drove a fuel tanker into an army base in Mosul in northern Iraq .
The US military said it killed 12 militants preparing suicide attacks in a house east of Baquba .
At least 15 people died in rocket and mortar fire apparently aimed at Baghdad 's Green Zone .
Eight were civilians who were killed when rockets landed short of their targets on Sunday morning .
The bloodshed comes despite an overall reduction in violence since last June .
That was when the US deployed an extra 30,000 troops in violence - hit areas - the so - called " troop surge " .
But Sunday 's violence underlines the fragile , reversible nature of the apparent improvements in security , say correspondents .
Huge blast
At least 40 people were injured in Sunday 's early - morning suicide strike in Mosul .
Sunday also saw a barrage of fire hit Baghdad 's Green Zone
The suicide attacker ploughed an explosives - laden tanker into the army base , causing a massive blast .
Iraqi and US soldiers have been engaged in a major offensive in Mosul , which US commanders say is al - Qaeda 's last urban stronghold in Iraq .
In another deadly attack , at least seven shoppers in a Baghdad market were killed when gunmen travelling in three cars opened fire .
At least 16 people were wounded when the drive - by shooting happened in the southern Zaafariniya area of the city , police said .
The gunmen fled the scene .
In other violence :
at least five people were killed when a suicide bomber struck a queue outside a petrol station in the Shula district of Baghdad , police said
a roadside bomb killed five Iraqi soldiers close to the city of Kirkuk - the scene of growing sectarian strife
at least three people were killed when a suicide car bomb was driven into the house of a tribal leader near Samara
Bodies ' shaved '
The attacks on the Green Zone - which began at about 0600 ( 0300 GMT ) - set the warlike tone of the day .
The first rocket barrage sounded like successive peals of thunder .
It left a shroud of stinking black smoke over the city , reports the BBC's Adam Brookes .
Some relatives were mourning those struck by a stray rocket
A second barrage followed about four hours later , leaving four wounded .
A third attack followed four hours after that .
Iraqi police told the BBC that seven people died in the latest attack .
Our correspondent says previous rocket attacks on the Green Zone have been blamed on rogue elements of Moqtada Sadr 's Mehdi Army militia , which is supposed to be observing a ceasefire .
Also on Sunday , the US military said it had killed 12 men in a raid east of Baquba city , in Diyala province .
Spokesman Major Winfield Danielson claimed six of the men killed were found to have shaved their bodies , which he said was " consistent with final preparation for suicide operations " .
He added that a cache of weapons and ammunition had also been found in the raid and destroyed .
In a lengthy press release issued this morning , Microsoft waxes poetic about what it ’s deeming as “ broad - reaching changes to its technology and business practices to increase the openness of its products and drive greater interoperability , opportunity and choice for developers , partners , customers and competitors . ”
That ’s quite a mouthful , but also quite a development for a company that has often been criticized during its 30 + year history for forcing vendor lock - in and engaging in anti-competitive practices .
As for some specifics , here are the key , tangible actions Microsoft details in their announcement :
* Ensuring open connections to Microsoft ’s high - volume products * Documenting how Microsoft supports industry standards and extensions * Enhancing Office 2007 to provide greater flexibility of document formats * Launching the Open Source Interoperability Initiative * Expanding industry outreach and dialogue .
Looking deeper into the announcement , much of what Microsoft ’s doing is providing a more accessible platform for third - party developers to tap into their ecosystem of multi-billion dollar software franchises .
For example , the company is launching APIs for Word , Excel , and Powerpoint , and publishing tens of thousands of pieces of documentation to its MSDN site .
Being such a vast company with so many products , it will probably take a while for developers to digest everything Microsoft is announcing and apply it to their own software .
However , it ’s an incredibly significant announcement , that will have implications for both the desktop and the Web .
The move follows word last month that Microsoft would be hopping on board with DataPortability , a workgroup that aims to make your social networking data ( or “ social graph ” ) portable across web services .
Pat Cadigan has started a campaign to get 500,000 Terry Pratchett fans to donate £ 1 each to Alzheimer 's research , matching the funds put up by Pratchett himself , who was recently diagnosed with rare , early - onset Alzheimer 's — the calls the campaign " Match it for Pratchett ! "
Today , it was announced that Terry Pratchett has donated half a million pounds to Alzheimer 's research .
Hearing that , it occurred to me that if half a million of us all donated a pound to Alzheimer 's research , we could match his donation and make it an even million .
So whaddaya say , guys ?
It 's a pound .
That 's about 2 bucks US dollars , give or take a couple of ( US ) pennies .
You can spare that much .
Go here and make your donation .
Tell them it's in honour of Terry Pratchett .
Let 's do it !
The zombies are coming , so be prepared
In this image released by The Weinstein Company , Chris Violette , who plays Tony , left , lays wounded as Joe Dinicol , who plays Eliot , center , fights off a zombie in the film , " George A. Romero 's Diary Of The Dead . "
( AP Photo / The Weinstein Company , Steve Wilkie ) ** NO SALES ** IMAGE RELEASED BY THE WEINSTEIN COMPANY .
NO SALES .
AP PROVIDES ACCESS TO THIS PUBLICLY DISTRIBUTED HANDOUT PHOTO .
THE COPYRIGHT IS OWNED BY A THIRD PARTY .
less
In this image released by The Weinstein Company , Chris Violette , who plays Tony , left , lays wounded as Joe Dinicol , who plays Eliot , center , fights off a zombie in the film , " George A. Romero 's Diary Of The ... more Photo : Steve Wilkie Photo : Steve Wilkie Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
The zombies are coming , so be prepared 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The zombie invasion is coming .
Whether you survive , or become just another snack for the walking dead , depends on your ability to get to the end of this column .
No pressure .
This is n't about " Diary of the Dead , " the latest movie from zombie filmmaking godfather George A. Romero , which comes out Friday .
Or the sacrilegious straight - to - video remake of Romero 's " Day of the Dead , " all copies of which should be immediately destroyed when it hits the shelves this April .
This is about preparing for the inevitable real - life zombie attack .
The U.S. Geological Survey in 2003 said there 's a 62 percent chance of a magnitude 6.7 or greater earthquake in the Bay Area in the next 30 years .
I 'd have to put a zombie invasion in the same time period somewhere around 90 percent .
Make no mistake : Between the possibility of a rogue virus , an alien spore or there simply being no more room in hell , the dead are going to walk the Earth in your lifetime .
Not that our government is lifting a finger to help us prepare .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency and the state Office of Emergency Services has detailed information for more than 15 different disasters on their Web sites - covering everything from wildfires to dams breaking - but not a single word about what a citizen should do during a zombie attack .
FEMA alone has four different sections on its Web site focusing on disaster preparedness for volcanoes .
Like that 's ever going to happen .
What was the last big volcano movie ?
" Dante 's Peak " ?
The section on tsunami preparedness is equally irrelevant , for entirely different reasons .
Everyone who has watched " The Abyss " knows that no matter how many tidal wave warnings are issued , half of your neighbors will head toward the beach and stare at the sea anyway .
The only organization I could find preparing us for the zombie holocaust is Zombiedefense.org , a five - person operation that dispenses some great advice .
( " For the last time , " the site warns , " once she tries to claw the gray matter out of your head , she 's not your mom any more . " )
But they do n't even have funding for helicopters , which any zombiephile will tell you are vital for battling a zombie outbreak - both for transporting survivors and lopping the heads off the walking undead with the rotor blades .
It 's a fallacy to assume that improvements in technology prepare us for a zombie invasion .
If anything , we 're more vulnerable than ever .
U.S. citizens are fatter and slower than they were 20 years ago .
And well - meaning politicians keep handing out big wads of cash in exchange for everyone 's guns .
Thankfully , plenty of instructional videos are available .
Romero's five zombie movies , along with " 28 Days Later , " " 28 Weeks Later , " " Shaun of the Dead , " " Planet Terror " and " Fido " are enough by themselves to cull together a pretty good survival manual .
Here are a few tips in case the zombies get here before your Netflix envelope arrives in the mail .
Make friends with people who are slower than you are :
This one is pretty obvious , but can't be emphasized enough .
When I meet new people , I generally gauge my willingness to socialize with them further based on their time in the 40 - yard dash .
Remember :
All zombies are created equal :
Try not to focus too much on a zombie 's profession , relationship to you or disposition in a previous life .
Because the Fred Rogers zombie is just as likely to eat you as the Hitler zombie .
Stay well - armed : Bad news , Bay Area liberals :
It turns out Charlton Heston was right .
But do n't fret too much :
It 's technically possible to be a seasoned zombie fighter and oppose the Second Amendment .
Be creative !
Sharp objects are good for beheadings .
A bow and arrows can be effective .
Or get one of those cattle - gun things that Javier Bardem walked around with in " No Country for Old Men . "
You know that scary and reclusive Vietnam vet who lives across the street ?
Get on his good side :
As B - movie connoisseurs know , the creepy .
grumpy old hermit guys always make the best zombie fighters .
Know the fastest route to the nearest mall : I 've researched this extensively , and there is n't a major mall in the Bay Area with a gun store .
Consolation prize :
At least pick a mall with an " As Seen on TV " outlet .
The Ginsu knives will come in handy , and you might be able to fashion a Bedazzler into some kind of firearm .
Move to Shasta County : Come to think of it , maybe this is n't such a great place to live after all .
If Forbes magazine ever comes out with its 50 Worst Cities for Zombie Attacks issue , the Bay Area would have at least five cities in the Top 10 .
Too many suburbs , too many hippies and not enough cops .
Relocate to a place with a lot of shotgun - wielding farmers and pot growers .
Your life may depend on it .
-- Mark Morford columns with inset links to related material can be found at sfgate.com / columnists / morford .
LANSING , Mich . – Mitt Romney , in what may prove an unfortunate choice of words , has taken to referring to Michigan as “ ground zero ” for his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination .
He is referring to the fact that he was born here , went to prep school here and is the son of a former top auto executive and Michigan governor .
As he told an audience in Warren , Mich. , Friday morning , “ My mom and dad are buried here . ”
But many – including not a few in the Romney campaign – also believe this state could be the ground zero where his 2008 presidential hopes are reduced to rubble .
Polls show Mr. Romney , the former governor of Massachusetts , in a close contest with Senator John McCain of Arizona and Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas .
Whatever advantages Mr. Romney ’s birth here bestows , they could be trumped by Mr. Huckabee ’s support among evangelical Christians and Mr. McCain ’s history of attracting independent and Democratic voters .
Mr. McCain won the Michigan primary in 2000 .
Mr. Romney ’s supporters dismiss Mr. Huckabee as a “ single - issue candidate , ” the man from the Religious Right who has no business experience or foreign policy credentials .
Mr. McCain has spent nearly three decades in Washington talking and not doing , Mr. Romney suggested Friday morning at Macomb County Community College .
“ What have you done ? ” Mr. Romney said , not specifying quite who “ you ” was but making it clear he was talking about Senator McCain .
“ What kinds of things have you done to ease the burden on business ? ”
He went on , “ Now everybody ’s interested , of course , because they ’re running for president .
What they have they done while they were in the Senate and the House for 27 years ? ”
[ Mr. McCain has been in Congress for 25 years , actually , but close enough for presidential politics . ]
Rick Davis , Mr. McCain ’s campaign manager , declined to respond specifically to Mr. Romney ’s remarks , but said that Mr. Romney pretty much had to win Michigan to stay in the race .
“ Romney has a tall hurdle , ” Mr. Davis said in an interview .
“ For a year he ’s talked about an early state strategy and he ’s about to run out of states . ”
For the record , Mr. Romney placed second in Iowa and New Hampshire but he did win the Wyoming caucuses .
( He also scaled back operations in South Carolina this week . )
On the record , Mr. Romney and his aides predict victory in Michigan and say they will compete in Florida and later contests whatever the outcome here .
Representative Pete Hoekstra , a Michigan Republican who is supporting Mr. Romney , picked up the ground zero metaphor and expanded on it .
“ Michigan is so many ways is ground zero – not just for the campaign but for the challenges the United States faces , ” Mr. Hoekstra said , noting the distress of the auto industry and the flight of manufacturing jobs overseas .
He said that Mr. Romney is just the guy to turn around the domestic auto industry , because of his experience in business and as C.E.O. and rescuer of the 2002 Winter Olympics .
ROME , June 25 —
There is a struggle under way , taking place in plain view , for the soul of Rome ’s historic center : in one corner sit the forces of restraint , etiquette and cultural preservation , in the other the unswerving desire for just one more round of drinks .
A leisurely midnight stroll through Campo dei Fiori , Piazza Navona or the medieval neighborhood of Trastevere puts the issue in clear relief .
It is “ ladies night ” at Sloppy Sam ’s , a popular pub on Campo dei Fiori just in front of the commemorative statue of the philosopher Giordano Bruno , who was condemned to death by the Catholic Church for heresy in 1600 ; shirtless male bartenders are serving up round after round of discounted shots .
Around the corner , a stone ’s throw from where Julius Caesar met his treacherous end , the Zeta Lounge is offering about two hours of open bar , all you can drink for one low price .
Later , around 3 a.m. , an American tourist is barking through a megaphone asking a woman he is with to pull up her skirt and expose herself , eliciting laughs from his friends and , surprisingly enough , the woman herself .
The place is soaked in booze , and a growing number of Rome ’s residents are fed up with what they see .
That is awesome .
The level of smoothness and straightness to the edges of the fondant is unbelievable .
He could 've made the support bit in the middle look like R2's third leg , though ...
@ADMNAISMITH - I do n't know about the cake in the post , obviously , but it can certainly be done without styrofoam ( the support dowels are largely necessary in tall cakes ) .
Here is one I made myself , for my girlfriend 's birthday last year ; it 's life - sized and started as a stack of six chocolate cakes ...
Linky to Cake .
Pardon the crappy cellphone picture quality .
The IFPI has partially succeeded in its war against the Pirate Bay , at least in one European country .
The international counterpart of the RIAA won a lawsuit last week in Denmark that resulted in one Danish ISP , Tele2 , being ordered to block access to the site .
Tele2 has complied for the time being , but the ban has n't exactly dealt a blow against the Pirate Bay — in fact , the site is getting more traffic than ever from users in Denmark and has already found new ways to help Tele2 customers to get around the ban .
The Danish court found that the Pirate Bay is indisputably used as a means to traffic copyrighted materials between users and that Tele2 is responsible for making the site freely available to customers .
" [ T ] he court finds that DMT2 Ltd. , by giving its customers access to the www.thepiratebay.org, assists in the violation of the copyrights administered by the claimants , " reads the translated ruling posted at Danish consumer rights lobby group Piratgruppen .
" DMT2 Ltd. is ordered to undertake the adequate measures , suitable in the prevention of access for DMT2 Ltd. customers to the web site of www.thepiratebay.org and related sub pages and sub domains . "
Tele2 went along with the ruling and began blocking access to the Pirate Bay , but not happily .
It was the only ISP in the country ordered to block the site , while others were allowed to continue serving up Pirate Bay pages .
" In this case , we think it is needed to have a clarification of the legal grounds , and that is why we are discussing this with the other companies , " Tele2 regulations chief Nicholai Pfeiffer told IDG .
Still , the Pirate Bay wrote on its blog that traffic in Denmark is up 12 percent since the ruling last week , which it attributes to media attention and users trying to find ways around the ban .
The group wrote that Tele2 customers are beginning to find DNS solutions — such as OpenDNS — that do n't block the site , and many of them are using the Pirate Bay 's new domain thejesperbay.org for their torrenting needs .
From just Tele2 , the Pirate Bay says that there has been no noticeable traffic difference before and after the ban .
This is n't the first time the IFPI has held Tele2 responsible for aiding in the trafficking of copyrighted content .
A very similar Danish court ruling came down in 2006 , demanding that Tele2 block access to Russian music site AllOfMP3 , which did n't go over very well at the time either .
Industry groups called the move dangerous , as ISPs could also be forced to censor sites that also provide access to freely - published , legal content ( such as , well , the Pirate Bay ) .
Piratgruppen spokesperson Sebastian Gjerding agreed , telling TorrentFreak last week , " In Turkey and China , it 's the state that decides what information the people can access and what should be censored .
In Denmark its apparently the record industry . "
Of course , the folks behind the Pirate Bay would n't be happy without voicing their own opinions on the matter , which is that they operate legally within the confines of Swedish law ( where the operation is based ) .
Gottfrid Svartholm
Warg spoke on television about the case , saying that the site does n't actually transfer illegal materials and is therefore not guilty of copyright infringement .
" It ’s not stealing , morally or legally , " he said .
Press Releases
Occasionally , we post and send press releases .
They ’re almost always exciting , but let ’s be honest here – some are a little dull .
Past releases , dull and superb , are listed below .
2008
2005
2004
2003
2000
Archive
All our pre-2000 press releases can be found in the Press Room Archive on our old site .
You can also read what others had to say about us in days of yore in our News Archive .
My word , we are getting old .
The ambassador was en route to the Pakistani embassy in Kabul
The technicians went missing on the same day as Pakistan 's ambassador to Afghanistan , Tariq Azizuddin , was reportedly abducted in the same region .
Mr Azizuddin had been going overland from the city of Peshawar to Kabul .
Pakistan 's north - west has witnessed fierce fighting between Islamist militants and government troops .
The pro-Taleban guerrillas declared a unilateral ceasefire last week after months of clashes with troops garrisoned there .
The workers from Pakistan 's Atomic Energy Commission were on a mission to map mineral deposits in the mountains when they were kidnapped , police say .
" The technicians were going for some geological survey in the area when they were kidnapped at gunpoint along with their driver , " Romail Akram , a senior police official , told Reuters news agency .
Their vehicle was intercepted by masked gunmen in the Dera Ismail Khan district , a stronghold of local militants .
" We do n't know if the abductors were militants or members of some criminal gang , " a local police chief , Akbar Nasir , told the AFP news agency .
He said efforts to locate the missing men had yet to yield any results .
Karzai concerned
Efforts are also continuing to locate the missing Pakistani envoy , Tariq Azizuddin .
Mr Azizuddin went missing on Monday as he was travelling overland from the Pakistani city of Peshawar to the Afghan capital , Kabul .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he was certain the envoy had been abducted , adding : " I hope he is safe and I hope he will be released soon . "
The Khyber region has long been a base for bandits and smugglers but has seen little of the unrest linked to an uprising by Islamist militants in adjoining areas .
Pro-Taleban militants recently kidnapped more than 200 Pakistani troops in the South Waziristan region .
The soldiers were reportedly released in a prisoner exchange with Pakistani authorities .
' Protected road '
Pakistan 's government has refused to confirm Mr Azizuddin has been kidnapped , saying only that he was missing .
The Pakistani embassy in Kabul said contact was lost with Mr Azizuddin at around 1045 local time ( 0645 GMT ) on Monday .
The rugged region near the Afghan border has seen heavy fighting
There were reports on Pakistani television of his car going through a checkpoint without stopping .
An official of the Khyber agency tribal administration told the BBC that the ambassador went through the Khyber agency without taking a security escort that was waiting for him at the start of the tribal territory .
Correspondents say that such escorts are routinely sent with dignitaries and officials when they travel through tribal areas .
But some travellers dispense with them because they think it makes their movements more noticeable .
Mr Azizuddin is said to have previously travelled to Kabul by road , often without the tribal security escort .
The route through the agency is believed to be the shortest and quickest way between Peshawar and Kabul .
Being the main trade route , the Khyber agency road is busy in daylight hours , supplying reinforcements and to the US and Nato forces in Afghanistan .
It is also one of the most protected of all the tribal roads , with a contingent of tribal police posted every 100 m .
The paramilitary Frontier Corps have a fort along the road .
Guess who 's going to have to go to summer school ?
DMI for Public Policy : ( .pdf )
With a U.S. Senator set to assume the presidency for the first time since 1960 , and with an eye on the 470 other federal elections scheduled for November 4th , the Drum Major Institute for Public Policy ( DMI ) released “ The MiddleClass.org 2007 Congressional Scorecard ” today .
DMI ’s congressional scorecard , which is the only one in the nation based solely upon the interests of the middle class , reveals a great and troubling divide in the Congress .
On the positive side , the scorecard reflects an overall improvement in Congress ’ support for the middle class , with 34 Senators and 199 Representatives receiving “ A ” grades .
On the negative side , one - third of all Representatives and nearly 40 % of all Senators earned “ F ” grades .
“ The middle - class squeeze is a recurring theme among members of Congress , all of whom assert their interest in alleviating some of the burdens faced by the middle class and those struggling to earn their way into it .
If that commitment was universally genuine , 99 % of Congress would have received an ‘ A ’ this year .
Clearly , that did not happen and it was the current and aspiring middle class who suffered for it , ” commented DMI Executive Director Andrea Batista Schlesinger . [..]
As for the three top presidential contenders , Senators Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton each received an " A + ” grade .
Stunningly , Senator McCain was the only member of the Senate to receive an “ incomplete ” because he missed a majority of the graded votes .
Even Senator Tim Johnson , who suffered a life threatening brain hemorrhage in December 2006 and did not return to the Senate until September 2007 , managed to vote on 50 % more pieces of critical middle - class legislation than did Senator McCain .
“ When it came to doing something about the middle class , Senator McCain simply was n’t there for them , ” said Ms. Schlesinger .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A mother suspected of killing her four children , whose decomposing bodies were found in her home , told police they were possessed by demons , according to court records .
Banita Jacks , 33 , is charged with three counts of felony murder and one count of first - degree murder while armed .
The victims , who range in age from 5 to 17 years , are thought to be her daughters .
Their bodies were found when U.S. marshals served an eviction notice at Jacks ' apartment in southeast Washington , D.C .
Court documents say Jacks identified the victims as her daughters Brittany Jacks , 17 ; Tatianna Jacks , 11 ; N'kiah Fogle , 6 ; and Aja Fogle , 5 .
Earlier Thursday , Mayor Adrian Fenty said the bodies ' decomposition has hindered their identification , although they were believed to be Jacks ' children .
Marie Pierre - Louis , Washington 's chief medical examiner , said all four of the girls had been dead for at least 15 days .
Jacks is being held without bail .
Her next court appearance is scheduled for February 11 .
If convicted , she could receive a maximum sentence of life in prison .
Jacks told police that her daughters were possessed by demons and that each died in her sleep during a seven- to 10 - day period , court documents said .
Aja died first , she told police , then N'kiah , Tatianna and Brittany .
" She said that as the first three younger children died , she placed them side by side in the room in which they died , " according to court documents .
She reported that all the deaths occurred sometime before the electricity in her house was disconnected , which records show was September 5 , 2007 , documents said .
Jacks said she never tried to call authorities to remove the bodies " because she did n't trust either agency and because she thought if she notified emergency personnel , that would cause her more problems , " the documents said .
She also said she had not fed her daughters food " for a substantial period of time prior to their deaths . "
No one besides herself or the children had been in the home since May 2007 , Jacks said .
Pierre - Louis ruled the deaths homicides , according to a court document .
Watch Pierre - Louis describe the condition of the bodies »
Preliminary findings are that Brittany was stabbed to death and that Aja died from blunt - force impact to the back of her head and possible ligature strangulation .
Both Tatianna and N'kiah also had " apparent ligature evidence " on their necks that was " somewhat more defined than that noted on Aja Fogle 's neck , " court documents said .
However , the documents said , further tests are needed to confirm the causes of the deaths .
All four children were wearing white T - shirts and were discovered in unfurnished bedrooms -- three in one and a fourth in another , the documents said .
" What appeared to be a metal steak knife " was found next to the fourth .
Also , the fourth body was found in a bedroom with hardwood floors , and a T - shirt with duct tape was found at the bottom of the bedroom door , filling the gap between the floor and the bottom of the door when it was closed .
A witness told police they saw Jacks treat Brittany differently from her other children , sometimes withholding food from her while feeding the others , court documents said .
In addition , the witness said Jacks once drove Brittany to Jacks ' mother 's home in Waldorf , Maryland , and left her there .
Jacks ' mother was not home , the witness said , and Brittany was left on the porch unattended for more than 10 hours .
City officials are trying to determine how the children could have been dead for at least two weeks without anyone noticing their absence .
Fenty said the city had determined that Jacks ' children were " in and out of the public school system " and that the child welfare caseworkers and the metropolitan police had each had at least " one contact " with the family .
Watch Fenty explain how a " routine " eviction became a death investigation »
" There may be other contacts with the government ... in the case of the Jacks family , " he said .
He did not divulge further details .
" Somebody should have known that these young people were not in school or someplace , " Councilman Marion Barry said Wednesday .
The former Washington mayor represents the ward in which the bodies were found .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Larry Lazo contributed to this report .
Pizza Cheese Developments
Please note the following updates on the Pizza Cheese story in The Milkweed ’s March 2006 edition :
“ Leprino Foods : No Polydimethylsiloxane in Pizza Cheese ”
“ FDA Approved Polydimethylsiloxane in Foods in 1998 ”
Copy of Leprino Foods ’ February 17 , 2006 letter to The Milkweed
In response to Leprino Foods ’ letter , The Milkweed :
Has removed the January 2006 article , “ Silicone - Based Chemical in Pizza Hut ’s Cheese ” from the Web site .
Suggests readers not pursue the “ Call to Action ” cited on page 5 of the February 2006 issue .
More background reading :
In today 's markets , when the price of oil seems to be on a ceaseless uphill climb and the value of a dollar seems to be sinking more every day , the spectre of inflation is touted again and again .
The truth is , the US economy faces something far worse than inflation .
It faces stagflation .
Stagflation is a term that strikes fear into the hearts of economists and businessmen worldwide because it can destroy an economy and it is very hard to fix .
What You Need to Know About Money & Inflation
We tend to think of money as a kind of " fixed " group of objects .
There is only so much of it in the world , and it moves from person to person when people buy things .
Both of those obvious truths are dangerously inaccurate .
Dollars are how we trade things in this nation .
We use them to decide the relative value of things .
A Jaguar costs more dollars than a Honda Accord , perhaps because more time and materials went into the Jaguar or perhaps because there are just fewer of them .
Now , if there were only a fixed number of dollars in an economy , we'd have a huge problem .
Because we actually make more stuff every year .
If we increase the number of objects in an economy and keep the same number of dollars , the " price " of every object in dollars goes down .
For example :
If there are only ten dollars and ten apples in the world , you might pay a dollar per apple .
But what if there are suddenly twenty apples ?
The price of an apple might fall to $ 0.50 ( half a dollar ) .
The guy growing apples would think his apples were n't as valuable as they used to be , and he would probably decide to produce less .
The same " falling price " rule applies to almost everything .
What if you found out tomorrow that your job suddenly paid half what it currently does ?
Would n't you quit and find something else to do ?
Now that you understand why we need more money circulating every year , you 'll be happy to know that the United States has a way to increase the amount of money to keep up with the production of things .
Actually it has several .
First , the government can just print money .
It uses all kind of complicated tools ( like buying bonds or making loans to banks ) to release more money into the economy .
It often does that when it wants to fund things like wars .
Understanding Deflation
The Federal Reserve actively manages money all the time .
It sets the rate at which banks can borrow money from the Fed to loan to others .
In the months after 9/11 , the Federal Reserve set the reserve rate very , very low to stimulate the economy .
They had to do that because businesses and consumers were not spending money and many costs ( like airline security ) had suddenly skyrocketed .
Without the infusion of cash , nobody would have bought anything and businesses would have stopped producing the stuff people were n't buying .
Businesses would have laid people off , thus further reducing the ability of people to buy things .
That downward spiral is called " deflation " and many folks blame it for the Great Depression .
The stock market crash of 1929 sucked a huge amount of money out of the economy , and failure to put it back in made businesses stop production and fire workers , who subsequently wandered the streets looking for something to do .
Some guy called Keynes said we 'd fallen into a " liquidity trap " and convinced the government to spend money on stuff like building Hoover Dam .
The economy got a little better .
We had a big World War , the Government printed a bunch of money , and it got better still .
That was the economic boom of the 50's .
By this time you understand that money is not a passive thing .
Changing the amount of money circulating in an economy , shocks that dramatically impact spending habits , dramatic increases in the real cost of things ( like oil ) relative to other objects ( like food ) can have a massive impact on the lives and well being of people who have to live in that economy .
Which Brings Us Back to Stagflation and the Credit Crunch of 2007
Having read all this , its easy to imagine the Government should just print money all the time .
Obviously its good for production .
The problem is , the more money you have circulating , the less any given dollar can purchase .
If you are fan investor with a lot of cash , a person living on a pension , or a country that has a lot of its wealth in dollars , you do n't like having the dollars you hold become worth less every single day .
So you use those dollars to buy something like Euro's that hold their value a little longer .
If you are selling things to people with dollars , you charge them more dollars every day .
The result is no one wants dollars and prices in dollars go up very fast .
Over the last seven years , the price of oil has gone from $ 30 a barrel to over $ 100 a barrel , resulting in $ 1.29 gallon of gas going up to over $ 3.50 .
The cost of health insurance has gone up by more than 400 % .
The average price of a house in some areas has almost doubled .
The cost of food has risen more than 10 % this year alone .
Five years ago the Dow was at 8000 , and earlier this year it was at 14000 .
That increase far outstripped the growth the nation saw in real production during that time .
Very low interest rates implemented by the Federal Reserve after 9/11 , and the increased government deficit spending occasioned by the War on Terror , have created much inflation in the price of things .
Wages , have not kept pace with with inflation .
An employer who gets twice as much for his bread may not instantly decide to pay his bakers twice as much .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Java is a programming language that was developed initially by Sun Corporations and is being used by thousands of websites across the world .
Today , java is an open source project , which means that can be altered by every individually that has some knowledge .
It is used as a platform for large governmental , corporate and portal websites with serious infrastructures and load balancing mechanisms .
Java logo the simple websites are based on just plain HTML scripts which determine how the page looks like .
However , the HTML has only the basic features and can be used to only create static websites which look the same way .
However , there are various other technologies which either allow different scripts to execute via server - client way i.e. creating a page dynamically at the server based on previous conditions or data and sending it to the client , and even client side scripts , which do some processing at the client end and change the pages / data based on the user ’s actions .
Many such solutions are available , which include Perl , ASP.net , Java tools and many more .
These tools can be used either independently or in some sense with interoperability between the different technologies to design the website as per the requirements .
A lot of these services come with their own incorporations of things like Database Handling , built - in APIs for communication with mail protocols and such other features .
The most popularly used cross-platform solution is Java .
The biggest asset of Java is that it has no portability issues and the same underlying code works seamlessly on both Windows and Linux Servers .
Java comprises of not only a huge number of proprietary computer software products that together provide a system for developing application software but also various tools and features that allow interoperability among the various systems .
The most important aspect of Java is the fact that can be used to create programs that run in almost every platform that is available today .
From handheld devices and mobile phones to high end servers , Java is a universal framework for developing software solutions .
If your website is based on Java , then you absolutely need a reliable and affordable Java hosting provider .
For the purpose of website designing , Java has typically two older and most prominently used features called the “ Java Applet ” and the “ Java Scripts ” .
While the applets are small codes which are applications which run at the server , the Java scripts are client side applications which can be used for validation of forms or such other usage .
However , the inherent benefit of using Java for creating the websites is that the platform of the web server does n’t matter and also a lot of times most of the programmers have had some experience in Java .
As a result , they can , without learning a completely new technology like ASP .
net or scripting languages like CGI or PHP start working on Java and design their web pages .
The other benefit of using Java approach is that by using an init or a start on the applet , the developers can load the applet as a normal Java code .
This will enable them to run the applet in their Java Development Environment and hence ease the process of debugging .
However , for the Java applications , i.e. applet to work , the user machine needs to have the Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) installed for the browser .
Unless the JVM is installed , the page does n’t load and there are also some pages which need newer versions of JVM installed and do not have backward compatibility which , may lead to some of the traffic to go away from the page .
This may pose a concern as a website owner .
In Java - based hosting one should looks at web hosting services designed specifically for JSPs , since Java server pages ( JSPs ) work best with these .
It is always important to find out what other features and support is present even when looking for a JSP - based hosting scheme since not just the hosting fees and the features , but also the level of support offered by different Web hosts are different .
GREAT NEWS : COMPANION BILL TO IMPEACH IN THE WA STATE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES !
Posted by Linda Boyd
A DOUBLE HEADER IN WASHINGTON STATE !
Washington For Impeachment is delighted to announce that Representative Maralyn Chase will introduce a bill calling for the impeachment of George Bush and Dick Cheney in the Washington State House of Representatives .
The full text of House Joint Memorial 4027 will be accessible online on January 16th on the House website : Access Washington .
Representative Chase should be commended for her response to a resolution supporting impeachment from her legislative district .
She works with the full support of her constituents .
The public hearing for Senator Oemig ’s bill , SJM 8016 is scheduled for this Thursday , January 17 , 3:30 p.m. , room 2 of the Cherberg Bldg. on the State Capitol Campus in Olympia .
SJM 8016 -2007 -08 , updated by Senator Oemig , calls on Congress to conduct a full investigation and trial for the President and Vice President .
The bill , first introduced Feb. 15 , 2007 , was heard before the Senate Government , Operations and Elections Committee on March 31 , 2007 , with over 500 impeachment supporters at the capitol that day .
In a vast improvement over last year , Senator Oemig ’s Bill to impeach Bush and Cheney will be heard in the Senate Government Operations and Elections Committee in the first week of the session .
Last year , the bill was heard one day after the cutoff date , and did n’t move out of committee .
Momentum for impeachment in Washington State continues to expand with public disclosures of destruction of torture tapes , intelligence from the NIE reporting that Iran does not possess nuclear weapons , and continued belligerence towards Iran .
More that 1,200 protesters turned out in downtown Bellevue in August to protest George Bush ’s visit .
Washington For Impeachment , Citizens to Impeach Bush and Cheney , and a broad coalition of citizen ’s groups are working closely to achieve a significant victory for democracy .
Please thank Rep. Maralyn
Chase for her committment to her constituents and the rule of law !
Please send a postcard to :
433 John L. O’Brien Building PO Box 40600 Olympia , WA 98504-0600
Please also send a postcard to thank Senator Oemig : 416 Legislative Building PO Box 40445 Olympia , WA 98504-0445 .
If you are unable to attend the hearing , please send written testimony in support of SJM 8016 :
Send via email to [ email protected ]
or mail to POBox 40466 , Olympia , WA 98504 , Attention Wanda Cahill
Please also copy testimony to WFI : [ email protected ]
Impeachment is on the table in Washington State !
Linda Boyd
Washington For Impeachment
( Original Article )
Today 's featured article Wruaaa moauaow rooaunaaaou haoaarroaaoao wuiorrouao raooavouuoa rroaoruaa noaoroua ruoauyohuuoa ruyu waoaruaa .
Mruoaa hauoaarruuaaa wrya : ruouua rouooao haouuo riuroouo rruaouovuouau hauuaaahuao mauoooaruaa .
Wraoao vouwooiaaoa haaaau vauauaw huarauoa ruaaomouuu .
Rwuoa nauo ruuaorraooua voaoavoauaa wuauaruuo haaaauvaaooaah rrooiuyohuuaaaa ?
Rmoaaoo wraoaoooao wooua rohoyo .
Wvaaauraouoanoo ruoaorruuuu raoaroaoa rruaoaa . ( more ... )
Recently featured : Rhuaouaraaouorrauo huaaooauraaaoo - Wwuou - Rnaouaua wayuraaouuo
Did you know ... ... that ruaoarvuuuauo hoaoihoaow Mmooioo rouuaruoaa rroaoinuoyo waaoovrhauuuui raoaoaaoohaaau rooaauhaouaa rruauauarauoau hoaaarru raaa ?
rouuaruoaa rroaoinuoyo waaoovrhauuuui raoaoaaoohaaau rooaauhaouaa rruauauarauoau hoaaarru raaa ?
... that ruoouaruaooa rmawoaauu Nvoouaaowoaaauroaooua rrooaaanoooaaun rauoouhaaa huaarauaoaaa voaa waouaarrouao ?
rrooaaanoooaaun rauoouhaaa huaarauaoaaa voaa waouaarrouao ?
... that waauaoovhuauaa hoa huuuaou Hnauaauoaowaooua ruuuuohuooaiu haaaoaarrauoo ruouaaoruoaoauuo maoouorraa roaourwaiaaaoao ?
haaaoaarrauoo ruouaaoruoaoauuo maoouorraa roaourwaiaaaoao ?
... that vuaa rruaaurrouoa Wrraauai waaoaau ruoaiao roauaaurwuaaa raaaiaoanaoaoo maaaoovooaooa vuvou ?
waaoaau ruoaiao roauaaurwuaaa raaaiaoanaoaoo maaaoovooaooa vuvou ?
... that rruuarooauao maaoaouvvouaau Nroaaoo muauvuoaou houaaa mauoomaaoau vuauaavoau ?
muauvuoaou houaaa mauoomaaoau vuauaavoau ?
... that hoaaaioruaoao vaaourauaoo Vroaoa haaoaoraaoo vioaouvuaaoa waouoo rraiunaaa wauou ?
- I am not sure if this is even a word , it just made sense in my juvenile vocabulary .
You are kinda on your own for this one , I pried mine off of an old chair in my garage and filed the backs off with a dremel .
If using an authentic sized rubik 's cube , these will need to be smaller than 5/8th's of an inch square , and preferably no deeper than 1/16th of an inch ( or the cube will become noticably cumbersome in size ) .
If you can only find 5 shapes ... do n't fret ... remember that a single side missing shapes is still an identifyer ( provided all other sides have identifyers ) .
Other options ( not as cool looking in my opinion ) are sandpaper , wood , cardboard , plastic , etc .
Scrapbook or craft stores might be a good place to shop for something like this .
WARNING 1 : The Designs must FEEL different from each other .
Each shape needs to have a distinguishing characteristic to differentiate it by touch rather than sight .
THIS IS IMPERATIVE .
WARNING 2 : It is best to ensure that each of the 6 shapes is quadratically symetric * in design ( i.e. turning the shape 90 degrees yeilds same design as before turned ) .
This ensures that after mixing and solving ... the cube looks complete ( note that one of my shapes does not follow this rule ) .
Many who are new to Rubik 's cubes are unaware of the fact that if you were to draw arrows on each square of the cube when you buy it , solving it to perfection is not as easy as some pieces will not be soundly placed ( arrows in all same directions ) .
See picture for understanding ... you see the colors are all in place ... but the cube is not truly solved .
Unless you know how to solve a cube like this ... you will want to ensure the designs on the tabs are symetric as I mentioned .
Many Iranian women say their rights have been stamped on
She has been ordered to begin her sentence of two - and - a - half years in prison and a flogging on Saturday .
Ms Ali , 24 , joined a protest last year calling for greater legal rights for Iranian women .
Dozens of journalists and activists have been detained or jailed recently , accused of acting against the state .
Police broke up the demonstration Ms Ali was part of last year which called for greater rights for women in Iran 's Islamic legal system .
Ms Ali says the security forces broke her left hand when they beat up the demonstrators .
Chilling warning
Delaram
Ali has been free while awaiting the result of an appeal .
But she has now been told to give herself up by Saturday so the sentence can be implemented .
She says she has not been allowed to file a complaint against the police .
Instead an internal inquiry recently exonerated the police even though foreign journalists witnessed them beating the women who were singing feminist songs while sitting peacefully on the grass in a public square .
What is notable about Delaram Ali is that she is not a well - known leader of Iran 's feminist movement who has repeatedly challenged the government .
The BBC's Frances Harrison says her punishment will be a chilling warning to anyone thinking of dabbling with politics .
It comes as the Iranian Writers Association has talked of the increasing suppression of the press - with writers , journalists , academics , labour and social activists being arrested and newspapers closed down one after another .
One of Iran 's most outspoken human rights activists , Emadeddin Baghi , was arrested last month and there has been no news of him since .
He was a man who tirelessly campaigned for the rights of political prisoners - only to become one himself , our correspondent says .
Courts have also recently upheld jail sentences for the leaders of Iran 's bus drivers ' union and teachers ' organisations after protests over low pay .
Last updated at 00:58 13 February 2008
So that 's all right then .
The Archbishop
of Canterbury's
remarks about sharia law
were completely
and totally misunderstood .
He has apologised
for his " unclarity " and
expressing himself clumsily ,
but definitely not for
what he said .
End of story .
This , four days after Dr
Williams ' comments on the
need to accommodate sharia
law in Britain ignited public
outrage .
His remarks united in condemnation
politicians from all
parties along with people of all
religions and none .
Phone lines
to radio and TV programmes
were jammed with furious calls ,
website were deluged and
inside the church there were
calls for him to resign .
Scroll down for more ...
Yet the day after Dr Williams
faced the Synod to fight for his
professional life , liberal voices
were loud in support of the
" misunderstood " prelate .
He was apparently the victim
of both " the tabloids " and
" traditionalists " in his own
church who had been gunning
for him since he took office .
To the BBC he was merely
" guilty of innocence " ; his problem
was that his enormous brain
was simply incapable of " neatly
packaged soundbites " ; and it
gushed that he was " a great "
Archbishop of Canterbury .
For its part , the Synod had
given him a standing ovation .
The arch - muddler had turned
into a martyr .
So how had Dr
Williams pulled off this miracle ?
I 'm sorry but this really looks
like smoke and mirrors .
There
are no fewer than seven cogent
reasons why Dr Williams's
position is more untenable
today than it was at the start of
the week .
ONE : His mea culpa that his
" unclarity " had led people to
misunderstand what he said .
Put to one side the implied
insult behind the self - deprecation ,
that the public were too
stupid to understand him .
His excuse ignored the key
fact that the public had
exploded in anger five hours
before his lecture , when he said
on BBC Radio's The World At
One that " one law for everybody " was " a bit of a danger " ,
that Islamic sharia law was not
" an alien and rival system " and
that the adoption of sharia was
" unavoidable " .
It was this , a shocking and
unequivocal renunciation of the
core principle of equality before
the law , that provoked the fury .
So his excuse that people had
jumped to the wrong conclusions
from his lecture demonstrably did n't hold water .
TWO : He gave that interview
in the first place as part of a
strategy to manipulate public
opinion .
Well before his lecture
was even written , Lambeth
Palace 's press advisers were
pondering how to secure the
most favourable media reaction
from a densely argued address
which was bound to be
intensely controversial .
The wheeze they hit upon was
to offer an exclusive interview
with Dr Williams to The World
At One , so that they could carefully
" manage " the reaction to
his lecture .
Unfortunately , this cynical
plan spectacularly boomeranged
when Dr Williams said on
air a number of things which
were both incendiary and
crystal clear .
The result was that
within minutes of the interview ,
the radio programme 's phones
were ringing with calls from
furious listeners .
THREE : Having seen his
attempt to control public reaction
go so badly wrong , Dr
Williams tried to pretend that
he had not said what he did in
fact say .
In particular , he told the
Synod that he had not been
talking about " parallel jurisdictions "
of sharia and English law .
But in his lecture he had
talked in terms of " supplementary
jurisdictions " , and
suggested an end to Britain's
" legal monopoly " so that British
Muslims could choose to be
dealt with under either sharia
or English law .
That inescapably implies everyequal
status — or parallel
jurisdictions .
But on this point
Dr Williams chose be less than
transparent — and added to
the confusion .
He told the
Synod that he merely wanted
to offer additional choices for
" resolving disputes and regulating
transactions " .
This implied that all he
wanted to do was extend the
existing system , already used
by both British Muslims and
Jews , of informal religious
tribunals whose decisions have
no force of law .
A " jurisdiction " , however , is a
very different matter .
It is a
means of enforcing a body of
law .
And indeed , in his lecture
Dr Williams actually spoke of " a
delegation of certain functions "
of English law to sharia courts .
So his disavowal was disingenuous
to the point of being
downright misleading .
True , he said nothing should
prevent Muslim women from
having recourse to the remedies
of English human rights
law .
But in his interview he also
spoke about " an alternative to
the divorce courts " .
How on earth would human
rights law help protect a British
Muslim woman who is exposed
to manifold injustice , violence
and even " honour killings "
under the sharia family law Dr
Williams wishes to entrench ?
FOUR : The Archbishop's
inexcusable naivety about
sharia law .
He made clear he
was talking about a " soft " kind
of sharia .
But while this is
espoused by reformist Muslims ,
there would be nothing to stop
its more draconian provisions
being enacted here .
Indeed , Islam has never
allowed itself to be a pick and
mix religion , nor to be
subservient to any other legal
system .
Entrenching it within
our system would inevitably
introduce principles that are
inimical to British justice .
FIVE : Dr Williams 's prescriptions
would spell the end of British identity .
Until now , all
minorities have set up their
own communities of faith and
culture under the law of the
land , which binds us all as
equally loyal citizens of this
country .
But Dr Williams suggested
that English and sharia law
should engage in a grotesque
" competition for loyalty " among
British Muslims , whom he
described as facing the " stark
alternatives " of allegiance to
their culture or the state .
It is simply unacceptable for
the head of this country 's
established church to say , in
effect , that if Muslims refuse to
adhere to British values then
Britain will have to become a
bit Muslim .
SIX : Dr Williams 's remarks will
already have emboldened
British Islamist radicals and
recruited yet more to their
cause .
Some will disagree but I
believe they will see in his
willingness to accommodate
sharia law evidence that British
society is now terminally weakened
and is theirs for the taking .
SEVEN : His remarks will have
a devastating effect on Christians
in the Third World .
Do n't forget Dr Williams is the head of
a church whose members , in
countries such as Sudan ,
Nigeria , Pakistan and elsewhere ,
are being persecuted ,
harassed , attacked , forcibly
converted and murdered in
large numbers at the hands of
the enforcers of sharia law .
By proposing to entrench
sharia law in Britain , he has
both betrayed his besieged
flock worldwide and weakened
Britain against the danger that
it faces from the same Islamist
enemy that threatens Christians
around the world .
That , disgracefully , is what
the Synod rose to its feet to
applaud when it gave Dr
Williams its standing ovation .
No , there was no public
misunderstanding over the
Archbishop 's remarks .
People
understood precisely what he
was saying .
But now he has
compounded that gross
misjudgment by spinning it as
cynically as any venal politician .
For shame .
In many machine learning papers experiments are done and little confidence bars are reported for the results .
This often seems quite clear , until you actually try to figure out what it means .
There are several different kinds of ‘ confidence ’ being used , and it ’s easy to become confused .
Confidence = Probability .
For those who have n’t worried about confidence for a long time , confidence is simply the probability of some event .
You are confident about events which have a large probability .
This meaning of confidence is inadequate in many applications because we want to reason about how much more information we have , how much more is needed , and where to get it .
As an example , a learning algorithm might predict that the probability of an event is 0.5 , but it ’s unclear if the probability is 0.5 because no examples have been provided or 0.5 because many examples have been provided and the event is simply fundamentally uncertain .
Classical Confidence Intervals .
These are common in learning theory .
The essential idea is that world has some true - but - hidden value , such as the error rate of a classifier .
Given observations from the world ( such as err - or - not on examples ) , an interval is constructed around the hidden value .
The semantics of the classical confidence interval is : the ( random ) interval contains the ( determistic but unknown ) value , with high probability .
Classical confidence intervals ( as applied in machine learning ) typically require that observations are independent .
They have some drawbacks discussed previously .
One drawback of concern is that classical confidence intervals breakdown rapidly when conditioning on information .
Bayesian Confidence Intervals .
These are common in several machine learning applications .
If you have a prior distribution over the way the world creates observations , then you can use Bayes law to construct a posterior distribution over the way the world creates observations .
With respect to this posterior distribution , you construct an interval containing the truth with high probability .
The semantics of a Bayesian confidence interval is “ If the world is drawn from the prior the interval contains the truth with high probability ” .
No assumption of independent samples is required .
Unlike classical confidence intervals , it ’s easy to have a statement conditioned on features .
For example , “ the probability of disease given the observations is in [ 0.8,1 ] ” .
My principal source of uneasiness with respect to Bayesian confidence intervals is the “ If the world is drawn from the prior ” clause — I believe it is difficult to know and specify a correct prior distribution .
Many Bayesians are n’t bothered by this , but the meaning of a Bayesian confidence interval becomes unclear if you work with an incorrect ( or subjective ) prior .
Asymptotic Intervals .
This is also common in applied machine learning , which I strongly dislike .
The basic line of reasoning seems to be : “ Someone once told me that if observations are IID , then their average converges to a normal distribution , so let ’s use an unbiased estimate of the mean and variance , assume convergence , and then construct a confidence interval for the mean of a gaussian ” .
Asymptotic intervals are asymptotically equivalent to classical confidence intervals , but they can differ spectacularly with finite sample sizes .
The simplest example of this is when a classifier has zero error rate on a test set .
A classical confidence interval for the error rate is [ 0 , log ( 1/d ) /n ] where n is the size of the test set and d is the probability that the interval contains the truth .
For asymptotic intervals you get [ 0,0 ] which is bogus in all applications I ’ve encountered .
Internal Confidence Intervals .
This is not used much , except in agnostic active learning analysis .
The essential idea , is that we cease to make intervals about the world , and instead make intervals around our predictions of the world .
The real world might assign label 0 or label 1 given a particular context x , and we could only discover the world ’s truth by actually observing x ,y labeled examples .
Yet , it turns out to sometimes be easy to infer “ our learning algorithm will definitely predict label 1 given features x “ .
This allowed dependence on x means we can efficiently guide exploration .
A basic question is : can this notion of internal confidence guide other forms of exploration ?
Gamesman intervals .
Vovk and Shafer have been working on new foundations of probability , where everything is stated in terms of games .
In this setting , a confidence interval is ( roughly ) a set of predictions output by an adaptive rule with the property that it contains the true observation a large fraction of the time .
This approach has yet to catch on , but it is interesting because it provides a feature dependent confidence interval without making strong assumptions about the world .
They Might Be Giants performed at last years ' TED conference .
Courtesy Flickr / jurvetson
A sold - out confab of celebrities , industry titans and alpha geeks will converge on Monterey , California , for a four - day , invitation - only celebration of big ideas this week .
Now in its 24th year , TED begins on Wednesday and runs through Saturday .
It is an elite event where leaders in technology , entertainment and design gather to cross-pollinate ideas and gain inspiration from presentations on the latest developments in sciences and the arts .
Political leaders take the stage too : Former President Bill Clinton received the annual TED prize at last year 's conference ; former Vice President Al Gore has also been a speaker .
The conference attracts a wide range of people , from Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin to musician Peter Gabriel and filmmaker J.J. Abrams .
Those who can't afford the $ 6,000 price tag for TED 's excellent adventure have an alternate for the first time this year with a parallel conference called BIL , which will be held near the conference center housing TED .
BIL is an open - ended gathering designed to complement TED , and begins just after the closing beach party that ends TED on Saturday .
BIL does not charge attendees but conference goers must create their own roster of speakers – anyone who shows up at BIL can give a presentation there .
The list of scheduled speakers includes some current and past TED presenters .
About 1,100 people are expected to attend TED .
This year 's conference theme is " Big Questions , " and speakers will be looking at core issues like who we are , where we came from and what our place is in the universe .
The 50 - plus speakers will include theoretical physicist Garrett Lisi , who garnered headlines last year after publishing his Exceptionally Simple Theory of Everything online , which proposes a unified theory of the universe 's structure that rivals the widely supported string theory .
Experimental physicist Brian Cox will be discussing the Large Hadron Collider at the CERN lab outside Geneva , Switzerland , which scientists hope will provide information to support string theory or other theories of the universe after the Collider 's turned on for the first time this summer .
Stanford psychologist Philip Zimbardo will look at why people become evil by discussing his famous 1971 Stanford prison experiment , in which students playing " prison guards " in a simulation quickly became abusive toward their " prisoners . "
Zimbardo will discuss how the abuses perpetrated by the students in his study parallel what guards at the Abu Ghraib prison did to inmates in Iraq .
Other speakers include John Knoll , creator of Photoshop and visual effects supervisor for Star Wars : Episode III – Revenge of the Sith and Mission Impossible , author Amy Tan and fashion designer Isaac Mizrahi .
Former Vice President Al Gore is also slated to give a presentation , though organizers have n't revealed the subject of his talk yet .
Two years ago Gore presented his now - famous slide show on global warming to the influential TED crowd .
The conference has recently adopted a more socially - conscious focus designed to get the wealthy power brokers thinking about projects that can improve the world .
That was the impetus for the TED prize , an annual award launched in 2005 to recognize individuals whose work has had and will have a powerful and positive impact on society .
It provides each recipient with $ 100,000 and the chance to ask for help from the TED community in achieving one grand wish to change the world .
The three winners of this year 's TED prize will announce their wishes at the conference on Thursday .
The winners include Cambridge University theoretical physicist Neil Turok , author and founder of the 826 Valencia literacy project Dave Eggers and former nun and comparative - religions scholar Karen Armstrong .
TED , which has long been an elite gathering , opened up to a much wider audience after it began posting – video of its talks on its website in 2006 .
According to conference organizers , 200 talks from past TED gatherings have been posted so far and have been viewed around 30 million times .
Wired.com will publish stories from the conference all week and will also be covering it on our Epicenter blog .
TED 2008 Coverage Q&A With Paleontologist Peter Ward : Hydrogen Sulfide May Kill Us , Bring Us Back to Life Informal Conference Borrows TED ’s Big Ideas , Not Its Pretense Q&A With Brian Cox : Rock Star - Turned - Physicist Trades Keyboard for Atom Smasher Q&A With British scholar Susan Blackmore : Humans Are Just Machines for Propagating Memes Q&A With A. Garrett Lisi : Surfer - Physicist 's Unified Theory Leads to Fame , Backlash Q&A With Philip Zimbardo : How Good People Turn Evil , From Stanford to Abu Ghraib More TED News on Wired 's Epicenter Blog Digerati en Route to TED
TED : Jeff Han , A Year Later
Epicenter : Bill Clinton Out - Charisma'd at the TED Prizes
ONE of the more striking end - of - year statistics pumped out recently by the Chinese government was an update on the number of internet users in the country , which had reached 210 m .
It is a staggering figure , up by more than 50 % on the previous year and more than three times the number for India , the emerging Asian giant with which China is most often compared .
Within a few months , according to Morgan Stanley , an investment bank , China will have more internet users than America , the current leader .
And because the proportion of the population using the internet is so low , at just 16 % , rapid growth is likely to continue for some time .
That such a big , increasingly wealthy and technologically adept country has embraced the internet is no surprise , but it has done so in a very different way from other countries .
That is in large part the result of the government 's historically repressive approach towards information and entertainment .
News is censored , television is controlled by the state , and bookshops and cinemas , shuttered during the Cultural Revolution , are still scarce .
The internet itself is also tightly controlled .
Access to many foreign websites ( such as Wikipedia ) is restricted , and Google 's Chinese site filters its results to exclude politically sensitive material .
New rules governing online video came into force this week .
Electronic retailing is in its infancy , thanks to an unwieldy government - controlled payment system , so most shopping is still done in person .
The attempt by eBay , the world 's leading online auction site , to enter the Chinese market was a flop .
Alibaba , a site often described as the eBay of China , is in fact more an electronic yellow pages , helping buyers find sellers , than an online auction room .
The Chinese way
Yet it is all these limitations , paradoxically , that make the internet so popular in China .
In the West online activities have transformed existing businesses and created new ones ; in China , by contrast , the internet fills gaps and provides what is unavailable elsewhere , particularly for young people .
More than 70 % of Chinese internet users are under 30 , precisely the opposite of America , and there is enormous pent - up demand for entertainment , amusement and social interaction , says Richard Ji , an analyst at Morgan Stanley .
Rich rewards await those entrepreneurial internet companies able to meet that demand and establish themselves in the market : operating margins for leading internet firms are 28 % in China , compared with 15 % in America .
And internet companies ' share prices have shot up , with their collective market capitalisation nearly doubling every year since 2003 to reach over $ 50 billion today .
So what is the internet used for in China ?
Its most obvious use is to distribute free pirated films , television shows and music .
Even though China 's censors do an excellent job of restricting access to content that might cause political problems , they are strangely unable to stem the flow of pirated foreign media .
On December 30th an appeals court in Beijing ruled in favour of Baidu , China 's leading search engine , which had been accused by the world 's big record companies of copyright violation by providing links to pirated music files .
Even so , piracy is starting to worry the government , not least because the availability of free foreign content is holding back the development of the domestic media industry .
But for the time being , the free - for - all continues .
When it comes to making money online , the biggest market involves the delivery of mobile - internet content to mobile phones .
With over half a billion mobile - phone users , China has more subscribers than America , Japan , Germany and Britain combined , and more than half of them use their phones to buy ringtones , jokes and pictures from mobile - internet portals such as KongZhong and Tom Online .
Each download costs a few cents , most of which goes to the portal , but the mobile operators then make money as subscribers send jokes and pictures to each other .
It all sounds trivial , but a few cents here and there multiplied by hundreds of millions of users soon add up .
The ringtone from a hit song , “ Mice Love Rice ” , generated over $ 10 m in sales in 2005 , for example .
Another big field is online multiplayer games , which have become so popular that the government has started to worry about their impact on adults ' productivity and children 's education .
Import restrictions and fear of piracy mean that the big foreign console - makers — Sony , Nintendo and Microsoft — have not made much headway in China .
Instead , a different model has emerged , based around PC games played online .
Generally the game itself is given away , so piracy is not a problem , but players pay a subscription to play , and may also buy in - game add - ons such as accessories for their characters .
Big providers such as NetEase and Shanda have millions of customers for games such as “ Fantasy Westward Journey ” , a cartoon game for children , and “ World of Legend ” , for teenagers and adults .
Although there are tight constraints on the provision of hard news , internet sites such as Sina and Sohu provide a steady supply of gossip , features , dabs of propaganda and slightly salacious stories and photos , and are constantly testing the boundaries of what is permissible .
Video of America 's professional basketball league and English football games is also popular , and can be packaged with streaming advertisements , another emerging business in China .
The most dynamic area , and the hardest for outsiders to understand , is that of online communities , many of which are run by a company named Tencent .
Its site offers an instant - messaging service and a MySpace - like social networking site , among other things .
In each case the basic services are free , but users pay for add - ons ( such as new backgrounds for their home - pages or more storage space ) .
Often , says Mr Ji , the members of these communities are people who , because of the single - child policy , have no siblings and are searching for virtual friendships .
For them and for many users in China , the internet is not truly a worldwide web : it is only as wide as China .
But China 's internet community is evidently a world unto itself .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook RIO DE JANEIRO 
Dutch scientist Marc van Roosmalen 's success at combing the Amazon for new monkey species has earned him international acclaim and recognition as one of the world 's leading biologists .
Time magazine named him one of its " Heroes for the Planet . "
Now his work has earned him a more troubling distinction : a nearly 16 - year prison sentence .
He was jailed in June for nearly two months before a panel of judges freed him on bail Tuesday while he appeals .
Van Roosmalen was convicted of holding an Internet auction for the naming rights of two monkey species he discovered .
He planned to use the proceeds to help preserve their habitats .
But the court ruled the auction was illegal because van Roosmalen was working at Brazil 's National Institute for Amazon Research at the time of the discoveries and said the naming rights belonged to the government .
Van Roosmalen blames the state 's powerful logging interests and overzealous environmental regulators for orchestrating his conviction and accuses them of trying to discourage scientific investigation .
" They are criminalizing science , " van Roosmalen told The Associated Press in a telephone interview this week from the Amazon city of Manaus .
Scientists have rallied around van Roosmalen , saying the case highlights a growing conflict between scientific research and Brazil 's efforts to protect the Amazon with some of the world 's toughest environmental laws .
" Dr. van Roosmalen 's situation is indicative of a trend of governmental repression of scientists in Brazil , " read a letter signed by nearly 300 international scientists at an Association for Tropical Biology and Conservation meeting in Mexico .
Some also suggest van Roosmalen — who sent monkey samples abroad for DNA analysis — may be a victim of widespread fears that scientists are conspiring to patent the valuable genetic information Brazil considers to be its national heritage .
Van Roosmalen also was convicted of keeping wild animals at his home without authorization , and selling a scaffolding that had been donated to the institute .
His lawyer , David Neves , calls the charges baseless and the sentence disproportionate .
" The sentence was very stiff , it 's not normal , " Neves said .
Prosecutors countered that Roosmalen 's conviction sets an important example .
" Brazil is n't against science , but there is a code of ethics that exists , " said an assistant to federal prosecutor Edmilson da Costa Barreiros Jr. " Science does n't justify the seriousness of these crimes . "
Van Roosmalen said he was thrown in jail without warning on June 15 , after a sentencing hearing that neither he nor his lawyer attended .
" I spent six weeks in prison being threatened .
I have some very powerful enemies , " van Roosmalen said , alluding to logging and ranching interests in Amazonas state that he believes pressed for the charges .
Van Roosmalen did not explain how he made those enemies , but many of his discoveries were made in a region near the Madeira and Aripuana rivers where logging is increasing .
His discovery of new species and plan to preserve habitat have the potential to make logging more difficult .
Federal prosecutors said if van Roosmalen believes he is being threatened or framed , he should file a formal complaint and they would be happy to investigate .
Many scientists say Brazil 's regulations often hamper legitimate research , even as loggers and ranchers escape punishment for routinely ignoring environmental regulations .
At 60 , van Roosmalen cuts a maverick figure , with long blond hair and a penchant for wearing shirts opened to the waist .
The scientist , who is a naturalized Brazilian , has published scientific descriptions of five new monkey species , a new porcupine and a new peccary species , and says he has discovered about 20 additional monkey and other animal species .
" I think my father felt that if he followed all the necessary requirements , he 'd never get anything done , " Vasco van Roosmalen , the scientist 's son , told The Associated Press .
" He had the attitude that if he was doing the right thing , the rules were not important .
That can get you into trouble in Brazil . "
Van Roosmalen 's lawyer said officials from Brazil 's environmental protection agency , Ibama , seemed to have no problem with his client keeping monkeys at home in the past , and even brought him sick or orphaned monkeys .
Henrique Pereira , the Ibama chief of Amazonas state , said officials may have brought monkeys to van Roosmalen between 1996 and 2001 , when his request to house wild animals was being considered , but stopped once the permit was denied and van Roosmalen was obliged to remove the monkeys .
Prosecutors also noted that van Roosmalen was fired from a government research institute for sending genetic material abroad , among other irregularities .
Congressman Jose Sarney Filho , a former environmental minister who led a commission investigating bio-piracy , said van Roosmalen was singled out as an outsider in a region rife with rumors that developed nations want to control the Amazon and its natural diversity .
" I think he 's being made a scapegoat , but he gave them reason to go after him , " said Sarney .
" My impression was he was a disorganized scientist .
You could do what he did without meaning any harm . "
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
California ( TGW ) –
The scientist who mapped his own genome and the genetic diversity said he is creating a life form that feeds on carbon dioxide to produce fuel .
Craig Venter disclosed his potentially world - changing " fourth - generation fuel " project at an elite Technology , Entertainment and Design conference in front of an audience that included Al Gore .
" We have modest goals of replacing the whole petrochemical industry and becoming a major source of energy , " Venter said .
" We think we will have fourth - generation fuels in about 18 months , with CO2 as the fuel stock .
" He is leading a team of researchers that are reengineering existing life forms with synthetic chromosomes , not creating whole new life .
Organisms already exist that produce octane , but not in the levels we need , he said .
Scientists put " suicide genes " into their living creations so that if they escape the lab , they can be triggered to kill themselves .
Via :: AFP
Most business cards are boring , the “ Grow Card ” is not .
Simply water the card , wait four days , and you ’ve got a surprise that really grows on you .
Click here for one more picture .
[ via YankoDesign ]
Most business cards are boring , the “ Grow Card ” is not .
Simply water the card , wait four days , and you ’ve got a surprise that really grows on you .
Click here for one more picture .
梅田さん の 「ウェブ時代をゆく」を読んで、シリコンバレーに来たころを思い出した。９１１テロの直後に渡米し、それからしばらくしてのことである。こちらにきて将来的に何がしたいのか妻に問われ、こう答えたのだった。
「 儲からない仕事がしたい 」
妻にはずいぶんあきれられてしまった。
まあ確かに、それならなぜ大学を辞めて資本主義の最先端のようなところに来るんだ、と普通は考えるだろう。でもこれは、その当時自分なりにネットの行き着く先を考えてのことなのだ。ネットが今後発展していけば、儲からない仕事ができるようになる。ネットが未発達な今は、儲からない仕事ができる社会を作るため、技術的貢献をしたい。技術革新で社会を変えていきたいと思うならシリコンバレーが理想の地だと考えた。
その後、しばらくしてから、自分のいう「儲からない」、という意味がスモールビジネスとベンチャービジネスの違いのことだと知った。
本書の第二章にも登場するクレイグスリストのこともこちらで知り、大変共感もした。
「 経済のゲーム」という観点からは、クレイグのしてきたことは「巨大な機械損失」に見える。しかしクレイグはインタビュー（米「BUSINESS 2.0」誌、二〇〇七年五月号）に答えて、自分たちは「素晴らしい信頼の環境」を作ったと自負する。事業上の利益を追求しすぎるとコミュニティの「信頼」を失うとクレイグは確信している。(第二章p.74 )
大学にいたころに参加型の映画評サイトCinemaScapeを作ってから今年で１０年になるが、大学を辞めてからも非営利サイトとして存続している。どう存続させるかに関しては、事業化する可能性も、事業としてどこかに移管することも考えた。コミュニティにとってベストなビジネスモデルは何か、いろいろ自分なりに検討した。
しかしそこで、クレイグと同じように矛盾に突き当たった。コードを書いたという意味では、CinemaScapeは自分が作ったシステムではある。しかしその上に、参加者が映画評を書き、映画のデータを充実させ、運営のポリシーや新機能の使い勝手などを議論し、そこに交流の場ができた。CinemaScapeを存在させているのはコード（だけ）ではなく、このコミュニティなのだ。それはすでに自分だけのものでない、利用者の誰か一人のものでもない、パブリックな何かだと思った。しかも、それは皆が集まる「場」というだけでもない。今はブログが普及しているので容易に理解してもらえると思うが、CinemaScape ( あるいは今で言うところのWeb2.0的なユーザコンテンツ)は匿名掲示板と違って、単に「場」というだけでなく「もう一人の自分」なのだ。
時はインターネットバブル崩壊のときである。その中で、拡大路線を続けて崩壊していったコミュニティサイトをみた。会社の事業の失敗は、参加者からみれば、「もう一人の自分」が突然失われてしまうことを意味するのだ。今から５〜６年前の当時の技術的環境から見ると、コミュニティサイトを事業化するには設備、開発、運営体制などにかなり投資しなければ、安定したサービスを継続すとはできず、それに対して経済的なリターンは明確でなかった。ベンチャー的なやり方とコミュニティ的なものとはそぐわないのではないか。そう思うようになった（第七章の「スモールビジネスとベンチャー」(p219)も参照されたい）。
このギャップを埋めるには、コミュニティを支えるインフラストラクチャをもっと成熟させなければならない。だから自分はもう一人のクレイグになるよりも、たくさんのクレイグが生まれるような環境の構築に力を注ぎたい。その考えが自分の研究への動機につながった。
これを一言で言うと 、 「 将来儲からない仕事ができるようにシリコンバレーに来て研究してます」ということになるんだけど…。
さて、本書の第一章において、梅田さんは、Googleのような企業がいかに成長しようとも、ネットビジネスの直接の経済規模はリアルな世界の経済規模に比べて小さく、そこだけを見ていると「もうひとつの地球」の本質を見誤ってしまう、と説いている。その視点に同感する。
「 ネットといえばイコール、ネットビジネスだ」と認識し、ネットビジネスの動きだけでウェブ進化の意味を判断しようとすると、その本質を見誤ってしまう。それが明らかになりつつあるのが、ネットを巡る現状ではないかと思う。(第一章p48 )
そもそも、検索と広告は本質的には矛盾を抱えているんじゃないか。そんなことをここ１０年ほど思っている。つまり、（広い意味での）検索の性能が理想的なまでに高ければ、広告は成り立たなくなってしまうということだ。それゆえ、検索連動広告はほんとうに「奇跡的な組み合わせ(p41)」だと思う。だがそれが成り立つのは、原理的には検索の不完全性のためである。検索結果にはない何かがあるから、ユーザが広告部分をクリックする。でも検索結果自体の質が悪ければそもそも人は検索しない。その微妙なバランスの上に成り立っている。例えば今の検索技術は「○○が知りたい」のか「○○がほしい（買いたい）」のかといったユーザの目的を区別できていない。目的志向の検索性能がより高まってくると、検索結果自体が「○○がほしい（買いたい）」という要求にも答えられてしまい、ユーザにとっての広告情報の価値（つまり広告主にとっての検索スペースの価値）は相対的に低まってしまう。検索性能が理想的に高くなるのは（人工知能が完全に解決されない限り）当分ないだろうから広告が無意味になることはないだろうが、技術の進歩によって将来的に衰退していくべき、あるいはもっと「別の何か」に収斂されていくべきものなのではないか。
この話は広告というモデルに限らない。そもそも、ネットとでかい儲け話というのは本質的な部分で相性が悪いように直感的に思う。経済の専門家でないのでおおざっぱな言い方しかできないが、結局のところ、大きな儲けがどこかに生まれるには情報の不完全性が必要とされており、そしてネットの究極の目標は情報の不完全性の解消にあるのではないかということだ。
現実的には、ネットが発展していく過程でGoogleのように成長するベンチャーもまだ現れるだろうが、そこが本質ではないように感じる。スモールビジネス的なものの拡大にこそウェブの行き着く先があるように思う。
ウェブ時代を同時代的ににとらえた上で、今を生きるための提言として、梅田さんの言うことに共感する。だがより歴史的な観点でとらえると、将来的にこの変化は「心のありよう」にとどまらないと思う。スモールビジネスという選択肢をより豊かにしていくことで、結果的に産業構造にも大きな変化をもたらすのではないかと考えている。「経済のゲーム」のルールは金融技術的なイノベーションと情報技術的なイノベーションの兼ね合いで今後も変わっていくだろう。その過程で「ベンチャー的」だったものが「スモールビジネス的」になっていく*1。それは著作権・知財権のあり方を変え、組織のあり方を変えるだろう。
高く険しい道のふもとあたりでもがいている間に、こちらに来たころのことなんて忘れてしまいがちだっただが、この本を読んで、初心を思い出すことができたことに感謝したい。今自分が進んでいる道をもう一度振り返り、そしてまた前を向く。この道の行き着く先、そこにあるけもの道のために、今から仕込んでいかなければ。
These are products which can seriously damage your financial wealth .
In some cases , the products can be OK if used carefully .
But , often the principle seems to be merely taking advantage of the unwary consumer .
Some of these products are blatantly bad value ; but , others have their charges cleverly hidden .
Make sure you do n’t get caught up in products such as these .
10 Financial Products to Avoid
1. Credit Cards with High Interest
If you pay your balance off every month , credit cards can be beneficial and helpful .
However , if you start accumulating debt , the interest payments can become a real burden making it difficult to ever pay off the original debt .
Typical APR interest rates can be 15 - 26 % .
Which means on a balance of £ 1,000 you will be paying over £ 160 - £ 260 interest .
The interest burden is magnified because you will start paying interest on the interest charges .
Many credit cards make it easy to only pay a small monthly payment .
But , in paying only a minimum the debt burden can easily escalate .
The other feature of a credit card is that it is easy to buy impulsively , without thinking about your budget .
If you are frequently tempted to splash out on plastic and worry about it later , consider tearing them up and just spending the cash in your pocket .
2. Pay Day Loans
Who would want to take a loan with an annual interest payment of 2,317 % ?
Pay Day Loans work by making short term loans of a few days , at a certain fixed cost .
However , this often disguises the fact that it is basically a loan with an excessively high interest rate .
If you make a habit of paying interest rates of over 2,000 % it only increases the likelyhood that you will need more loans in the future .
Because people spend a high % of their income on getting a short term loan , there budget is stretched making it more likely that you will need to keep borrowing .
A pay day loan may be better than defaulting on another loan repayment , or borrowing from a loan shark .
But , they should be seen as a last resort with the cost fully appreciated by the potential borrower .
3. Loan payment Insurance
In the UK and US , investigations found that banks have been guilty of misselling insurance for loans ( PPI ) .
Basically , you pay a monthly premium to protect your loan repayments in case of illness .
Often this kind of insurance works out very expensive ; the insurance can cost up to 50 % of the loan .
( It makes the interest rate on the loan look extortionate ) Furthermore it was revealed that banks kept upto 80 % of the money paid in .
In practise the banks are very reluctant to pay out and they find many reasons why you are not actually eligible .
Many people who took out the extra insurance were also not aware that the loan does not require insurance to be taken out ; many borrowers were under the impression that the insurance was essential for the loan .
There are some things we do need to insure , but there are also times when we need to avoid taking out insurance schemes that are both very expensive and unnecessary .
4. The Balloon Mortgage
Never has one financial product done so much to undermine an economy .
A balloon mortgage is a term to describe a mortgage product with an attractive 1 year interest rate , which then shoots up to a much higher interest rate after the first year .
Introductory deals are not intrinsically bad , but , the problem with these kind of mortgages was that many homeowners were unaware of the true cost of the mortgage payments after the introductory period ended .
One would assume that the subprime crisis would have made these kind of products very rare , but this experience shows the problem of trusting mortgage companies to regulate themselves .
Read all the small print and if you have a relative that is not financially illiterate offer to help advise before they commit to products like this .
5 . The World ’s Worst Credit Card
Every now and then , financial companies seem to bring out products which seem designed for the person who has either money to burn or is completely financially illiterate .
Make sure you never get taken in for a product like the Visa ‘ Aspire ’ card ( presumably aspiring to take as much money of the consumer as possible )
Some of the many ‘ Features ’ of this card :
Annual fees .
$ 150 a year
Monthly fee – $ 6.50 monthly ( yes , this is in addition to the annual fee ! )
Application fee . $ 29 just to open the account !
Minimum APR of 19.50 %
Initial credit limit – $ 300 ( after opening fees annual , fees and monthly fees , you might just be able to buy yourself a calculator so you can calculate how much money will be going to the credit card company )
6. Renting Electric
Goods rather than buying
It may be tempting to rent a widescreen TV at a monthly price you can afford .
But , within a few months the cost will be similar to buying it outright .
However , with renting you are left with nothing – only the prospect of never ending monthly payments .
If you can be patient and save the money for a few months , you will give yourself a chance to buy it outright .
If you are desperate to have a widescreen TV , it would make more sense to buy it on a standard loan than rent .
However , it is better to try and save to avoid paying any interest .
7. Standard Lenders Mortgage
Many homeowners pay too much on their mortgage repayments simply because they do n’t take the trouble to remortgage and get a more competitive rate .
Financial companies simply take advantage of consumer inertia .
This means that they charge higher prices to their loyal customers ; but , to new customers they offer the most attractive deal and rates .
Therefore , to get a better deal on your mortgage it only requires a quick phone call to your company to ask for a better deal .
If they fear that you may move to another company , they will invariably offer you a better deal .
With my own mortgage , ringing Standard Life , saved nearly £ 100 ( $ 200 ) a month in lower interest payments .
This principle also applies to other financial products such as , insurance and even bank accounts .
Tip , every year have a quick check to see whether you can move to more competitive deals .
8. The Product That is Too Good To Be True .
This covers all the financial products which at first glance appear to offer an amazing deal .
Always be suspicious of a financial product that claims to solve your financial worries and problems .
Usually , if extravagant claims are made , there will be some kind of catch .
Financial firms are not charities ; if they give you a good deal to start off , they will need to find a way to get their money back .
Never buy under pressure from a salesman , always take time to think about a product before jumping in .
If uncertain take advice from a friend who has some knowledge of financial products .
9. Store Card
Store Cards are like Credit cards except worse .
Rather than charging 17 % , charge cards can charge upto 30 % , just for the privilege of your ‘ loyalty ’ to your favourite shop .
They can be fine if you always pay off the balance , but , once you start paying 30 % interest on your debt , it will be very difficult to get it all reduced .
10 . Interest Only Mortgage
A sure way to end up paying unending amounts of interest without ever coming close to paying of your mortgage debt .
If you get an interest only mortgage , you might as well rent and avoid the risk of falling house prices .
Use an interest only mortgage solely to help in times of extreme cashflow where the alternative is putting your mortgage at risk .
Oh sure , she looks friendly enough .
But do n't let her matronly , argyle looks fool you .
Retired Columbia University Professor , Gertrude Neumark Rothschild , is looking to extract some cold , hard cash from a who 's who of Consumer Electronics giants .
Otherwise , they can forget about importing their goods into the US .
Rothschild 's complaint filed with the US International Trade Commission ( ITC ) on February 20th claims that some 30 companies are violating a patent she owns for light - emitting and laser diodes .
Today , the ITC has agreed to investigate the matter .
It 's worth noting that Rothschild has already successfully tested the judicial waters with lawsuits against Philips and others -- the Philips matter was settled out of court earlier this month .
In other words , her case has legs .
Still , we have very little confidence in the ITC 's grasp of the matter when they name " HD DVD players ( e.g. , Blu-ray disc players ) " as products to be probed .
Full list of companies named in the complaint after the break .
[ Via Reuters and mrontemp ]
Can You Get Rich With These 7 Stock Market Oddball Indicators ?
This is part of our series on “ scary money tips and stories ” .
Last Friday received its own label — “ Gray Friday ” — thanks to the spin - happy media , which pointed out that the Dow tanking 2.6 percent came on the very same day 20 years ago when it plunged 22.6 % on a fateful day remembered as Wall Street ’s “ Black Monday ” .
You would n’t be remiss to expect this plunge on such a stock market anniversary , given that the market often shows some predictability and succumbs to forces that have been around since time immemorial , whether it be structural , economic , political , psychological or even based on superstition .
Evidently , this is why we have various stock market and investment schools of thought that are built on recognizing patterns , chart reading and following history .
But how much does coincidence really play a part in these market dips ?
Whether you believe it or not , such activity has resulted in the emergence of curious stock market superstitions .
Silly as it may sound , I ’ve even gone a step further and wondered : Could you actually get rich anticipating how markets behave in response to these forces ?
You may be surprised to hear my opinion .
Stock Market Superstitions , Patterns and Cycles
# 1 The October Effect
Seems like a lot of bad stuff happens in October , making it a notorious month for investing .
It also looks like this has been the case all the way back in time .
When I first started investing in 1990 , Black Monday was still a fresh episode in the minds of people .
Take note of these examples of wild October stock market behavior :
In late October of 1929 , the stock market crashed for the first time ever with the US markets suffering a serious 30 % loss in value over a span of three days .
This triggered the Great Depression .
On October 19 , 1987 , we got Black Monday , during which the FTSE 100 , the index that tracks the UK ’s 100 largest companies , plunged almost 20 % , while the DJIA ( Dow Jones Industrial Average ) , the index tracking the US 30 biggest corporations gave up 22.6 % .
On October 27 , 1997 , the DJIA fell 554 points or 7.2 % , due to the “ Asian flu ” or financial crisis that emanated from the Asian emerging markets .
There were global repercussions felt from these economies whose troubles stemmed from currency and debt problems ( which were in part , real estate driven ) .
And what ’s a crisis without intervention ?
The IMF and the US stepped in to help stabilize these markets .
Then in the following year , there was the Russian loan crisis and the fall ( with subsequent bail - out ) of Long Term Capital Management , a large hedge fund .
Other Octobers , particularly in 1998 and 2000 saw big dips and volatility in the world of equities .
But here ’s the reality : a study has found that October has actually closed higher 60 % of the time over the past 30 years , whereas September has only done so 39 % of the time .
The truth is , September has been the ugliest month for investors .
I ’ve often bought on dips during these down trends , practicing a contrarian approach .
My contrarian strategy often leads me to rebalance my portfolio during this time of year , in order to take advantage of the lower share prices .
# 2 Sell In May and Go Away
If you ’re the jittery type , then you may have on occasion heeded the saying “ sell in May and go away ” with reference to the weakest time of the year for the stock market — typically between Memorial Day and Labor Day .
Interesting notes on this seasonal trend :
To demonstrate the strength of the November through April period versus May through October , the Stock Trader ’s Almanac tracks the gains you ’d see if you invested $ 10,000 in the Dow industrials on Nov. 1 of each year and then sold April 30 .
If you ’d done that every year since 1950 , you ’d have earned $ 492,060 on a $ 10,000 investment , according to the Almanac .
But if you ’d reversed the whole process , and invested the compounded $ 10,000 during the May - October period , after 54 years you would have ended up with a $ 318 loss .
For the S&P , the gains would be $ 349,165 over the 54 years during the “ best ” six months and gains of $ 7,102 during the “ worst ” six months .
Other research reveals that over the past 25 years , the six months from May to October have seen stock markets rise an average 0.3 % whereas the six months from November to April have seen average rises of 15 % .
Here are some possible explanations for why this happens , as obtained from the publisher of the Stock Trader ’s Almanac , Jeffrey Hirsch .
This is a function of the “ habitual behavior of society , which extends to stocks . ”
The second quarter of the year starts in April , a time when holiday bonuses are spent and accounted for , holiday retail sales peter out and spending gets reined in .
Maybe tax season has got something to do with triggering the more somber mood in the markets ? 😉
Tax refunds are likewise spent and dealt with by May .
Summertime is when people would rather spend time outdoors , on vacation and enjoying the sunshine as opposed to thinking about the markets , which tend to be lackluster and range bound with lower trading volume during this period .
By fall , people get back to work , to school and to getting their routine back in order .
There ’s a “ cleaning mentality ” that takes place , often extending to finances .
Consequently , we expect to see September as the worst performing month for stocks .
October then starts out badly but then turns out better in the end as it heralds the start of the fourth quarter , the best time for the markets .
Big mutual funds may dump losers in preparation for the end of their fiscal year in October .
Things turn up in November , when the holidays kick in and everyone celebrates with spending and a cheerful mood about their money .
Bonuses and holiday sales get the markets going up .
Yes , the best time for the markets is usually from November to April , as holiday after holiday is celebrated .
The string of retail holidays include Halloween , Thanksgiving , Christmas , New Year ’s , Valentine ’s Day and Easter .
All that spending makes the markets happy !
Again , I prefer to buy equities during the weaker seasons , when finances allow .
# 3 Chinese Numerology Figuring In Stock Market Bubble ?
In other parts of the world , it appears that superstition in investment markets may be more rampant .
Check out this bit about Chinese arithmetic :
To professional observers , the Chinese investing public ’s trust in the predictive power of numbers — rather than fundamentals like business prospects or profit — is one of many reminders of how buying on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges looks like gambling .
Brokerages are set up like casinos .
Investors drink tea , smoke and chat as they make trades on computers lined up like slot machines .
Instead of dropping in coins , they swipe bank cards to pay for shares .
Numbers hold a lot of connotation for the Chinese and unsurprisingly , they may have some bearing on how they play the markets .
Given the meanings of these numbers ,
they ’ll steer away from the number 4 ( oh no , death ! ) and chase the number 8 ( for even more fortune and prosperity ! ) .
I can see how that can make their markets dance around like an inebriated dragon .
Last year , Yan Caigen bought 30,000 shares of a cement company because of its lucky ticker code , 600881 , which contains a double - eight .
Yan ’s shares in the cement company , Jilin Yatai ( Group ) Co. , promptly tripled , earning him about $ 50,000 .
Yan believes that the two “ 8 s ” in its ticker symbol were the good luck charm that made him money .
# 4 Superbowl Stock Market Indicator
I know nothing about football but apparently , based on who wins the Superbowl , we ’re supposed to be able to predict how the market ’s health is going to be for the year .
If the AFC ( formerly the AFL ) wins , we get a bear and if the NFC ( formerly the NFL ) wins , a bull instead .
Would you believe it ’s been accurate over 80 % of the time ?
More fun facts here .
# 5 The Stock Market and Hemlines
Ladies , go skimpy ….er short .
The less fabric that covers your legs and knees , the better it is for our stock portfolios .
At least , that ’s what the Hemline Theory claims !
Do long skirts point to a bear market ?
# 6 Presidential Election Year Cycles
There ’s also the presidential election cycle theory , described by the Stock Trader ’s Almanac as the theory that ties market trends to presidential elections .
The idea is that the first two years after an election are down or unstable years for the market due to tougher changes made by a new administration .
The last two years are typically better years for our investments as the incumbent administration attempts to make a good impression on the public by keeping the economy chugging along while trying to keep its party in power for another four years .
How it works : after an election , Years 1 and 2 are down years , Year 3 ( pre-election year ) is strongest for stocks while Year 4 returns positive , though not as strong numbers .
There ’s a lot to be said about this because market behavior is influenced by party politics .
History shows that “ the Dow rose in 20 pre-election years of the last 24 election cycles , since Theodore Roosevelt took office in 1905 ! ”
# 7 The January Effect
We ’ve come full circle with the January Effect .
I wrote about this a while back , describing that however January behaves is indicative of how the rest of the year will be .
It ’s known to be right 90 % of the time and so far this year , the January Effect is still on track .
This year , after seeing a rising market from December to February , we ’re currently still up for the year despite the volatility along the way !
-ooOoo -
Many more superstitions exist , but these are the ones I ’m most familiar with .
I ’ve taken note of a couple of these indicators and have kept watch of them throughout time — strangely , some of them appear to have some bearing .
In general though , I ’d shrug away the superstitions and invest prudently using diversified and long - term tactics .
Only for the fun of it , you can try an Online Stock Fortune Teller , which offers its guidance to help you purchase stocks but also wisely warns that you should really seek expert financial counsel before doing so .
It would be quite foolish to make moves based on a “ clairvoyant stock predictor . ”
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Karl Rove recalls the story of Senator McCain 's adopted daughter Nick Langewis and Mike Aivaz
Published : Saturday March 8 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
There 's a lot about GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) that people do n't know , says former Bush strategist and current Fox commentator Karl Rove .
One of the many lesser known stories of McCain 's remarkable life , according to Rove , is the story of how McCain came to adopt his teenage daughter Bridget .
" I think most of your viewers would be shocked to hear the story of Cindy McCain in Bangladesh , visiting an orphanage , and she has a small dying child thrust into her hands .
And the -- people in the orphanage say ' We can't care for her .
She 's dying .
We do n't know what to do . '
And Cindy McCain 's impulse was to hold that -- hug that child to her chest , get on an airplane and bring her home . "
This version of the story is in sharp contrast to one presented to South Carolina 's voters by a push - polling campaign during the 2000 presidential primaries ; they were asked by their callers if they would be more or less likely to vote for Senator McCain if they knew he'd " fathered an illegitimate black child . "
McCain would go on to lose South Carolina to George W. Bush .
" There were some pretty vile and hurtful things said during the South Carolina primary , " McCain told Dadmag of the experience in June of 2000 .
" A lot of phone calls were made by people who said we should be very ashamed about her , about the color of her skin .
Thousands and thousands of calls from people to voters saying ' You know the McCains have a black baby ' ... I believe that there is a special place in hell for people like those . "
The following video was broadcast on Fox News ' The O'Reilly Factor on March 7 , 2008 .
From : Lachlan Hunt < : Lachlan Hunt < lachlan.hunt@lachy.id.au
Message - ID : < 467CAE3C.2060703@lachy.id.au >
To : public - webapi < : public - webapi < public-webapi@w3.org
Hi ,
The naming of the methods in the Selectors API specification has been heavily debated .
I understand the reason for this debate .
There is a long history of bad naming ( XMLHttpRequest , AJAX , etc. ) and there is clearly a desire to avoid that again .
However , it 's virtually impossible to come up with the perfect name , since everyone has a different opinion of what that may be .
My rationale in resolving this issue has not depended upon the majority opinion .
Arguments based on nothing more than personal preference have not been given much weight , simply because everyone has different opinions and it's impossible to rank one above another .
All arguments based on logic , reasoning or technical issues have been taken into account and judged on their own merit , not the credentials of the people making the arguments .
With that in mind , and given that the arguments that have been put forward are sometimes mutually exclusive , please understand that whatever the final decision , it is simply not possible to please everyone , but I hope we can all accept it .
* Rationale for Naming Principles *
A short name is important for several reasons .
Since these methods are designed , and behave , as a superset of the existing getElements
By * methods , it is likely that their use will significantly replace the use of previous methods .
Based on evidence from many widely used JS libraries , and other feedback , we know that authors generally prefer shorter names over longer names .
This is particularly true for methods that will be frequently used .
Not only does a shorter name reduce the amount of typing , it can help to improve the readability of the source code , which in turn makes code easier to maintain .
Given these reasons , I have concluded that , within reason , short names are a fundamental requirement that must be adhered to .
Ideally , the chosen method names would be relatively clear and unambiguous with regards to their purpose , usage and return value .
However , this must be put into perspective ; the names do not need to describe these aspects perfectly .
One of the few names that meets this specific requirement perfectly is getElements ByGroupOfSelectors , but that name is clearly too long .
An appropriate balance needs to be found between clarity and convenience .
With a somewhat intuitive name , it is expected that frequent use by authors will alleviate any remaining concerns about the constant need to refer to documentation arising from any ambiguity in the name .
For example , despite the name being completely non-descriptive , many authors frequently use $ ( ) as an alias for document.getElementById( ) without the need to constantly lookup what it means .
The name must not clash with any existing DOM API , nor be too similar to an API that could cause confusion amongst authors .
It is also somewhat important to choose a name that is less likely to clash with a future API , though this is difficult because it is impossible to predict the future .
It can , however , be helped by choosing a relatively unambiguous name .
For example , choosing selectAll ( ) as one of the names would cause significant confusion because the name is commonly associated with , and very similar to , text selection APIs .
For the two methods , it is desirable that the chosen names are somewhat related to each other .
However , because there is a need to maintain code readability , the two chosen names cannot not be too similar to each other because it would reduce maintainability of code .
It has been argued that the chosen names should be in line with the conventions of existing DOM APIs , including : * getElementById * getElementsByName * getElementsByTagName * getElementsByTagNameNS
* getElementsByClassName ( proposed in HTML5 )
The convention is to use getElement * for methods that return a single node and getElements * for methods that return multiple nodes .
However , given that we need two separate methods for these APIs , this is not desirable as it conflicts the need for readability .
For example , choosing getElementBySelector ( ) and getElements BySelector ( ) would not be good choices because they only differ by a single character .
This would make it easier to make a mistake by typing the wrong method , and also make it more difficult to recognise the error when debugging code .
There is precedence for not following this convention for similar methods .
DOM Level 3 XPath defines the evaluate ( ) method for evaluating XPath expressions .
( Although , that method is slightly different because it has a variable return type . )
In addition , Microsoft's . NET uses selectSingleNode ( ) and selectNodes ( ) for their proprietary XPath implementation .
Unfortunately , this also means that those and similar names cannot be used for these APIs .
* Summary of Naming Principles * * Short * Somewhat descriptive of the functionality * Clear , concise and relatively unambiguous * Avoid clashes with other APIs due to ambiguous naming * Easy to type ( ca n't rely on autocomplete ) * Easy to read * Rejections *
The following names have been rejected for the reasons detailed below .
* match ( ) matchAll ( ) * matchSelector( ) matchAllSelectors ( ) * matchSelectors ( ) matchAllSelectors ( ) match ( ) is already used for regular expressions matching on Strings in ECMAScript and it is considered better to use a less ambiguous name .
It is also not clear whether match ( ) would return a single or multiple elements , without having to assume based on the other being matchAll ( ) .
The matchSelector / matchAllSelectors variants have been rejected because the names seem to be misleading .
They create the impression that the former matches against a single selector and the latter against multiple selectors , instead of returning single and multiple results , respectively .
* select ( ) selectAll ( ) * selectOne( ) selectAll ( ) * selectFirst ( ) selectAll ( ) * selectSingle ( ) selectAll ( ) * selectSingleNode( ) selectNodes ( ) * selectNode( ) selectNodeList ()
These select *( ) variations are either in direct conflict with , or very similar to , existing APIs , and their use would result in confusion amongst authors .
* get ( ) getAll ( ) * getOne( ) getAll ( )
These were rejected because they are not descriptive at all , and they are too ambiguous .
They were not well received by almost anyone .
* getElementBySelector( ) getElementsBySelector ( ) * getElementBySelectors ( ) getElementsBySelectors ( ) * getElementByCSSSelector( ) getElementsByCSSSelector ( ) * getElementBySelector( ) getElementListBySelector ( ) * getElementBySelectors ( ) getElementListBySelectors ( ) * getElementByGroupOfSelectors ( ) getElementsByGroupOfSelectors ( ) * getElementByGroupOfSelectors ( ) getElementListByGroupOfSelectors ()
These were all rejected because they are far too long .
While they are very clear and mostly follow the established convention , they are not concise and do not satisfy the length requirement .
* nodeBySelector ( ) nodeListBySelector ( ) * getNode ( ) getNodes ( ) * getNode ( ) getAllNodes ( ) * getNode ( ) getNodeList ( ) * getNodeBySelector( ) getNodeListBySelector ( ) * getNodeByExpr( ) getNodeListByExpr( ) * getBySelector ( ) getBySelectorAll ( )
These variants using node instead of element were rejected for a few reasons .
Selectors only select elements , not all types of nodes , and it does n't seem likely that selectors would be extended to select non-element nodes in the future .
These also break the established convention of using getElement , and there is no reasonable justification for doing so in these cases .
* css( ) cssAll ( ) * cssQuery ( ) cssQueryAll ( ) * matchCSS ( ) matchCSSAll ( )
Selectors are n't just for CSS , as this API clearly demonstrates .
Although there is a common association between selectors and CSS , there is no reason to encourage this misconception .
The names create the impression that they deal with CSS styles , rather than selecting elements .
Although there has been a previous JavaScript implementation of cssQuery in the past , this is not considered sufficient justification for using the ambiguous name .
* Candidates *
After careful consideration , I 've narrowed down the remaining options to these seven pairs .
* matchSingle ( ) matchAll ( ) * matchOne( ) matchAll ( ) * getElement ( ) getElementList ( ) * getElement ( ) getElements ( ) * selectElement ( ) selectElementList ( ) * selectElement ( ) selectAllElements ( ) * chooseOne ( ) chooseAll ( )
These are summarised with their pros and cons below : * matchSingle ( ) / matchOne()/matchAll()
These names short , easy to type and easy to read .
The choice between matchOne and matchSingle would effectively come down to personal preference .
Although matchOne is shorter , it 's not significantly better than matchSingle .
The advantage of using matchSingle and matchAll is that there is an existing JavaScript implementation of these methods in Dean Edwards ' Base2 library .
While the implementation could be considered evidence in support of these names , it must be noted that these names were implemented simply because they were the names in the spec at the time .
The names are n't completely clear and unambiguous and it must be noted that these names did not receive wide acceptance when they were put in the draft , and so choosing these names probably would n't be the most productive choice .
* getElement()/getElementList()/getElements ()
The advantage of these methods is that they somewhat follow the established convention , although not completely because they do n't specify BySelector ( or equivalent ) .
Given that these APIs are effectively a superset of existing getElement * methods , it makes some sense to use names that recognise that .
The problem with choosing getElement and getElements is that they are too similar to each other , which reduces code readability , and so using getElementList would be a workaround for that issue .
* selectElement()/selectElementList()/selectAllElements ()
Overall , these names are relatively good .
While they are not the shortest alternative , they are not too long ; they are relatively easy to type and are easy to read ; and they are clear and concise .
By using the word " select " , which is easily associated with Selector , they are somewhat more descriptive than the getElement variations .
One problem is the use of " select * " is similar to the .NET XPath methods ( selectSingleNode / selectNodes ) , though the use of Element instead of Node reduces the confusion slightly .
Those are also proprietary methods that are n't used outside of .
NET ( The DOM3XPath standard uses evaluate ( ) instead . ) .
Several people expressed a preference for select ( ) and selectAll ( , though they inevitably had to be rejected due to clashes and ambiguity with the name .
Using selectElement and selectAllElements instead seems like a good compromise that solves the problem .
* chooseOne( ) /chooseAll ( )
The word " choose " is an alternative verb to the word " select " ; however it 's a slightly more ambiguous term .
While these are shorter , the advantage of length is n't quite enough to sacrifice the clarity of the name .
* Conclusion *
After carefully considering all of these reasons , I have update the spec to use selectElement ( ) and selectAllElements ( ) , based on the arguments given above .
http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/~checkout~/2006/webapi/selectors-api/Overview.html?content-type=text/html;%20charset=UTF-8 -- Lachlan Hunt http://lachy.id.au/
Clinton scrambles to freeze defectors
A behind - the - scenes battle broke out late Tuesday over superdelegates who had secretly committed to Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) , with Clinton campaign officials scrambling to “ freeze ” them before they announced support for him .
The battle reflects the trench warfare that both campaigns expect if the battle for the Democratic presidential nomination stretches on to the Pennsylvania primary on April 22 .
Advertisement
Democratic officials involved in the conversations said Obama was lining up a package of superdelegates — the party insiders whose votes help select the Democratic nominee — with plans to announce their support as a bloc .
Obama also plans to announce he raised more than $ 50 million in February , considerably more than Clinton ’s $ 35 million .
The Obama theory was that the separate announcements would convey juggernaut - like momentum if Obama had big wins on Tuesday , and would help turn the page if he had a disappointing showing in the Texas or Ohio primaries .
But aides to Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y. ) became convinced by network exit polls and her own data that she would have a stronger - than - expected showing .
So they immediately began urging Obama ’s prospective superdelegates to withhold their support .
An Obama aide said : " Despite last - minute Clinton pranks , the rumor they 're floating about a massive superdelegate rollout tomorrow is not true . "
One Democratic lawmaker described “ pushback ” from the Clinton campaign but did not elaborate .
A senior Clinton aide said her supporters were scrambling to " freeze " members of Congress on the verge of announcing for Obama , and said a good night for Clinton would be key to forestalling the move .
The Obama campaign had an extensive “ whip ” organization set up to track and woo these officials , including members of Congress .
“ We ’ll wake up tomorrow and we ’ll see where folks are , ” an Obama aide said .
“ We have new support every single day . ”
Obama forces responded to the Clinton overtures by telling superdelegates that regardless of Tuesday ’s outcome , Obama would retain the lead in elected delegates .
An Obama official said his campaign plans to argue that even if she scored one or more victories on Tuesday , it would be “ virtually impossible ” for her to catch up in the delegate count .
An Obama statement said : “ Three weeks ago , when they led polls in Texas and Ohio by 20 points , the Clinton campaign set their own test for today 's primaries .
They confidently predicted that they would win by landslide margins and wipe out the substantial edge Barack Obama has built in pledged delegates .
“ But what we 've seen is that voters in Ohio , Texas , Vermont and Rhode Island share the same urgent desire for change we have seen throughout the country .
That 's why we 're confident that Barack Obama will maintain his delegate lead , leaving the Clinton campaign to explain why they failed their own test and exactly how they plan to win a nomination that , after tonight , will be virtually out of reach . ”
Dedicated Teacher Forced Students to Undress at Knifepoint
A dedicated teacher , from Tokyo , Japan , seems to have lost his way as he wandered into a playground and took a group of boys hostage .
Eight boys , aged 12 to 13 , playing in their school playground were approached and forced to remove their trousers and underwear at knifepoint .
Two boys were lucky enough to run an get help , but the others were not so lucky with one boy actually receiving minor cuts from the knife .
The teacher , not having done enough , then stole one boy ’s cell phone and prank called the kid ’s home .
No explanation has been given as to why this teacher decided to attack these boys and all the principal from the teachers school could say was that he was a dedicated teacher .
( Reuters )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
by MAD , and Paul & Phillip D. Collins ( May 10 , 2007 ; originally published here on May 6 , 2007 )
MAD : Paul and Phillip , thank you so much for engaging in this discussion today , I ’ve been looking forward to it .
I recently had the opportunity to finish an e-book copy of your work The Ascendancy Of The Scientific Dictatorship ( which you so graciously sent me ) , and it was a highly researched and impressive read .
While we might have some differences of opinion regarding the religious aspect of things , I pretty much agree with the technical information you are providing , and think you ’re right on the mark with the great majority of your conclusions .
A highly recommendable book which deserves as widespread a readership as possible , it ’s hard to argue with the copious amount of perspective you so articulately provide in this tome .
Regular contributors at Conspiracy Archive and Raiders News Network , could you give us a little bit of background on some of those events which first gleaned your interest in the Scientific and Occult methodology that ’s swiftly emerging today in the myriad forms of a New World Order ?
Paul :
My background begins in my late teens when we were living in Colorado .
That particular state really rubbed off on us .
At that time ( the early 90s ) , Colorado was made up of people who were rugged individualists with a healthy suspicion of government .
However , they were also real salt of the earth people who would give you the shirts off their backs .
So , the whole anti-authoritarian environment really rubbed off on us .
It was everywhere , including school .
While we were in high school ( we graduated in 1993 ) , there was a sizeable anarchist crowd that was part of the school population .
Cliques were frowned upon at our school and everyone was pretty close , your particular walk of life ( e.g. , metal head , hippy , preppy , anarchist , etc. ) not withstanding .
So , we were close to a lot of those anarchist kids .
We did n’t really share all their views on how society should be arranged , but they did point out some very legitimate flaws with modern government ( Clinton was President at the time , and they cut him absolutely no slack ) .
Everyone at the time had a sense that something was not quite right , and that included myself .
So , I got some books and began to read .
However , my epiphany really did n’t come until we relocated to Ohio in late 1995 .
At that time , I began taking classes at a local community college ( I had started college in Colorado , but I began to get serious about earning a degree when I relocated ) .
It was there that I met the judge who taught me Constitutional Law and Criminal Justice .
When he was n’t running his court , he was contributing his time to teach at the college .
I ’d heard he ’d had an interesting background , but I did n’t know just how interesting until he gave a talk in a different class entitled : “ American Issues . ”
He stated that he had been a CIA asset during his college days .
He was also reenlisted by the Agency when he was in the Marine Corp over in Vietnam .
The Agency wanted him to gather intel from the indigenous population .
His legend ( i.e. , trade rap for your cover that is supposed to hold until you slip away ) was that he was a Canadian national running a trading post and doing trade with the natives .
When he asked what his job would involve , they told him , “ You ’re a nice guy , talk to people . ”
And that is what he did .
V.C. and N.V.A. would warm up to him , tell him what hill their uncles , cousins , brothers , fellow soldiers , etc. were on and my teacher would report back to his handlers .
Lo and behold , the locations he reported ended up being bombed .
My teacher ended up making good friends with an N.V.A. general .
The general wanted my teacher to visit Hanoi with him .
My teacher was n’t thrilled at all with the idea .
His Agency handlers , however , thought the opportunity to gather intel in the heart of enemy territory was too good to let slip by .
So , they told him to do it .
And he did it , but not too well .
Imagine being the only white guy in Hanoi .
It was a very stressful time and my teacher just could not function .
So he came back with some very poor intel .
Someone in the Agency was n’t pleased with my teacher ’s performance , and blew his cover .
The Valerie Plame affair is nothing new .
The intel business is very dangerous , especially when things get politicized .
To make a long story short ( too late ) , my teacher found himself in danger and , if it was n’t for his NVA general friend , he would n’t be alive today .
This man basically taught me that deep political practices and conspiracy are a reality .
So , I started looking into it a lot more then .
But , I did n’t start writing just yet .
My first great love was , and still is , acting and the stage .
So , my time was mostly spent doing plays .
That changed in 2001 when the local theatre scene started to dry up and 9/11 happened .
I actually wrote my first book and started to actively engage this topic seriously .
Phillip : Like Paul , my first passion has been theatre and the performing arts .
I have acted in several plays and one independent film ( which , sadly , was shelved ) .
I also play guitar and absolutely love music .
However , Ohio is not necessarily the cultural Mecca of the United States , so neither of us have had a very supportive climate for these interests .
We still pursue them , but we have devoted more time to research concerning elite criminality and conspiratorial history .
I really became interested in these particular subjects as my studies in media criticism and philosophy progressed .
Media criticism , which concerns itself predominantly with semiotics , makes no bones about the role of the mass media ’s role in sculpting public opinion and , in the words of Noam Chomsky , “ manufactures consent . ”
During my studies in philosophy , I was introduced to deceased philosopher Michel Foucault .
Foucault ’s work , particularly in Discipline and Punish , affirmed the Orwellian contention that society was experiencing a tectonic shift towards a carceral culture .
Although some of Foucault ’s historical research was questionable and his ideological propensities tended to blur his analysis , Discipline and Punish succinctly demonstrated the mass diffusion of the panoptic schema throughout society .
While conspiracy tends to be a rather taboo topic in academia , there ’s an impressive body of scholarly work that affirms the reality of a conspiratorial dimension to human history .
Foucault was one such source .
The basic thesis of The Ascendancy of the Scientific Dictatorship began to develop while I was in a course over science and religion .
For me , the course affirmed the contentions of controversial thinkers like Charles Fort and Thomas Kuhn .
In that course , which should have been more appropriately titled Scientism 101 , I had firsthand experience with what Fort called “ the orthodox conventionality of Science . ”
I recognized the epistemological rigidity with which modern science approached phenomena and the sociological considerations according to which certain conclusions were made .
All of these conclusions were made to affirm a particular Weltanschauung , which was inherently technocratic and morally anarchistic .
Many scientists were acting as priests in lab coats , providing authoritarian paradigms with scientific legitimization .
The theoreticians who were virtually canonized in my science and religion course all advocated some pretty dubious , if not downright anti-democratic , forms of governance .
In short , I had a brush with what could only be characterized as an epistemological cartel .
MAD : I too share your love of theatre and music , at least aspects of the arts , and have a background in these areas as well .
And I agree with your statement Phillip , that while conspiracy might seem “ taboo ” to some , or extremist paranoia , there is undoubtedly a reality to the conspiratorial dimensions of human history .
Especially when concerning $ $ $ , politics or religion .
Aside from those things we could debate upon in concerns to how religion plays into the whole structure , it might be a good time to get the controversial topic of Evolution VS Creationism , and if there is a middle ground that can be met between theory and faith , science and religion , matter and spirit .
While we can conclude that there ’s a Scientific Regime at work behind the scenes , ruled by corporate interests and deceptive governmental agencies , would you agree that there is some truth behind evolution and merit to the vast array of scientific discoveries which have changed the landscape of our world over the past few hundred years ?
Whatever gaps and holes might be within the current models of evolutionary theory , can we really throw the baby out with the bathwater when it comes to the calculative logic and reasoning of science and natural selection ?
Can there be reconciliation between science and religion , that ’s not controlled by New Age special interest groups ?
Phillip :
Well , let ’s examine one of the patron saints of our modern epistemological cartel , Charles Darwin .
Technocrats , elitists , racists , and Freemasons surrounded Darwin .
Such men shaped Darwin ’s thinking and , in turn , his theories .
As Miguel De Cervantes put it in Don Quixote , “ Tell me what company thou keepest , and I ’ll tell thee what thou art . ”
Proffering a form of elitism that was now premised upon biology , Darwinism affirmed this maxim .
Darwinism represented an attempt to scientifically dignify a Weltanschauung that was politically and socially expedient to the elite .
Darwin sculpted his theory along the contours of his own Weltanschauung , which was strongly influenced by several questionable ideologues like T.H. Huxley ( a racist , a Freemason , a fellow of the Masonic Royal Society , a member of an oligarchical dynasty , and one of the individuals responsible for the formation of the Rhodes Round Table Groups ) , Erasmus Darwin ( Charles ’ grandfather , a Freemason , a member of the technocratic Lunar Society , and a supporter of the radical , Illuminist - bred Jacobins ) , Harriet Martineau ( a Comtean sociocrat , Positivist , an apologist for the corporate interests of the Whigs , and an advocate of eugenical regimentation ) , and Herbert Spencer ( a theoretician of the technocratic social sciences and an advocate of Britain ’s genocidal colonial warfare ) .
All of these individuals acted as hosts for ideational contagions that were endemic to the ruling class .
They , in large measure , shaped Darwin ’s thinking .
I guess you could characterize it as a memetic transmission belt of sorts .
Adrian Desmond and James Moore most eloquently synopsized the results of this hideous ideational amalgam :
“ Social Darwinism is often taken to be something extraneous , an ugly concretion added to the pure Darwinian corpus after the event , tarnishing Darwin ’s image .
But his notebooks make plain that competition , free trade , imperialism , racial extermination , and sexual inequality were written into the equation from the start – “ Darwinism ” was always intended to explain human society . ”
Darwinism was always meant to be a social theory , not a scientific one .
The type of society that it was designed to explain was that type of society that Darwin saw continually advocated by the dominant sociopolitical interests of the time , which were purely oligarchical in character .
Of course , the historical tide of Darwinism did not rise in a completely organic fashion .
There was a conspiratorial element behind the dissemination and popularization of Darwinism .
The Masonic Royal Society would bestow Darwinism with institutional accreditation , which is the secular equivalent of a religious blessing .
Now , one could consider the Royal Society a collection of naïve Baconians who believed in an oversimplified epistemology of empirical science devoid of intention , devoid of hypotheses ( Newton ’s hypothesis non fingo ) .
However , there was an inner circle within the Royal Society , which Adrian Desmond and James Moore characterize as “ a sort of masonic Darwinian lodge , invisible to outsiders . ”
This inner circle was the X Club .
Its members wielded a substantial amount of influence over every famous scientist at the time .
All of its members except Herbert Spencer were secretaries or presidents of “ learned societies . ”
T.H. Huxley presided over the group , which would manipulate the scientific press .
One of the most prevalent examples of the X Club ’s media manipulation was its obfuscation of the Bathybius haeckelii .
When it was discovered that Bathybius haeckelii was gypsum and not the missing Monera in Ernst Haeckel ’s phylogenetic tree , the X Club suppressed almost every revelation of the debacle .
Remember , the X Club was presided over by T.H. Huxley , a Freemason and a participant in the formation of the Rhodes Round Table Groups .
The Round Table Groups were devoted to the formation of a British - ruled socialist totalitarian world government .
Out of the Round Table Groups would come the Royal Institute for International Affairs .
The RIIA would establish a stateside branch here in the United States known as the Council on Foreign Relations .
This organization has acted as America ’s premiere foreign policy cartel and a major catalyst for globalization .
Globalism , in the words of the late Malachi Martin , qualifies as “ sociopolitical Darwinism . ”
It is premised upon the belief that global governance is the natural corollary of man ’s alleged political evolution .
Mind you , T.H. Huxley was instrumental in establishing the organizational infrastructure that would lead to the modern network of institutions devoted to the promulgation of sociopolitical Darwinism .
Given his Freemasonic heritage , Huxley probably embraced many of the technocratic Utopian ideas of the Enlightenment .
He and many others probably viewed Darwinism as the scientific foundation for the oligarchical vision that they were hoping to tangibly enact .
The crusade for a New World Order is neo -Gnostic in character .
All modern sociopolitical Utopians seek to realize the Gnostic vision of an immanentized Eschaton .
Communists , fascists , socialists , Transnationalists , Internationalists , and the like constitute secular Gnostics who envision an Eschaton ( ‘end of days ” ) within the ontological plane of the physical universe .
Darwinism promised to edify the adherents of this vision .
Darwinism functions as a Gnostic myth , affirming the Gnostic claim of “ self - salvation ” with the metaphysical claim of “ self - creation . ”
By the way , metaphysical claims have always been the province of religion .
The theme of “ self - creation , ” which is encapsulated within the Darwinian thesis of abiogenesis , can be found in other older occult belief systems .
For instance , the Kabalistic legend of the golem presents a living man that arises from dead matter .
As Albert Pike pointed out in Morals and Dogma , Kabbalism was one of the occult belief systems that formed the core of Masonry .
Given the considerable number of Masonic personages surrounding Darwin , it is very possible that occult concepts like the golem found its way into Darwin ’s thinking and his theory .
MAD : Sorry to interrupt for a moment , but in relation to the Golem ideal , we also have the distinguished and esoteric laden story of Frankenstein ’s Monster , written by Mary Shelley in 1818 .
Also known as ‘ The Modern Prometheus ’ .
Her husband , the romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley , is perhaps most well known for his work ‘ Prometheus Unbound ’ .
To take this even further , it is connotative to the proposed powers and talents of the ancient Alchemists , transforming lead into gold , or temporal life into eternal life .
We still see this motto , this practice , in widespread use today with the Catholic ritual of transubstantiation .
In many ways this also relates in a more modern and scientific representation as the ideal of “ Free Energy ” , of which people like Nikola Tesla and Wilhelm Reich were greatly interested in .
A “ Primordial Mound ” of consciousness , creation and energy ; a sort of Self - pollination from the cosmic ether .
Some might call it the awakening of ‘ Kundalini ’ or the 3rd Eye , but that ’s a whole different discussion .
Phillip :
You ’re correct and that is a very adequate summation of these same basic occult beliefs and intellectual uniformity which is evidenced in the role of the Golem .
Transmutation , and mastery over either the metaphysical or the scientific .
And ultimately , alchemy or the occult , have always been related in some form or fashion to the scientific explanation and understanding of natural events .
MAD : We might wonder if SCIENCE and SÉANCE have the same root function ?
Or SION for that matter , which is not only a prominent capital city in the Bible , but is also associated with THE SUN .
Phillip :
It could be .
As for the so - called conflict between science and religion , we tend to agree with Rama Coomaraswamy ( who we quote extensively in our book ) .
The conflict is not between science and religion , but between two attitudes .
The traditional attitude recognizes science for what it is … a system of quantification .
As such , science must occupy itself predominantly with quantifiable entities .
Science is derived from the Latin word scientia , which means “ knowing ” or “ knowledge . ”
Modern science , which is dominated by the Baconian method and empiricism , can only provide knowledge of what is quantifiable .
Thus , it can only offer a fragmentary glimpse of the totality of truth .
To assert that science alone will bring the totality of truth into clear focus is the epistemological dogmatism known as scientism .
There are other epistemologies that , when placed in a hierarchical system of application along with science , can provide a greater understanding of the truth .
For instance , take man ’s innate ability of abstraction .
From the sensible objects of the physical world , man is able to extrapolate universal principles .
In turn , these universal principles gesticulate toward a universal directive principle .
That directive principle is God .
Paul the Apostle demonstrated the process of abstraction with a wonderful economy of words in the Scriptures :
“ For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen , being understood by the things that are made , even his eternal power and Godhead ; so that they are without excuse . ” ( Romans 1:20 )
Grasping this reality would be impossible within the epistemologically rigid parameters of radical empiricism .
The senses only play a passive role in knowledge .
The active role of knowledge acquisition is provided by the mind and the principles that it extrapolates from sensible objects are supra-sensible .
Certainly , accepting this reality is difficult for those laboring under the paradigm of radical empiricism .
However , the reality of those supra-sensible principles derived from sensible objects is irrefutable .
Mathematical principles are supra-sensible , but they are no less real and can be tangibly manifested through architecture .
How many times have greater possibilities been overlooked because of the epistemological rigidity of scientism ?
As a Christian , I strongly believe that the Lord reveals certain truths to us .
No doubt , many will raise a skeptical eyebrow .
Yet , I would caution anyone who would rush to judgment .
Science ’s purely empirical approach is no less mystical in character .
To demonstrate the mystical nature of radical empiricism , I will quote directly from our book :
Yet , an exclusively empirical approach relegates cause to the realm of metaphysical fantasy .
This holds enormous ramifications for science .
What is perceived as A causing B could be merely a consequence of circumstantial juxtaposition .
Although temporal succession and spatial proximity are axiomatic , causal connection is not .
Affirmation of causal relationships is impossible .
Given the absence of causality , all of a scientist ’s findings must be taken upon faith .
Ironically , science relies on the affirmation of such cause and effect relationships .
So , a purely empirical approach is no more reliable .
Radical empiricism overemphasizes the passive component of knowledge and completely overlooks the active component , which is the intellect .
The intellect and abstraction are extremely important .
They reflect man ’s universal position of imago viva Dei ( created in the image of the Creator ) .
Radical empiricism really stems from a somewhat Gnostic dissatisfaction with cognitio fidei ( the cognition of faith ) .
It comes as little surprise that Jesus rebuked Thomas for his radical empiricism , admonishing “ Thomas , because thou hast seen me , thou hast believed : blessed are they that have not seen , and yet have believed ” ( John 20:29 ) .
Moreover , the radical empirical approach holds significant ramifications for human dignity and liberty .
Henri de Saint - Simon , who was the mentor of August Comte and an early advocate of a scientific dictatorship , extended radical empiricism to questions of governance .
This extension led to the physiological or organic interpretation of the state .
Thus , we have sociology ’s concept of the “ social organism . ”
According to this sociological concept , the state is one enormous social organism and the citizens are mere cells .
As such , citizens are subordinate to the collective .
This is vintage collectivism , which was the political doctrine of both Nazi Germany and communist Russia .
It comes as little surprise that Ernst Haeckel , Hitler ’s mentor in social Darwinism , contend that each cell of an organism , “ though autonomous , is subordinated to the body as a whole ; in the same way in the societies of bees , ants , and termites , in the vertebrate herds , and in the human state , each individual is subordinate to the social body of which he is a member . ”
Of course , there is always an elite who occupies the developmental capstone of the physiological state .
For Haeckel , it was the Aryan .
For the sociopolitical Darwinian elite of today , it is whoever occupies their own layer of socioeconomic stratum .
Darwinism was designed according to such elitist presuppositions .
Haeckel said that natural selection was “ aristocratic in the strictest sense of the word . ”
I ’ve said this in other interviews , but it is worth repeating …
Have you ever contemplated the etymology of the term “ religion ” ?
It means “ to bind . ”
Any belief that binds the adherent through a system of ritualized practices qualifies as a religion .
I once had a guitar instructor who admonished me to practice my scales “ religiously . ”
Football fans could also qualify as members of a “ religion . ” I submit to you the ongoing jihad between Ohio State and Michigan fans .
Now , there is a religious war that I think might even make the most ardent Islamic jihadist cringe .
Consider Bob Dylan … now there is a deity that has enjoyed being the center of the largest secular religion around .
I have argued throughout most of my work that even the most stridently secular Weltanschauung invariably becomes religious in character .
That is because all Weltanschauungs must proffer some core metaphysical claim .
Metaphysical claims have always been the province of religion .
And , one could argue that secular Weltanschauungs are conceptually and philosophically predisposed to follow religious trajectories .
In the article “ Nothing Beyond the Flesh : The Theocracy of Prima Materia , ” I argue that anti-theistic , anti-spiritual Weltanschauungs are merely camouflaged variants of the same anthropocentric religion .
So , either way , religion enters the picture .
By the way , neither Paul nor I are what you would call “ Creationists . ”
We are Christians and we believe that the Lord created man in His own image .
However , we do not subscribe to a majority of Creationist theories , which tend to exalt entropy as some sort of universal principle and also attempt to explain the miraculous within the context of metaphysical naturalism .
In hopes of offering some naturalistic explanations of what are clearly supernatural events , Creationists fall into the same metaphysical trap as evolutionists .
MAD : I agree that the Creationists and Evolutionists fall into similar traps .
While it might sound ‘ Illuminist ’ of me , and I realize there is ‘ evil ’ in the world , I ’ve come to the conclusion that there is no difference between that of Entropy and Order , that they are both equal and opposite functions of the universe , which are unilaterally serving the same inevitable outcome .
This ultimately all comes down to Creation working on indefinite levels of time / space and reality , in a never - ending and divine balance which is both harmony and discord .
Though , those unscrupulous among us , who might abide by the more ‘ negative ’ aspects of life , considering themselves magicians , will take it from the old “ Ordo Ab Chao ” , and create the Chaos they need , in order to offer us solutions and give us their version of Order .
Classic problem / reaction / solution techniques where the EL - ites are trying to make themselves into “ Gods ” of the New Jerusalem , or the New Olympus , New Atlantis , etc … .
In your well written and informative article The Alchemy Of Warfare you make the following statements :
Darwinism was but one more permutation of an ancient occult doctrine of transformism .
This occult belief originated in Mesopotamia roughly 6000 years ago and was actively promulgated by the various Mystery cults .
It also comprises the ruling class religion of today .
At the heart of the doctrine is the claim that man is gradually evolving towards apotheosis .
Throughout the years , the religion of apotheosized man has recycled itself under numerous appellations .
Darwinism was but one more installment in this seamless ideational continuum .
In this series , I am going to examine one of the chief facilitators of man ’s purported evolution : war .
In hopes of fulfilling their occult Darwinian doctrine , the elite intend this war to last for a very long time .
After all , war is evolution .
Would you conclude that the primal ideals and understanding of eugenic methods and evolutionary theory has been with us since at least the times of ancient Mesopotamia , some 6000 years ago ?
For instance , there is much speculation and evidence suggesting that Neanderthal was heralded into extinction not only because of the nature of their environment , but also due to a “ race war ” with the emerging Cro-Magnon , and other competing tribes ( some 75,000B.C. ) .
Do you believe that the tactics of eugenics have been employed , in one form or another , since the dawn of human civilization ?
Phillip :
You are absolutely correct about eugenical practices dating back much further into human history .
Sparta , for instance , employed hideous practices of infanticide and euthanasia in hopes of maintaining the “ superior stock ” for its militaristic society .
Men like Charles Darwin and Sir Francis Galton would simply dignify such concepts with pseudo - scientific theories .
Arguably , several scientific paradigms of the late 19th century were merely engineered to affirm the practices and doctrines of the ruling class .
The elite needed a new ecclesiastical authority to legitimize their new theocracy , which was premised upon the same anthropocentric religion that originated in Mesopotamia 6000 - years ago .
Theoreticians like Galton and Darwin served this purpose .
MAD : The famed Greek philosopher Plato , was also a promoter of superior or “ noble ” bloodlines and genetics , claiming they were more valuable and worthy than those of the “ lesser races ” .
Quote from Republic :
“ [ 459a ]
You have in your house hunting - dogs and a number of pedigree cocks … do not some prove better than the rest ?
Do you then breed from all indiscriminately , or are you careful to breed from the best ? [ 459 b ]
And , again , do you breed from the youngest or the oldest , or , so far as may be , from those in their prime ?
And if they are not thus bred , you expect , do you not , that your birds and hounds will greatly degenerate ?
And what of horses and other animals ?
Is it otherwise with them ? …
How imperative , then , is our need of the highest skill in our rulers , if the principle holds also for mankind ? … [ 459d ] the best men must cohabit with the best women in as many cases as possible and the worst with the worst in the fewest , [ 459e ] and that the offspring of the one must be reared and that of the other not , if the flock is to be as perfect as possible .
And the way in which all this is brought to pass must be unknown to any but the rulers , if , again , the herd of guardians is to be as free as possible from dissension . [ 460a ]
Certain ingenious lots , then , I suppose , must be devised so that the inferior man at each conjugation may blame chance and not the rulers [ 460b ] and on the young men , surely , who excel in war and other pursuits we must bestow honors and prizes , and , in particular , the opportunity of more frequent intercourse with the women , which will at the same time be a plausible pretext for having them beget as many of the children as possible .
And the children thus born will be taken over by the officials appointed for this , men or women or both , since , I take it , the official posts too are common to women and men . ”
Plato And Totalitarianism : Quotations From World Philosophy
In the piece entitled Engineering Evolution : The Alchemy Of Eugenics , you quote :
In the dark past of human civilization , the ruling class controlled humanity largely through religious institutions and mysticism .
However , the turn of the century witnessed the epistemic transformation of the elite ’s religious power structure into a “ scientific dictatorship . ”
The history and background of this “ scientific dictatorship ” is a conspiracy , created and micro-managed through the historical tide of Darwinism , which has its foundations in Freemasonry …
A common misnomer that has been circulated by academia ’s anointed historians is that the alchemists of antiquity were attempting to transform lead into gold .
In truth , this was a fiction promulgated by the alchemists themselves to conceal their ultimate objectives . . . the transformation of man into a god .
Among one of the various occult organizations that aspired to complete this alchemical mission was Freemasonry …
Before its popularization , evolutionary theory was the intellectual property of Masonry .
Freemason Erasmus Darwin , Charles ’ grandfather , “ originated almost every important idea that has since appeared in evolutionary theory ” ( Darlington , p. 62 , 1959 ) .
It is hardly a coincidence that many of Charles Darwin ’s chief promoters were Freemasons , not the least of which being T.H. Huxley .
It is even less of a coincidence that Charles Darwin ’s cousin , Sir Francis Galton , would become one of the early expediters of Masonry ’s alchemical agenda .
Though I would agree with you that Darwin ’s presentations were incomplete and somewhat rudimentary , and the man himself was tied to the Freemasons as well as the birth of the Eugenics Movement , I do n’t necessarily think that negates the evidence for evolution , or prove that the theory itself is false or part of an elaborate hoax .
I completely respect individual beliefs and religious faith , people ’s right to choose their own path , but do you see the capability for “ evolution ” and “ spirituality ” to coexist ?
Are we dealing with a false paradigm altogether ?
Phillip :
You ’re right about not throwing the baby out with the bathwater … if the baby is not bad to begin with .
Again , the neo-Darwinian contention has been that Social Darwinism and eugenics were later additions to the “ pure ” evolutionary doctrine .
However , Darwin ’s own personal history clearly demonstrates that this was not the case .
Darwin ’s cousin , Sir Francis Galton , is considered the founder of the modern eugenics movement .
Darwin dignified Galton ’s ideas , commenting that “ genius tends to be inherited . ”
Darwin quoted from Galton extensively in The Descent of Man .
In fact , Descent opens with quite a candid endorsement of selective breeding .
I ’ll quote Darwin directly for the edification of the audience :
With savages , the weak in body or mind are soon eliminated ; and those that survive commonly exhibit a vigorous state of health .
We civilised men , on the other hand , do our utmost to check the process of elimination ; we build asylums for the imbecile , the maimed , and the sick ; we institute poor - laws ; and our medical men exert their utmost skill to save the life of every one to the last moment .
There is reason to believe that vaccination has preserved thousands , who from a weak constitution would formerly have succumbed to small - pox .
Thus the weak members of civilised societies propagate their kind .
No one who has attended to the breeding of domestic animals will doubt that this must be highly injurious to the race of man .
It is surprising how soon a want of care , or care wrongly directed , leads to the degeneration of a domestic race ; but excepting in the case of man himself , hardly any one is so ignorant as to allow his worst animals to breed .
Darwin himself practiced selective breeding .
In hopes of maintaining the “ purity ” of his seed , Darwin married the youngest granddaughter of his maternal father .
The results of this inbreeding project were disastrous .
Three of his six sons were chronically ill and regarded as “ semi-invalids . ”
His last son , Charles Jr. , was born retarded and died only nineteen months after birth .
Two of his daughters also died at very young ages and his oldest girl , Henrietta , suffered a serious breakdown at fifteen .
No doubt , the company that Darwin kept inspired such experimentation in selective breeding .
Surrounded by technocrats , Freemasons , oligarchical progenies , and other individuals of an elitist pedigree , Darwin was inculcated into many of the morally bankrupt practices of the ruling class .
Darwin’s own theories were designed to legitimize this sordid tradition .
Of course , Darwin never openly advocated medical sterilization , but that ’s only because those eugenical methods had yet to be developed .
Given his woeful assessment of races that he believed constituted “ lesser stock , ” Darwin would have had little objection to many of the practices of the later eugenicists .
In regards to the so - called “ evidence ” for evolution , all that Darwinism has ever been able to demonstrate is adaptations and variations within species .
Darwinism has never been able to demonstrate speciation .
Moreover , the theory contradicts itself .
On one hand , it represents an open rejection of any teleological Weltanschauungs .
On the other hand , it presents processes and mechanisms that imply some teleological elements at work .
Darwin himself always invoked anthropic attributions when speaking in regards to nature .
Lyell gently rebuked Darwin for these anthropomorphic proclivities .
Today , neo-Darwinians like Richard Dawkins proclaim , “ Nothing happens by accident in evolution . ”
Gee , statements like these sound awfully teleological !
In regards to the concepts of “ evolution ” and “ spirituality ” co-existing , I think we have already seen such a synthesis .
It was called Theosophy and it was one of the underpinning religions of Nazi occultism .
Bear in mind that any theory of progressive biological development is going to be hierarchical in nature .
Invariably , this implies a political doctrine that is inherently elitist .
Ernst Haeckel , Hitler ’s mentor in social Darwinism , correctly observed that Darwinian natural selection was “ aristocratic in the strictest sense of the word . ”
The addition of a spiritual dimension merely provides a neo-Gnostic rationale for violent political activism and the Utopian hubris that humanity itself will immanentize the Eschaton .
Those who want a comprehensive overview of eugenics and evolutionary ethics should check out Richard Weikart ’s seminal book , From Darwin to Hitler : Evolutionary Ethics , Eugenics , and Racism in Germany .
On November 15 , 2004 , Weikart delivered an outstanding lecture at UC in Santa Barbara , which can be viewed at the following URL .
MAD : And very interesting that at roughly the same time as the sprouting up of the Theosophical Movement , we also have the emergence of groups like the Yale Skull and Bones Society , or the Bohemian Grove , both of these tying into far elder groups and cults coming out of Germany and parts of the Middle East .
Which further connects into the indoctrination of the proclaimed “ New Age ” movement , endorsed by Blavatsky , Crowley , Cayce , Fortune , and on and on .
However , just because racist and ill - intentioned people were the first to promote these theories of evolution and the synthesis between Spirituality and Science , does not necessarily mean that the information itself is completely invalid .
It is in extremism either way where we find the problems , and we should try to seek that harmonious middle ground where we can logically examine the evidence , and try to rectify past mistakes .
I do n’t see science and religion itself to be the enemy , rather who is controlling and manipulating these factions for their own benefit .
In terms of Darwin and evolution , I tend to believe that the implications of evolution , as well as eugenics , was already known within many scientific and genealogical circles for many hundreds , if not thousands of years before Darwin ’s version of these theories .
It was only a matter of time before someone brought forth ‘ evolutionary ’ sciences to the masses , and the idea is so obvious and observable , at least on finite levels , that it might have been the masses , not the socio- scientists , who began promoting the concepts of adaptation and natural progression on a species to species scale .
As with everything , the “ Illuminati ” often take obvious truths , put their own spin on it , and claim that it was their idea in the first place .
While highly influential , do you believe that the Freemasons are themselves somewhat subordinate to higher authorities who have always been pulling their strings ?
Religious , political and corporate powers for instance .
Are the Freemasons , in the totality of their organization , merely scapegoats and middle - men to more powerful groups and organizations ?
Paul :
We do n’t subscribe to monolithic conspiracy theories .
People need to dislodge their brains from the Ian Fleming idea that sitting behind this whole thing is Donald Pleasance stroking a cat .
The global oligarchical establishment is a network based on the precepts of elitism .
It allows elites to consolidate their power and interface with other elites that share common goals .
That being said , there is a lot of factionalism involved .
Old money hates new money , and old dynasties look at new ones as intrusive “ Johnny - come - lately ” prototypes .
Carl Oglesby captured the situation pretty accurately in his book The Yankee and Cowboy War .
Freemasonry ’s role in this arrangement is problematic .
Some lodges are elitist conduits , others are not .
Some subscribe to the occult ideas that make up the power elite ’s religion , others could really care less about it .
There are lodges that had a period where they were quite active in deep political practices and covert politics , but then , later on , went dormant .
Some lodges remain little more than fraternal lodges , while others become temples of religion and / or part of the deep political system .
It is a mixed bag .
MAD : As we ’ve recently passed the 10 year anniversary concerning the strange suicides of the Heaven ’s Gate cult , I ’d like to bring up another detailed and well researched article entitled MJ - 12 : The Technocratic Thread , which covers the gamut of what we consider to be “ UFO Cults ” , and the sociological methods by which to institute a technocratic dictatorship based upon such longstanding New Age ideals as extraterrestrial contact and alien visitation .
In particular this impressive piece discusses the mysterious Majestic Twelve Documents , which claim to pertain to decade ’s worth of communication between alien races from other planets , and the governments of Earth .
The MJ - 12 documents portray just such a state of affairs .
Whether authentic or phony , the purported Majestic group represents the technocratic conception of totalitarianism .
Its alleged members constitute a coterie of policy professionals .
Yet , most UFO researchers fail to identify this thematic thread of technocratic thought .
Preoccupied with aliens and flying saucers , Ufologists overlook the technocratic implications of the MJ - 12 documents .
Interestingly enough , many Ufologists do not even object to the notion of policy professionals circumventing America ’s democratic processes and presiding over decision - making .
Instead , they merely object to the obscurantism surrounding such cults of expertise .
Evidently , some Ufologists do not fear authoritarianism .
They only fear secrecy , which , ironically , is a natural correlative of authoritarianism .
This question is a bit off the beaten path in regards to your article , but briefly keeping on the subject of the Heaven ’s Gate cult .
Is there a likely possibility that groups such as Heaven ’s Gate , or even Jim Jones , David Koresh or Charlie Manson , might have started off as government mind control projects which outgrew their usefulness ?
This thread could further run into political assassinations , or the manufacturing of events such as OK City , Columbine , or even 911 .
How deep to you see the rabbit hole going in regards to mind control and the cult connection ?
Paul :
The excellent investigative researcher Daniel Hopsicker has revealed that the 39 members of the Heaven ’s Gate cult that committed suicide were staying at the mansion of Sam Koutchesfahani .
Koutchesfahani was a retainer for the Shah of Iran , an arms dealer and an informant for the San Diego FBI at the time of the cult suicide .
We also know that the FBI was running an Operation Heaven ’s Gate in the San Diego area .
To say this is all coincidence is to strain credulity .
That whole cult suicide had many of the trademarks of a government mind control operation .
Jim Jones is an even more profound example .
At a very young age , Jones had hooked up with a man named Dan Mitrione .
Mitrione was a Navy veteran who became part of the Richmond Police Department .
He would later go to work for the CIA under a cover of working for the Agency of International Development ( USAID ) .
After a U.S. - sponsored coup led to Goulart ’s ouster in Brazil , Mitrione went to work there for the CIA teaching torture techniques to Brazilian police .
I believe Mitrione was Jones ’ CIA handler and probably taught Jones the advanced hypnosis techniques he used on his followers .
Congressman Leo Ryan believed Jones to be a CIA agent .
Ryan ’s daughter even filed a lawsuit that named Jones as a CIA operative .
But , the whole thing was covered up with what was labeled “ mass suicide . ”
Personally , I am not convinced .
National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski ordered the bodies at Jonestown stripped of all personal identification .
Investigative reporter Joseph Trento has revealed that Brzezinski was recruited by Ted Shackley as a CIA asset during his years as a young Polish college student .
Guyana ’s chief medical examiner , Dr. Leslie Mootoo conducted a medical examination on the bodies at Jonestown and concluded that more than 700 of the people were murdered .
Manson was connected in several ways to the Process Church of Final Judgment .
According to David Berkowitz , one of the Son of Sam killers who were associated with Process , the cult provided drugs for sex parties held at Roy Cohn ’s Connecticut residence .
Before his death from AIDS , Cohn admitted in an interview with former NYPD detective James Rothstein that he was running a sex / blackmail operation that employed children as a means of compromising pedophile politicians .
CIA agent Edwin Wilson continued the very same operation .
Sex and drugs are often employed to program people through abuse .
It goes on and on .
People wanting to know more might want to check out part two of our article “ The Deep Politics of God : The CNP , Dominionism , and the Ted Haggard Scandal . ”
I just went the long way around the barn to basically say that the rabbit hole in regards to intelligence mind control projects and their connection to cults goes very deep .
Probably deeper than we will ever know .
MAD : Regarding Jim Jones , he was also connected to the Disciples of Christ organization , and had many connections with high - up members of the John Birch Society .
Unfortunately , I completely agree with you on this .
We could have a 3 part discussion just on the connections of mind control cults , and the probable connections of X to Y .
Continuing with your article on UFO ’s and the implementation of a New Age technocracy based on deception and social engineering :
Yet , Ufologists and others associated with the UFO phenomenon ( e.g. , contactees , abductees , and cults ) are becoming increasingly agreeable towards anti-democratic paradigms , particularly Technocracy .
Thus , the MJ - 12 documents have proven instrumental in the promulgation of the technocratic paradigm .
It is the thesis of this essay that the enshrinement of the technocratic paradigm was the intended corollary underlying the revelation of Majestic 12 documents .
The specific variety of Technocracy towards which the UFO community is gravitating is the scientistic theocratic order of a sociocracy .
In their own way , the MJ - 12 documents are like the Protocols Of The Elders Of Zion to the Ufology community .
We cannot firmly confirm or deny the authenticity of either , yet we would be foolish to completely toss them aside without considering the deeper implications expressed within both of these puzzling and detailed texts .
Would you care to further elaborate on your personal thoughts regarding the MJ - 12 documents , as well as reiterate some of your research on how “ The Alien Agenda ” ties into the establishment of a scientific dictatorship ?
Phillip :
The MJ - 12 documents are conspicuously technocratic in character .
When they were released , they helped to promulgate a technocratic paradigm .
Notice that most Ufologists did not take issue with the idea of a coterie of policy professionals making all of the decisions concerning the UFO phenomenon .
All that they objected to was the obscurantism surrounding such a cult of expertise .
The MJ - 12 documents helped to ease the public conscious into the technocratic paradigm .
Moreover , the MJ - 12 documents also affirmed the beliefs of UFO cultists , who are actively engaged in religious engineering .
The religion that is being engineered by these cults is inherently technocratic , scientistic ( i.e. , derivative of the religion of scientism ) , and neo -Gnostic in character .
William Sims Bainbridge , who is a sociologist and a member of the National Science Foundation , has encouraged social scientists to begin to actively experiment with UFO cults in religious engineering .
He believes that , through such experimentation , social scientists could sculpt a religion that will facilitate the rise of a galactic civilization .
Bainbridge calls the scientistic theocracy that he wishes to see presiding over this future society the “ Church of God Galactic . ”
Bainbridge contends that one of the most promising models for this “ Church ” is Scientology .
Of course , Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard was a disciple of the notorious occultist Aleister Crowley .
While Scientologists correctly identify the more dubious elements of psychiatry and the field ’s history of psychocognitive manipulation , Scientology merely offers another form of brainwashing as an alternative .
Given his background as a sociologist , it comes as little surprise that Bainbridge would look upon Scientology so favorably .
The social sciences have always been technocratic in nature , a reality underscored by their origins with August Comte and Henri de Saint - Simon .
Bainbridge ’s mandate for social scientists to become religious engineers reiterates the Comtean concept of a sociocracy .
A sociocracy is a theocracy where social scientists act as the dominant priesthood .
The religion that this priesthood sculpts is inherently anthropocentric , venerating “ Humanity ” as symbolically represented through the “ Grand Being . ”
Such an anthropocentric religion is really nothing new .
History is replete with doctrines of the emergent deity of “ Man . ” Nietzsche ’s Ubermensch , Hegel ’s Weltgeist , and Freemasonry ’s “ Great Architect of the Universe ” are just a few cases in point .
Today , UFO cults proffer an exotheological Christ who could help man unlock his purported intrinsic divinity .
Just like the ancient Mystery religion that originated in Babylon and Egypt roughly 6000 years ago , the UFO religion promises the same thing … apotheosis .
Of course , someone else made the same promise in man ’s murky past .
It was a serpent whispering , “ … ye shall be as gods … ” Conceptually and philosophically , this is a slippery slope leading to Luciferianism , which is the ruling class religion .
Thus , you begin to see how religious engineering with UFO cults is instrumental in the mass inculcation of people into the ruling class religion .
In a sense , the UFO community is already becoming a quasi- sociocracy .
Intelligence operatives like Richard Doty have vigorously promoted the concept of an exotheological Christ .
Doty ’s neo-messianic assertions enjoyed mass dissemination through Ufologists like Linda Moulton Howe .
Intelligence operatives employ psychological warfare strategies that originated with OSS social scientists .
So , in a sense , social scientists have already acted as the priesthood for a new religious consciousness and an emergent theocratic order that is sociocratic in nature .
MAD : Staying on the topic of the MJ - 12 documents for a moment if we could , do you have any further information you might share regarding the enigmatic figure of VANNEVAR BUSH , who has not only been named as being the head member of such infamous governmental groups as the Majestic Twelve and PROJECT BLUEBOOK , but is also credited as being one of the main founders of the Human Genome Project , as well as a variety of secretive Pentagon projects which led to DARPA NET , and eventually gave birth to our modern day Internet and the World Wide Web .
He ’s credited by many as being the ‘ Father of the Information Age ’ and is well known for his involvement in the MANHATTAN PROJECT .
Undoubtedly a fascinating individual ( and incidentally a 33rd degree Freemason ) , have you run across Vannevar Bush very often in your research , and would you agree that he is a prominent figure not only within the realm of UFO ’s , but also within the territory of genetic modification and eugenics ?
Paul : Vannevar Bush should be admired for his opposition to Nazis that were being imported under Operation Paperclip .
He correctly saw them as a threat to democracy .
But , Bush had a shady side as well .
He was one of the primary architects of the military - industrial complex .
According to Frank Fischer , the military - industrial complex was central to the technocratic restructuring .
He was also a proponent of technocratic democracy .
That is quite different from Jeffersonian democracy .
Technocratic democracy was described by H.G. Wells .
He stated that the “ educated population ” should be allowed to vote .
In other words , democracy is consolidated in the hands of policy professionals , not the common people .
So a cult of expertise directs society and manipulates social change .
That is hardly what you or I have in mind when we think about the democratic institutions that are supposed to be part of our Republic .
The Founding Fathers established a system where the common person would receive a say in how their nation was ran .
Phillip :
You will consistently find technocratic themes surfacing with Ufology .
Again , you can see the socially and politically expedient purposes that the UFO community is serving .
MAD : Regarding the UFO phenomenon , including all the facets that come along with this research ( sightings , abductions , cattle mutilation , crop circles , etc ) , what is your purveying outlook on what ’s really occurring with all of these diverse reports ?
Is it a case of mass delusion and hysteria , or something else ?
While it ’s not easily definable , and there are ample hoaxes , it would be hard to deny that some of this footage and these accounts definitely have some elements of truth to them .
Exactly what that truth entails is still up for debate .
Phillip : Ultimately , we do n’t know .
There is a sizable body of evidence to support the contention that UFOs are part of a manipulation .
Given the technocratic character of many individuals in the UFO community , this contention seems stronger .
However , we can not say for certain .
There have been many compelling arguments made by those in the Christian Ufology camp .
Michael Heiser and Chuck Missler are two cases in point .
But , it is still difficult to say .
Personally , Paul and I find the Christian Ufology somewhat irksome .
They have made a virtual doctrine of the idea that the Watchers and UFO occupants are one in the same .
Yes , there are some interesting synchronicities .
But , it is still a stretch to state with absolute certainty that UFOs are the Watchers from the ‘ Book of Enoch ’ .
We do n’t reject the possibility , but many people have embraced this thesis as the sole explanation .
MAD : To open up a mandatory can of worms , the next question is rather simple though has far reaching implications .
What are some of your thoughts on the structure of political Zionism and how this plays into the creation of globalization and a one world government ?
Do you think , for instance , that Zionism played a prominent role , either directly or indirectly , in the formation of the NAZI Party , and the heinous events of WWII ?
Paul : Probably the best way to start off such a discussion is with a disclaimer .
Nothing I say here should be taken as a broad , general , sweeping condemnation of the Jewish people .
The purpose of sharing this information is to simply point out that the Power Elite and secret societies that act as oligarchical conduits have always sought to insert themselves into legitimate religious sects .
The end result has been communist , fascist , and other subversive constructs entrenched in all or most religious movements .
Hence , the duality we find in almost all religions .
There is a dark side to almost all major religions .
That dark side is almost always the result of some subversive influence .
So , what the student of elite criminality , elite deviance , parapolitics , and deep politics has to do is learn to follow key power players from certain ethnic backgrounds without making blanket accusations .
The Israeli -Russian mafia is a prime example of what I am trying to say .
This group is heavily involved in the diamond monopoly which , in turn , is involved in international terrorism .
So , you cannot avoid examining the Israeli - Russian mafia if you are ever going to understand both the diamond monoploy and terrorism .
The key is to not , in the process , label everyone named Sheingross or Goldstein a card - carrying member of organized crime rackets .
That would be not only counter - productive , but extremely stupid .
With the dark side of Zionism , I always look to the influence of the Frankist movement , which may have been a front for Illuminists that were predominantly gentiles .
The Frankist were , in fact , very irreligious , self - loathing Jews who believed that one achieves purity through carnal excesses and sin .
Thus , we find Frankists practicing sex orgies and entertaining the idea of destroying both traditional Christianity and traditional Judaism .
In other words , the traditionalist path was to be replaced with moral anarchy that would lead to social anarchy .
Such ideas are foreign to orthodox Jews .
As a matter of fact , orthodox Jewish rabbis referred to the Frankist leaders in Berlin as being comparable to the “ whore of Samson . ”
But while such ideas were foreign to orthodox Jews , they were not strange or alien to the predominantly Gentile Illuminist movement .
In his writings , Illuminist founder Adam Weishaupt called for the abolition of all ordered forms of religion .
We did an interview over the subject of the Frankist on ‘ Sphinx Radio ’ , which readers can listen to at the following URL .
Frank made outrageous messianic claims that gained him a lot of negative attention .
He was eventually convicted of heresy and imprisoned .
Unfortunately , this only came after the Frankists had triggered an anti-Jewish reaction through their nefarious activities .
This anti-Jewish reaction allowed the elite to conduct what is known in satanic and occult circles as a “ Blood Libel . ” A “ Blood Libel ” is essentially when elites practicing occultism and satanism blame their activities on a despised minority .
For instance , many anti-Semitic researchers claim that the ‘ Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion ’ were written over a course of three days at a Zionist conference .
The argument falls apart under scrutiny .
There were 197 Jewish delegates to the Zionist conference in question .
You could find among this group both orthodox and liberal thinkers .
You could even find anarchists .
The idea that you could get 197 diverse individuals to agree upon and put to paper a central agenda in three days time strains credulity .
The time span becomes even more problematic when you consider how elaborate the Protocols are .
A lot of thought was put into this document .
The arranging , organizing , and planning of something so detailed would take longer than three days .
Another problem is the presence of a lot of Masonic terms in what is supposed to be a Jewish document .
The document is signed by “ representatives of Sion of the 33rd degree . ”
Judaism has no 33rd degree .
It has no degrees at all .
It is not a religion that practices degrees of initiation .
Freemasonry , however , does practice degrees of initiation and has a 33rd degree .
It is also interesting that the Chicago Daily News edition of June 23 , 1920 reported that Czar Nicholas the 2nd ’s wife , Alexandra , wrote on April 7 , 1918 : “ Nicholas read to us the protocols of the freemason . ”
So what we see developing here is a picture of secret societies and subversive movements scapegoating the Jewish people .
And recall that the secret societies themselves are largely elite conduits .
Phillip : I am really careful when approaching the topic of Zionism .
While it is definitely a flawed political movement , it is by no means any sort of enclave of monolithic thought .
There are many anti-Jewish racists who cite Zionism as evidence for some sort of “ Jewish conspiracy . ”
The truth is that , although fraught by the corruption endemic to just about all political movements , Zionism is neither an unerring or monolithic conspiracy .
There are several strains of thought that populate Zionism , all of which I believe are problematic .
Critiques of Zionism are certainly justifiable , especially in light of the racial disparities between Jews and Palestinians stemming from Israel ’s implementation of Zionist policies .
However , this does not constitute some malevolent “ Jewish conspiracy . ”
As for Judaism , I believe it is important for us as Christians to recognize the shadows and types in the Torah .
The Old Testament is replete with portraits of the coming Messiah .
Discerning this thematic thread really allows us to see the divine inspiration in the writing of the Scriptures .
MAD : Likewise , how do you feel The Vatican is connected to this whole orchestration of events ?
Some of the most prolific and prominent scientific minds of the past four centuries have come out of the Jesuit Order ( Society of Jesus ) , and we’d be apt to raise a suspicious eyebrow at any group which claims three billion devout followers .
Paul :
The Illuminati was responsible for systematizing the means and methods that constitute deep politics .
So , deep political practices were indirectly influenced by the Jesuits , a contention reinforced by the fact that Illuminist founder Adam Weishaupt heavily borrowed from the Jesuits .
That being said , there is a lot of nonsense making rounds through the internet rumor mills out there claiming that the Illuminati was controlled from the Vatican .
This junk gets taxing on me and I really have no patience for it because it is a demonstration of very bad research .
I say that as a non-Catholic who still believes that the Vatican has more than its share of corruption .
The current king of this myth is Eric Jon Phelps .
Phelps ’ contentions are merely a rehash of the theories of Alberto Rivera , a man who claimed to be a former Jesuit .
Rivera had been involved in a number of criminal activities including writing bad checks , fraud , and credit card theft .
He claimed to be collecting money for a Spanish college , but the college never received any of the money he was collecting .
At one point , he said he left the Catholic Church in 1952 .
But , then he changed his tune and said he left in 1967 .
He claimed to have received three doctorates , but his own chronology does not allow for the time required to earn any of those .
He later admitted to having received those doctorates from a diploma mill in Colorado .
He said he had children with his wife at a time when his own chronology holds he was a celibate monk .
Rivera was a con-artist and he acts as the foundation of Phelp ’s ideas .
Truth be told , Adam Weishaupt drew a lot from the Jesuits because he was trained by them and admired their system of hierarchical observation .
But , he hated the Jesuits and wanted to destroy them with their own methods .
Phillip :
The ideational continuum that runs from the Jesuits to Weishaupt ’s infamous Illuminati is most paradoxical .
As Michel Foucault observed in ‘ Discipline and Punish ’ , the Jesuits employed an early form of panopticism in their model colleges .
Weishaupt ’s tutelage by Jesuits exposed him to panopticism , and allowed him to develop his own system of hierarchical observation known as Seelenspionage .
This system was slightly more complex than the Jesuit system .
The Jesuits relied heavily upon spatial and chronemic regulation for the efficient maintenance of power among adherents .
Weishaupt ’s system sought to move beyond the mere arrangement of spatial unities and rigid timetabling .
Weishaupt employed a system of semiotic manipulation .
Seelenspionage involved the close examination of observable behavior in order to gain “ access to the subject ’s soul . ”
However , Weishaupt ’s system of panopticism was premised upon physicalistic assumptions , which are fraught by a ridiculously oversimplified schematicism .
Such a paint - by - numbers approach is reminiscent of Delsartes ’ method of acting , which contended that truly great performers could mimic all the proper gestures to communicate the emotional state of their characters .
What is paradoxical about the ideational continuum binding the Jesuits with the Illuminati is Weishaupt ’s heritage as an Enlightenment thinker .
The Enlightenment harbored an overwhelming disdain for the Jesuits and considered them to be the “ shock troops ” of the Vatican .
MAD : I myself am not a “ follower ” of Eric Phelp ’s work , and have noticed that most of the anti-Jesuit theories indeed do originate from a rather extremist Protestant viewpoint .
That being said , I still find it hard to deny the power and influence of the Jesuit Order , and the close ties that most political institutions share with the Catholic Church .
Keeping on the subject of the Catholic Church for a moment , one of the areas of your book which I have always found fascinating and rather dubious , is the probable relationship of Martin Luther to that of various secret societies of the day , in particular the Rosicrucian Order .
Page 298 of your book states :
Luther ’s involvement in the Rosicrucian Order made him an ideal instrument of secret societies .
However , occultism was not the only belief system benefiting from the Reformation .
Elitism and oligarchy would also receive a boost from Luther ’s activities .
It should be recalled that many of the secret societies supporting Luther acted as elite conduits .
While Luther was already ideologically aligned with the elites in many ways , he officially became their property in 1521 .
In this year , the papacy ’s secular representative , Emperor Charles V , summoned Luther to a Diet at the city known as Worms .
Luther was to defend himself against a papal decree that excommunicated him from the Church .
Could you give us a little bit of a background on the Rosicrucian influence of Luther or vice versa , and how Protestantism and Calvinism play into the whole globalization conspiracy ?
As with the Freemasons , or even the much hyped Bavarian Illuminati , do you see this all stemming from a game of controlled opposition which is working in conjunction towards the same budding Scientific Dictatorship ?
Phillip : I think that the Rosicrucian influence upon Martin Luther is made evident by his adoption of nominalism .
Nominalism rejected man ’s innate ability of abstraction .
In turn , the rejection of abstraction leads to the rejection of all universal principles .
With universal principles relegated to the realm of metaphysical fantasy , the objective character of God is obliterated .
The slippery slope reaches its nadir with the epistemological enthronement of all that is quantifiably demonstrable .
Metaphysical primacy is bestowed upon the ontological plane of the physical universe .
Conceptually and philosophically , the nominalist is predisposed to more occult strains of thought , like pantheism and immanentism .
Not surprisingly , the liberal movement within Protestant theology would proffer theories of divine immanence .
The doctrines of emergent deities that originated in Babylon and Egypt found continuity in Luther ’s nominalism .
Not only did Luther ’s nominalism spiritually compromise Christianity , but it also led to widespread superstition .
With the objective character of God rejected , many medieval peasants made the anthropic attribution of the Black Death to the will of God .
You see similar anthropic attributions made today by the radical environmentalist movement .
Just as medieval peasants credited God with the plague , modern radical environmentalists credit the pagan deity of Mother Earth with hurricanes and other natural disasters .
At any rate , the superstition that stemmed from Luther ’s adoption of nominalism would provide the Enlightenment with a seemingly stronger case against theistic faiths .
And , out of the Enlightenment would emerge the conceptual template for many modern scientific dictatorships .
MAD : The Order of the Rosy Cross in general , based largely on alchemical ideals of transfiguration ( man into god ) , how influential do you think this society has been over the past few hundred years , and do you believe that they still hold sway over religious and political decisions in the modern era ?
Would you say without much doubt that the Reformation was indeed based around Rosicrucian influence and manipulation ?
Phillip : Again , I think the Rosicrucian influence seems to be largely an epistemological one .
Radical empiricism and the preoccupation with quantifiable entities were hallmarks of Rosicrucian thinking .
Some researchers believe that Rosicrucian ideas largely shaped Masonic thought .
This contention seems to be reinforced by the radical empiricism and scientism of the early British Royal Society Freemasons .
It is also strengthened by the view that the Royal Society represented the tangible enactment of Bacon ’s “ Invisible College . ”
How does this epistemological continuity contribute to the emergence of modern scientific dictatorships ?
Saint - Simon , the mentor of August Comte , would extend radical empiricism to the whole of the social body .
In so doing , he would develop the physiological or organic interpretation of the state .
Comte , who is considered the founding father of sociology , would reiterate this concept as the “ social organism . ”
The political doctrine implied by this epistemology is collectivism , which was the commonly held doctrine of both communists and fascists .
Collectivism permeates the very etymology of “ communism ” and “ fascism . ”
The appellation of “ communism ” comes from the Latin root communis , which means “ group ” living .
Fascism is a derivation of the Italian word fascio , which is translated as “ bundle ” or “ group . ”
Both fascism and communism are forms of coercive group living , or more succinctly , collectivism .
The only substantial difference between the two is fascism ’s limited observance of private property rights , which is ostensible at best given its susceptibility to rigid government regulation .
In 1933 , Hitler candidly admitted to Hermann Rauschning that “ the whole of National Socialism is based on Marx . ” Nazism ( a variant of fascism ) is derivative of Marxism .
The historical conflicts between communism and fascism were merely feuds between two socialist totalitarian camps , not two dichotomously related forces .
At any rate , these modern scientific dictatorships find their conceptual and philosophical origins with the epistemology of occult organizations like Rosicrucianism and Freemasonry .
I think that pretty succinctly encapsulates the real influence of Rosicrucianism on modern history .
MAD : In your article entitled Luciferianism : The Religion Of Apotheosis , you state the following :
Luciferianism is the product of religious engineering , which sociologist William Sims Bainbridge defines as “ the conscious , systematic , skilled creation of a new religion ” ( “ New Religions , Science , and Secularization , ” no pagination ) .
In actuality , this is a tradition that even precedes Bainbridge .
It has been the practice of Freemasonry for years .
It was also the practice of Masonry ’s religious and philosophical progenitors , the ancient pagan Mystery cults .
The inner doctrines of the Mesopotamian secret societies provided the theological foundations for the Christian and Judaic heresies , Kabbalism and Gnosticism .
A historical corollary of this popularization has been the rise of several cults and mass movements , exemplified by the various mystical sects and gurus of the sixties counterculture .
The metastasis of Luciferian thinking continues to this very day .
Would you agree that the whole “ occult ” system , or even religion itself , was basically manufactured for the sole purpose of “ turning Man into God ” , much in the same way Jesus is said to have turned water into wine ?
And more specifically , is this solely for the benefit of EL - ite factions , though presented as if it is for the exaltation of all humanity ?
Could you briefly elaborate on your perceptions of Luciferianism , and how this is connected to the mechanizations of Scientism ?
Phillip : Throughout history , religions have been somewhat evenly divided into two varieties .
There are theocentric religions , which acknowledge the centrality of a transcendent God to the redemption and perfection of man .
Then , there are anthropocentric religions , which attempt to supplant God and exalt man as the sole source of his salvation .
Self - salvation is the core doctrine of Gnosticism , which is an outgrowth of the older Mystery religions that originated in Mesopotamia roughly 6,000 years ago .
The religion of Gnosticism would be codified as revolutionary doctrine with the Enlightenment .
Although the Enlightenment was proffered as an alternative to religion , it was nothing more than the 18th century incarnation of the older anthropocentric religions of occult antiquity .
The sacred text of the Enlightenment was Diderot ’s Encyclopedia .
Interestingly enough , this secular bible was adorned with the symbols of occult Freemasonry and even an illustration of Lucifer !
Enlightenment humanism was essentially Luciferianism disseminated on the popular level as a new secular gospel .
Like many of the occult secret societies that inspired it , the Enlightenment venerated Lucifer as a symbol of man ’s potential to be apotheosized through his own cognitive powers .
Following the Gnostic practice of immanentization , Enlightenment thinkers re-conceptualized Lucifer as an object of immanent experience .
No longer was the nachash ( “ shining one ” ) a spiritual entity .
Now , he was purely an immanent force that incarnated itself through human reason .
Astute readers will recognize the parallels between this new secular mythology and the radically revised Eden account in ‘ The Hypostasis of the Archons ’ .
While the Enlightenment rejected the truth of the Scriptures , it still exhibited an Edenic motif of its own .
The new Eden was the earthly paradise of social democracy .
The ontological plane of the physical universe constituted the totality of reality itself and , through gnosis , it could be alchemically transformed into heaven .
Working in conjunction with man ’s apotheosized reason , progress would re-sculpt nature into an imperishable state of Utopian permanence .
Herein was the Enlightenment ’s ultimate religious vision …
Eden reconstituted without God .
Because it acted as an instrument of human reason , science was considered integral to the realization of this vision .
Enlightenment thinkers would advocate the universal imposition of science upon all fields of inquiry .
Of course , given its epistemological constraints , science can only deal with phenomena that are empirically and quantifiably demonstrable .
So , the Enlightenment theoreticians ignored all concepts , principles , and values that defied quantification .
Supra-sensible and supra-rational entities were thoroughly rejected .
Science ’s empirical and quantifiable observations were dogmatically upheld as absolute truth .
What was initially an instrument for the broadening of human understanding had been transformed into a form of epistemological imperialism .
This is scientism .
Of course , the Enlightenment would reach its nadir with the French Revolution , which was literally a neo -Gnostic jihad to establish an anthropocentric theocracy .
The French Revolution provided the model for every modern socialist revolutionary movement .
All sociopolitical Utopianism has been neo-Gnostic in character .
Communists , fascists , and other socialist sects have always endeavored to immanentize the Eschaton .
All of these neo -Gnostic crusades found pseudo - scientific legitimacy in the modern myth of Darwinism , which dignified the Gnostic doctrine of self - salvation with the metaphysical claim of self - creation .
Thus , we have the birth of modern scientific dictatorships .
Thematically underpinning this new theocratic order has always been the anthropocentric hubris that man would be become a god .
This conceit merely reiterates Lucifer ’s aspiration to become like the Most High .
The lie of the serpent lives on .
MAD :
In this same article you go on to state :
He makes man aware of his own innate divinity and promises to unlock the god within us all .
This theme of apotheosis underpinned both Gnosticism and the pagan Mystery religions .
While Gnosticism ’s origins with the Ancient Mystery cults remains a source of contention amongst scholars , its promises of liberation from humanity ’s material side is strongly akin to the old pagan Mystery ’s variety of “ psychic therapy ” .
In addition , the Ancient Mystery religion promised the opportunity to erase the curse of mortality by direct encounter with the patron deity , or in many instances by actually undergoing an apotheosis , a transfiguration of human into divine .
If this is true , and I largely agree with you about the role of Luciferianism in relation to the occult traditions and mystery teachings , where do you think it all went wrong ?
Is the key component and core for humanities long enduring strife primarily because the suffering of the many goes to benefit the prosperity of the few at the top of this classist caste system and pyramid of control ?
Phillip :
It all goes wrong with anthropocentricism .
When belief systems begin to venerate the cognitive powers of man as the chief facilitator of his salvation , all of the ingredients are in place for the enshrinement of a self - proclaimed “ cognitive elite . ”
Priests used to fill this role .
Now , it is institutionally accredited science that acts as the dominant ecclesiastical authority .
Whether theocratic or technocratic , such systems are always authoritarian in character .
On the other hand , theocentric belief systems are self - correcting .
Given their acknowledgement of the objective character of God , theocentric belief systems lift the countenance of man towards the heavens .
With God acting as the only standard for truth , the voracity of any man-made edicts is evaluated according to a much higher standard .
Any system that is inconsistent with the objective standard of truth provided by God is eventually jettisoned .
MAD : To change the subject , though still regarding related material .
What does your research indicate about the possible future of RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) , and why should people be so concerned about this technology getting out of control ?
Phillip : RFID holds the potential to technologically augment already existing systems of panopticism .
Emergent technologies like RFID could facilitate the rise of what Charles Stross calls a Panopticon Singularity .
The Panopticon Singularity is a carceral state made absolute in its power by technology .
Of course , there are other technologies that contributing to the rise of this new , hi-tech version of Jeremy Bentham ’s panoptic tower .
PROMIS software , Echelon , and Carnivore are just a few more examples .
That being said , I think that a lot of RFID research is still pretty speculative .
To be sure , we must n’t overlook RFID ’s potential panoptic applications .
However , I have also heard some rather sensationalistic claims about RFID , the majority of which are being promoted by tabloid - style journalists of the Alex Jones pedigree .
So , serious researchers must pry a lot of fiction away from fact .
MAD : It ’s a bit of a touchy subject , and we ’ve had some discussion on this matter in private over the past couple of days , but what are your feelings on the state of the so - called “ 911 Truth Movement ” ?
Where do you think this is heading , and will we ever get to the truth about the events and subsequential cover - up that transpired on September 11th , 2001 ?
Do you think that the ‘ Truth Movement ’ , for all intents and purposes , has kinda been stuck at the exact same spot for the past 5 years ?
Do you see corporate and political manipulation at work here ?
Paul : The 9/11 “ Truth ” movement is very taxing on my patience .
It is so obvious to anyone with proper research methods that most of these guys are hacks .
Instead of following people and money trails , these guys concoct and invent things to believe .
For example , the demolitions in the building scenario .
The buildings ’ collapses registered on the Richter Scale .
The collapses came in on the scale at 2.1 and 2.3 .
Having lived in southern California from the time I was in fifth grade to my second year of high school , I am quite familiar with the Richter scale .
You have to be out there because of all the seismic activity .
The Richter scale is used to measure the magnitude of an earthquake .
Put this into perspective .
The buildings became the epicenters for earthquakes when those planes struck .
You do n’t think that will cause a building ’s structural integrity to be compromised ?
Furthermore , if there were demos in those buildings , riddle me this : when did all the reverse architectural work occur ?
That would have been a massive undertaking .
It would have called for pulling out beams and walls .
That can not be done without catching people ’s attention .
Nobody witnessed such activity in the days before 9/11 .
The Pentagon theory is even more ridiculous .
First of all , this theory began with Thierry Meyssan , a French man that did n’t even travel to the States to investigate the crime scene .
Instead , he wrote his book in France .
Second of all , 9/11 “ truthers ” contend that the lack of debris at the impact sight means there was no plane .
This begs the question that Von Kleist and Meyssan feel they have no responsibility to explain : what happened to American Airlines flight 77 ?
Airliners such as flight 77 are made from aluminum .
What happens when an aluminum aircraft smacks into a concrete structure at high speeds ?
It vaporizes .
It is converted into aluminum oxide .
Pure and simple .
Finally , activist Penny Schoner has collected 86 testimonies of people who actually saw the plane hit the Pentagon .
Morning traffic on I -395 saw the plane hit .
Are all these people part of the cover - up ?
Give me a break .
The 9/11 Truth movement is a disinformation machine meant to provide pseudo - intellectuals like Gerald Posner and Daniel Pipes with straw men to knock down .
A major contributor to the movement is John Gray , writer of the Men Are From Mars , Women Are From Venus .
His whole schtick is owned part and parcel by the Iran / Contra arms dealer Adnan Kashoggi .
Kashoggi is still very much tied to the CIA and some neocon elements .
This disinfo operation has worked like a charm .
Responsible 9/11 researchers such as Daniel Hopsicker , Sander Hicks , the New American magazine staff , and Indira Singh have largely been ignored .
Everyone is busy chasing an Ian Fleming fiction around and letting the trail go cold .
And , normal people do n’t want anything to do with the whole thing , because the 9/11 truthers present ideas that strain credulity .
9/11 was not an “ inside job . ”
Having known people involved in intelligence and having studied the history and politics of intelligence at college , I can tell you that covert operations do not work that way .
Covert ops involve surrogates .
9/11 was the work of what L. Fletcher Prouty called a “ secret team . ”
A secret team is simply a group of people with top security clearances , both in the government and civilians .
These people receive intel reports from the NSA , CIA , and other alphabet organizations in the intelligence community .
These people are in key positions of influence that allow them to switch off a sizeable portion of the national security apparatus right when it is needed the most .
MAD : While we could “ debate ” whether or not there were in fact demolitions in the WTC , or what struck the Pentagon , I would absolutely agree with you that “ Inside Job ” is n’t even a proper term , and it really is more about a “ secret team ” or what Bush Jr. himself labeled as a “ Shadow Government ” .
And as per our discussion from previous emails , I would agree with you that demolitions and “ no plane ” theories are a bit of a diversion , yet there is still something that has n’t been settled entirely with these debates .
Although , I 100 % agree with you , that some day down the short road , it may be proven that there were no demolitions , and that a plane did indeed strike the Pentagon , and those revelations would go a long way to discrediting the “ 911 Truth Movement ” , a movement which for all intents and purposes cannot stop talking about Building 7 .
Rosie O’Donnell recently claimed that building 7 was brought down in order to cover - up information on the Enron scandal and other corporate corruption , and that goes to show you that any “ celebrity ” can say anything , and a lot of people will believe it just because they love bandwagons .
What people or groups do you think benefited most from the staged 911 disaster ?
Surely , as Bush Sr. and Jr. both stated , this was a tremendous opportunity to further the implementation of the ‘ New World Order ’ .
Paul : Initially , all of the factions of the Western elite could have benefitted from the attacks .
However , it was the neoconservatives that really capitalized on 9/11 and actually developed a virtual monopoly on the topic .
This has caused serious divisions within the ranks of the global oligarhical establishment .
Many Western elites have actually turned on the neocons .
They rightly believe that the neocon model of world order is alienating the elites of China , Russia , and the EU .
The neocon script for a new world order calls for the creation of a global American Empire prior to a full - blown world government .
This means that Western oligarchs would be the dominant force when the Empire folds into world government .
Russia , China , and the EU absolutely refuse to be subordinates or junior partners in the new world order .
So they are pulling away and this makes political and economic merger extremely difficult , if not totally impossible .
Currently , Brzezinski seems to be the one leading the charge against the neocons .
He is mad because the neocons have moved away from the blueprint he laid out in The Grand Chessboard .
The invasion of Afghanistan met Brzezinski ’s expectations because that country is part of Eurasia , a geographic area Brzezinski feels America must control if it is to become a global empire .
But the invasion of Iraq in 2003 was a deviation from Brzezinski ’s blueprint .
Iraq is part of the Arabian Peninsula , not Eurasia .
So we see some serious oligarchical warfare shaping up .
Hopefully , none of us will be hurt in the process .
Actually , while these guys proceed to cannibalize one another , it would be a perfect time for the common people of the America and the world in general to begin a political revolt .
That revolt can take many forms .
What I want here in America is a peaceful one where the rule of law is reintroduced by forcing the people ’s representatives to be receptive to their primary constituents , you and I , once more .
The representatives in America ’s political system have to learn make the Constitution and the Bill of Rights their standard again .
We are the ones who have to tell them to honor the Freedom Documents again .
If we did that en mass , imagine the effect it would have .
MAD : We ’ve already mentioned the love that both of you have for theater and performing arts .
Are their any specific plays or performances that you appreciate the most ?
Likewise , being musicians , who are some of your favorite bands and composers ?
Favorite movies ?
( Sorry if this is turning into a Myspace page . )
Paul : I like any play that allows me as an actor to do something interesting and gives me some real goals to work towards .
That ’s why David Mamet would probably be the best playwright for me … if it was n’t for all the profanity .
He provides actors with real , physical activities and tangible goals to achieve .
He demystifies the whole thing .
It was Mickey Rourke who made me want to act .
Every performance he puts forward is perfect .
I have yet to see him give a weak performance , even in his bad movies .
My favorite bands right now are Crimson Glory , TNT , and Dragonforce .
I like progressive metal and power metal .
That is the stuff I grew up on and what made me pick up the bass .
The songs I have written really draw inspiration from that genre .
I love most of Michael Mann ’s movies .
I really anticipate Sin-Jin Smyth , if that one ever gets released .
I love the Passion of the Christ because it was the first movie about Jesus that one could actually consider a work of art , not some campy schlock like Left Behind .
Phillip :
Oh , wow !
Where do I begin ?
Well , in terms of plays , I immensely enjoy the work of David Mamet .
His prose is wonderfully idiosyncratic , replete with odd meters and slightly esoteric semiotic undercurrents .
In particular , Oleana illustrates with vicious eloquence the function of political correctness in semiotic warfare .
The entire play examines the complex interchange between a college professor and his student .
As the discourse progresses , we see more and more of the professor ’s modes of thought and behavior being criminalized .
Allegations of sexual harassment are eventually hurled .
Finally , the student demands the removal of the professor ’s book from the university library and it becomes apparent that what ’s truly at work is intellectual totalitarianism .
Mamet also radically changed my outlook on acting .
Initially , I was a Stanislavsky “ Method ” actor .
I followed the same rituals .
Emotional memory .
Sense memory .
Oral interpretation .
Substitution .
The “ Fourth Wall . ”
I used to employ all of these techniques and all that they would do is frustrate the living crap out of me .
My performances were pretty decent , but I found that the Method techniques were actually hindering me .
Then , I read Mamet ’s ‘ True and False ’ .
Basically , Mamet took a battering ram to the Method .
His philosophy of acting is very pragmatic and practical .
Instead of attempting to employ virtually worthless exercises in introspection , I started to apply Mamet ’s simple and idealistic principles .
I owe a debt of gratitude to Mamet because his work rekindled my passion for acting at a time when I was becoming disillusioned .
In terms of favorite actors , I am an enormous fan of Mickey Rourke ’s work .
Rourke is the modern incarnation of Steve McQueen and Marlon Brandon .
His subtlety and vulnerability makes his performances all the more captivating to watch .
He fell out of Hollywood ’s good graces for a while there .
But , thankfully , people are rediscovering Rourke ’s talent .
I also enjoy Lance Henrikson ’s work , especially in the TV show Millennium .
I have a sizable catalogue of other acting inspirations , most of which being underrated and slightly obscure talents .
These include Brad Dourif , Ted Levine , and the late Donald Pleasance .
As for favorite bands , I have a ton .
Enumerating all of them is a daunting task .
However , I will name a couple of artists that particularly inspire me as a guitarist .
One of the most influential players to shape my approach to the fretboard was Yngwie J. Malmsteem .
Initially , my playing was restricted to box pentatonic scales .
Then , I heard Yngwie and was blown away .
He was so technical and , simultaneously , melodic .
I immediately began learning the harmonic minor scale , alternate picking , alternative picking , and sweep picking .
Since then , I have immensely enjoyed technical players .
Chris Impellitteri , Paul Gilbert , Ronnie LeTekro , Rusty Cooley , Zakk Wylde , Michael Angelo , Doug Aldrich , Reb Beech , George Lynch , John Petrucci … the list goes on and on .
I also enjoy the music of Midnight Syndicate .
Their material sounds more like horror film scores , particularly the pulsing compositions of John Carpenter .
Midnight Syndicate ’s work is like a cerebral theatre , stimulating the imagination with haunting and mysterious soundscapes .
I used some of their work in a short horror film that I directed and edited a back in 2002 .
The film is called Harvest Moon and it stars Paul in the lead role .
For anybody who would like to check it out , you can get a copy at www.dre5productions.com.
The film has a few visceral highlights , namely an exploding and disappearing cornfield and one angry alien .
As for favorite movies , I have quite a few .
I absolutely love The Passion .
I do n’t think any other film has move beautifully captured the enormity of Christ ’s sacrifice for humanity .
Many of the past depictions of Jesus ’ crucifixion have been somewhat pedestrian and euphemistic .
The Passion does not understate Jesus ’ suffering in the least .
Instead of protecting audiences from the true agony of Christ , this film presents it with brutal honesty .
In so doing , Christ ’s heroism as man ’s redeemer is driven home with manifold force .
I also enjoy many of John Carpenter ’s films .
Ostensibly , his movies appear to be standard exercises in horror , suspense , and sci - fi storytelling .
However , the thematic undercurrents of his films run much deeper .
For instance , They Live succinctly captures the essence of semiotic warfare and media manipulation .
Carpenter presents this subject in the sci - fi context of an alien invasion story .
Carpenter employs the same metaphorical approach in The Thing .
While the film ostensibly deals with an unseen alien invader , The Thing is actually an eschatological examination .
It postulates that the end of the world will come from within , not from without .
The creature that hides within human hosts is symbolic of the systemic corruption within man .
As the monster moves from one host to another , a climate of paranoia begins to develop .
It is this paranoia that ultimately leads the deaths of many of the movie ’s characters .
If you ’ll notice , the film was released during the Cold War .
Through The Thing , Carpenter basically satirized the Manichean paradigm of Cold War politics .
Really smart filmmaking .
I also intensely enjoy films like The Thin Red Line , Heat , The Insider , Narc , Ordinary People , and other dramas that closely examine the human condition .
I like some sci - fi , horror , and fantasy films , but only those that somehow bring the human condition into clearer focus .
Occasional escapism is fine , but it can eventually leave audiences feeling detached .
For me , something in a film must resonate with the human spirit .
As you can probably surmise from this rather lengthy response , I am very passionate about the arts .
Like I said earlier , that was always my first love .
For readers who would be interested in reading my more artistic work , they can check out Expansive Thoughts .
This is a collection of short stories , poetry , and prose that I recently published with two other writers .
The official Website for the book is expansivethoughts.com .
MAD : As for John Carpenter , I completely agree with you , he is a brilliant film maker , and there are always deeper layers to his work than what merely lies on the surface .
Add the fact that he also does the musical scores for his films , and you ’re dealing with a real dynamo of talent .
I ’d recommend a newer production from him if you ’re interested , which recently aired on the Showtime Masters of Horror series , entitled Cigarette Burns .
Regarding the Passion of the Christ , I would have to humbly disagree with you on this point , as I think Mel Gibson has turned into a rather pompous windbag , and if I want to know the “ real story ” of Jesus Chirst , I ’d rather just read The Bible than to watch a two - hour torture scene .
But , I respect your views on this film , it was well made if nothing else .
But , like The Da Vinci Code , I think it received entirely too much attention , which took away from the impact these film adaptations might have otherwise produced .
Are there any specific non-fiction books that you ’d recommend to those readers out there who would like to come to grips with , and get a better understanding of , the New World Order and the promotion of scientific elitism ?
Phillip :
Those who honestly want to understand conspiratorial history , elite criminality , and deep politics are going to have to exercise some serious discernment .
They are going to have to seek out material that looks a bit deeper than the standard conspiracy literature .
Many books dealing with this topic are intentionally designed to affirm sensationalistic presuppositions .
Anyone seeking such affirmation should do this field a favor and give up .
Their ilk belongs in comic book stores , not in the halls of scholarship and research .
Sorry , but I had to say that .
Endeth of sermon .
Now , here are a few of my suggestions :
And , of course , I recommend that everyone read the Scriptures !
I would also like to urge readers to check out Terry Melanson ’s forthcoming release , Perfectibles [ Perfectibilists ] .
Paul and I have had the privilege of taking a sneak peak at this monumental piece of work .
I can assure serious researchers that this will be the real deal !
Terry has assembled the definitive examination of the Illuminati !
No sensationalism .
No embellishment .
This is the one , folks !
Terry Melanson is an outstanding researcher and Perfectibles will raise the bar for this field !
Paul :
When it comes to books you should study , trade youth for dignity .
By that I mean stay away from the sensational junk that was written solely for the purpose of entertaining .
Serious - minded people would be well - served by the following :
There are some books that I am anticipating that have not been released just yet .
They are :
Perfectibilists : The 18th Century Bavarian Order of the Illuminati by Terry Melanson
by Terry Melanson Blueprint for Terror by Indira Singh
MAD : That should keep hearty readers busy for a long while to come .
Phillip , being a fan of comic book and graphic novel literature myself , I ’ll try not to take offense to that statement , but I understand the point you ’re trying to make .
Guys , it ’s been an absolute pleasure and I ’m looking forward to speaking again soon .
You ’ve got a tremendous wealth of information and perspective to provide , and I highly encourage everyone to spend some time with your many articles posted at Conspiracy Archive , as well as find a copy of your excellent book The Ascendancy Of The Scientific Dictatorship .
Thank you again for taking the time with me today .
Until our next discussion , is there anything you ’d like to leave the readers with ?
Phillip :
Thank you so much for this opportunity .
Hopefully , your readers will find the conversation elucidating .
I just want to say that all of the glory goes to my Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ .
He has led me down the right paths .
It is because of Him that I have been able to understand all of this .
On the macrocosmic level , this is a battle between good and evil .
For those of you who are truly seeking a love that never fails , ask Jesus into your heart .
I did and have not regretted it ever since .
You have nothing to lose .
Yes , there is a conspiracy of darkness upon this world .
But , Jesus said that He overcame the world .
That is still the case today .
Though the world passes away , the Word shall not .
Paul :
These are dark times we live in .
And , they are likely to grow darker before light breaks .
But , there are ways of prospering in the midst of it all .
That prosperity begins with your spirit .
Turn it all over to the Creator and you will have tapped into the One who is the source of the spirit ’s prosperity .
You can do that through His Son Jesus Christ .
I could tell you to get out of debt .
I could tell you to start exploring precious metals .
I could give you any number of survival tips I have picked up along the way .
However , it is coming to the Father through His Son Jesus that is the key to it all .
If you get right with the Lord , everything will fall into place .
About the Authors
MAD is the Administrator at www.nwowatcher.com and co-host of the Revolution Radio program found at www.revradio.org.
Recent articles by MAD can be found HERE , and recent interviews can be viewed HERE .
Phillip D. Collins acted as the editor for The Hidden Face of Terrorism and co-authored the book The Ascendancy of the Scientific Dictatorship with his brother Paul Collins .
Both books are available at www.amazon.com.
Phillip has also written articles for News With Views , Conspiracy Archive , and the Vexilla Regis Journal .
In 1999 , Phillip earned an Associate degree of Arts and Science from Clark State Community College .
In 2006 , he earned a bachelor ’s degree with majors in communication studies and liberal studies along with a minor in philosophy from Wright State University .
Phillip worked as a staff writer for a weekly news publication , the Vandalia Drummer , between late 2007 and 2011 .
During his tenure with the paper , he earned several accolades .
In 2011 , he was inducted into the Media Honor Roll by the Ohio School Board Association for his extensive coverage of the Vandalia - Butler School District .
That very same year , the Ohio Newspaper Association bestowed an Osman C. Hooper Newspaper Award upon Phillip for Best Photo .
In addition , the City of Vandalia officially proclaimed that November 7 , 2011 would be known as “ Phillip Collins Day . ”
This honor was bestowed upon Phillip for his tireless coverage of the City and community .
Shortly after bringing his journalism career to a close , Phillip received another Osman C. Hooper Newspaper Award in the category of In - depth Reporting .
This award was given to Phillip for his investigative work over the death of U.S. Marine Maria Lauterbach and the resultant Department of Defense reforms concerning sexual assault and rape .
The case drew national attention and received TV coverage by major media organs .
Phillip currently works for the Wyoming Department of Corrections , where he earned the distinction of Employee of the Quarter for the third quarter of 2013 .
Phillip still works as a freelance journalist and is currently collaborating with his brother on a follow - up to The Ascendancy of the Scientific Dictatorship
Not sure if you all got the email going around a couple weeks ago with The Washington Post 's winning submissions for its yearly neologism contest , in which readers are asked to supply alternate meanings for common words .
Some of my favorites include :
Lymph ( v. ) , to walk with a lisp .
Pokemon ( n ) , a Rastafarian proctologist .
Circumvent ( n. ) , an opening in the front of boxer shorts worn by Jewish men .
I 've posted the complete list after the jump .
Meanwhile , The Washington Post 's Style Invitational also asked readers to take any word from the dictionary , alter it by adding , subtracting , or changing one letter , and supply a new definition .
Again , some of my favs :
Giraffiti ( n ) : Vandalism spray - painted very , very high .
Sarchasm ( n ) : The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who does n't get it .
Ignoranus ( n ) : A person who 's both stupid and an arse .
I 've put the rest of that list after the jump , as well , but now open the floor to you all .
Pick a word , alter it by a letter , and send us your definition .
I 'll reprint the best ones next week !
1. Coffee ( n. ) , the person upon whom one coughs .
2. Flabbergasted ( adj. ) , appalled over how much weight you have gained .
3. Abdicate ( v. ) , to give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach .
4. Esplanade ( v. ) , to attempt an explanation while drunk .
5. Willy - nilly ( adj. ) , impotent .
6. Negligent ( adj. ) , describes a condition in which you absent - mindedly answer the door in your nightgown .
7. Lymph ( v. ) , to walk with a lisp .
8. Gargoyle ( n. ) , olive - flavored mouthwash .
9. Flatulence ( n. ) emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller .
10 . Balderdash ( n. ) , a rapidly receding hairline .
11 . Testicle ( n. ) , a humorous question on an exam .
12 . Rectitude ( n. ) , the formal , dignified bearing adopted by proctologists .
13 . Pokemon ( n ) , a Rastafarian proctologist .
14 . Oyster ( n. ) , a person who sprinkles his conversation with Yiddishisms .
15 . Frisbeetarianism ( n. ) , ( back by popular demand ) :
The belief that , when you die , your Soul flies up onto the roof and gets stuck there .
16 . Circumvent ( n. ) , an opening in the front of boxer shorts worn by Jewish men .
The Washington Post 's Style Invitational also asked readers to take any word from the dictionary , alter it by adding , subtracting , or changing one letter , and supply a new definition .
Here are this year 's winners :
1. Bozone ( n. ) :
The substance surrounding a stupid person that stops bright ideas from penetrating .
The bozone layer , unfortunately , shows little sign of breaking down in the near future .
2. Foreploy ( v ) : Any misrepresentation about yourself for the purpose of getting laid .
3. Cashtration ( n. ) :
The act of buying a house , which renders the subject financially impotent for an indefinite period .
4. Giraffiti ( n ) : Vandalism spray - painted very , very high .
5. Sarchasm ( n ) :
The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who does n't get it .
6. Inoculatte ( v ) :
To take coffee intravenously when you are running late .
7. Hipatitis ( n ) : Terminal coolness .
8. Osteopornosis ( n ) : A degenerate disease .
( This one got extra credit . )
9. Karmageddon ( n ) : its like , when everybody is sending off all these really bad vibes , right ?
And then , like , the Earth explodes and it's like , a serious bummer .
10 Decafalon ( n. ) :
The gruelling event of getting through the day consuming only things that are good for you .
11 . Glibido ( v ) : All talk and no action .
12 . Dopeler effect ( n ) :
The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly .
13 . Arachnoleptic fit ( n. ) :
The frantic dance performed just after you 've accidentally walked through a spider web .
14 . Beelzebug ( n. ) : Satan in the form of a mosquito that gets into your bedroom at three in the morning and cannot be cast out .
15 . Caterpallor ( n. ) :
The color you turn after finding half a grub in the fruit you 're eating .
And the pick of the literature :
16 .Ignoranus ( n ) : A person who 's both stupid and an assh
All of the sudden we 're starting to see more and more attacks take advantage of what 's stored on your computer 's RAM -- the latest , from New Zealand 's Adam Boileau , allows an attacker to unlock Windows passwords in a just a few seconds using a Linux machine connected over Firewire .
Unlike those disk encryption attacks we saw that required a reboot , Boileu 's attack works while the target computer is running , tricking Windows into allowing full write access to RAM and then corrupting the password protection code .
That 's a little scary -- but other researchers say that it's not a traditional vulnerability , since direct memory access is a feature of Firewire .
Still , we 're sealing up all of our ports with Silly Putty starting today , that ought to stop 'em .
Update : Apparently this has been demonstrated on OS X as well -- it looks like Firewire 's direct memory access is the common vector here .
[ Thanks , Drew ]
Ask us your RELATIONSHIP QUESTION and get a
response from Mr. Know and Ms. Mystery ...
Submit your question as a comment below , or e-mail us :
Question :
My girl did the dirt with my cousin .
I only found out today my heart is broken .
What do I do ?
I 'm falling apart .
Answers :
Ms. Mystery : Your girl did the dirt with your cousin !?
That absolutely sucks .
Of course it hurts .
Of course she 's not worthy of a single tear from you , and not worthy of your thoughts .
And she was never even worthy of being your girlfriend .
Telling you all this does n't help ease your pain right now .
It still hurts like hell !
And that she did this with your cousin ?
What the heck was he thinking doing that to you ?
Unfortunately you can't pick your family .
Your broken heart feels very real .
I know , I 've had my share of them myself .
And unfortunately it happens to EVERYBODY .
Look around , everyone has had a broken heart or two or several .
Thousands of songs have been written by broken hearts .
Listen to the radio and you 'll hear song after song about broken hearts .
I have found that it takes 50 % of the time you were together to completely get over that person .
Unless you keep letting them string you along - do n't let that happen because then it might take even longer .
I promise that after the pain has eased and you can see clearly , you will wonder why the hell you ever dated her in the first place .
You will feel nothing for her .
You will find another , wonderful girl , who wo n't do this to you .
Please do n't be the guy who never trusts any other girls after this one " rotten apple . "
I know of a guy who caught his girl cheating with his best friend in high school .
He 's in his late 40s and still wo n't open himself up to women .
He has never been married or even had a long - term girlfriend .
Do n't let this cheating , lying girl ruin you for future relationships !
Do n't give her that power over you .
I know of another guy who caught his WIFE cheating with his BROTHER !
He got divorced , then his ex-wife married his brother !
His broken heart healed and now he realizes that he 's actually very lucky and his brother 's now stuck with this girl .
I promise you are lucky to find out what she is like now instead of later .
Time does heal all wounds .
Mr. Know :
There 's no need for you to fall apart .
Drop her like a hot potato and do n't look back .
This girl is bad news .
And please , do n't try to think of million reasons why you should stay together .
FCC asks about ' 60 Minutes ' blackout in Alabama
The Federal Communications Commission is investigating why an Alabama television station went dark during a Feb. 24 broadcast of a " 60 Minutes " installment .
The blackout occurred on WHNT - TV in Huntsville , Ala. , during a segment on imprisoned former Gov. Don Siegelman that suggested he was the victim of a Republican conspiracy .
The station blamed the outage on equipment failure .
Republican FCC Chairman Kevin Martin said Tuesday that the agency had received " some 20 - odd complaints " regarding the broadcast and has asked its staff to send a letter asking for an explanation of the incident .
A " letter of inquiry " is routine when reviewing complaints against a station and is the first step in an investigation of a broadcast licensee .
WHNT general manager Stan Pylant has said the problem was caused by a malfunctioning receiver .
The station aired the tail end of the roughly 13 - minute segment once the signal was restored , and it showed the story again in its entirety during a newscast later that day and again the following day .
Siegelman , a Democrat who was Alabama governor from 1999 to 2003 , was convicted of bribery and obstruction of justice charges in 2006 .
Federal prosecutors had accused Siegelman of naming HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy to a hospital regulatory board in exchange for $ 500,000 in donations to Siegelman 's 1999 campaign for a state lottery .
The " 60 Minutes " story suggested Republican politics was behind Siegelman 's prosecution and imprisonment , a claim prosecutors deny .
Democratic FCC commissioner Michael Copps on Monday said he had asked the chairman to send a letter of inquiry to the station .
The FCC could consider the results of the investigation when it renews the station 's license , but Martin warned against jumping to conclusions .
" I do n't think is fair to speculate about what might or might not have occurred , " he said .
" We do have some complaints but we 've also asked the broadcaster to respond to this . "
( with wire reports )
#
RAW STORY 's Larisa Alexandrova has reported extensively on the Siegelman case .
Her earlier stories can be found at the links below :
How a coterie of Republican heavyweights sent a governor to jail
Daughter of jailed governor sees White House hand in her father 's fall
Running elections from the White House
Alabama station drops broadcast of 60 Minutes expose on political prosecution scandal
In exclusive interview , Alabama whistleblower says Rove trying to smear her
Man - in - the - Middle Attack by Tor Exit Node
Interesting .
So often man - in - the - middle attacks are theoretical ; it ’s fascinating to see one in the wild .
( I ’ve written about anonymity and the Tor network before . )
EDITED TO ADD ( 12/6 ) :
The guy claims that he just misconfigured his Tor node .
I do n’t know enough about Tor to have any comment about this .
Posted on December 6 , 2007 at 1:25 PM • 27 Comments
「 先人の結果を真似るのではなく、先人が結果に至った道筋を学べ」という考えは、オペレーティングシステムにも当てはまると思います。
Linux , OpenBSD , NetBSD , これらのシステム上で稼働す る
Apache サーバーは、外部から観察する限りにおいて、その挙動に大きな違いはありませんが、内部は全くことなる実装に基づいています。とにかく動けば良いという実装もあれば、二重三重の異常対策がシステム側に用意された環境もありますし、あらゆるアーキテクチャに対してビルドが可能なシステムもあります。
カーネルやライブラリが POSIX 仕様を満たし、正常動作することは「結果 」
の一側面に過ぎず、オペレーティングシステムにおいては、いかに安定かつ安全に稼働させるか、いかに合目的的なソースツリーを構築するかが、より重要な評価項目になると思います。
「結果に至る道のり」の選び方については、オペレーティングシステムの間で大きな見識の違いが存在します。例えば、OpenBSD
ではセキュリティの確保とシステムの堅牢性を重要視していますし、NetBSD ではマルチアーキテクチャに柔軟に対応できる系統だったソースツリー管理とビルドシステムに重点が置かれています。
Linux はどうでしょうか？個人的な見解ではありますが、残念ながら
Linux には 「求めしところ」が希薄、あるいは存在しないような気がします。
OpenBSD と NetBSD の求めしところ
参考までに 、OpenBSD , NetBSD の求めしところについて見てみましょう。OpenBSD では、トップページの先頭に
Only two remote holes in the default install , in more than 10 years !
と赤字で記されており、この一文を読んだだけでセキュリティの実現とその維持に並々ならぬ努力が注がれていることが分かります。また、OpenBSD の目的については続く文章中で
" Our efforts emphasize portability , standardization , correctness , proactive security and integrated cryptography . " と簡潔に記されています。
一方の NetBSD では、こちらもトップページの先頭で
NetBSD is a free , secure , and highly portable Unix - like Open Source operating system available for many platforms , from large - scale server systems to powerful desktop systems to handheld and embedded devices .
Its clean design and advanced features make it excellent in both production and research environments , and the source code is freely available under a business - friendly license .
と手短にまとめられています。一見すると大きな特徴がないようですが、" highly portable " と " under a business - friendly license " の２点が重要ポイントです。NetBSD
の移植性の高さは数あるオペレーティングシステムの中でも群を抜いており、特にクロス開発のために編み出されたビルドシステム build.sh 環境は、唖然とするしかないほどの見事さ。ターゲットを選ばない
NetBSD の懐の広さは 、from large - scale server to embedded devices という言葉にも象徴されている通りであり、著作権表示のみで利用できソース公開の縛りがない
BSD ライセンスと相まって、産業機器への組み込みに最も適したオペレーティングシステムと言えます。
NetBSD と OpenBSD に共通する点は、いずれも自身の「求めしところ」を簡潔に明記していることであり、その背景には開発コミュニティに綿々と引き継がれてきた、強い目的意識を感じとることができます。
ちなみに、学術論文では最初に Abstract が配置されますが、短い文章中に論文のエッセンスをまとめることは大変難しい作業ですし、経験が浅い若い人達にはその重要性が理解できません。日本の学校では、「長い文章を書くよりは、簡潔で無駄のない文章を書くことの方が遙かに難しい」と先生が教えてくれないのですから、仕方ないのかもしれません。対して、Abstract の重要性を十二分に理解している NetBSD , OpenBSD の面々は、さすがです 。
Linux の求めしところは ？
これに対して 、Linux はどうでしょうか。そもそも 、Linux の公式サイトを定義することが難しいのですが、これは
Linus Torvalds 氏を始めとする開発者集団が、基本的にカーネル開発のみに従事しており、ライブラリ・システムツール・アプリケーションなどを含めたルートファイルシステムの構築は様々なディストリビュータが個別に開発していることが原因です。
このため 、Ubuntu ユーザにとって は www.ubuntu.com が公式サイトになるでしょうし、Fedora ユーザーの場合は fedoraproject.org が公式サイトと映るでしょう。ご本尊である
Linux カーネル は
The Linux Kernel Archives で提供されていますが、その名前が示す通り、基本的にこのサイトは単なるカーネルソース・アーカイヴに過ぎません。実際、以前は
FTP の入り口におまけ程度のトップページが据えられただけの、大変質素な出で立ちでした。
現在用意されてい る " What is Linux ? " の説明を見ると 、
Linux is a clone of the operating system Unix , written from scratch by Linus Torvalds with assistance from a loosely - knit team of hackers across the Net .
It aims towards POSIX and Single UNIX Specification compliance .
スクラッチで POSIX と Single UNIX Specification に準拠し た Unix クローンを開発した旨が書かれていますが、続く説明も教科書的な機能が羅列されているだけで、目新しさはありません。ハッカー達が、興味本意で
POSIX 互換カーネルを作っただけなのか、それとも目指すところは別にあるのか。このあたりが全く説明されていません。
さらに 、More information の参照先は、信じられないほど貧弱なリンク集(? ) ですし、引用されている
The Linux Installation HOWTO に至っては、最終更 新 2002年7月の代物。向学心に燃えた
Linux 初心者がこのサイトを訪ねたとすれば、間違いなく進むべき道を見失い挫折することでしょう。
この点、NetBSD のユーザに対する配慮には素晴らしいものがあり、Linux のように来訪者をとまどわせることはありません。次回は、NetBSD ドキュメント環境の優れている点について、具体的にご紹介しましょう。
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
THE CONSPIRACY :
THE CONSPIRACY THEORISTS :
There ’s speculation that rival political operatives have revived the list .
It ’s also received a nod from conservative commentators such as Sean Hannity and Ann Coulter , who quipped , “ If you attack the Clintons publicly , make sure all your friends know that you are not planning suicide . ”
MEANWHILE , BACK ON EARTH :
As we went to press , Coulter had not yet offed herself .
Kookiness Rating : ( 1 = maybe they ’re on to something , 5 = break out the tinfoil hat ! )
Steve Jobs is using Apple Software Update to slip his Safari browser onto Windows machines .
And Mozilla CEO John Lilly is peeved .
Presumably , Lilly is peeved because Safari browsers on Windows machines would eat into the market share of Mozilla 's very own Firefox browser .
But Lilly says he 's peeved for different reasons .
He says he 's peeved because Steve Jobs ' little Software Update trick undermines the security of the entire internet .
" What Apple is doing now with their Apple Software Update on Windows is wrong , " Lilly writes on his personal blog .
" It undermines the trust relationship great companies have with their customers , and that ’s bad - not just for Apple , but for the security of the whole Web . "
Steve Jobs and company unveiled Safari 3.1 on Tuesday , and to celebrate , they began offering the new browser to Windows users via Apple Software Update - that clever little tool that alerts you to new Apple software with a nothing - less - than - conspicuous pop - up window .
On Windows machines , Apple Software Update is automatically installed alongside iTunes and Quicktime .
So you can bet that Safari has been offered to many millions of folks over the past week .
" Safari for Windows is the fastest and easiest - to - use web browser for the PC , " reads the pop -up window that pops up on Windows PCs .
" It displays web pages faster than any other browser and is filled with innovative features - all delivered in an efficient and elegant user interface . "
This should come as no surprise .
When Steve Jobs debuted Safari for Windows back in June , ZDNet 's Mary Jo Foley points out , he said quite plainly that he would piggyback the browser on iTunes .
" We know how to reach these ( Windows ) customers , ” Jobs said .
But John Lilly is still peeved .
He points out that when Apple Software Update offers you Safari , it does more than just offer .
" The problem here is that it lists Safari for getting an update - and has the ' Install ' box checked by default - even if you have n’t ever installed Safari on your PC . "
And he insists that this sort of behavior could destroy security as we know it .
" By and large , all software makers are trying to get users to trust us on updates , and so the likely behavior here is for users to just click ' Install 2 items , ' which means that they ’ve now installed a completely new piece of software , quite possibly completely unintentionally .
Apple has made it incredibly easy — the default , even — for users to install ride along software that they did n’t ask for , and maybe did n’t want .
This is wrong , and borders on malware distribution practices .
" It ’s wrong because it undermines the trust that we ’re all trying to build with users .
Because it means that an update is n’t just an update , but is maybe something more .
Because it ultimately undermines the safety of users on the web by eroding that relationship .
It ’s a bad practice and should stop . "
Of course , it could also undermine FireFox 's market share .
And if it does , ZDNet 's Larry Dignan argues , the millions that Google dumps onto Mozilla may get dumped onto Apple instead .
Like Mozilla , Apple has agreed to make Google its browser 's default search engine .
But in a follow - up blog post , Lilly says none of this is on his mind .
" Lest anyone be at all confused about my motives in writing my recent post about Apple Software Update , I ’ll say this unequivocally : it is n’t about competition .
[ I wrote what I meant in my post - there ’s no subtext at all - it ’s all on the page , so I wo n’t rehash it here . ]
" To the contrary : competition is good - necessary , actually .
Competition - or , more the point , the ability of people to choose what tools and services they use - is essential , and without it nothing gets better . " ®
CHEYENNE , Wyoming ( CNN ) --
After losing Democratic contests in the delegate - rich states of Ohio and Texas this week , presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama won the Wyoming Democratic caucus Saturday .
Sen. Barack Obama poses with University of Wyoming mascot Pistol Pete in Laramie on Friday .
Obama led rival Sen. Hillary Clinton by 61 percent to 38 percent , with all of the precincts reporting .
The caucus thrust the state , which has only 12 delegates , into the spotlight because the close race between Obama and Clinton means that every delegate counts .
Although Wyoming typically is not a stop for Democrats looking for delegates to clinch the party 's presidential nomination , its numbers could make a difference this year because of the delegate deadlock .
With slightly more than 600 delegates left at stake , every remaining contest is crucial to both candidates .
The two are separated by fewer than 100 delegates , CNN estimates , with Obama leading Clinton 1,527 to 1,428 .
See where the Democratic race stands »
CNN estimates that Obama will win at least seven delegates and Clinton will win at least four , with one delegate still outstanding .
Five of Wyoming 's 12 delegates will be allocated at the state convention , which will be held Memorial Day in Jackson , but the allocation will be based on caucus results .
" We are thrilled with this near split in delegates and are grateful to the people of Wyoming for their support , " Clinton 's campaign manager , Maggie Williams , said in a statement .
" Although the Obama campaign predicted victory in Wyoming weeks ago , we worked hard to present Sen. Clinton 's vision to the caucus - goers , and we thank them for turning out today . "
On Friday , both senators were in Wyoming to lure last - minute votes .
Clinton held town hall meetings in Cheyenne and Casper , and also dispatched former President Clinton to help drum up support .
Obama spoke at a town hall meeting in Casper , using the opportunity to criticize Clinton 's 2002 vote on the war in Iraq .
" I will bring this war to an end in 2009 , so do n't be confused ... when Senator Clinton is not willing to acknowledge that she voted for war , " he said .
" I do n't want to play politics on this issue , because she does n't have standing to question my position on this issue . "
The state 's Democratic governor , Dave Freudenthal , said he has endorsed neither candidate because , in his view , they have mostly neglected " Western issues " like the environment , water and energy .
However , he said he was lobbied hard by both campaigns in the weeks leading up to the caucus .
Former Gov. Mike Sullivan backed Clinton some time ago .
State Democratic Party chief John Millin has endorsed Obama .
" Seriously , I never imagined when I took this job that we would see the day when the two front - runners for the Democratic presidential nomination would hold events in Wyoming on the eve of our county caucuses , " state Democratic Party spokesman Bill Luckett wrote on the state party 's
Web site this week .
" I think there 's a reasonable chance we 'll get our 15 minutes in the national spotlight when the deal goes down on Saturday . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Hillary Clinton
Whatdya mean , I just said it ?
That does n’t count !
Hello ?
Hello ?
Episode : Bart vs. Lisa vs. 3rd Grade ( 2002 )
Category : Syllabification
The Simpsons have gotten a satellite TV .
Bart has been watching for several days straight .
After a commercial break …
Growly Voiceover :
We now return to [ ˈɹowbow ˈtɹʌmbəl ] !
Oh , I 'm sorry , I mean , [ ˈɹowbɔtʰ ˈɹʌmbəl ] !
( Screen reads , " Robot Rumble " )
Episode : The Italian Bob ( 2005 )
Category : Borrowing , nativization
The Simpsons have inadvertently ruined Sideshow Bob 's new life in Italy :
Sideshow Bob ( enraged ) : Simpson family !
I hereby swear a [ venˈdetta ] !
Marge ( flipping through English / Italian dictionary ) : [ venˈdetta ] means … ( alarmed ) [ vɛnˈdɛɾə ] !
Episode : Dude , Where 's My Ranch ? ( 2003 )
Category : Acquiring a second dialect
Marge : Shucks , Lisa , you sure have taken a shine to that cowpoke !
( winks )
Lisa : Mom , why are you talking like that ?
Marge :
Do n't rightly know !
I just soaked up the lingo like a biscuit in a bucket full of gopher gravy !
I 'll stop now .
Category : Wh - in - situ echo question , sub - word level .
Lisa :
Well , I like it here too .
Luke has showed me the gentle side of the Old West .
He 's really sophisticated for a thirteen year old .
Marge : Thir - what year old ?!
Category : Proper noun as common noun
Ned Flanders and Rev. Lovejoy have forced the teaching of creationism as an alternative to evolution at Springfield Elementary .
Lisa 's getting all the answers wrong ( the correct answer is now " God did it ! " ) :
Ralph : Are oceans God 's tears ?
Principal Skinner ( looking at Lovejoy and Flanders ) : … They sure are !
A+!
Lisa ( rolls her eyes ) : Ugh !
Ralph : Now Lisa 's the ralph !
Category : Recursive possesives
Barney ( speaking up after Lisa 's impassioned speech at the trial ) : Homer 's son's sister is right !
Episode : Thank God It 's Doomsday ( 2005 )
Category : Clipping
Skinner has taken the Springfiend Elementary Phototography Club to the mall for a field shoot .
He addresses the group :
Skinner : Children , the mall will provide you a wide range a subjects , while I return some sock that appeared to be black but were in reality a very dark blue .
The best photographs , or " pho-tos " [ he fingerquotes agressively ] will be prominently displayed in the school lobby all year long !
Category : Retronym , collocation
Marge comes into the kitchen to find Homer up to his ears in " Rapture for Dummies " , with ten other books on the table around him .
Marge : Homie , you did n't touch your second dinenr tonight !
And , you 're reading books !
Word books !
What 's going on !
Homer : Marge , the Rapture is nigh .
These books will help me figure out how nigh .
Episode : Smart and Smarter ( 2004 )
Category : Compositionality in compounds , metalinguistic comment
Lisa 's trying out a new ' comedian ' image at school , and is delivering a few stand - up type jokes in the cafeteria .
Lisa :
Hey , why do they call them fieldtrips !
We never go to a field !
Skinner ( in passing ) : Untrue !
Last thursday we went to a battlefield .
Lisa : Um , er …
Ralph : I 'm bembarrassed for you !
Nelson :
The following ' haha ' is not from amusement but is an expression of contempt .
Ha ha !
Category : Hooked on phonics
Maggie 's school for the gifted has sent home Phonic Frog to help her learn to read .
It 's a plastic frog with a keyboard on its belly and a microphone ; it articulates letters ( mostly as onset + schwa ) when the keyboard is pressed .
Homer presses buttons on frog .
Phonic Frog : ah , buh , cuh .
Huh o muh eh er .
Homer :
That 's me !
Huh o muh eh er !
Episode : The Seven - Beer Snitch ( 2007 )
Category : Derivational morphology
The Simpsons and the slack - jawed - yokels are visiting Shelbyville and attending a performance of " Song of Shelbyville , " in which a character called Springfield Billy , dressed in a barrel , acts like an idiot for the amusement of Shelbyvillians .
Brandine :
It 's like lookin ' in a mirror !
Cletus :
What 's a mir-ror ?
Brandine :
It 's a big - city word for reversifyin ' glass .
Category : DP as common noun , unique reference and demonstratives
Homer 's been imprisoned for can -kicking in the Frank - Gehry designed Springfield Prison .
He 's turned informer .
Lenny and Carl are prison guards .
They deliver a large rectangular box to his cell :
Lenny :
Here ya go !
42 - inch plasma TV , as a thank - you from your … .
[ He notices the other prisoners looking at them all suspiciously and hesitates ]
Carl : From your mother !
Homer : Ohhhh , THAT my mother !
Category : Synonyms , slang , metalinguistic comment
Fat Tony : Gentlemen , we must determine which of our fellow inmates has become the rodentus incarcererium .
Gangster # 1 : You heard the boss !
Find the rat !
Gangster # 2 : I found the rat , and he 's right here !
[ Points to gangster # 3 ]
Gangster # 3 : I ai n't the rat , I 'm the pigeon !
Gangster # 4 : I thought you was the mole !
Gangster # 2 : No , you 're thinkin ' of that guy who was the canary , but we can all agree , we work in a business with a very rich lexicon !
All the gangsters nod , mutter in agreement : " Rich lexicon " " Very rich ! " " Oh yes . "
Episode : Marge Gamer ( 2007 )
Category : Conversion , inferring meanings
Marge , experiencing the Internet for the first type , has the idea of typing her own name into Google .
Marge :
Six hundred twenty nine thousand results !
Wow !
And all this time I thought " googling yourself " meant the other thing !
Category : Faux- archaisms
Marge has created an avatar in " Earthland Realms " , and is getting her first instructions from the help wizard :
Wizard : Greetings , cleric !
Will you undertake a quest on my behalf ?
Cleric Marge : Mrmm , maybe I better run this by my husband first .
Wizard :
Things are more fun if you just answer ' yes ' .
Cleric Marge :
Then yes !
Hither me forth on mine arduous quest !
Wizard : Once again , just ' yes ' .
Category : Compounding and lexicalization , and a side dish of slack - jawed yokel dialect features ( nonstandard subject - verb agreement , what introducing object relative clause , plus the usual collection of phonological characteristics )
Homer is refereeing Lisa 's little league soccer games , unfairly .
Lisa 's moaning and rolling on the ground after having been passed by an offensive player headed for goal .
Homer ( whistle ) : Foul on the other girl !
Lisa gets a penalty kick and every other kid has to pay her a dollar .
Brandine ( standing up in bleachers ) :
That is an outrage !
Your daughter 's been flopping all day !
Homer :
She has not !
Your daughter 's a dirty player .
Cletus ( also standing ) : Sir , I have sired a dumdum , a mushhead , a whatsit , a dogboy , and something with a human face and fish body what we calls Kevin .
But my younguns is not dirty players !
Homer : I do n't need a soccer lecture from a hillbilly !
Cletus :
That 's hill - William to you , sir !
Category : Tag questions ( and British place names ) :
To make Lisa feel better about throwing her out of a game , Homer has bought Lisa a DVD documentary from the BBC ( " in cooperation with [ kænæl plus ] " ) .
Voiceover : Brighton , England .
Nineteen eighty - five .
Manchester United plays Sussextonhamptonshire - on - Leith , when a deadly riot breaks out in the stands .
Football fan # 1 : Oi !
Your boy 's a flopper , 'e is !
Fan # 2 : No 'e is n't , 'e is n't !
Novel derivational morphology
Homer builds a rollercoaster and names it the " Zoominator " .
Episode : You Kent Always Say What you Want ( 2007 )
The whole episode is about Kent Brockman uttering a taboo word on the air , losing his reputation and job .
It 's ALL a meta-linguistic comment on taboo in the media .
Category : Taboo words
Grandpa : I can't believe Kent Brockman got away with it !
Back in my day , TV stars could n't say ' booby ' , ' tushy ' , ' burp ' , ' fannyburp ' , ' water closet ' , ' underpants ' , ' dingle dangle ' , ' Boston marriage ' , ' LBJ ' , ' Titicaca ' , ' hot dog ' or ' front lumps ' .
Category : Derivational morphology , euphemisms
Homer is surprised to find Kent Brockman on the Simpsons ' couch .
Marge : I invited him to stay with us for a few days .
His career was ruined , and I was afraid he might commit you - know - what - icide !
Category : Back - formed compound verbs , headedness
The usual suspects are gathered at Republican Party Headquarters , watching Kent 's streaming truth - telling webcast ( from Lisa 's webcam )
Burns :
Look at that rabble - rouser !
He 's threatening our ill - gotten gains !
Rich Texan : Goldarnit !
I worked hard to ill - get those gains !
Category : Degree phrases , lexical integrity :
Kent has been webcasting from the Simpson 's basement since losing his job , and has reached a wide audience .
Lisa : Mr. Brockman !
You 're a huge hit !
Kent : Really !
How wide is the web ?
Lisa : World .
Episode : 24 Minutes ( 2007 )
Category : Derivational morphology , bound roots , cran-morphs
Lisa ( as 24's Chloe , monitoring a surveilance camera ) : I 've got something !
The sixth grade security camera shows three empty desks !
Skinner : Enhance !
( Lisa types furiously , camera zooms in on desks to reveal ' Skinner Stinks ' carved on the center desk . )
Skinner : Dehance !
Dehance !
Category : Compound nouns , pronoun as common noun , homophony
Bart has used ketchup and Grey Poupon mustard to paint a portrait of Skinner on the cafeteria wall ( word balloon : " Put me on your wiener " ) .
Skinner enters while the room is still cracking up :
Skinner : Simpson !
I 'll teach you to make a Poupon me !
Category : Contrast , one - replacement , establishing reference sets :
The three bullies ( Kearny , Dolph and Jimbo ) are plotting to do something terroristic with a deceased yogurt .
Milhouse , an undercover agent for the Counter Truancy Unit , is lurking outside the Kwik - E - Mart , surveilling them from behind a newspaper .
Homer strolls by .
Homer : Hey Millhouse !
Who ya spyin ' on ?
Those bullies ?
Kearny :
What about the fat guy ?
Homer :
Hey , lay off !
You 're the fat one of you guys !
Category : Zero-derivation , category change
Skinner : Okay , you have a deal , you conniving little [ whispers in Bart 's ear ] .
Bart ( eyes go wide ) : Wow !
That 's a swear ?
Skinner : Used as a noun , it is .
Episode : Stop or My Dog Will Shoot ! ( 2007 )
Category : Slang , register
Santa 's Little Helper has successfully detected some stashed cocaine ( he sniffed out a suitcase with a bust of Beethoven in it that had a locker key embedded in it ; SLH opened the suitcase , broke the statue , and opened the locker .
It was full of cocaine ) .
Lou :
Shall I get this blow back to the cage , chief ?
Chief Wiggum : Whoa , whoa , whoa .
" Blow " ?
" Cage " ?
You 're in uniform , Lou !
Do n't slang it up !
Category : Slang
Lou and Santa 's Little Helper are staking out the park , where drug deals go down .
Snake is meeting with the bullies .
Jimbo ( shiftily ) : Soo , ah , you got any steroids ?
Snake :
You know it .
I can make you huge !
( Shows bag full of pills )
Jimbo ( enthusiastically ) : I wanna pump my guns !
Kearny : I wanna rip my pecs !
Dolf : I wanna shriv my nards !
Lou ( leaping out from behind bush ) : Nards !
That 's what we needed to hear !
Episode : On a Clear Day I Ca n't See My Sister ( 2005 )
Category : Type vs token , underspecified nouns
Marge and Homer visit Sprawl - mart :
Homer : Oh , I just love it here !
So many things , and so many things of each thing !
Category : Neologisms , bound roots
The students have all met at the school at 3 am for a field trip to Springfield Glacier .
Skinner is massing them for exodus .
Nelson : Check out my t- shirt !
It 's wicked relevant -- it 's part of my ' Things Suck ' line of clothing !
( opens vest to reveal t- shirt with ' Glaciers suck ! on it ) .
Skinner :
While I disagree with your t- shirt 's assertion , I do encourage anything that raises glacier awareness .
Busward to adventure !
Category : Speech errors ( phonologically motivated nucleus substitution ) , senility
( They go in the front door )
Grampa ( in Sprawl - mart vest ) : Welcome to Sprawl - mart !
Can I get you a cart or basket ?
Marge : Grampa !
You 're a greet grater , I mean , tsk , a great greeter !
Now look who 's senile !
Episode : Please Homer , Don't Hammer ' Em ( 2006 )
Category : Back - formation .
Lisa finds
Bart bowling at school trophies in the hall ( left - handed ! )
Unbeknownst to her , he has learned of Skinner 's fatal weakness and fears nothing .
Lisa : Bart !
Skinner 's gonna be really mad at you !
Bart : Yes !
You might say he 'll… ( finger quotes ) " blow up " !
Mwahahaha
Lisa :
Whatever .
I 've got some paper to maché .
Category : Derivational suffix meanings
Skinner : I 'm supposed to stand in your store window and breast - feed Bilbo Baggins .
Comic Book Guy : Your cowering suggests that Bart has found your Kryptonite .
Skinner : Kryptonite ?
What 's that ?
The -ite suffix suggests a mineral .
Episode : Homerazzi ( 2007 )
Category : Rhetorical questions
Homer has nearly set the house on fire with his birthday cake candles .
The smoke alarm went off , and the fire department came .
A fireman returns Santa 's Little Helper to Simpsons sitting on curb :
Fireman :
You know how many fires are started by birthday candles ?
If you do , tell me .
It would settle a bet down at the station house .
I say five , Gus says a million .
Episode : Yokel Chords ( 2007 )
Category : count - mass conversion for foodstuffs ( the " Universal Grinder " )
Bart is telling a scary story about the " Dark Stanley Murders " .
Stanley was a cook at the school .
The kids made fun of him ( " Stanley , Stanley , no de-gree !
Two credits short at M.I.T.! " ) and he killed and cooked them into Kids Head Soup !
Stanley ( tasting soup ) : Needs more girl !
Category : Denominal verbs , derivational verbal morphology
Following
Bart 's scary story , the rumors are flying :
Nelson :
And just when you think he 's done , Dark Stanley takes your skin and makes footie pajamas !
Dolf : Nobody pajaminates my skin !
Category : Archaism
Two scenes later : Bart has terrified the kids into stampeding from the school in panic .
Milhouse ( stampeding ) : Murther !!
Category : Evasive speech ( ' phumphering ' )
Principal Skinner explains to Superintendent Chalmers that they can't provide education for the Yokel children for fear of lowered test scores and lost federal funding .
Lisa overhears .
Lisa ( flipping open notebook ) : Excuse me !
Lisa Simpson with the school paper .
Am I to understand you 're purposely denying education to these children ?
Principal Skinner and Superintendent Chalmers ( simultaneously and smoothly talking over each other ) : ( S ) That 's a totally , er , ..( C ) Well , I would n't , ah , ( S ) Ah , y 'know , ( C ) Y ' see the thing is , ( S ) A , ah , boon !
Chalmers ( pauses to complete a sentence ) : I warn you , young lady , we can phumpher all day !
PS and SC , smoothly continuing : ( C ) We um , you see Stop it , we have , um , ah ( S ) You 're um not grasping the , the , the …
Lisa :
You have n't heard the last of this !
Category : Back - formation
Lisa has taken the Spuckler ( Slack - jawed Yokel ) kids to downtown Springfield , where juggling mimes wheel by on unicycles .
Witney Spuckler ( eldest Yokel daughter ) :
These colorful bums is funny !
Lisa :
And guess what ?
Ben and Ken The Street - Magic Men are only the beginning !
The city is a treasure - trove of culture and multi-culture !
Category : Entailments of superlatives
Krusty :
You kids finished signing those 8x10s ?
Dubya Spuckler : I told five different dry -cleaners they 's the best .
Ain't that lyin ' , Mr. Krusty ?
Category : Right - node raising
Dubya Spuckler : Miz Lisa , we just want to thank you for introducing us to , then saving us from , the big wide world around us .
Lisa : ' Twer n't nothin ' .
( Group hug . )
Episode : The Fat and The Furriest ( 2003 )
Category : Puralization of titles / honorifics :
Homer , Bart and Lisa have run into Patty and Selma in Sprawl - Mart :
Lisa : Aunts Patty and Selma , can you help us pick out a Mother 's Day gift ?
Episode : " The Computer Wore Menace Shoes " ( 2000 )
Category : Scope of negation , presupposition
Homer , in his first excursion on the Internets , has reached the Springfield Police Department home page , where an animated Chief Wiggum talks to him :
Wiggum head :
If you 've committed a crime and you want to confess , click " yes " .
Otherwise , click " no " .
[ Homer clicks " no " ]
You have chosen " no " , meaning you 've committed a crime but do n't want to confess .
A paddywagon is now speeding to your home .
Category : German word order
Homer has been replaced with a lookalike by secret overlords who are holding the real Homer on an island .
The lookalike is German .
Bart :
There 's something really different about you , Dad !
German Homer : I am a new tie wearing .
Well , Google 's logo has shamrocks on it again , which means it 's time for my fourth annual Simpsons linguistic joke collection posting .
I can hardly believe it myself .
These guys just never run out !
Here 's links to the previous three years ' collections :
And here 's this year's !
Enjoy ! : HaplologyHomer has drunk Moe 's ' forget - me - not ' drink , and has 24 - hour amnesia .
He 's visiting the Memory Recovery Institute ( " We do not do MRIs " ) , where Professor Frink is welcoming him .
Professor Frink : Mr. Simpson , I have built a device that will enable you to explore your memories .
The science was easy , but now I 've got the hard part -- coming up with the name !
Homer : How about the " Dejà - ViewMaster " ?
Frink : Ahh … Homer : " Remembrance of Things Fast " ?
Frink : Umm.. Homer : " The Rememberererer " ?
Frink :
We do n't need to come up with the name now . : Pronouns as common nounsHomer 's riding in Frink 's ' Memory Bubble ' .
He looks down to see himself sledding with Bart and Lisa .
Homer : Awww -- I landed in a pleasant memory !
Look at happy me and playful them ! :
Bound roots , compounding , pronouns and proper nouns as common nounss .
Also ' teach you to P ' = " teach you to not P " Homer 's agreed to take Bart back to confront his own ten - year - old self in an evenly - matched playground fight … 10 - year - old Homer ( taking repeated blows from Bart ) :
You 're superior to me in every way !
39 - year - old Homer : D'oh !
Well let 's see how you do against 20 - year old Homer !
20 - year - old Homer ( taking repeated blows from Bart ) : Uh !
Oh !
D'oh !
What is it you want from me ?
Money ?
Weed ?
[ Collapses under a final blow ] .39 - year - old Homer : I 'll teach you to beat up yesterme !: Idiom chunks , degree phraseSideshow Bob 's psychiatic expert witness is giving evidence that SB was insane during his most recent attempt on the Simpsons ' lives : Psychiatrist : Robert was a peaceful boy , sickly and weak from a congenital heart defect .
[ He shows a picture of SB going to his prom in bed .
The jury goes " Awwww ! " ]
But then that Simpson boy started tormenting him , and he crossed over into dementia !
Sideshow Bob ( defending himself ) :
To what degree was this dementia blown ?
Psychiatrist : Full !
[ Jury gasps . ]:
Suppletive comparatives : Marge has been watching her TiVo , and has fallen asleep on the couch .
She dreams that the TV is talking to her …Talking head ( ominously ) : Marge Simpson !
Marge : Keith Oberman !?
Keith Oberman :
That 's right , content burglar Marge Simpson !
You 've been watching TV shows but skipping the commercials that pay for them !
That makes you the worst person in the world !
A video graphic of photos of the world 's worst people appears .
First the devil , labelled , ' worse ' , then Mr. Burns , labelled ' worser ' , and finally Marge , labelled ' worst ' .
:' Target state ' participles , compound verbs
In a terrible storm , Captain Flandish of the Mayflower falls and strikes his head against a bulkhead . ( Puritan ) Reverend Lovejoy : Our captain 's beheadbumped ! :
Identity construction through linguistic cuesLisa is explaining about how the passengers on the Neptune are a cross-section of society .
( Cf. Lisa :
And you 've got the elderly Jewish couple making their first trip to Israel … Jewish mother ( heavy emphasis on the non-English consonants and consonant clusters ) :
Our son Shlomo is working on a kibbutz in Haifa .
We 're schlepping him some kreplach !
Jewish father :
We 're Jewish all right ! : Recursivity in synthetic compoundsMarge and Homer are snooping around their neighbor 's open house .
They have an incredibly fancy kitchen with a sub- zero fridge and other amazing appliances .
Marge :
This is the kitchen I 've always wanted !
Oooh !
A bread - maker maker !
[ She presses a button and the machine opens up to eject a smaller version of itself , which opens to eject a fresh loaf of bread . ] :
Re-prefixation ( cf. Keyser and Roeper 1987 ) Kirk and LouAnn Van Houten , Milhouse 's parents , are getting remarried .
Reverend Lovejoy : Do you Kirk , take LouAnn to rehave and rehold ? :
Flapping resulting in homophony Bart 's lines : " There 's no such thing as an iPoddy . " :
Object pronoun cliticization and particle shiftHomer has eaten a glowing green blob from outer space .
It 's trying to crawl out his orifices , but he determinedly and repeatedly sucks it back in .
Homer :
If I can keep down Arby 's , I can keep down you ! : Recursion , parsing .
Dr. Phil has come to try and talk blob Homer out of his eating - people rampage .
Dr. Phil : Homer , you 're family 's here .
And you 've got to help me help them help you help me help you . : Literal interpretationHomer and Marge have made a play - doh girl golem for the lonely golem that Bart has stolen from Krusty .
Marge writes ' LIVE ' on a piece of paper and inserts it into her mouth .
She blinks and wakes up .
Girl golem ( in the incredibly nasal voice of Fran Dresher ) : Hello everybody , ãh hã hãã .
What 's with this outfit ?
It looks like a lion ate a parrot and then threw up ! hãã hã ãHomer : Well , back to the drawing board !
( Begins to attack her with an axe ) .
Golem : No !
What are you , nuts ?
She was made for me ! : BorrowingHomer chants as Marge takes some ramekins out of the oven .
Homer : Crème - bru-lée !!
Crème - bru-lée !!
Or in English , burnt …cream !
Burnt…cream !:
Speech acts ( threats and contracts ) , reduction , compound verbsBart , Lisa , Nelson and Milhouse are trick - or - treating at the Skinners .
Agnes opens the door .
BLNM ( in chorus ) : [ ˈtɹɪkɚˈtɹijt ]
Agnes : Beat it , weirdos !
I do n't do Halloween !
Milhouse : Y - you 're supposed to give us candy !
Agnes : I got your candy right here !
( She hocks up a loogie and spits it right into Milhouse 's candy basket , then slams the door , muttering . )
Weirdos .
Nelson ( outraged ) : She empty - bagged us !
Lisa :
What do we do now ?
Bart : Hear me out .
Seems to me she gave a choice .
Trick OR treat .
She did n't give us a treat , so … Milhouse : Bart .
Where are you heading with this ?
Bart : " [ ˈtɹɪkɚˈtɹijt ] " is n't just some phrase you chant mindlessly like the Lord 's Prayer !
It 's an oral contract !
Nelson :
You 're right .
We 've forgotten the old ways , the ways of rotten eggs and soaped - up windows .
I say we trick 'er !
Trick her good ! : phrasal compounding , the shortest English words .
The Simpsons are driving home from church : Homer : Oh , man , that church service was boring !
I did a whole book of Find - A - Words .
Lisa ( exasperated ) : Dad , all you circled were thes ands !
Homer ( defensively ) :
Those are words . : Idiom chunkHomer and Marge are eating in a fancy restaurant .
Homer : Happy anniversary , sweetie !
Marge :
You know it might be a little more romantic without your entourage .
Homer :
But I need my childhood friends to help me keep it real !
Would you have me keep it fake ? :
Pronouns and deixis , use / mentionBurns :
You saved my life !
There must be something I can do for you .
Homer ( thinking ) : A cookie !
No , a car !
No , a cookie !
Burns :
You 're getting a free dinner !
Homer : ( Gasps in pleasure ) Burns : With … Homer ( eagerly ) : Yes ?
Burns : Me! Homer ( disappointed ) : " Me " ?
But that 's you ! :
Vocatives , use / mention .
Also innuendo intonation , contextual domain restriction .
Flight Attendant : My name is Svetlana .
But you can call me , Hey baby !
Burns :
And , just so you know , she 'll dothing for you .
( Brightly )
Anything except sex !
( Innuendo voice )
And I do meanthing ... Homer : ( drooling noise ) .
I 'm aroused .
And confused ! :
Pluralizing phrasal compounds , headednessBart is in line for a free meal at the homeless shelter after running out on the Simpsons ' family Thanksgiving dinner .
Bart :
Hey , it 's that anchordude from Channel 6 !
Bum :
Oh yeah , he 's doing one of those " be thankful for whatcha got " stories .
Kent Brockman :
Oh , we have lots of names for these people .
Bums , deadbeats , losers , scums of the earth . :
Quoting out of context , use / mention
The publisher 's agent has called Tom Clancy to ask for a blurb for the back of Marge 's new novel , Tom Clancy ( speaking into phone ) : Would I say " If you 're hunting for a good read this October , Marge Simson 's book is a ' clear and present danger ' to your free time ? "
Hell no , I would n't !
『その数学が戦略を決める』著者イアン・エアーズらが手がける
StickK.com のベータテストがはじまった様子。ローレンス・レッシグらがはじめたクリエイティブコモンズが自分の作った著作物を他の人が再利用しやすいようにするサービスだとすると、StickK.com
は減量や禁煙・断酒など自分で決めた制約を守れるようなインセンティヴをデザインできるサービス。
ユーザはまず目標を設定して、その目標を達成できなかった場合のペナルティを決める。例えば「アイスクリームを食べるのは週に１度まで、ペナルティは１００ドル」と決めた場合、審判となる人を決めたうえで１００ドルを
StickK.com に一端預ける。もし本人もしくは審判が「目標を達成できなかった」（アイスクリームを２度以上食べてしまった）と報告したら、そのお金はあらかじめ決められた相手に送られてしまう。つまり、２度目のアイスクリームを食べる前に「このアイスクリームを今食べることに、１００ドルもの価値があるだろうか」と自問することになる。
もちろんこっそり食べて報告しないことだってできるわけだし、目標を達成しても賞金が貰えるわけではないので、わざわざそんな損な約束誰がするかと思うかもしれない。でもダイエットや禁煙・断酒はやろうと思ってもなかなか難しいことで、１００ドル賭けることで意志の弱さをカバーできる可能性はあるーーすなわち、望んでいた目標を達成できる見込みが少しは上がるーーと思われる。
お金の送り先としては、 「 チャリティ 」 「 アンチ・チャリティ 」 「友人（もしくは敵）」から選ぶことができる。「チャリティ」を選ぶと、アメリカ癌協会やユニセフなど誰もが認める慈善団体に寄附されるのだけれど、おもしろいのが「アンチ・チャリティ」だ。これを選ぶと、妊娠中絶や同性婚など人々の意見が大きく割れる問題の一方の立場を主張する政治団体、それも本人の意見とは反対の立場の団体にペナルティのお金が送られる。ユニセフに寄附されるならペナルティを取られても世の中の役にたっているのだからいいかなぁと思う人も、自分の政治的主張と正反対の立場を支援するくらいなら、なんとしても目標を達成しようという動機になるというわけ。支払い先に友人ではなく敵を指定できるのも同じ理由。
わたしがこのサービスをクリエイティブコモンズと比べているのは、どちらも法律の専門家が関わることによって、誰もが自分のやりたいことのために使えるような契約のひな形を提供しているから。クリエイティブコモンズのライセンスを使って公開された著作物を安心して再利用できるのは、それが法的拘束力を持つ（ライセンスの条件を守る限り、のちのち問題にならない）から。StickK.com
も、法的な拘束力を持つ契約書に署名することで、「気が変わったからやめた」みたいに逃げ出せないようになっている（医者が健康上の問題があると判断した場合だけ契約書の破棄ができる）。
エアーズのことだから、これで集まるデータをまたどんどん分析して、人はどれくらいのインセンティヴがあればさまざまな目標を達成できるのか調べるんだろうなぁ。将来の
StickK.com では、年齢や収入などの個人情報を入力したら、「これくらいのペナルティを設定すれば、この程度の成功確率が得られます」みたいに計算してくれるようになるとか。
ていうか、わたし的には妊娠中絶や同性愛者の権利を推進する団体にたくさん寄附が集まって欲しいから、宗教右派の人たちの中でも意志が弱そうな人たちを探して、このサービスを推薦するべきかな。
# 『その数学が〜』お勧めですよん。
# ビジネス書みたいな扱いをしてる人が多いけど、それは最初の方だけだからね。
Hot babes for your eyes and mind !
Every nerd remembers his first time .
I was 13 in 1984 and , for the first time , visiting the home of my friend Kevin .
We had gone to his house to after school to play Atari .
After a few rounds of Yar ’s Revenge , he invited me back to his room to see his stuff .
Kevin had built himself a shrine to fantasy , with Boris Vallejo prints on the walls , Conan the Barbarian comics on the shelves , and a giant plastic dragon perched on the monitor of his Apple II .
Where the rest of us had become disciples to George Lucas , Kevin pledged allegiance to Terry Brooks , Piers Anthony , Stephen R. Donaldson , and J.R.R. Tolkien .
Against one wall was a small table , upon which laid a number of cryptic documents , an assortment of irregularly shaped dice , and a screen that divided the area in two .
“ That ’s my D&D game , ” Kevin told me .
“ Wanna play ? ”
Of course , I ’d heard of Dungeons & Dragons before — this , I was lead to understand , was the pastime transmogrifying the nation ’s youth into a generation of Satan worshippers .
But a quick game could n’t hurt , I reasoned .
And , besides , the dice looked pretty cool .
We sat on either side of the table ; Kevin handed me a player sheet that was already complete , suggesting I simply adopt the character of the last person he had played against .
He then , and without preamble , announced that I was under attack by a green slime .
“ Roll this , ” he prompted , handing me a d20 .
After a few moments of melee the monster was dead , only to be replaced by another .
“ OK , ” Kevin said , paging though his dog-eared Fiend Folio , “ now you are fighting a hobgoblin . ”
The rest of my friends were deterred from playing by the bad press the game was receiving , or the perception that it was lame - o city .
With Kevin there was no narrative , just an endless queue of creatures for dispatching .
But even so , the possibilities of Dungeons & Dragons quickly became apparent to me .
At some point I suggested that , instead of simply reporting hits and misses , Kevin should give a blow - by - blow account of the battle .
“ You know , if I like hit him , you could say ‘ he staggers backwards ’ or something . ”
Kevin agreed .
And the next time I failed a combat roll , the umber hulk did n’t simply stand there as I flailed by sword ineffectually , he “ ducked beneath the blade . ”
At that moment , I was hooked .
* * *
For the next five years I was a huge Dungeons & Dragons fan , despite the fact that I only played the game a few more times .
Kevin turned out to be as petty as he was unimaginative when it came to Dungeon Mastering — often , when we were engaged in activities completely unrelated to D&D , he would vow to sic red dragons on my character in our next session unless he got the bigger donut , or we agreed to watch his preferred television show .
The rest of my friends were deterred from playing by the bad press the game was receiving , or the perception that it was lame - o city .
Still , I acquired and read the books , and many of the modules as well .
It was n’t the actual play of the game that excited me , but the design : the morass of interlocking mechanism , the balance between simulation and abstraction , and the layers and layers of exceptions and caveats that accompanied every rule .
Not to mention the panoply of tables and charts , specifying everything from the effects of disease to the exact subgenus of harlot you randomly encountered ( a roll of 11 - 25 gave you a “ Brazen strumpet , ” while 76 - 85 signified an “ Expensive doxy ” ) .
But while every book and supplement contained massive amounts of different information , the covers had something in common .
They all said “ Gary Gygax . ”
* * *
His very name was a microcosm of the system he invented : the exotic “ Gygax , ” calling to mind the pantheon of Lovecraftian gods and remote regions of Hyborea ; the mundane “ Gary , ” reminiscent of suburban kids all over the nation who were ignoring their algebra homework in favor of The Dungeon Master ’s Guide .
He took these two worlds and amalgamated them into a single entity every bit as improbable as a half - orc ranger .
He did n’t do it alone , of course .
The predecessor to D&D , Chainmail — a set of rules for miniature gaming in a medieval setting — was written in conjunction with Jeff Perren .
Shortly thereafter , a man by the name of Dave Arneson contacted Gygax to say he had been running a proto - role - playing campaign using the Chainmail rules in a fantasy setting .
Intrigued , Gygax met with Arneson at a convention , and soon thereafter the pair collaborated on what would become the first edition of D&D .
While it ’s unclear what , exactly , each man contributed to the completed project , Arneson is and always has been cited as the game ’s “ co-creator . ”
What happened thereafter was the subject of a lot of virtual Usenet ink .
According to some , Gygax ’s ego grew commensurate with the success of D&D , to the point where he began muscling Dave Arneson the man out of the picture and “ Dave Arneson ” the name off the cover of the books .
Other accounts have Gygax as the victim of some Machiavellian maneuvering on the part of the other owners of TSR Hobbies , Inc. , the publishers of Dungeons & Dragons .
At a work meeting , as I impulsively blurted “ Man , you could play a helluva D&D campaign with this module , ” the brotherhood of geekery was immediately revealed as several other men around the table chortled with gusto .
Regardless of who did what to whom , one thing is clear :
By 1984 , the time I first took notice of the game , Gygax and TSR — and , by extension , Dungeons & Dragons — had parted ways ( although all the key players would be tethered together by lawsuits for years to come ) .
By the time the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition was released in 1989 , Gygax was no longer listed as a primary author .
But , in my mind , Gary Gygax and Dungeons & Dragons have always been synonymous .
Even now , knowing the full story behind D&D and TSR , I still think of those tomes I read as a kid as having been authored by one preternaturally imaginative man , perhaps toiling by candlelight in a dank cavern far underground , documenting the fantastic world in which he lived .
Although I never became a player , exposure to Gygax ’s opus indisputably shaped the course of my life in large and small ways .
For instance , it gave me a lifelong appreciation for game design .
These days I am an avid board - gamer , and , when encountering a game with some exceptionally clever or elegant mechanism , I get the same thrill I felt when thumbing through the Player ’s Guide at age 15 and marveling at all the accoutrements I could carry as a thief .
And even to this day I will occasionally buy a role - playing book and just read it , cover - to - cover , as if plowing through the newest Grisham .
On my shelf sit the guides to Call of Cthulhu , Paranoia , GURPS , Over the Edge , and Spirit of the Century , none of which I ’ve played , but all of which I ’ve enjoyed .
Plus , knowledge of Dungeons & Dragons lore is as much a cultural touchstone for my age as Woodstock was for a generation prior .
At a work meeting recently , when someone brought up a Visio diagram crammed full of boxes connected by lines , and I impulsively blurted “ Man , you could play a helluva D&D campaign with this module , ” the brotherhood of geekery was immediately revealed as several other men around the table chortled with gusto .
When my wife and I attended a seminar on child rearing , shortly after our son was born , and we received handouts that showed possible discipline styles on a grid , with “ order ” as one axis and “ kindness ” as the other , I realized in an instant that someone had simply translated the D&D character alignment system into parental terms .
When you were raised in the World of Greyhawk , you see its influence everywhere .
* * *
Gary Gygax was my hero as a kid because he created the system I found so fascinating ; he is my hero as an adult because he never stopped gaming .
At the conclusion of this interview with GameSpy , when asked how he would like to be remembered after his death , Gary replied , “ As the guy who really enjoyed playing games and sharing his knowledge and his fun pastimes with everybody else . ”
And in many of the obituaries that appeared after his death on Tuesday , his wife is quoted as saying that the thing that brought him the most joy was hearing from fans who enjoyed his games , and knowing that he had contributed to their happiness .
Over the course of his life Gary was hailed a genius , lauded as a pioneer , denounced as an egomaniac , and slandered as a corrupter of children .
But through it all he stayed true to his ideals : having fun and helping others to do likewise .
The world needs a lot more of these people .
His passing leaves us with one less , but his legacy ensures that countless more will take his place .
Big Value Inn Hostel New York .
We are the newest and best value place to stay in NYC for budget minded travellers , our great value guesthouse in location right where you want to be in Manhattan only 3 blocks to Central Park , and to make sure your ...
The superdelegate race
With Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama virtually tied in delegates from early - primary states , the race for the Democratic presidential nomination now hinges on the party ’s nearly 800 superdelegates , the political insiders who are free to make up their own minds at the convention .
With so much riding on those votes , Politico is inaugurating a running tally of the announced endorsements of superdelegates , which we will update and maintain on the Web with the help of our reporters and readers .
Advertisement
Superdelegates represent about 20 percent of the Democrats ’ 4,049 delegate votes .
Both Clinton and Obama have assiduously courted them in recent months , hoping to clench enough to obtain the 2,025 votes needed to secure the nomination .
As of Monday , Clinton leads Obama 222 to 128 among superdelegates .
Our list is based on a record of 773 superdelegates provided to us earlier this month by the Democratic National Committee .
We divided these names into four categories : governors , members of Congress , distinguished party leaders and Democratic National Committee members or those related to the DNC , which we denoted simply as “ DNC . ”
The list has changed since we first compiled it .
For instance , Coloradan Joan Fitz - Gerald lost her superdelegate status when she was succeeded by Michigan ’s Mark Schauer as head of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee .
This substitution also altered the overall number of superdelegate votes , since the Democratic Party is denying Michigan votes at the convention .
In all , 50 superdelegates from Florida and Michigan currently have no vote at the convention .
We gave these people a “ vote weight ” of zero .
Other superdelegates have a vote weight of one , except for delegates representing Democrats Abroad , who are given half a vote under DNC rules .
There are eight superdelegates from Democrats Abroad , resulting in four votes .
Thus , we had 773 superdelegates , 723 voting superdelegates and 719 votes .
In addition to these 719 , there are another 76 “ add - on ” superdelegates determined by the state parties , resulting in a grand total of 795 .
Many of these add - on delegates have yet to be named ; we have omitted them from the list for now .
Our spreadsheet is divided into two sections : “ Data ” represents the list of 773 names and “ Totals ” is a tally of the endorsements of superdelegates .
In compiling the list , we relied heavily on the information and links provided by a blog , demconwatch .
blogspot.com , and on news accounts and press releases from the campaigns .
This list will grow and change as more superdelegates are named and as more announce their endorsements .
We invite our readers to apprise us of any additions , changes , mistakes or ambiguities in the tally .
Remember , unlike traditional pledged delegates , these superdelegates can change their mind at any time .
Their whims may well determine the next Democratic presidential nominee .
The Tories say their plans would help more people into work
Cameron on welfare
People claiming Jobseekers '
Allowance for more than two years would have to do 12 months community work .
Tory leader David Cameron said he wanted to help people into work and end the " something for nothing culture " .
PM Gordon Brown said the government was already getting tough with the long - term jobless and the Tory plans were out of date and would not work .
CONSERVATIVE PROPOSALS
Two year limit on jobseekers ' allowance Long - term jobless must do community work Back - to - work centres for persistent jobless Benefit cut for refusing three ' reasonable ' job offers
All incapacity benefit claimants reassessed
Reactions to the plans
How it works in the US Send your comments
Under the Conservative proposals , the two - year limit on job seekers ' allowance would apply to " continuous and cumulative periods of unemployment " .
The party says it wants to stop people claiming for years at a time , by signing off for short periods or taking a job for a short period , then going back on benefits .
The long - term unemployed would have to take part in a 12 - month programme involving " valuable improvement and amenity work in the areas where they live " .
The jobless would also have to spend most of the working week at " back to work centres " , run by independent groups , where they would receive training and guidance to help find a job .
All job seekers would be screened as soon as they start claiming - those with a " track record " of claiming benefits would be referred to the centres straight away .
Others would be given a " grace period " to find a job .
Where is the dignity in sitting at home , dependent on the state , not having a job ?
David Cameron
Conservative leader
Analysis :
The welfare battle Q&A : Tory scheme
The proposals are mainly aimed at the 68,000 on Jobseekers '
Allowance for more than two years and the 16,000 on the benefit for more than five years .
The Tories have also unveiled plans to cut the number of people on incapacity benefit by 200,000 .
All 2.64 million incapacity benefit claimants would be reassessed by doctors and , if passed fit for work , placed on Jobseekers '
Allowance , a benefit cut of £ 20 a week .
In addition , jobless people who refuses a " reasonable " offer of employment would lose one month 's benefit for the first job offer , three months for the second , and up to three years for the third in a " three strikes and you 're out " policy .
' Thought - through package '
Mr Cameron told BBC Breakfast : " We can not go on as we are with 2.6 million people on incapacity benefit , 500,000 of them are under 35 .
We are being tough in saying it is a duty on the unemployed in future not only to be available for work - and not to shirk work - but also to get the skills for work
Gordon Brown
Prime Minister
' What 's the point ? '
" Are we really saying there are half a million people in this country under 35 who are simply too ill to work ?
I do n't think that 's right .
" I think we have got to make changes and this is a genuinely thought - through and worked - out package which I think will help get more people into work and help them make better lives for themselves and their families . "
Asked if working for benefits , rather than the national minimum wage , would be an affront to people 's dignity , he said : " Where is the dignity in sitting at home , dependent on the state , not having a job ? "
He said the idea was to " get people back in touch with work " .
' Radical '
Asked if those forced to work for benefits would have to wear uniforms , as claimed in newspaper reports , Mr Cameron said it would be down to the companies running the schemes .
The government says the Tory sums do not add up and Mr Cameron would need to find an extra £ 3 bn to fund his plans .
Gordon Brown said Labour 's welfare - to - work policies were " far more modern , up to date and radical " than the Tory proposals , which he said did nothing to address the skills gap .
" We are being tough in saying it is a duty on the unemployed in future not only to be available for work - and not to shirk work - but also to get the skills for work .
That is a new duty we are introducing , " he told a Downing Street media conference .
He said the government was investing more in training and had secured agreements with firms to take on 300,000 long - term unemployed people .
' Real hardship '
Lib Dem work and pensions spokesman Danny Alexander said the Tory proposals were " hollow rhetoric designed to sound tough rather than helping people back to work " .
" The real issue is how to reduce poverty and raise aspirations by ensuring everyone has access to a fulfilling and sustainable job , not cosmetically lowering the benefit claimant numbers " , he added .
He said the welfare - to - work system should be simplified and " tailored " to individual needs .
Kate Green , of the Child Poverty Action Group , said British rules on claiming incapacity benefit were already among the strictest in the world , and levels of fraud were small compared with the amount that went unclaimed .
" We are talking about families in real hardship struggling to bring up their kids , " she said .
New maps , new graphics , new enemies , new powerups , new physics , new final boss .
It ’s inspired by Metroid and in fact , some tiles are imported directly from it .
It ’s practically a new game .
The trend on the Continent was the opposite .
Home prices in most European countries barely moved , mainly because markets were more regulated , there was more housing stock and renting was more popular .
Liz Bingham , head of restructuring at Ernst & Young in London , blames the obsession with homeownership on Britain ’s “ island mentality ” : land is seen as a finite good and a valuable asset .
“ The housing boom automatically made people feel richer than they actually were and people went on to use the equity locked up in their property almost as a bank account they can dip into every time they want to buy a new car , ” Ms. Bingham said .
As the perception of wealth grew , the social stigma around debt disappeared .
Borrowing became such an accepted part of life that today one in five teenagers does not consider being in debt to be a bad thing , a survey by Nationwide Building Society showed .
Debt levels increased further as it became easier to get loans , and retailers , like computer chain PC World , offered both goods and the loans to buy them .
Consumers happily accepted , thinking that as long as they were deemed creditworthy , they were not in danger of defaulting .
Andy Davie is a case in point .
Even after he had racked up £ 70,000 in personal debt trying to keep his fruit and vegetable business afloat , credit card issuers kept increasing his credit limits .
Image James Falla of Thomas Charles says consumers had a false sense of security .
Credit ... Luke Wolagiewicz for The New York Times
“ You tend to use credit to pay for credit and as far as the banks are concerned you are fine , ” said Mr. Davie , 41 .
WASHINGTON -- Alan Greenspan , the former Federal Reserve chairman , tops a long list of academics , executives and economists who met with the Fed 's current chairman , Ben Bernanke , during a turbulent period for the nation 's economy .
According to records obtained under a Freedom of Information Act request , Mr. Bernanke had lunch with Mr. Greenspan on Jan .
2 .
That was just eight days before Mr. Bernanke delivered a speech in Washington that signaled a newly aggressive approach to interest - rate cuts .
Neither the Fed nor Mr. Greenspan would elaborate on what was discussed .
A Fed spokeswoman described the lunch that day as " social " and Mr. Greenspan said it was " private . "
Last year , Mr. Bernanke 's second in office , was a stressful one for the economy and -- by extension -- the Fed chief .
Pressures from the housing slump and the subprime mortgage market spread to Wall Street , where big banks announced heavy mortgage - related losses .
Mr. Bernanke 's meetings offer a rare window into his private daybook from January 2007 through last month .
Mr. Bernanke met separately with the chief executive of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the government - sponsored mortgage giants , and at least twice with former Senate Banking Committee Chairman Phil Gramm , now the vice chairman at UBS Investment Bank .
On Sept. 5 , he met with Lloyd Blankfein , chairman and chief executive officer of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , whose company weathered the credit - market turmoil better than some competitors .
It 's been a bad week for TTC delays .
Last Monday , some paper caught fire on the track at York Mills station .
However , those improvements wo n't be in place until 2012 on the Yonge subway line .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. economy has entered a recession that will be more painful and drawn out than the usual downturn , the director of the Reuters / University of Michigan consumer sentiment survey said on Friday .
A " for sale " sign advertises a reduced price for a home for sale in Portland , Oregon December 26 , 2007 .
The U.S. economy has entered a recession that will be more painful and drawn out than the usual downturn , the director of the Reuters / University of Michigan consumer sentiment survey said on Friday .
REUTERS / Richard Clement
Inflation pressures will linger despite the retrenchment in consumer spending , complicating the task of policy - makers , the University ’s Richard Curtin said in a report , citing data from industry group The Conference Board .
“ This is no ordinary recession , ” he said .
“ The aftereffects will last much longer than the typical downturn . ”
He said the Conference Board ’s expectations index is a strong predictor of economic contractions , and that it is currently flashing red .
With Americans getting hit with everything from a housing downturn to excess borrowing , things will get worse before they get better .
“ Consumers must take more drastic steps to stabilize their finances in the midst of high fuel and food prices , stagnant incomes , and record debt , ” Curtin said .
TWO AMERICAS
The new report adds that a rising wealth gap will , even more than usual , lead to disproportionate pain for middle - and lower - income Americans .
“ Growing income inequality has insulated higher income groups to a greater extent than ever before , ” the report said .
Yet the rich will not go unscathed , with the stock market ’s recent slide likely taking a bite out of many an investment portfolio .
Paradoxically , worsening economic conditions will induce families to save money , reinforcing the drag on an economy that has become largely reliant on consumer spending .
“ The negative impact will grow as home prices continue to fall in the year ahead , ” he said .
More than a year ago , Activision revealed that the company was interested in branching its Guitar Hero franchise onto platforms such as the Nintendo DS .
It 's been a long wait , but the company has finally revealed the Guitar Hero game that will soon hit the dual - screen handheld later this year .
Guitar + Hero : + On+Tour+for+the+Nintendo+DS .
The +DS+game+is+being+produced+by+Vicarious+Visions .
The +DS+device+has+four+fret+buttons+compared+to+the+console's+five,+but+there's+still+a+whole+lot+of+rockin'+to+be+had .
The Nintendo DS version -- Guitar Hero : On Tour -- is in development at Vicarious Visions , the team best known for the Tony Hawk and Spider - Man series on the dual - screen handheld , as well as the Nintendo Wii conversion of Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock released late last year .
This portable version will feature the same rhythm - based " play to the music " gameplay of the big boys , and will even have its own peripheral to get the job done : Red Octane has developed what it 's calling the Guitar Grip to give players the ability to finger chords in similar fashion as the console version 's guitar peripheral .
The Guitar Grip will plug into the Game Boy Advance slot at the bottom of the Nintendo DS system .
Players put their hand through the strap of the Guitar Grip for a firm hold on the system , and then position the system in its vertical book form .
The peripheral has a storage area for a specially designed stlyus pick , which is used to strum the guitar strings on the touch - screen .
As the notes slide down the screen , players strum the strings while pressing the corresponding fret buttons , all to the rhythm of the song that 's being played .
According to the video released by Activision , the microphone comes into play during songs -- we 're guessing it 'll be used as control to activate Guitar Hero 's " Star Power " mode to increase the points multiplier .
The idea for the peripheral came during the prototyping phase of getting Guitar Hero working on the Nintendo DS .
" We began prototyping ideas for Guitar Hero on DS in early 2007 , " said Karthik Bala , CEO of Vicarious Visions .
" We quite frankly did n't know whether it would be possible to bring the core essence of the franchise to handheld and have it actually work .
It was 20 - something gameplay prototypes that were built , all trying different mechanics and uses of the hardware .
Some were pretty cool , others were total disasters !
" At some point , we hit upon the idea of creating a peripheral that would have the fret buttons plugging into the GBA slot of the DS , " he recalled .
" We ripped apart an old GBA cartridge and did some electronics work on it to rig up a prototype device .
As awkward and crude as that prototype was , that 's when we knew we were onto something .
We figured that attaching a full - size guitar or even a mini - guitar would be too awkward to play on the road , hence the design of the more compact Guitar Grip , which gives you the tactile sense of the fret buttons , with the touch screen depicting the strings of the guitar .
" Activision 's has n't released all details regarding Guitar Hero : On Tour , but we do know that the Nintendo DS version will feature similar single player Career Mode progression as the console game .
On Tour will contain a line - up of more than 20 licensed songs from bands as Nirvana , OK Go , and No Doubt ; Activision will most certainly reveal the full list of bands and songs as we get closer to the game 's summer release date .
Players will be able to pick from six different guitarists to represent them in - game -- while four guitarists have been in Guitar Hero before , two of the characters have been designed exclusively for the Nintendo DS game .
As they get through career mode , they 'll unlock venues as well as outfits to deck out their chosen persona .
Along with the single player campaign , Guitar Hero : On Tour will also support multiplayer .
The game will feature both co-op as well as competitive two player options using the local wireless functions of the Nintendo DS system .
The game 's battle mode will feature similar gameplay as the mode created in Guitar Hero III , with power - ups created specifically for Guitar Hero : On Tour .
For example , players can activate power - ups that 'll send raving fans to the other screen , and the opponent will have to sign autographs on the touchscreen to get rid of them .
Or out - of - control pyrotechnics will be set ablaze , and players will have to blow them out using the Nintendo DS microphone .
Activision has yet to announce a price - point or a release date , but the company did reveal that it 's shooting to ship Guitar Hero : On Tour this summer .
While console games have been branded with ESRB 's T for Teen rating mostly due to song lyrics , Guitar Hero : On Tour will be rated E10 .
Let ’s say Ron Paul is not your choice then I would ask can any of the great SlutRats ( a slutrat is one of your typical Repuba - sluts or Demo- rats ) save this crumbling empire on their own ?
That ’s a fine question as well but since Ron Paul is the only person actually talking about a fading empire lets just examine him .
I mean if you do n’t even know the empire is in trouble then how much of a chance do you have of saving it ?
In terms of military might America currently enjoys the status of being the only player , the sole super power with no rival or equal .
But the military is stretched to the breaking point according to former secretary of state Colin Powel , “ The active army is about broken ” .
Retired Gen. Barry McCaffrey puts it this way , “ The truth is , the U.S. Army is in serious trouble and any recovery will be years in the making and , as a result , the country is in a position of strategic peril ” .
We may be forced to leave these wars simply because our Army ca n’t support them anymore .
In Ron Paul ’s own words : “ we maintain an empire which we can't afford – we have 700 bases overseas , we are in 130 countries ” .
In An Empire of Wealth , John Gordon boasts that America became the “ world 's most powerful economic system — succeeding so wildly that today , with 6 percent of the world 's land and population , the United States boasts “ close to 30 percent of the world 's gross domestic product . ”
And it was higher before .
In fact America created the greatest economy the world has ever seen and was the number one manufacturer in the world for decades .
In 1950 33 % of our labor force was in manufacturing .
But America ’s star is fading fast , now less than 10 % of our labor force is in manufacturing with the losses accelerating seemingly exponentially .
In a report from the Guardian Unlimited “ The OECD said China 's share ( exports ) was on course to rise to 10 % by 2010 , by which time it would overtake the US . ”
In fact some are speculating that China may have already surpassed the US because of the crooked accounting systems made to placate an ignorant American population .
All goods made by “ so called ” American companies are counted as American goods whether they are made in America or not .
So hypothetically at some point nothing could be made in America but the reports would show us to have rising exports and manufactured goods .
Its interesting to note that when comparing the haves from the have nots we used to say a country was industrialized or not .
In other words it had industry .
Now we say developed , developing , and under developed as if just getting to a state of “ developed ” means your home free and you no longer have to actually produce anything .
The best way to find out the true state of our manufacturing is to look at jobs :
The Bureau of Labor Statistics released its report on job growth since 2000 .
When looking at manufacturing jobs for the last 5 years we have lost in every single field and in some very shockingly .
Paul Craig writes
“ The declines in some manufacturing sectors have more in common with a country undergoing saturation bombing during war than with a super - economy that is “ the envy of the world . ”
Communications equipment lost 43 % of its workforce .
Semiconductors and electronic components lost 37 % of its workforce .
The workforce in computers and electronic products declined 30 % . ”
In the same period the US dollar lost half its value .
Most shocking of all is how the rest of the world perceives the dying empire .
Where people meekly accepted Americas will and might they no longer do .
Consider these shocking recent events :
Ecuador ’s president refused to renew a lease on one of our bases saying the US could have a base in Ecuador if Ecuador could have one in America .
Russia just recently stood up to the US and traded Uranium with Iran .
China just recently refused a ship port entry under storm conditions and refused a plan leave for an Aircraft carrier .
Most shocking of all is the reports from Lou Dobbs that there are skirmishes happening on the border where Mexican citizens are hurling giant rocks , Molotov cocktails and even gunfire at our border agents from the Mexican side of the border .
In response our agents have fired pepper spray back over the border .
If that was n’t shocking enough Mexico ’s government demanded that we stop .
In fact Mexico is demanding a lot these days ; demanding amnesty for its citizens , demanding that we give them 1.4 billion in military aid without conditions , demanding that we stop building fences and on and on .
In fact the only people demanding anything these days seems to be other countries demanding that the US do or not do something .
When the US goes to China to talk about unfair trade activities it goes with its hat in its hand for it dare not talk tough to China .
And talk is about all the US will ever get out of China .
The signs that the US is in decline and maybe completely cracking are everywhere .
Even as our border agents are being attacked and foreign governments are demanding our agents stand down our own government turns on its own .
Right now two border agents are in prison for doing their job .
Just last night the new budget was approved in the middle of the night like any good banana republic and they killed all finance for the border fence against the majority will of the people .
And let ’s talk about the people of a falling empire .
The people of the crumbling empire are largely distracted by the latest crazes and little interested in school anymore .
According to USA Today “ Fourteen urban school districts have on - time graduation rates lower than 50 % ; they include Detroit , Baltimore , New York , Milwaukee , Cleveland , Los Angeles , Miami , Dallas , Denver and Houston . ”
Ok so less then half graduation rates in our major cities and only 70 % over all .
But then why should they study when there ’s nothing left to study for .
All job growth is now in the service industry such as bartenders , maids , restaurants and you hardly need to worry about graduating and preparing for higher education for those fields .
In fact many students are finding it hard to find a major that will pay for their education in the long run .
So what are young people doing these days ?
“ Nationwide , juvenile gang homicides have spiked 23 percent since 2000 .
There are six times as many gangs in L.A. as there were a quarter century ago , and twice as many gang members .
But as important as the gang activity is it ’s even more important how different the violence is now .
In America ’s urban ganglands , and in L.A. in particular , the ferocity of the thuggery has surged ; gang members , their victims and police long on the gang beat tell the fighting has become more codeless , more arbitrary and more brutal than ever . ” [ LA WEEKLY ] .
We have the highest prison population in the developed world at a staggering 2,000,000 .
At the rate we are heading we will have more people in prison then people that work in the manufacturing industry .
But then maybe prison is our industry now .
But that ’s just poor people as long as we have a middle class we ’re ok .
But that ’s just it the middle class is fading the fastest .
“ One of the manifestations of the collapse of the middle class is the increased number of hours that Americans are now forced to work in order to pay the bills .
Today , the average American employee works , by far , the longest hours of any worker in the industrialized world .
And the situation is getting worse .
According to statistics from the International Labor Organization the average American last year worked 1,978 hours , up from 1,942 hours in 1990 — an increase of almost a week of work .
We are now putting more hours into our work than at any time since the 1920s .
Sixty - five years after the formal establishment of the 40 - hour work week under the Fair Labor Standards Act , almost 40 percent of Americans now work more than 50 hours a week . ” [ Buzz flash ] .
RealtyTrac , a company that tracks foreclosures , reckons up to 1.5 m households will enter the process this year , double last year 's figure .
And with some 2.5 m adjustable - rate mortgages resetting to higher rates before the end of 2008 , everyone knows there is much worse to come .
Speaking of insolvent the treasury / OMB report released last year reveals that America itself is insolvent .
That ’s right if you count current debt + all financial commitments as of 2006 its over 400 % of GDP and will be impossible to pay off !
But the back bone to our empire is the US dollar .
Right now the US dollar is the world ’s reserve currency but as it is imploding many are running as far and fast as they can .
Make no mistake if there is a real run on the dollar the empire ends .
Paul Craig writes
“ When the dollar ceases to be the reserve currency , foreigners will cease to finance the US trade and budget deficits , and the American Empire along with its wars will disappear overnight . ”
Ladies and gentlemen we are on the edge of a cliff .
Ron Paul would appear to be the best chance to avoid catastrophe since he actually sees the problems and has solutions .
It would be very hard for a president to fix a problem if he / she did n’t even know it existed or worse yet tried to ignore it all together .
Probably the most frightening scenario and one that we must consider is that many of our politicians are not just ignoring the problems but actively promoting the problems for personal gain .
So I ask again , can Ron Paul save us ?
Let ’s start with the things that Ron Paul can do by himself .
He can start by pulling us out of Iraq and Afghanistan .
He can refuse to get us into anymore costly adventures .
He can veto every pork filled bill he can get his hands on .
Most importantly he can use the mouth piece of the office to return America to a place of respect and trust .
He can reach out to the entire country to get us behind him to do the really tough things .
At this point the burden is off of him and on the rest of us .
It ’s going to be impossible to turn this train wreck around unless the nation rallies behind him .
And rally we must if we are fortunate to get the opportunity .
For too long we have grown comfortable with assuming our responsibilities end in the voting booth .
It wo n’t end there even if Paul is elected .
He will be fighting a machine that has been engaged in a blood lust frenzy of devouring the carcass for a long time .
While successful entrepreneurs may tell you that starting your own business is hugely rewarding , and that everyone should pursue entrepreneurship as an ultimate goal , there are a substantial number of reasons for why entrepreneurship may not be the ideal choice for a large number of people .
So before you ditch the salary , consider what it takes to be a successful and effective entrepreneur .
Here are fifteen reasons why you should not be an entrepreneur .
15 . Long Working Hours – Working under someone else , you can expect to work a set number of hours and very rarely any more .
When you become an entrepreneur , you have to work an endless number of hours .
The days stretch on and you may have trouble getting home often if at all .
Work will also come home with you , becoming a focus of attention in your home life .
14 . Sacrificing Quality Time –
As a new entrepreneur , you will find yourself sacrificing time with your family , your friends , your favorite hobbies and past times , and many other aspects of your life .
Your new business will consume you for long periods of time , likely to the point where you go from the red to the black , which could actually take a number of years .
13 . Hard Work –
As an entrepreneur , you will find that the work load never ceases , no matter how many hours are in the day , or how many employees you bring on for assistance .
Growth always leaves room for “ more ” – so do n’t think that success will allow you to kick back .
Furthermore , the more people you bring on board to take over you own responsibilities , the more people management you have to do , thus reducing your own productivity .
You ’ll want to find good , passionate workers who can manage themselves .
12 . Difficulty Finding Investment –
In order to become an entrepreneur and open your very own business , a substantial investment will be required , and many new entrepreneurs have difficulty obtaining financing on their own .
Now that we ’re in the middle of an economic downturn , investment deemed high risk may be even more difficult to find .
11 . Uncertainty – Simply put , entrepreneurship is an uncertain endeavor .
Even if you go into the process with planning , anything can happen and you cannot be prepared for it all no matter how you try .
The entire entrepreneurial process is about hoping for success , but never really knowing where things will turn .
While there is some level of certainty in business , there is also a large amount of discomfort for hopeful entrepreneurs who do not know where things will lead .
10 . Dealing With The Problem Of Inconsistent Income – Startups typically are backed by cash , but there is n’t a never - ending pot of gold on tap just for you and your company .
The fact of the matter is that you and your bank manager will probably become quite well acquainted .
If you have poor skills in dealing with the intricacies of business finance then setting up your own company is probably not such a good idea ( unless your father happens to be rich and altruistic ) .
9. Risk Of Failure –
The problem with investing capital into a new business is that if the business tanks , you will lose all that money .
If you had to take out a bank loan , or a second mortgage , in order to come by the money that you required , then you will have to find a way to pay that money back without having a job or a business to assist you .
But what can be even more damaging is the sense that you failed , you were n’t good enough , you ’re idea was poorly received by peers .
Before you set off on your journey as an entrepreneur you should seriously consider whether you are mentally resilient enough to cope with the possibility of failure .
8. Lack Of Reward Begats Lower Motivation –
When running your own business , there really is no telling when you will be rewarded or even how you will be rewarded .
You may hope for a bigger bank balance or aspire to develop an industry leading product , but that ca n’t happen without motivation and drive .
Becoming an entrepreneur essentially means taking risks in hope of receiving reward , but without ever really knowing when the reward will come .
If that ’s something you ca n’t deal with , then starting your own business is not the ideal choice .
7. Personality Problems –
So much of being a successful entrepreneur relies solely on your ability to generate buzz , to garner a following , to create something out of nothing .
If you are a quiet and introverted person , you ’ll probably find yourself at a disadvantage compared to a seasoned and confident businessman .
6. Finding Good Staff
Is A Challenge – Any budding startup is not much more than an idea backed by people .
You could outsource the development of your service or product to 10 average offshore programmers , but they still wo n’t be as good as one excellent ( and more expensive ) programmer who believes in the product and can come into the office each day .
The trouble is , brilliant programmers are hard to find and even more difficult to keep .
5. Dealing With The Possibility Of Failure – If your business fails , you will be losing much more than a way to pass the time .
You may lose your home or other vital assets if you cannot meet repayments .
Any unsecured debt that you have accrued on cards or loans will still need paying , which means your credit rating will take a beating .
There ’s also the potential damage to your self confidence , which will make it more difficult to start another business in the future .
4. Working With A Tight Budget – Raising the financing that you need as an entrepreneur is not simple .
If you are a first time business owner , you will have difficulty convincing a lender to work with you , which can make entrepreneurship quite difficult .
So when it comes to kitting out your office you ’ll need to think of every possible way to save and get the most out of every single cent .
3. Managing Cashflow Is Tricky – Without knowing when your next paycheck will come , and with bills , loan repayment and other expenses looming , becoming an entrepreneur can be financially demanding .
2. The Lack of Benefits – By becoming an entrepreneur you will lose out on the 401k , health benefits , life insurance and other benefits that working for a normal company would grant you .
You can acquire them your own self , but usually for a much greater cost .
1. Dealing With Negative Feedback – Who will you turn to in times of stress ?
Who can you trust ?
As an entrepreneur , you have no real support system to turn to , which can spell disaster for many budding businesses .
You need to create a culture where negative feedback is a good thing , in fact , it should be encouraged and fostered into acceptance .
If you want your product to be taken seriously then it has to be great , so there ’s absolutely no point burying your head in the sand any time someone points out a flaw .
The Kuomintang regained power in Taiwan ’s presidential election last Saturday .
A large majority backed the KMT ’s Ma Ying - jeou in the hope that he will restore normalcy to the island ’s economic performance at home and political relations abroad .
Taiwan ’s currency and stock market jumped , reflecting widespread hope for the future .
But the biggest sighs of relief at his election were probably in Beijing and Washington .
Alas , all this joyous hoopla demonstrates how Ma ’s victory has dangerously raised expectations .
It will take a miracle for him to simultaneously satisfy citizens in Taiwan , officials in the People ’s Republic of China , and policymakers in the U.S.
If he fails , instability is likely to again become the byword in the Taiwan Strait .
Taiwan ’s separation from the mainland goes back to Japan ’s victory over the decrepit Chinese empire more than a century ago .
Taiwan became the base for Chiang Kai - shek ’s defeated Nationalists after the Communists triumphed on the mainland in 1949 .
Throughout the Cold War the so - called Republic of China claimed to be the legitimate government of all China .
That fiction was effectively buried in 1971 , when the United Nations General Assembly displaced Chiang ’s government in favor of Mao Zedong ’s regime .
Most governments , including Washington in 1979 , shifted their formal recognition to Beijing .
Although an economic powerhouse , Taiwan remains in a diplomatic twilight zone .
An ever wealthier PRC has skillfully constricted Taipei ’s international space , countering Taipei ’s longtime " checkbook " diplomacy with smaller states .
At Beijing ’s behest even the World Health Organization refuses to deal with Taiwan as a sovereign state , sacrificing global health concerns during the SARS outbreak to satisfy Chinese political demands .
Tension was particularly sharp between Beijing and the government of outgoing President Chen Shui-bian , the longtime opposition activist who broke the KMT ’s monopoly on government power .
He lost no opportunity to irritate , and often outrage , China .
His Democratic Progressive Party long promoted Taiwanese independence , and Chen sought to formalize Taiwan ’s separate existence .
Equally important , however , Chen saw political advantage in playing to the increasingly independent Taiwanese identity .
Indeed , by the end of his term , he could do little other than unleash anti-Chinese jabs after his political credibility was destroyed by a wide - ranging corruption scandal .
In any other year the DPP ’s presidential candidate , former premier Frank Hsieh , would have been a formidable contender .
But Chen ’s sagging reputation , along with the island ’s lagging economic growth , doomed Hsieh ’s prospects .
Even Beijing ’s crackdown in Tibet , which cut against the KMT ’s accommodationist policy toward the mainland , was too little , too late to derail Ma ’s bandwagon .
Almost as significant as Ma ’s victory was the failure of Chen ’s referendum backing Taiwan ’s membership in the United Nations as the Republic of Taiwan .
The measure received 5 million votes , outpolling the KMT alternative , which advocated UN membership for the Republic of China , Taiwan ’s current formal name ( which is less provocative to Beijing ) .
However , the referendum did not receive the constitutionally necessary majority of votes cast .
Superficially , the election appears to be a decisive rejection of Taiwanese nationalism .
Businessmen in Taiwan look forward to closer economic relations across the Taiwan Strait .
The PRC expects negotiations over reunification .
Washington hopes for reduced tensions between Beijing and Taipei .
Observed President George W. Bush : the election " provides a fresh opportunity " for the two sides to settle their differences .
Unfortunately , this newly apparent international bliss is likely to be short - lived .
The KMT ’s softer image  ironic , since the Communist revolutionaries fought for years to oust the KMT ’s Chiang Kai - shek from power  will help lower tensions with the PRC in the short - term .
One of Ma ’s first announcements was that his government would accept two pandas from Beijing .
President Chen had rejected the gift , since accepting the animals would have meant validating China ’s contention that Taiwan is part of China  the PRC normally loans , rather than gives , pandas to foreign nations .
Moreover , the two governments are likely to begin talking .
The PRC refused to deal with President Chen , preventing any official communication .
Indeed , Beijing pressed hard on Taiwan ’s international oxygen line , limiting Taipei ’s role in international forums and encouraging defections from the dwindling band of small nations , primarily located in Africa and Central America , which recognize the Republic of China .
China might lift its foot a bit to encourage a dialogue .
Political as well as economic engagement between China and Taiwan would be a positive development , since today ’s semi-cold war hurts both sides , and a hot war would be disastrous .
Yet it wo n’t take very long for negotiations to highlight the underlying , and likely unbridgeable , conflict of visions .
The " 1992 consensus , " as it is called , between the two governments recognizes only " one China , " but acknowledges different definitions .
That difference is decisive .
The PRC says " Taiwan is an inalienable part of Chinese territory " and ultimately must recognize Beijing ’s authority .
Ma has called for negotiations " on an equal footing , " in which he will maintain that Taiwan is a separate political entity , related , but not subservient , to the PRC .
Indeed , in responding to China ’s crackdown in Tibet , Ma seemed to be attempting to out - Chen President Chen : Ma criticized a proposal from Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao as " arrogant , absurd , and self - righteous " and suggested boycotting the Olympic Games .
Indeed , the electoral repudiation of the DPP , though decisive , offers only a symbolic shift toward the mainland .
The vast majority of Taiwanese do not want to be ruled by Beijing .
They want their next government to avoid needless confrontation with the PRC and , even more important , to focus on the economy .
But they are no more interested in sacrificing their sovereignty to China today than they were when they twice elected Chen president .
Until now China has been patient despite that attitude , accepting international ambiguity while resisting Taiwan ’s efforts to formalize its independent status .
But Chinese demands for a resolution of the issue have been growing increasingly insistent .
Ma ’s election may have reset Beijing ’s clock , but the timepiece is still running , picking up speed as it goes .
Ma ’s hope of getting direct air links , lots of tourists , the withdrawal of Chinese missiles positioned across the Taiwan Strait , and a peace treaty , and all without resolving the sovereignty question 
" The idea is to shelve the issue , " he proclaims  seems optimistic at best .
Moreover , China ’s newfound willingness to whisper sweet nothings in Taipei ’s cannot hide Beijing ’s ready mailed fist .
As the Pentagon has noted in its annual reports on the Chinese military , the PRC is improving its military with an emphasis on intimidating Taiwan .
Beijing ’s harsh response to the recent protests in Tibet demonstrates the seriousness with which the Communist regime treats challenges to its sovereignty claims .
Not to worry , some say .
Many Western analysts believe that the pragmatic Chinese would never risk their stake in the international economy by initiating military action ; many American policymakers believe that by threatening U.S. involvement they will deter the PRC from dangerous adventurism .
However , China and Taiwan are unlikely to resolve the latter ’s status by dispassionately assessing the legal case , such as the validity of the Treaty of Shimonoseki , by which China ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 .
Nationalism runs strong in both Taiwan and China .
The former has seen a steady growth in a separate Taiwanese identity .
Most Taiwanese want close economic links with the mainland , but virtually no one wants to submit to Beijing ’s political domination .
Chauvinistic sentiments are even more virulent in the PRC .
China manipulates such attitudes , of course .
But it does not control them .
The Beijing government seemed to lag behind popular hostility toward America resulting from the bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade and the EP - 3 spy plane collision with a Chinese fighter .
More recently , the Chinese public has been resolutely hostile toTibetan independence aspirations .
Indeed , much of the global Chinese Diaspora , including ethnic Chinese residing in America , celebrated Hong Kong ’s return to the PRC .
Similarly , even many anti-Communist émigrés who fled after the Revolution view Taiwan as part of China .
Whether Chinese should think so is not important .
They do think so , and they may be willing to sacrifice much to reclaim what is , in their view , rightfully China’s .
Which is why the Chinese government is crafting a military capable of deterring U.S. involvement .
They are not hiding their efforts .
Chen Zhou , a naval officer teaching at Beijing ’s Academy of Military Science , said bluntly : " Our concern is to prevent an intervention by Americans during a crisis in the Taiwan Strait . "
In particular , that means acquiring an ability to take out U.S. aircraft carriers and strike the American homeland .
The PRC hopes to put military hardware behind a Chinese general ’s observation a few years ago that America would not risk Los Angeles for Taipei .
America ’s options will only worsen .
One is simply to abandon Taiwan and leave it to work out the best deal possible with Beijing .
That ’s a trashy way to treat a one - time ally that has built a democratic and capitalist system  one that actually offered the practical model that helped move Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping to begin China ’s reforms in the 1980s .
Taiwan ’s people deserve better .
At the opposite end of the spectrum is for Washington to promise to defend Taiwan , as President George W. Bush did shortly after taking office .
His aides quickly walked back his remarks , formally returning U.S. policy to " strategic ambiguity . "
However , Washington ’s security commitment to Taiwan appears to be strong , even if theoretically implicit .
Unfortunately , in this case , if deterrence failed , America would pay an extremely high price .
China is not Iraq or Serbia , and it would not be a military pushover .
The PRC ’s ability to retaliate against U.S. interests 
America ’s economy and regional allies  already is great .
Beijing is creating the capability to strike directly against the U.S. military and homeland .
Most importantly , China is a nuclear power and is improving its strategic arsenal .
It need not be capable of an offensive attack on America ; it need only possess a sufficient force to deter U.S. intervention .
Obviously , it would be madness for either party to go nuclear , but the mere possibility of such an exchange would limit Washington ’s options .
The U.S. government would have to ask whether protecting Taiwan was worth the risk of escalation and mass destruction .
Today the American government takes a middle course of strategic ambiguity .
Tell the Chinese that the U.S. might defend Taiwan .
Try to convince the Taiwanese that they should be responsible and not provoke Beijing .
Assume that America will never have to fulfill its implicit security guarantee .
Alas , strategic ambiguity may turn out to be the worst possible approach .
The failure to make clear to China America ’s commitment to Taiwan reduces the deterrent value .
The failure to convince the Taiwanese that America ’s commitment is limited , and would not protect irresponsible behavior , encourages Taipei to push hard for international recognition while letting its military spending lag .
Yet should war erupt , whether by intention or through mistake , the U.S. would be automatically involved .
The situation brings to mind the failure of British Foreign Secretary Sir Edward Grey in July 1914 to make clear to Germany his nation ’s willingness to go to war if Berlin violated Belgium ’s neutrality .
Washington needs an alternative strategy , one that simultaneously aids Taiwan in its desire to remain free while avoiding a clash with a growing , nuclear - armed China .
The first component is America ’s relationship with Taipei .
The U.S. should make clear that Washington wo n’t guarantee Taiwan ’s independence from Beijing .
Americans rightly sympathize with Taiwan but ultimately should not risk Los Angeles  or Seattle , Chicago , Dallas , New York City , or Washington , D.C.  for Taipei .
The risk might be small , but it will grow as China further modernizes its military .
The cost if America ’s bluff is called then will be extraordinarily high .
However , the U.S. should empower Taiwan to the extent possible .
That means selling most any weapons to help Taipei preserve a potent if small deterrent force .
A free - trade agreement would strengthen economic ties and further embed Taiwan in the international economic order .
Washington should stop impeding the visit by Taiwanese officials to America and drop the ban on high level inter-governmental meetings .
There ’s no need to publicize what the PRC views as affronts to its dignity , but Washington should explain privately that who visits America and who talks with U.S. policymakers is " an internal affair " that does not concern the Chinese authorities .
Further , Washington should turn to diplomacy to forge an international coalition ready to sanction Beijing if necessary .
Members should inform China that attempted coercion of Taiwan would put the PRC ’s economic miracle at risk .
Allied states throughout Asia and Europe , though unwilling to consider military action , should warn Beijing that they would respond with economic and diplomatic penalties to an attack on a democratic member of the international community .
A wave of even trade restrictions , investment controls , and consumer boycotts could tip an already unstable Chinese economic system into recession or much worse , generating political unrest as well .
Despite the Taiwanese election results , the Taiwan Strait remains a region of extraordinary danger .
And the U.S. is in the middle .
Washington might hope that everyone will be reasonable , but that ’s no policy .
Sometimes even normally rational people do stupid things to advance what they believe to be their or their countries ’ interests .
A war between China and America , whether intentional or inadvertent , would be horrific .
Washington needs to develop alternative strategies to aid Taiwan without endangering the U.S .
That wo n’t be easy .
Especially if Taiwan ’s recent election lulls policymakers around the Pacific into complacency .
Ma ’s victory does not mean that a new era of peace is at hand .
Rather , his election merely pushes back the potential for conflict in the Taiwan Strait .
A police detective and his female companion kidnapped a 13 - year - old runaway girl and forced her into prostitution with 20 men at private parties , the authorities said on Wednesday .
The detective , Wayne Taylor , 35 , and his companion , Zalika Brown , 29 , of 173 - 37 Vaswani Avenue in Jamaica , were charged with kidnapping , unlawful imprisonment , endangering the welfare of a child and promoting prostitution , said the Queens district attorney , Richard A. Brown .
They were arraigned in Queens Criminal Court on Wednesday night and pleaded not guilty .
The girl left her home in Brooklyn on Jan. 10 and encountered someone identified only as Drama who offered to find her a job dancing at parties and introduced her to Ms. Brown , the police said .
Ms. Brown told the girl that she had been “ purchased ” for $ 500 for use as a prostitute and introduced Detective Taylor as her husband , the police said , although they described the couple as boyfriend and girlfriend .
Exclusive : Peace Corps , Fulbright Scholar Asked to ' Spy ' on Cubans , Venezuelans Fulbright scholar said he was shocked by the U.S. Embassy official 's request .
Feb. 8 , 2008  --
In an apparent violation of U.S. policy , Peace Corps volunteers and a Fulbright scholar were asked by a U.S. Embassy official in Bolivia " to basically spy " on Cubans and Venezuelans in the country , according to Peace Corps personnel and the Fulbright scholar involved .
Click here to read this article in Spanish .
( Haz click aquí para leer este artículo en español . )
" I was told to provide the names , addresses and activities of any Venezuelan or Cuban doctors or field workers I come across during my time here , " Fulbright scholar John Alexander van Schaick told ABCNews.com in an interview in La Paz .
Van Schaick 's account matches that of Peace Corps members and staff who claim that last July their entire group of new volunteers was instructed by the same U.S. Embassy official in Bolivia to report on Cuban and Venezuelan nationals .
The State Department says any such request was " in error " and a violation of long - standing U.S. policy which prohibits the use of Peace Corps personnel or Fulbright scholars for intelligence purposes .
" We take this very seriously and want to stress this is not in any way our policy , " a senior State Department official told ABCNews.com .
The Fulbright scholar van Schaick , a 2006 Rutgers University graduate , says the request came at a mandatory orientation and security briefing meeting with Assistant Regional Security Officer Vincent Cooper at the embassy on the morning of Nov. 5 , 2007 .
According to van Schaick , the request for information gathering " surfaced casually " halfway through Cooper 's 30 - minute , one - on - one briefing , which initially dealt with helpful tips about life and security concerns in Bolivia .
" He said , ' We know the Venezuelans and Cubans are here , and we want to keep tabs on them , ' " said van Schaick who recalls feeling " appalled " at the comment .
" I was in shock , " van Schaick said .
" My immediate thought was 'oh my God !
Somebody from the U.S. Embassy just asked me to basically spy for the U.S. Embassy . ' "
A similar pattern emerges in the account of the three Peace Corps volunteers and their supervisor .
On July 29 , 2007 , just before the new volunteers were sworn in , they say embassy security officer Vincent Cooper visited the 30 - person group to give a talk on safety and made his request about the Cubans and Venezuelans .
" He said it had to do with the fight against terrorism , " said one , of the briefing from the embassy official .
Others remember being told , " It 's for your own safety . "
Peace Corps Deputy Director Doreen Salazar remembers the incident vividly because she says it was the first time she had heard an embassy official make such a request to a Peace Corps group .
Salazar says she and her fellow staff found the comment so out of line that they interrupted the briefing to clarify that volunteers did not have to follow the embassy 's instructions , and she later complained directly to the embassy about the incident .
" Peace Corps is an a -political institution , " Salazar says .
" We made it clear to the embassy that this was an inappropriate request , and they agreed . "
Indeed , the State Department admits having acknowledged the infraction and assuring Salazar that it would not happen again .
Yet , it was just four months later that Fulbright scholar van Schaick says he was asked by the same embassy official , Cooper , to " spy " on the Cubans and Venezuelans .
A U.S. Embassy official in La Paz , Bolivia said Cooper was referring all calls for comment to the State Department in Washington .
Van Schaick says he never considered complying with the request , fearful he would violate Bolivian espionage laws and that he would jeopardize the integrity of the Fulbright program , which yearly sends hundreds of American college graduates to countries around the world .
" I am supposed to be a cultural ambassador increasing mutual understanding between us and the Bolivian people , " van Schaick explains .
" This flies in face of everything Fulbright stands for . "
The Fulbright program receives its funding from the U.S. State Department and the Peace Corps is a federal agency , but the State Department insists that neither group has the obligation to act in an intelligence capacity .
In fact , both have strict regulations against members getting involved in politics in their host country .
The press director at the Peace Corps told ABC News in no uncertain terms that the corps is not involved in any intelligence gathering .
" Since Peace Corps ' inception in 1961 , it has been the practice of the Peace Corps to keep volunteers separate from any official duties pertaining to U.S. foreign policy , including the reality or the appearance of involvement in intelligence - related activities , " said Amanda Beck , press director of the Peace Corps .
" Any connection between the Peace Corps and the intelligence community would seriously compromise the ability of the Peace Corps to develop and maintain the trust and confidence of the people in the host countries we serve . "
Read the Peace Corps ' full statement .
Like many of the Peace Corps workers , van Schaick is carrying out his research in the Santa Cruz countryside , where a number of Cuban doctors are deployed providing free medical services as part of Cuba 's solidarity with its socialist ally , Bolivia 's President Evo Morales .
The accusations are likely to reverberate in Bolivia , especially given the already shaky relationship between the Bush administration and President Morales ' two - year - old government .
" These are serious incidents that we will investigate thoroughly , " says Bolivia 's Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca in an interview .
" Any U.S. government use of their students or volunteers to provide intelligence represents a grave threat to Bolivia 's sovereignty . "
Bolivian law provides severe penalties in espionage cases .
According to Article 111 of the country 's penal code , " he who procures secretive documents , objects or information … concerning [ Bolivia 's ] foreign relations in an espionage effort for other countries during times of peace , endangering the security of the State , will incur a penalty of 30 years in prison . "
In lay man 's terms : if any U.S. citizen provides information of use in a spying effort , they would be subject to Bolivia 's maximum prison sentence .
But the U.S. citizens who reported being approached in this way by the State Department official said no mention was made of any legal risks arising from complying with the request to keep tabs on foreign nationals in Bolivia .
There is no indication that any of the volunteers made reports to the U.S. Embassy .
Van Schaick says he is keenly aware of the Pandora 's box now knocked open .
The Hoboken , N.J. native , however , was adamant that the incident be brought to light -- in the hopes for change .
" I came forward because the Bolivian people have a right to know , " former union activist van Schaick says .
" Asking Fulbrighters to spy is just not OK . "
Three of the other four Fulbright scholars currently in Bolivia say they were never asked about Cubans or Venezuelans in their briefings .
A fourth Fulbright scholar declined repeated requests for an interview on the subject .
Editor 's Note : Jean Friedman - Rudovksy is a freelance journalist based in La Paz , Bolivia where she is the correspondent for TIME Magazine and Women 's Enews .
She has worked as an associate producer for ABC News in Bolivia and is a founding editor of Ukhampacha Bolivia , an online bilingual Web journal on Latin American social and political issues .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
The U.S. has dropped $ 10 billion into Pakistani dictator Pervez Musharraf 's lap – much of it in cash .
Allegedly , that 's to fight the jihadists in his country and across his border .
But , somehow , that mission does not involve hunting for Osama bin Laden .
Musharraf , in response to a * 60 Minutes * question about bin Laden , said ,
" We are not particularly looking for him , but we are operating against terrorists and Al Qaeda and militant Taliban .
And in the process , obviously , combined , maybe we are looking for him also . "
But how seriously is he taking that larger fight , really ?
Despite a number of high - profile bombings in his country , Musharraf said he could n't " say for sure " whether groups like the Taliban were " regrouping " or " getting stronger . "
But the worst part of the interview may have been when Musharraf was asked who was to blame for Benazir Bhutto 's assassination .
Musharraf replied , " Only she . "
Kee-riiist .
So much for our most trusted ally in the war on terror .
I guess it 's some small consolation that he did n't whip out the laser gun assassination theory .
( High five : Nightwatch )
ALSO :
DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE DEM CANDIDATE PROFILES , TIMELINES , VIDEO & MORE Hillary Rodham Clinton : Can N.Y. senator reach the finish ?
Barack Obama : Contender vaults into political limelight THE RACE FOR DELEGATES THE RACE FOR DELEGATES USA TODAY 's interactive delegate tracker shows where the presidential candidates stand as they seek their party 's nomination .
RESULTS : USA ROUNDUP RESULTS : USA ROUNDUP USA Bill Clinton : Debate does not hurt the Democratic party Allowing the Democratic presidential race to continue several more weeks will not hurt the party 's chances in November , former president Bill Clinton said Sunday in San Jose , Calif .
He urged people to " chill out " and let the balloting run its course .
Clinton said Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York was n't damaging the party by staying in the race even though she is behind in delegates and unlikely to overtake the Illinois senator based on the contests to come .
NOMINATION FIGHT :
The voting road ahead " There is somehow the suggestion that because we are having a vigorous debate about who would be the best president , we are going to weaken this party in the fall , " he said Sunday at the state Democratic Party convention .
" We 're going to win this election if we just chill out and let everybody have their say , " Clinton said .
Obama said Saturday that the decision about whether to drop out is for Hillary Clinton to make .
" My attitude is Sen. Clinton can run as long as she wants , " he said in Pennsylvania .
Also on Sunday , surrogates for Obama and Hillary Clinton spoke out about a proposal by New York 's former governor that the two senators should run together on the fall presidential ticket , regardless of which one wins the nomination , to avoid " a Democratic disaster . "
Former governor Mario Cuomo , who has not endorsed either candidate , said in an opinion piece Sunday in The Boston Globe that Clinton and Obama should cut a deal that puts both of them on the ballot in the fall .
If one wo n't defer to the other in the primary race , they should at least announce that whoever loses would be named the vice presidential candidate , he wrote .
" The joint statement announcing their agreement would rock the nation and resound across the globe , " Cuomo wrote in a piece headlined , " How to avoid a Democratic disaster . "
If the two Democrats keep battling one another through August 's Democratic convention in Denver , " the 2008 primary may be the story of a painfully botched grand opportunity , " Cuomo wrote .
Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , a Clinton ally , said on ABC's This Week that he could not speak for Clinton , " but I would love that .
I think that this duo , regardless , is a history - making duo . "
Sen . John Kerry of Massachusetts , an Obama ally and the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee , said on ABC that the combination " would be terrific in a lot of people 's minds " but that decision would be Obama 's to make .
Contributing : Ken Dilanian in McLean , Va. Bill Clinton , the former president and husband of Democratic candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton , told a crowd in San Jose on Sunday that it would not hurt to allow the Democratic race to continue .
By George Nikitin , AP Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Last updated at 19:47 14 December 2007
A dyslexic teenager has become a real - life teenage Willy Wonka by opening his own chocolate factory aged just 16 .
Louis Barnett left school aged 11 and began making chocolate in his parents garage as a hobby .
Now , five years on , Louis has been working around the clock to get products on the shelves in time for Christmas since landing contracts with food giants Sainsbury 's and Waitrose who are stocking his luxury chocolates over the festive season .
Scroll down for more ...
The plucky confectioner has opened the factory and employed members of staff to help keep up with demand after his company " Chokolit " attracted worldwide interest .
The Chokolit factory in Bridgnorth , Shropshire was first opened in September but now the Christmas rush is coming to an end , the site was officially opened yesterday by MP Patrick McCormack .
Louis 's chocolates are unique as they come packaged in an edible box and Waitrose bosses say Christmas shoppers can't get enough of the innovative treats .
The Waitrose store in Stourbridge sold out in just two days with shoppers snapping up over 300 boxes .
But it is not only stores in the UK which are interested in stocking the chocolates .
Companies in Russia , Sweden , India and Japan are also expressing an interest in the products .
Louis said : " It 's been a phenomenal year .
I was making chocolate in my parents garage in June and now I am making for the supermarkets from my own chocolate factory .
" I really had to hit the ground running because the stores were desperate to have the chocolates on the shelf in time for Christmas .
" I have had some fantastic feedback from Sainsbury 's and Waitrose - they say my chocolate has been flying off the shelves . "
Scroll down for more ...
Louis says he is planning to expand his rapidly growing chocolate empire in the new year to satisfy international demand .
He added : " I 've just finalised a contract with a store in Moscow so we will probably need to open another factory but I 'm just going to enjoy Christmas first and celebrate what we have achieved so far . "
At 11 - years - old Louis set about a vocational - based home study programme after reading a book about Belgian chocolate cakes .
He went on to achieve a qualification in chocolate making at the prestigious Zurich - based Callebaut Academy .
He was the youngest ever chocolatier to gain accreditation from the academy and they are now sponsoring him through the rest of his " chocolate education " .
Louis added : " I have always loved food and used to make cakes and mince pies in the kitchen with my mum when I was as young as four .
" I started making birthday cakes and gift chocolates for people in the village and got some really complimentary feedback . "
After borrowing £ 500 from his nan and grandad he purchased a special chocolate temperature - regulating machine to perfect his creations .
He chose the company name , Chokolit , as that was how he would spell the word at school due to his dyslexia .
Scroll down for more ...
When Louis began to develop a reputation as a budding chocolatier the orders came in thick and fast .
He added : " Because the chocolates were for gifts I decided to buy some decorative boxes to put them .
" But the packaging started to cost more than the actual chocolate so I thought ; ' why not make the box out of chocolate too ? '
" It improves the enjoyment of the overall product - when you have eaten all the chocolates you have still got one really big chocolate left to eat . "
Louis who lives at home with parents Philip and Mary , in Kinver , near Stourbridge , West Midlands , added : " We started on the kitchen table , then moved to the garage and now we 've had to move to a production unit .
" Next year we 'll have to move again . "
He is now at the start of successful business career but Mum Mary , 50 , said Louis was frustrated and disheartened at school .
She said : " It was terribly difficult for him .
His hand writing was really bad and struggled with spelling .
" He would come home and throw his bag across the room saying he could n't stand it anymore .
" He would sometimes come home with black eyes and bruises after getting into fights with other school children .
" He was just different and the other boys could n't understand him - he was confident without being cocky .
" They could n't engage intellectually with him so would punch him instead . "
Ever wonder what happens to your old office PC ?
It may not be as green as you 'd think .
So , here 's the story on what your company can do about it .
With CIOs focused on achieving the “ green ” data center by reducing energy consumed for cooling and shifting to server virtualization to cut power consumption , there remains a dirty little secret many IT organizations would just as soon ignore : where their old PCs end up .
“ We estimate that 55 percent of all PCs are in the commercial sector , ” says David Daoud , research manager for personal computing , PC Tracker , and green IT at International Data Corp. , an IT research firm in Framingham , Mass .
“ In their effort to reduce their impact on the environment , many IT organizations have focused on the data center , but other angles of green IT have been essentially neglected . ”
The impact of that neglect on the environment worldwide could be huge .
An estimated 1.8 billion pounds of PCs are retired worldwide each year , but only about half that amount — 865 million pounds — is processed by recyclers , according to a report issued this month by International Data Corp .
Although some of the remaining 900 million pounds of computer hardware is rebuilt or reused , much of it is just plain discarded into landfills or incinerated .
What ’s more , a huge amount of so - called e-waste is handled by manual laborers working in electronic dumps in China , or by prison workers in the U.S. who break apart the machines for salvageable metals and materials .
Both practices are considered irresponsible and unacceptable by such groups as the Electronics Takeback Coalition .
Unfortunately , many IT organizations today fail to assume sufficient responsibility for the ultimate end - of - life destination of their fleets of thousands of used - up PCs .
For instance , Daoud says one of the biggest means of disposal for corporations seeking to rid themselves of their rafts of obsolete PCs is to donate them to nonprofit groups .
In effect , that means they have washed their hands of the problem .
“ This part of the traditional IT lifecycle is not so green , ” Daoud told attendees at IDC ’s “ Directions 08 ” , the research firm ’s 43rd annual industry business briefing in San Jose , Calif .
March 11 .
“ IT organizations need a better understanding of where the product ’s final destination will be . ”
Instead of disposing of PCs or donating them , some companies , he says , may elect instead to retire them earlier and sell them to other organizations while they are still useful and marketable .
But all companies should take a closer look at the IT manufacturer ’s policy toward takeback before buying .
“ If you buy the right product in the beginning , it will cost you less to recycle it at the end , ” Daoud says .
Simply getting rid of the problem of PCs ’ end - of - life disposal issue by donating them is n’t a responsible approach , Daoud asserts .
“ Typically that ’s not good , ” he explains .
“ Companies have been neglecting their environmental responsibilities through the donation process .
In most cases , it just transfers the responsibility to a religious organization .
It ’s okay if they track where the boxes go , but not many organizations do this . ”
In 2006 , 40 percent of companies donated their used up PCs , while 30 percent sold or gave them to employees and another 30 percent recycled them .
The most expensive route of disposal , Daoud says , is to refurbish PCs to be reused .
The most expensive approach is to “ cascade ” or reimage the machines , at an average cost of $ 468 per machine .
The cost per machine to donate them averaged $ 398 .
Other alternatives include remarketing the product , $ 192 , and simply throwing it away , $ 255 .
Daoud recommends IT groups query prospective PC vendors for a cost analysis and environmental assessment of their machines at end - of - lifecycle .
They should “ assist with the end to end lifecycle strategy , ” he says .
He also suggests that companies choosing to dispose of their PCs through recycling demand full access to the recycling site .
“ Full access is important because there is so much ‘ grey ’ activity , ” Daoud says , meaning shipping PC waste to developing countries for unsafe recycling or disposal there , or sending it to prisons where the machines are dismantled and processed with inmate labor .
“ IT organizations should ask about the final destination of their assets , to find out exactly where their PCS will end up going , ” Daoud says .
“ Even with some of the largest PC vendors , it ’s not clear where these systems are going .
The idea is that you want to avoid the use of the grey market , which is difficult to monitor . ”
The Electronic Takeback Coalition maintains a list of recyclers that have pledged to adhere to certain corporate responsibility standards , including not incinerating e-waste or shipping it to China .
“ We review these recyclers , so companies should be able to find a responsible recycler on the web site , ” says Barbara Kyle , national coordinator of ETC , a consortium of environmental and consumer groups based in San Francisco .
“ Companies are waking up to the need for some due diligence here . ”
In fact , PC purchasing decisions , which today are made largely on power and efficiency , will soon take the end - of - lifecycle issue into account , Daoud believes .
One reason for the change , he says , is the regulatory pressure that ’s already being brought to bear , not only in the European Union , but in the U.S. as well .
“ The EU has been the most proactive legislator in this area , ” he says .
“ In the U.S. , there has been a legislation on a state by state basis , with 25 states enacting e-waste disposal laws . ”
Of course , this situation is n’t making PC manufacturers happy .
“ Most IT vendors do n’t like this patchwork legislation , and most are looking forward to some sort of federal mandate , ” Daoud adds .
The ultimate impact will be a higher cost for business , he says .
None of this is new to PC manufacturers , who in recent years , after been prodded by environmental and consumer groups , have launched their own PC takeback programs .
“ Most PC manufacturers have some kind of takeback program , ” the ETC ’s Kyle says .
For instance , Dell promises to take back any old PC that has the Dell name on it .
Consumers buying a new Dell can select a free recycling option when they buy a new Dell .
Hewlett Packard will take machines back for a fee that includes shipping .
Lenovo also charges consumers a fee to take back a PC .
Apple will take back any brand of Mac or PC so long as you buy a new machine directly from Apple , not through a reseller .
Within 30 days after purchasing a new machine , consumers can ship their old ones to Apple ’s recycler using a free shipping coupon mailed to them after purchase .
Sony will take aback any machine with the Sony name on it .
Toshiba takes back any of their notebooks for the cost of shipping .
Google 's mantra is " Do n't be evil , " which as corporate mottoes go is the equivalent of " Build an eternal bonfire in the parking lot and fuel it with thousand - dollar bills and the occasional Gutenberg Bible . "
The worldwide market for evil is stratospheric , and Google is uniquely positioned to take advantage of it .
They 've made some halting inroads in China , but economists – many of whom are themselves evil – estimate that if Google abandoned its inefficient policy completely , it could capture 38 percent of the evil market .
That 's more than Microsoft and Lindsay Lohan combined .
Here are just a few of the many ways Google could provide cutting - edge , convenient and extremely evil services .
Google Torture
Sure , Google provides access to nearly all the public information on the web , but what about data people are n't willing to share ?
Google could enhance its core search engine by deploying goons and / or thugs to beat information out of people – anything from the location of their valuables to interesting sports trivia .
Finally you can search on terms like " why did my neighbor come home at 3 a.m. all last week " and expect to get some real answers .
Google Murder
Why pay top dollar for a professional hit man when an amateur will do it for a few bucks and a good alibi ?
Google could leverage the technology behind Google Answers to match amateur killers with those looking to eliminate a business rival or key witness .
While high - end assassins have all sorts of overhead and pass the costs on to you , Google Murder could match you up with sociopaths who were thinking of going on a rampage anyway , and who would be willing to shoot up the office building or motel of your choosing for a reasonable fee .
Google Blackmail
YouTube and Flickr are tough competitors in the world of user - supplied content , but they 're hobbled by terms of service that discourage the most profitable content of all : incriminating evidence .
Google could use the code behind Google Video to allow users to upload sordid videos and indelicate photos and set them to be displayed after a reasonable amount of time if the ransom is n't met .
If the victim pays up , Google gets a cut .
If the ransom is n't paid and evidence of degradation and betrayal is made public , everybody wins !
Google Infidelity
More than one affair has brought a marriage to an asset - dividing end thanks to an electronic trail left in the guilty party 's browser .
With a couple of changes to Google Desktop and Google Toolbar , these sad results can be a thing of the past .
The code could change the browser history so that searches for " crotchless panties " and " motels that bill by the hour " look like searches for " anniversary presents " and " spouse - only massage classes . "
And , in case that does n't work , the software can automatically block access to the websites of private detectives and divorce lawyers .
Google Nudity
Google Earth may give you a great view of the Grand Tetons , but those are n't the natural formations most people using Google Image Search are looking for .
Sure , turning off SafeSearch can net you all sorts of porn even if you do n't actually want it , but the worldwide demand for naked pictures of famous people still far exceeds the supply .
As satellite and rendering technology improve , Google will be in the enviable position of being able to map the topology of anyone who goes outdoors , and extrapolate it into nude pictures indistinguishable from actual perverted photography .
Finally you 'll be able to see anyone from your favorite movie star to your Pilates instructor naked as a jaybird and twice as aroused .
I think you can see how evil , properly abused by the benevolent tyrants at Google , could benefit us all while only harming most of us .
I think it would be a good trade - off , as long as Google does n't start spamming .
Some things are too evil to even consider .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjberg eventually overcame these handicaps to devote his life to helping the helpless , cheering the cheerless , and minding the mindless .
Do n't Forget the Amazing Doll Man
In Praise of Car Rentals
The Games Nobody Lines Up to Play
Star Wars DVD Sets of Tomorrow
Trek 2.0 , Boldly Going to Hell
Tivoli , N.Y .
THEIR Carhartts are no longer ironic .
Now they have real dirt on them .
Until three years ago , Benjamin Shute was living in Williamsburg , where he kept Brooklyn Lager in his refrigerator and played darts in a league .
Raised on the Upper East Side by a father who is a foundation executive and a mother who writes about criminal justice , Mr. Shute graduated from Amherst and worked for an antihunger charity .
But something nagged at him .
To learn about food production , he had volunteered at a farm in Massachusetts .
He liked the dirt , the work and the coaxing of land long fallow into producing eggplant and garlic .
He tried growing strawberries on his roof in Brooklyn , but it did n’t scratch his growing itch .
And so last week , Mr. Shute could be found here , elbow - deep in wet compost two hours north of New York City , filling greenhouse trays for onion seeds .
Along with a partner , Miriam Latzer , he runs Hearty Roots , a 25 - acre organic farm .
“ I never thought I wanted to farm , ” Mr. Shute said .
“ But it feels like an honest living . ”
His partner , Ms. Latzer ( the two are not a couple ) is 33 and a former urban planner .
Her parents , a professor and a librarian , “ think its crazy that I ’m a farmer , ” she said .
“ They wonder what planet I came from . ”
Getty images
GEORGE BUSH is not likely to be remembered by history as the saviour of the Middle East .
He botched Iraq , dropped his democratic “ freedom agenda ” when the Arabs started voting for the wrong people , and has spent most of his two terms more or less ignoring Palestine .
On this last front , however , he now has an opportunity for redemption .
If all goes to plan , Mr Bush will preside on November 27th over a peace meeting in Annapolis , Maryland .
Expectations of this one - day event are at rock bottom .
Nobody foresees much more than some bland speechifying and a photo - opportunity .
And yet , if he is bold , Mr Bush has it in his power to turn Annapolis into a significant step towards peace .
All he has to do is pluck up the courage to make the right speech .
Please come , we promise nothing will happen ...
That may sound like a wild claim to make of an event already shrouded in defeatism .
This is a party nobody is thrilled to have been asked to .
Ehud Olmert is going because an Israeli prime minister cannot leave an invitation from the White House to curl in the in - tray .
Mahmoud Abbas is going because after losing the Gaza Strip to Hamas he must show that he is still president of Palestine , if only in the eyes of the great powers .
Not even the hosts seem excited .
Condoleezza Rice , America 's secretary of state , is a genuine if late convert to the idea that America can budge things in Palestine .
But the rest of the administration appears to see Annapolis as a way to roll out the customary pieties on Palestine and so make it easier for America to line up its Arab friends against Iran .
Worse still , these modest ambitions have shrivelled as the day has neared ( see article ) .
Plan A was for Mr Olmert and Mr Abbas to talk to one another before Annapolis and make a joint declaration when they arrived .
To give the Palestinians what Ms Rice calls a “ political horizon ” ( ie , hope ) this declaration was supposed to go beyond Mr Bush 's oft - repeated but ephemeral “ vision ” of an independent Palestine and fill in the vital missing detail on borders , refugees and Jerusalem .
But although the two sides have indeed talked in recent weeks they have not bridged their longstanding differences .
That is no surprise .
With Hamas snapping at his heels , it would take immense courage for the timorous Mr Abbas to modify the Palestinians ' mantra : a state on the 1967 borders , a capital in Jerusalem and the “ right ” of the refugees of 60 years ago to return to what is now Israel .
And although Mr Olmert is at least the prime minister of a functioning state , he governs in coalition with men who hate the very idea of an independent Palestine and have worked sedulously to tie his hands .
Polls show that many Israelis long to be rid of the Palestinian territories .
But even they wonder how they can trust Mr Abbas 's ramshackle Palestinian Authority to police a state when it has already lost Gaza to the rocket - firing rejectionists of Hamas and might well lose the West Bank too .
In the absence of a pre-Annapolis meeting of minds , America has therefore moved to Plan B .
There may still be a joint declaration , but it will be vague .
It will pay homage to the principle of two states and recite the relevant , long - ago United Nations resolutions , which both sides know by heart but interpret differently .
The two sides may then promise to sit down together the day after Annapolis to talk about borders , refugees and Jerusalem , with the hope of reaching agreement within a year .
In the meantime , Tony Blair , in his new guise as the UN 's midwife for Palestine , will set out his plans to strengthen the economy and institutions of the West Bank in preparation for the independence that will come , some day .
Are such modest aims worth going to Annapolis for ?
Just about .
If Mr Bush gets the Saudis and Syrians as well as the Egyptians and Jordanians to show support in Maryland , this may boost and embolden Mr Abbas , at least for a while .
If Annapolis leads to economic help and makes Israel free up movement on the West Bank , the life of many Palestinians will improve .
If talks about borders , refugees and Jerusalem really do start right away , this will be a change : Israel previously cited the “ road map ” of 2003 as a reason to pickle final - status negotiations in formaldehyde until the PA uprooted the Palestinian militias .
And if Israel honours its own obligation to freeze settlement in the territories , this may persuade some of the Palestinians who have good reason to doubt it that there will still be room one day for a state of their own .
Plan B , in short , is probably better than nothing .
But if he dares , Mr Bush has it within his power to make Annapolis so much more .
He cannot bring a free Palestine into being at a stroke , or even within the final year of his own presidency .
The Israelis are right to say that the divided Palestinians are in no shape right now to govern a state : at some point Hamas has first to be bullied , bribed or cajoled into accepting Israel 's permanence and joining the peace camp .
But Annapolis does offer Mr Bush the perfect chance to make a speech that could set the Palestinians fair on the path to statehood , and leave America 's next president in a far better position to finish the job .
...unless George W. Solomon turns up too
In this speech Mr Bush needs to set out forthrightly America 's own plan for dividing Palestine .
That would mark an historic change .
In the past — in Madrid in 1991 , for example , and at Camp David in 2000 — the Americans asked the Israelis and Palestinians to thrash out their differences on their own .
But they can't .
The gap is too wide , and even when their respective leaders want to narrow it neither dares move towards the other for fear of the uproar from the ideological bitter - enders at home .
The existence of an American blueprint that commanded international support would , however , immediately transform the political dynamic of both societies , fortifying the moderates and pushing the hardliners to the margins .
Although it would be too much to expect Mr Bush to unfurl a map at Annapolis , he could come quite close .
For a start , he should make it clear that when America talks of a two - state solution , it has in mind a border based on the pre-1967 line .
Three years ago Mr Bush said in a public letter to Ariel Sharon that it would be unrealistic to expect Israel to evacuate all the dense settlement blocks it has planted in the West Bank .
Fine .
But since most settlers live close to the old border , he can now tell Israel that it cannot keep more than a few percentage points — say 5 % or so — of the West Bank , and that it must offer the Palestinians land from its own side in compensation .
On refugees , Mr Bush should say , as Bill Clinton did , that their right to “ return ” should be exercised in the new Palestine and not in pre-1967 Israel : that is a bitter pill but it is the logic of a peace based on partition .
And Israel too must accept a bitter potion : Jerusalem , the beating heart of both peoples , will have to be the capital of both .
If Mr Bush gives this speech , Mr Olmert and Mr Abbas will wax furious .
They might agree with him in their hearts , but if only for domestic political consumption they will have to accuse the American president of setting an ambush , bullying the little guys , prejudging the final - status issues and riding roughshod over the views and rights of the people most directly affected .
These fulminations can be safely ignored .
Israel and the Palestinian territories alike are full of politicians who will tell you knowingly but off the record that only a deal along the lines described above stands the remotest chance of bringing permanent peace .
It is high time the superpower and the rest of the world threw their weight behind such a plan .
The photo - op at Annapolis may be just the place to do it .
We showed you quite a bit of the 9 - inch Eee PC from ASUS yesterday , but they would n't let us turn it on .
Now that CeBIT has officially begun , however , ASUS is lighting up those pixels loud and proud .
ASUS tells us the screen is 1024 x 600 , and it looks to be almost the exact same pixel density as the 7 - inch version .
The computer was being shown in both Linux and Windows XP versions , so it looks like you 'll be able to have your choice of OS when the 9 - incher is released later this year .
Homemade Brown Sugar
I do n’t use brown sugar very often .
Mostly in baking around the holidays .
And without fail that bag of brown sugar I bought months ago turns into a hard brick by the time I get around to baking again .
Would n’t it be nice if you could make your own brown sugar in the quantity you need ?
It ’s easier than you may think .
All it takes is some white sugar ( which we all have sitting in the pantry ) and some molasses that will keep for a good while .
Homemade Brown Sugar
1 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons molasses
Combine both ingredients in a bowl and stir until smooth and sticky .
Makes 1 cup of brown sugar .
This may be used anywhere brown sugar is used .
To double the recipe , use 2 cups of white sugar and 1/4 cup of molasses .
Store any leftovers in a Ziploc bag or jar with a good lid .
This is n’t much cheaper than store - bought brown sugar but is nice to know about in a pinch .
Molasses is reasonably priced and nice to keep around for baking .
I hope this helps you with your holiday baking this year .
To support the blog , check out the HBHW eBooks available on Amazon .
Thank you !
( 2007 TU24 ) Classification : Apollo [ NEO , PHA ] SPK -ID : 3388315
For accurate long - term ephemerides , please instead use our Horizons system .
This orbit viewer was implemented using two - body methods , and hence should not be used for determining accurate long - term trajectories ( over several years or decades ) or planetary encounter circumstances .
w:334.2545545947779,e:.5346860709895253 , epoch:2459000.5,tp:2458739.244638435029 , per:1066.261008736348 , om:127.0045011230292,ad:3.134702177595962,q:.9504358018929487, label:%282007%20TU24%29,i:5.625157183793597
The proposals are part of a strategy on the creative industries Internet service providers must take concrete steps to curb illegal downloads or face legal sanctions , the government has said .
The proposal is aimed at tackling the estimated 6 m UK broadband users who download files illegally every year .
The culture secretary said consultation would begin in spring and legislation could be implemented " by April 2009 " .
Representatives of the recording industry , who blame piracy for a slump in sales , welcomed the proposals .
" ISPs are in a unique position to make a difference and in doing so to reverse a culture of creation - without - reward that has proved so damaging to the whole music community over the last few years , " said John Kennedy , head of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) .
A spokesperson for the Internet Service Provider 's Association ( ISPA ) said that creating appropriate legislation would be very difficult .
" Any scheme has got to be legal , workable and economically sustainable , " the spokesperson told BBC News .
He also said that ISPs were already pursuing self - regulation , which was the government 's preferred route .
Privacy issue " The government has no burning desire to legislate , " Andy Burnham , culture secretary , told the Financial Times .
However , he said that the proposals signalled " a change of tone from the government " .
Its intentions are outlined in a creative industries strategy paper called Creative Britain : New Talents for the New Economy .
The document is a broad ranging paper that sets out government support for the creative industries .
The document commits the government to consulting on anti-piracy legislation this spring " with a view to implementing it by April 2009 " , according to the FT .
" We 're saying we 'll consult on legislation , recognising there are practical questions and legitimate issues , " Mr Burnham told the paper .
In particular , any legislation would have to take account of the 2002 E - Commerce Regulations that define net firms as " conduits " which are not responsible for the contents of the traffic flowing across their networks .
European laws on online privacy could also create problems for any new legislation .
Earlier this year it was reported that the government was considering a " three strikes " approach to tackling persistent offenders in the report .
But Mr Burnham denied this was the case and told the FT that the strategy had " never been in the paper " .
If the government goes ahead , the UK would be one of the first countries to impose sanctions .
" This is a sea - change in attitude and I believe it is now up to governments elsewhere in Europe and further afield to follow their example , " said Mr Kennedy .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bush Says Drug Policy Working
Teens in the 2007 “ Monitoring the Future ” study reported that their use of most drugs either became less frequent or held steady during the previous 12 months .
But researchers noted a gradual increase during the past few years in the number of teenagers using the drug known as ecstasy , following a period of sharp decline .
They said the percentage of students who see “ great risk ” in using ecstasy has gone down in the past few years and theorized that students may be more willing to experiment with ecstasy because of a “ generational forgetting ” of the hazards widely associated with the drug when its usage peaked in the late 1990s .
The 33rd national survey showed the percentage of eighth - graders who had used any illegal drug at least once in the past year fell from 24 percent to 13 percent between 1997 and 2007 .
The percentage of 10th - graders in the same category fell from 39 percent in 1997 to 28 percent this year ; and the percent of 12th - graders using an illicit drug in the past 12 months dropped from 42 percent in 1997 to 36 percent this year .
Now , first things first , I do n’t credit the policies of George W. Bush with a significant decline in drug use .
About the only thing that I can suggest is that teens , hearing the reports of Bush ’s own alleged drug use , might have dissuaded them from using them !
But in reality , there are often wider societal issues involved here , and a president who has spent so much time dealing with war and foreign affairs– not on drug issues– is unlikely to be a huge impact .
But why in the world would this administration crow about the wonderful situation of only 36 % of our 12th - graders using drugs ?
Think about it .
Go to your kid ’s high school graduation .
If the commencement speaker tells you to look at the couple to your left , then the couple to your right , and to note that at least one of your kids has used drugs , would you consider that a comforting fact ?
Of course , some will suggest that for most of them , it ’s simply marijuana , which many to be fairly innocuous .
But at the same time , nearly 20 % of 12th - graders have tried a harder drug than pot in the last year .
There are companies that can help with drug rehabilitation and are specially trained to deal with teenagers and drugs , as they have used drug rehab seo citations to get their name out there so that vulnerable people can easily find them on the web and contact them for guidance .
At the same time , the study suggests that availability of some of the more popular drugs ( marijuana , ecstasy , cocaine , “ other hallucinogens ” – which I understand likely means shrooms ) is roughly equal to levels seen in 1997 .
Even though something similar to these psilocybin canada mushrooms have hallucinogenic properties , it is known that if you micro- dose these products , i.e. taking them in smaller amounts , that they could influence your mind in a positive way .
This involves being able to aid with any anxiety , as well as helping you to feel more relaxed and calm .
These drugs , in particular , may be able to help people with their health and wellness if taken in the right way .
These drugs are n’t harder to get , which is something that might indicate a win in the War on ( some ) Drugs .
This is why it is so important to help someone who is going through a drug detox , due to the fact that it is now so easy to get your hands on the stuff .
Is this anything other than an indication that the War on ( some ) Drugs is not only a failure , but is such a glaring failure that we need to try something new ?
At the very least , it ’s not a day that Bush should be standing in a tie - dyed t- shirt before a bright - colored “ mission accomplished ” banner talking about how much improvement he ’s making .
Perhaps Facebook , MySpace and Twitter are just too public for the discerning media executive - because the Financial Times is entering social networking with an exclusive , membership - only alternative costing up to £ 2,000 a year .
While the FT media and technology executive membership forum aims to enable senior executives to " maintain contact with peers and luminaries operating within the digital , new media , mobile and telecoms sectors " , it is also a marketing tool for the paper 's events and conferences .
Membership includes free attendance at any one FT Global conference plus 20 % off subsequent events , face - to - face members ' networking events and a 12 - month premium subscription to FT.com .
Networking that is described as " user - friendly , simple , efficient and secure " enables members to " search for and make unlimited private contact with fellow members - including leading industry figures such as conference speakers and editorial figures from the FT " .
Similar offerings are planned for the luxury goods and property sectors later this year .
" Busy executives in the media and technology industries are increasingly networking , communicating and connecting online and the launch ... provides a highly targeted network where executives from these fast - moving industries can connect and share their knowledge , " said Jayne van Hoen , FT conference director .
( CNN ) -- Australian authorities said Thursday that a customs vessel would pick up two activists currently aboard a Japanese whaler in Antarctic waters , news reports said .
The reports came as an anti-whaling group accused the crew of a Japanese vessel of kidnapping two activists who climbed on board the ship to try to stop its whaling operations in the Southern Ocean .
The incident caused Japan to contact the Australian government to help arrange the return of the two activists , The Associated Press reported .
Australian citizen Benjamin Potts and British citizen Giles Lane -- both members of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society -- came on board the Yushin Maru No. 2 on Tuesday .
They tried to deliver a letter saying the vessel was violating international law and Australian law by killing whales .
A video from Sea Shepherd shows the two men tied to the ship 's railing at one point while Japanese fishermen pace back and forth in front of them .
" They were seized by the crew and assaulted , " said Capt .
Paul Watson , founder of Sea Shepherd .
" They 're being held hostage , they 've been kidnapped and the Japanese are trying to use them to try and extort an agreement out of us , which is to leave them alone ... which to me is a form of terrorism . "
Watch Watson describe the incident »
But the Japanese Fisheries Agency charged that the Sea Shepherd members were the terrorists .
Do n't Miss
The agency released pictures of broken bottles it claims the activists threw at the ship .
It also showed a photo of the two men relaxing and drinking tea aboard the Yushin Maru .
Still , the image of the two men tied to the ship 's railing is the one that has caused concern , leading to a call from the Australian government for the men 's immediate release .
" For some time , for 10 , 15 minutes , I understand , they were tied to a GPS mast , " Tomohiko Taniguchi of Japan 's Foreign Ministry told CNN .
" The Japanese crew members feared that two crew members from Sea Shepherd might do something violent . "
Potts and Lane boarded the vessel without permission , he said .
Watson countered the two boarded only after attempts to contact the ship by radio were unsuccessful .
Japan 's Foreign Ministry said it spent most of Wednesday trying to get the men released , but that Sea Shepherd was not answering its phone calls .
Sea Shepherd , meanwhile , told CNN it has not received a call from the Japanese government .
The impasse has led Tokyo to contact Australian authorities for assistance .
" It has become apparent that it will be impossible to hand the two trespassers back directly to Sea Shepherd , so our only option at this point is to make contact with another ship such as the customs vessel Australia dispatched , " said Hideki Moronuki , a spokesman for the Japanese Fisheries Agency 's whaling section , said in an AP report .
Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said in an AP report that Canberra officials were considering the customs ship Oceanic Viking as a means of transferring the two activists .
Japan has been hunting whales in the Antarctic and apparently plans to kill as many as 1,000 this winter .
The killings are allowed under international law because their main purpose is scientific .
" We regard them as poachers , " Watson said .
Sea Shepherd claims Japan 's Institute for Cetacean Research -- which is backing the operations -- has said it will release the two activists if Sea Shepherd agrees to stop interfering in its whaling operations .
The group says it will not agree to that demand .
The Sea Shepherd vessel , the Steve Irwin , was no longer in sight or radar range of the Yushin Maru No. 2 on Wednesday , the group said in a statement .
" The good news is they have n't killed any whales for a week , " Watson told CNN .
E-mail to a friend
CNN Correspondent Kyung Lah contributed to this report .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About International Whaling Commission
ANNOUNCE : If you are an Adwords user , The IETester team is proud to announce its new tool : SunnyReports , a simple and efficient Adwords reporting tools
More than
6 million
downloads .
IETester is free .
To support the project
you can make a donation : or you can translate it .
IETester is a free ( both for personal and professional usage ) WebBrowser that allows you to have the rendering and javascript engines of IE11 , IE10 , IE9 , IE8 , IE7 IE 6 and IE5.5 on Windows 8 desktop , Windows 7 , Vista and XP , as well as the installed IE in the same process .
This is an alpha release , so feel free to post comments / bugs on the IETester forum .
Requirement : Windows 8 desktop , Windows 7 , Windows Vista or Windows XP with IE7 minimum ( Windows XP / IE6 config has some problems and IE8 instance do not work under XP without IE7 )
Note for IE10 : IE10 is not available on IETester if it is not the default IE version installed on the system .
So IE10 is only available on Windows 8 machines .
( IETester v0.5.4 zipped installer for people unable to download . exe files due to proxy limitations )
( You can download previous versions from the ChangeLog page )
Known problems and limitations :
The Previous / Next buttons are not working properly
Focus is not working properly
javascript " alert " and " confirm " methods are not working
The input type file is not working ( the file selection dialog does not open )
Java applets are not working
Flash is not working on IE6 instance in user mode : A solution is to launch IETester as admin user and Flash will work .
CSS Filters are not working correctly in user mode :
A solution is to launch IETester as admin user and CSS Filters will work .
windows .open does not return the newly created window but null ( IETester limitation )
External ressources :
And Easy Install will go to the Cheeseshop and grab the last pycha for you .
If will also install it for you at no extra cost :-)
Pycha is distributed as a Python Egg so is quite easy to install .
You just need to type the following command :
Put the Cairo dlls inside the pycairo directory inside your site - packages directory or anywhere in your path .
You can find the dlls at http://www.gimp.org/%7Etml/gimp/win32/downloads.html
Go there and download the following packages :
Install it in your Python environment ( just follow the installation program instructions )
Grab the latest PyCairo Windows installer from http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/GNOME/binaries/win32/pycairo/
You need to use the one that matches your Python version so take the one ending in - py2.4.exe for Python 2.4 or the one ending in - py2.5.exe for Python 2.5
Pycha needs PyCairo to works since it uses the Cairo graphics library .
If you use Linux you will probably already have it installed so you do n’t have to do anything .
If you use Windows these are the recommended steps for installing PyCairo :
Using pycha is quite simple .
You always follow the same 5 simple steps :
Create a Cairo surface to draw the chart on Build a list of data sets from which your chart will be created Customize the chart options .
Create the chart , add the datasets and render it Save the results into a file or do whatever you want with the Cairo surface
To create the Cairo surface you just need to say the type of surface and its dimensions :
import cairo width , height = ( 500 , 400 ) surface = cairo.ImageSurface(cairo.FORMAT_ARGB32 , width , height )
Then you should create your data set querying a database or any other data source :
dataSet = ( ( ' dataSet 1 ' , ( ( 0 , 1 ) , ( 1 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 2.5 ) ) ) , ( ' dataSet 2 ' , ( ( 0 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 3 ) ) ) , ( ' dataSet 3 ' , ( ( 0 , 5 ) , ( 1 , 1 ) , ( 2 , 0.5 ) ) ) , )
As you can see , each data set is a tuple where the first element is the name of the data set and the second is another tuple composed by points .
Each point is a two - elements tuple , the first one is the x value and the second the y value .
Not every chart uses all the information of a data set .
For example , the Pie chart only uses the first point of each dataset and it only uses the y value of the point .
Now you may want to specify some options so the chart can be customize changing its defaults values .
To see the defaults you can check the pycha.chart .
Chart.__init__ method in the source code .
You can use regular dictionaries to define your options .
For example , imagine you want to hide the legend and use a different color for the background :
options = { ' legend ' : {' hide ' : True} , ' background ' : {' color ' : '# f0f0 f0'} , }
Now we are ready to instantiate the chart , add the data set and render it :
chart = pycha.bar.VerticalBarChart( surface , options ) chart.addDataset(dataSet ) chart.render ( )
Right now you can choose among 4 different kind of charts :
Pie Charts ( picha.pie.PieChart )
Vertical Bar Charts ( picha.bar.VerticalBarChart )
Horizontal Bar Charts ( picha.bar.HorizontalBarChart )
Line Charts ( picha.bar.LineChart )
Finally you can write the surface to a graphic file or anything you want using the cairo library :
surface.write_to_png('output.png ')
That ’s it !
You can see more examples in the examples directory of the source code .
... an Internet application that helps anybody build amazing online forms .
When you design a form with Wufoo , it automatically builds the database , back - end and scripts needed to make collecting and understanding your data easy , fast and fun .
Because we host everything , all you need is a browser , an Internet connection and a few minutes to build a form and start using it right away . "
I have been using Wufoo free of charge for about a year now and have been a satisfied user .
It was n't until last week when I had my first little hiccup that I realized how awesome this web app really is .
In case you do n't know about Wufoo it is :
If you need anything from a contact form to an online survey , Wufoo is a wonderful solution that drops right into your site adapting seamlessly to your design .
Their product , however is not what prompted me to write this post .
After having a few e-mails get lost in the shuffle I decided to submit a support request .
I described my problem and made it to the bottom of the form fields to find something very interesting : they wanted to know my " Emotional State " .
I clicked on the drop down and asked myself " HowI feel about this ? " , a question I overlooked asking myself earlier in the pending situation .
As I scanned the drop - down menu this conversation with myself raced through my head :
" No I am not excited .
I am delightfully distracted by the Dino in the upper right hand corner of their site , but not excited about this situation .
" Rarrr ! " Cute .
Confused ?
No , I am certain there is a problem .
I troubleshot every possibility on my end and I know there is nothing I can do .
Worried ?
Well , concerned .
What if there is an important e-mail .
I know the Chief of Staff has nothing important to talk to me about , but what if someone important like Dooce wants to get in touch with me .
Oh , that is concerning .
Upset ?
If I have missed something urgent in my e-mail box I will feel upset .
Panicked ?
No ,
There must be a solution .
Angry ?
Of course not .
I have been using this service for free for a whole year , how can I really be angry ?
Worried , Hmph .
I am surprisingly worried about this situation . "
As I made my selection and moved the curser to hit the submit button a feeling washed over me that was unlike anything I had ever felt with a webservice online .
I felt like they cared .
I felt confident that my problem would be solved .
I felt like I was contacting PEOPLE who have beating hearts , and families , who had felt worried about their missing contact e-mails too .
How very humane of them !
Shortly after this experience my problem was resolved with a giant clump of e-mails to my box and all was right in the world again .
Now here I am , blogging about an incident that could have gone downhill very quickly but was positively effected by a detail in their User Interface .
A drop down menu that ignores corporate jargon , came to terms with the fact there may actually be a flaw insystem , and inquired about my emotional state .
Imagine if Comcast asked you how you were feeling when your cable went out .
Would you think before verbally attacking that poor overworked repair guy ?
I would love to see a Health Insurance provider have an emotional state Check - in as part of their interface .
Imagine feeling like someone actually wanted to help you .
Why are humane details like this so often ignored online ?
I challenge UI designers and Information architects to consider this more often and maybe even track the satisfaction of their customers .
As Naz Hamid said at SXSW , " Design is in the Details " .
In 1981 the iconic BBC Micro computer was unleashed on the public .
As a new exhibition at the London Science Museum that explores its legacy is announced , games developer David Braben looks back at its role in UK computing .
Almost 1.5 million BBC
Micro machines were eventually sold How different people 's perceptions of computers were back at the start of the 1980s ; it seems incredible to believe now , but computers were fashionable back then .
Endless hours were wasted by many , fruitlessly typing in improbably long programs from magazines only to end in disappointment when their program did n't work .
More hours were frittered away listening to a cassette recorder connected to a BBC Micro or Spectrum as it screeched out a noise not unlike a number of fingernails being scraped across a blackboard in unison - to load a program that would be smaller in data size than an email today .
But it was great , and we all greedily lapped up these indignities so that we could play the numerous different versions of Space Invaders and Pacman in our own homes .
Hello , hello , hello
We were all expected to program these little machines too .
They all came with a computer language called BASIC and tutorials showing how to write programs were provided with the machines .
Few progressed much beyond programs that said " HELLO " thousands of time on the screen , and gradually this started the simmering resentment that has all but killed off the burgeoning creative spirit of learning at the time that drew many people into writing software .
The rise of terms like ' geek ' and ' nerd ' by the dullards who were afraid to try , guaranteed that later generations would be embarrassed to be seen programming in their spare time .
The BBC Micro and its competitors created a generation of software experts here in the UK
David Braben
Gone now , are the days of the bedroom programmer .
This has a real impact today , with entrants to University courses in Computer Science , Maths and Physics at the lowest level they have been for decades .
The BBC Micro was the desirable gadget of its day .
We may look back at it and gasp at the simplicity of it ; mock the statistics like 16 K of memory ( expandable to 32 K ) , or the 2 Mhz speed of the processor , but it was this very simplicity that was its charm .
It was easy to program , easy to understand , and so the perfect way to learn .
I look back on it ( and its earlier stable - mate the Acorn Atom ) fondly because of this simplicity .
You felt that you could n't break it by doing something stupid - you simply pressed the BREAK key to reset it and all was fine again merely a second later , which encouraged experimentation .
Come again
In comparison , modern PCs are fragile - it is so easy to do something by accident that takes a lot of knowledge to recover from .
I suppose the nearest equivalent today is the iPhone in terms of the difficult - to - explain desirability ; perhaps we will be looking back dewy eyed at the iPhone in a few decades time .
I was lucky enough to be one of those people that cut their programming teeth during these heady days , and I am forever grateful for it .
David Braben was one of the co-developers of Elite
It was the start of the Thatcher decade ; clearly a mixed blessing , but it was also a time when learning was celebrated rather than criticised , and for me the BBC Micro is the symbol of this , and the fact that the august BBC were part of this process , together with a series of TV programmes was fantastic .
In comparison , today 's celebration of the mundane through the sound - bite culture of instant gratification is hateful .
Nothing worthwhile is easy , but requires a significant investment of time .
The BBC Micro and its competitors created a generation of software experts here in the UK , and a powerful industry arose from it - a real British success story .
Until recently the UK games sector was third in the world .
It is now fourth after Canada , still with a strong balance of trade , but we need to halt this exodus .
It would be great to see the spirit of the BBC Micro live on today ; perhaps the excitement of being part of perhaps the most important entertainment sector of the future can be used to entice students into Computer Science , Physics and Maths ?
This is something I really care about , and you never know ; it may just happen .
David Braben , along with Ian Bell , co wrote Elite - the most successful game made for the BBC Micro .
He is currently Chairman of Frontier Developments .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
01 February 2008
Once upon a time , Adrian Thompson accidentally created a magical artifact .
He used a genetic algorithm to evolve a FPGA circuit that would distinguish between signals of two frequencies .
The winning specimen was pretty unlikely : it worked on that chip only , and only at certain temperatures .
It contained circuits that were not connected to the others , but when he turned those off the damned thing stopped working .
The neighboring gates depended on that extra bit of inductance , which varied with a slight flaw in another gate ... maybe .
No one really knows .
Once upon a time , a small group of hackers evolved a piece of software .
They focused so much on doing more with less that they themselves became crucial parts of the implementation :
Leo took over ops because he stayed late to avoid traffic anyway .
These support emails routed to Bianca because she spoke Spanish and Portuguese .
Tatiana had a nicer touch with angry customers .
Carlos had the pager because he 's good at troubleshooting .
Tom made the changes to the template parser because Tom 's the genius who wrote it .
The bug tracking system was a whiteboard .
Every little detail seemed to depend on some idiosyncrasy of the people or their environment .
It worked -- somehow .
Every startup is a freak accident .
This is why I think Jaron Lanier 's bomb - throwing about closed - versus open - source is off - target .
When you 're talking about the potential for " radical creativity " in a program , it does n't matter how many people are allowed to read the source code , but how many are required to understand it .
Having too many junior hackers on your source tree is just as bad as too many customers pestering you about compatibility .
The fundamental difference between the first two systems and the ones that come out of large organizations is that there was no difference between design and implementation .
Enterprise code is designed , vetted , reviewed , implemented , deployed , life - cycled , etc .
The purpose is to have no irreplaceable parts .
On the other hand , the magic chip and the startup were evolved as fast as possible in a way that could never be exactly repeated .
A funny thing : when an enterprizey programmer and an alpha - hacker look at each other 's code , the same thought occurs for different reasons : " How do they get away with this crap ? "
The documentation is the code , alpha - hackers say .
Do n't you see that you 're writing your programs in PowerPoint ?
The process gurus grumble darkly about heroics , maintainability , knowledge transfer , bus accidents .
The enterprizey people regard design as something that must be as separate as possible from the expression - as - code .
How else can it be maintained by anyone ?
Take away Tom and the thing no longer works .
True , but if enterprizey was always better , BigCo would n't get their lunch eaten by wittle bitty startups .
This schism is most sharp when a big company eats a little one .
Most startup acquisitions play out like a spider dissecting a fly : gruesomely impersonal and tedious .
You just can't get over the mental image of that fat spider pick pick picking away at a violated husk .
Yahoo's epic rewrite of RTML , its painful digestion of my company 's system , and that poor bastard trying to understand his magical chip are all the same phenomenon .
There are bits that work only there & then , bits that may be impossible for an outsider to grok completely , bits that even the same people would do differently now .
Bumped .
Today 's the day , folks .
Rumor is that McCain will not be on the floor this afternoon , but we can't trust rumor .
We need to flip three of the Dem Senators listed below , all of whom voted with the Republicans to table the Judiciary version of the bill .
Put the pressure on them .
mcjoan
Jane breaks the great news that Senator Clinton will be on the floor tomorrow to vote against McConnell 's cloture vote on the Intelligence Committee 's pro-telco amnesty FISA bill .
Beating this vote is critical , and good for Clinton for taking the time out of the campaign to do her current job .
The Obama campaign has n't yet said if he will be there , too , though he is scheduled to have a fundraiser in DC at 4:00 .
[ Update :
That was fast !
Jane is now reporting that Obama will be there to vote no , too .
This is great news .
Thank you , Senators , for listening to us , and in turn , sending this critical message . ]
This is good news for keeping this fight going , and good news for us .
Citizen action , our pressure , is making a difference .
The massive push back from the left has actually succeeded in throwing a monkey wrench into the works .
That 's not yet an out and out win , but it 's movement in the right direction .
Defeating this cloture vote is more movement .
Forcing either a short - term extension of the PAA , or letting the bill lapse all together buys more time , and more opportunity , as Glenn explains .
Even just a two - week or one - month extension will allow more time to marshall the opposition to telecom immunity and a new FISA bill and to do what 's possible to encourage the House to stand firm behind their bill -- in exactly the way that the Dodd Delay in December prevented quick and easy resolution .
The longer this drags on without resolution , the more possible it is to push the opposition to a tipping point , and sometimes unexpected developments or even some luck ( such as McConnell 's overplaying his hand on Thursday ) can prevent it all from happening .
As the events of the last two months demonstrate , if citizen opposition is channeled the right way , it can make a genuine difference in affecting the course of events in Washington .
Defeating telecom immunity will keep alive the lawsuits that will almost certainly reveal to some extent what the Government did in illegally spying on Americans over the last six years or , at the very least , produce a judicial adjudication as to its illegality .
And , in turn , the effects from that could be extremely significant .
Because victories are so rare , it 's easy to get lulled into believing that none of these campaigns are ever effective and that citizens can never affect any of it , which is precisely why it 's so important to remind ourselves periodically of how untrue that proposition is .
So keep pushing , clear up until 4:30 tomorrow afternoon , EST .
The Senators we need to convince of this are those who voted with the Republicans to table the Leahy substitute amendment , the version of the bill that contained all of those protections , and did n't allow telco amnesty .
One of them , Rockefeller , has already said he 'll vote no on cloture .
Call the rest of the Senators and tell them to stand with their majority on Monday 's cloture vote and vote no .
Bayh ( 202 ) 224-5623
Carper ( 202 ) 224-2441
Inouye ( 202 ) 224-3934
Johnson ( 202 ) 224-5842
Landrieu ( 202)224-5824
McCaskill ( 202 ) 224-6154
Mikulski ( 202 ) 224-4654
Nelson ( FL ) ( 202 ) 224-5274
Nelson ( NE ) ( 202 ) 224-6551
Pryor ( 202 ) 224-2353
Salazar ( 202 ) 224-5852
In addition , call or e-mail your own Senators .
Both CREDO and EFF have great tools to make it easy .
Anyone interested must first register at www.flexpetz.com before meeting Mr. Haddix .
“ I ask them a lot of questions , ” he said .
“ I want to know if they have ever owned a dog , why they ca n’t own a dog full time , how renting a dog benefits them , stuff like that . ”
If the head office in San Diego gives the go - ahead , there is a mandatory one - hour training session on handling and training .
Then members can choose one of the dogs pictured on the Web site for rental .
Mr. Haddix said his customers were a mixed bunch .
“ There are people from other states and other countries who could n’t take their dogs with them when they were transplanted to New York , ” he said , “ and there are families with small children who enjoy taking these dogs on vacation with them .
“ There are also people who live in places that do not allow pets , and a lot of single people who would n’t mind just hanging out with a pal every now and then .
There are all sorts of reasons for renting dogs , ” said Mr. Haddix , who is studying for a master ’s degree in philosophy at the New School for Social Research when he is not studying the qualifications of prospective renters .
Mr. Haddix noted that big dogs are rented out on the West Coast , where the dogs generally have more room to roam , and smaller dogs are rented in New York , where , as he put it , “ many people live in apartments the size of coat closets . ”
Stacy Faulkner , 39 , is a Flexpetz client in San Diego .
She has been married for 10 years and does not have children , she said , so “ renting a dog can really fill a void . ”
Two years ago , her 10 ½- year - old Rottweiler , Kaya , died .
“ When you do n’t have kids , ” Mrs. Faulkner explained , “ your animals are like your own children , or a new best friend . ”
Your printer ( TGW ) - Konarka Technologies has successfully conducted the first ever demonstration of manufacturing solar cells by highly efficient inkjet printing .
This method of printing solar cells is extremely cheap because it relies on existing inkjet printer technology .
The substrate which is printed on is simply a lightweight , cheap , flexible plastic , in a process similar to newspaper printing .
Also , Konarka solar cells can utilize a wider range of the light spectrum the conventional solar cells .
Via :: Press Release
Randeep Ramesh travels to McLeod Ganj and finds that the Dalai Lama 's commitment to peace is being tested - both by China and by Tibetans who want decisive action in the face of escalating violence
When the Dalai Lama sat down yesterday with Richard Gere and Robert Thurman , father of actor Uma and US professor of Buddhism , it was supposed to be for a few hours contemplating sacred art and silent meditation .
But with Chinese troops smothering the protests in Tibet with brutal ease , the 14th Dalai Lama , an incarnation of Avalokitesvara , the Buddha of Compassion , found himself pondering not celestial peace but bloody violence .
Like almost everything the 72 - year - old does , who he meets and what he says in his lopsided English are picked over and pulled apart .
Gere and Thurman founded Tibet House , in New York 's hip Upper West Side , which serves as a cultural mission for the ' occupied ' nation of Tibet .
Their headline - grabbing appearance will no doubt deepen suspicions in Beijing that yesterday 's event at the Delhi Foundation for Universal Responsibility was politics masquerading as religion .
On Friday , one of China 's bitterest critics , Nancy Pelosi , Speaker of the US House of Representatives , descended the steps of the main temple at the home of the Dalai Lama in McLeod Ganj , in the foothills of the Indian Himalayas , hand - in - hand with the Tibetan spiritual leader and blasted Beijing .
Pelosi , who unfurled a pro-democracy banner in Tiananmen Square in 1991 on an official visit , infuriated the Chinese government with a call on all ' freedom - loving people ' to denounce the communist regime , which has grown edgier about international pressure on Tibet ahead of the Beijing Olympics .
Although he describes himself as a ' simple Buddhist monk ' , last week 's events in the Tibetan plateau have underlined the Dalai Lama 's importance as a symbol of peaceful protests and a struggle for cultural freedom .
For Tibetans , he is the Ocean of Wisdom , a god-king who engenders intense devotion - his name was chanted repeatedly by protesters across the roof of the world .
Chinese officials have a different view , one rooted in the feeling that the Dalai Lama has used his moral and religious authority to destabilise Tibet .
In an extraordinarily vituperative attack , state - run media said that the Chinese leadership is engaged in a ' life and death struggle ' with the Dalai Lama , who is 'a wolf in a monk 's robe , a monster with a human face but the heart of a beast ' .
To anyone standing in McLeod Ganj , a British Raj hill station above Dharamsala last week , where he has lived in exile since 1959 , the rhetoric seems faintly absurd - a Chinese dragon scared by a mouse that prayed .
The Dalai Lama 's base of power is a former British cantonment compound that now consists of a concrete monastery , a temple and a long yellow bungalow called the Heavenly Abode .
It is a far cry from his former home , Lhasa 's Potala Palace , which sprawls across more than 1,000 rooms and 13 storeys .
Supporters say that his private office has just ' half a dozen ' full - time officials .
Every year hundreds of Tibetans risk bullets , imprisonment , frostbite and hypothermia to escape through Nepal to the Dalai Lama 's home in exile .
Last week one monk from Tibet said he had made the perilous journey because he wanted to see ' the god before he left the Earth ' .
' Chinese should get out of Tibet , we do n't like them .
They are murdering our culture .
The Dalai Lama is proof we are not Chinese , ' said Ruchun , a 31 - year - old Tibetan monk from China 's Gansu province , on one of the daily protest marches in McLeod Ganj last week .
Another reason the Chinese government so loathes the Dalai Lama is his considerable political influence .
He is regularly named alongside Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi in the pantheon of great modern - day apostles of non-violence .
But his fame as a Nobel laureate and backing from Hollywood has produced little concrete benefit - the most visible sign in McLeod Ganj is the town 's only public lavatory , paid for by Richard Gere .
No country recognises his ' government in exile ' , which runs from a series of ageing wooden chalets and yellow concrete offices .
The Central Tibetan Administration runs schools , health services , cultural activities and economic development projects for India 's 130,000 - strong exiled Tibetan community .
Sitting under snowcapped mountains , the government in exile remains a potent image for Tibetans .
But turning up at the department of information is an underwhelming experience .
The government 's revenues , generated from donations and a small levy on Tibetans in India , is thought to be about $ 20 m ( £ 10 m ) .
The New York Tibet Fund disburses another $ 3 m a year , which the Chinese media consider a front for the US government because part of the funding comes from the State Department .
In this Buddhist version of David versus Goliath , the Dalai Lama 's strategy has been to hug his giant adversary into agreement .
The spiritual leader has kept his requests modest and is ready to accept Chinese sovereignty in exchange for genuine autonomy .
He refuses to back the call for international sanctions such as those imposed when Burma suppressed pro-democracy protests last year , or a boycott of this summer 's Olympics .
Perhaps this softly - softly approach can be explained by the growing middle - class Chinese interest in spirituality .
Like other religions , Tibetan Buddhism is gaining new adherents in China and the Dalai Lama sees a potential huge congregation in the Chinese mainland , even from within the Communist Party .
' Every Chinese from mainland China we meet always says " Please do n't forget us , come to China , help us " . '
This may explain why , even as Chinese troops flooded into the Tibetan plateau , the Dalai Lama said he was prepared to meet with Beijing 's top leadership , including Hu Jintao , China 's President , who as regional Communist Party boss oversaw a bloody repression of Tibetan protests in 1989 .
But such apparent timidity has drawn fire from Tibetan groups who say it is time to seize the moment and press ahead with an aggressive stance on complete independence .
These groups say the talks are just a ploy to subdue resistance to their rule and wait for his holiness 's death .
' The Dalai Lama dropped his calls for independence in 1979 after Deng Xiaoping offered talks in return .
But we have had six rounds and got nothing in return .
That is why we agree to disagree with his holiness and call for complete independence , ' said Dhondup Ladhar , the 31 - year - old general secretary of the Tibetan Youth Congress , who left Tibet after five members of his family were killed during the 1989 uprising .
' I knew nothing of our history , our culture .
The communists just brainwash us at school .
That is why we cannot live with them . '
Others say that , for all his supposed spiritual wisdom , the Dalai Lama is a ' poor and poorly advised political strategist ' .
' The Dalai Lama should have closed down the Hollywood strategy a decade ago and focused on back - channel diplomacy with Beijing ...
Sending his envoys to talk about talks with the Chinese while simultaneously encouraging the global pro-Tibet lobby has achieved nothing , ' wrote Patrick French , author of Tibet , Tibet , in the New York Times
Demonstrating a deft political touch with journalists last week , the Dalai Lama defended his strategy to talk - characteristically praising the gods of Chinese communism , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping , while decrying the moral deficit of emerging Chinese power .
The Tibetan leader described Chairman Mao , whom he met sereval times in the 1950s , as a ' very gentle , calm person ' who was a ' great revolutionary .
I was so convinced by him .
I wanted to join the Communist Party ... but power spoilt him .
China today needs moral authority to be a genuine superpower .
It should be an open society .
If six million Tibetans remain separate , [ China ] will always remain weak . '
· Hundreds of campaigners , including many Tibetans living in exile in the UK , marched through central London yesterday in a demonstration against China 's crackdown on protests .
bogey7806
join:2004-03-19
Here bogey7806
Member horrible way to average
It does n't take into account existing facilities co-opted by Verizon and the asymmetrical way they 've deployed FiOS .
If they go with 150bn as their budgeted amount they 'll bust it before they get anywhere near 100 % done .
RadioDoc
join:2000-05-11
La Grange , IL RadioDoc Re : horrible way to average
And besides , you can't buy votes with broadband ...
factchecker
@cox.net factchecker to bogey7806
Anon to bogey 7806
This article is one of those , " Hey look at what I figured out on the back of a napkin during lunch " kind of articles .
You are absolutely correct that using Verizon 's numbers are erroneous .
Verizon 's average cost per subscriber to install is also , in large part , due to the fact that most of the deployment is being done in cities .
Pulling off the same thing in a rural or suburban area would certainly cost more per subscriber .
It just further illustrates how people abuse averages because they do n't realize that averages come with limitations on their usefulness .
RadioDoc
join:2000-05-11
La Grange , IL RadioDoc
Re : horrible way to average said by factchecker :
This article is one of those , " Hey look at what I figured out on the back of a napkin during happy hour " kind of articles .
There ... more accurate .
There ... more accurate .
factchecker
@cox.net factchecker Anon Re : horrible way to average said by RadioDoc :
said by factchecker :
This article is one of those , " Hey look at what I figured out on the back of a napkin during happy hour " kind of articles .
There ... more accurate .
There ... more accurate .
Indeed ...
Thanks .
disc
join:2005-12-31
Raleigh , NC disc to bogey 7806
Member to bogey7806
said by bogey7806 :
It does n't take into account existing facilities co-opted by Verizon and the asymmetrical way they 've deployed FiOS .
If they go with 150bn as their budgeted amount they 'll bust it before they get anywhere near 100 % done .
It does n't take into account existing facilities co-opted by Verizon and the asymmetrical way they 've deployed FiOS .
If they go with 150bn as their budgeted amount they 'll bust it before they get anywhere near 100 % done .
If anything , this article is erring on the high side , since it assumes every home passed would be a home connected , which is not going to be the case .
So somebody could come up with a lower estimate using the splits from Verizon 's numbers on their costs on a homes - passed basis vs home - connected basis .
Verizon 's numbers from a year ago are consistent with what this article tallies as $ 1500 per home connected .
Rural is going to be more expensive , but these numbers are certainly representative of suburban .
If anything , this article is erring on the high side , since it assumes every home passed would be a home connected , which is not going to be the case .
So somebody could come up with a lower estimate using the splits from Verizon 's numbers on their costs on a homes - passed basis vs home - connected basis .
bogey7806
join:2004-03-19
Here bogey7806 Member Re : horrible way to average Erring on the high side ?
Hope does n't displace reality .
disc
join:2005-12-31
Raleigh , NC disc Member Re : horrible way to average said by bogey7806 :
Erring on the high side ?
Hope does n't displace reality .
Erring on the high side ?
Hope does n't displace reality .
Verizon uses the splits / methodology I just described when communicating with their financial analysts .
If it 's just make believe , I 'm sure the financial analysts would love to know about it .
bogey7806
join:2004-03-19
Here bogey7806 Member Re : horrible way to average
You 're neglecting all inherit costs that Verizon does n't have to factor in .
Yea , you ran fiber to every house ... where ya gonna connect it to ?
Who are you going to get to maintain it ?
Etc etc ....
Anyone who thinks the math is solid is seriously bad with numbers .
disc
join:2005-12-31
Raleigh , NC disc Member Re : horrible way to average said by bogey7806 :
You 're neglecting all inherit costs that Verizon does n't have to factor in .
Yea , you ran fiber to every house ... where ya gonna connect it to ?
Who are you going to get to maintain it ?
Etc etc ....
Anyone who thinks the math is solid is seriously bad with numbers .
You 're neglecting all inherit costs that Verizon does n't have to factor in .
Yea , you ran fiber to every house ... where ya gonna connect it to ?
Who are you going to get to maintain it ?
Etc etc ....
Anyone who thinks the math is solid is seriously bad with numbers .
If you want math that focuses on the critical costs , this is the right math .
The hurdle to investment is the FTTH investment itself .
That 's what 's making the carriers blanch .
They'd be happy if it was otherwise just the " inherent " costs you mention .
bogey7806
join:2004-03-19
Here bogey7806 Member Re : horrible way to average
No , the carriers are nervous with what they already see .
What the hack with a calculator failed to see is the other 70 % of the iceberg when he thought his calculations through .
So you run FTTH and neglect everything else that the carriers take for granted .
Congratulations you 've wasted $ 150 bn unless others step up and throw in an equal amount to finish the job .
disc
join:2005-12-31
Raleigh , NC disc Member Re : horrible way to average said by bogey7806 :
No , the carriers are nervous with what they already see .
What the hack with a calculator failed to see is the other 70 % of the iceberg when he thought his calculations through .
So you run FTTH and neglect everything else that the carriers take for granted .
Congratulations you 've wasted $ 150 bn unless others step up and throw in an equal amount to finish the job .
No , the carriers are nervous with what they already see .
What the hack with a calculator failed to see is the other 70 % of the iceberg when he thought his calculations through .
So you run FTTH and neglect everything else that the carriers take for granted .
Congratulations you 've wasted $ 150 bn unless others step up and throw in an equal amount to finish the job .
Were the industry to end up with FTTH landing in their laps , there would by plenty of players willing to step up to that and spend the additional money needed to make money from it .
They would even be willing to compete for a piece of that action through some kind of auction .
Not all that different than buying up spectrum at auction .
whocares0
Premium Member
join:2003-07-26
.. whocares0 Premium Member I would preferr to have the FIBER for all because
1 , While the ck/rebate would be nice it is a 1 time thing ,
while fiber would be used all year .
2 , even Cnn this morning used an expression about out or national debt , ( that was started in the senate )
not saying our nat'l debt was millions of dollars , nor Billions of dollars , but now the snate is saying our national debt is with this proposal , it would skyrocket into the " " TRILLIONS " of dollars .
jazzy1120
heels_fan
1.20.09
The start of Socialism
Premium Member
join:2003-02-07
Columbia , TN heels_fan Premium Member Re : I would preferr
The Outstanding Public Debt as of 04 Feb 2008 at 02:41:02 PM
GMT is
$ 9,243,532,400,444.54
And has continued to go at a rate of $ 1.5 Billion dollars a day since Sept 29 , 2006
»www.brillig.com/debt_clock/
The national debt has been in the trillions of dollars .
for instance , going back to 2006 , it was 8.3 Trillion dollarsThe Outstanding Public Debt as of 04 Feb 2008 at 02:41:02 PM GMT is $9,243,532,400,444.54
And has continued to go at a rate of $ 1.5 Billion dollars a day since Sept 29 , 2006
dez_nutz
join:2007-02-21
Arab , AL dez_nutz Member Re : I would preferr
The national debt has been in the trillions since the late 80s .
I was n't sure what point he was trying to make with the comment but after you responded figured I was n't alone in thinking he meant it was first time it hit trillions .
Lumberjack
Premium Member
join:2003-01-18
Newport News , VA Lumberjack to whocares0
Premium Member to whocares0
Either way it 's a complete waste .
1 ) You 'll have to pay tax on your rebate ( this has happened before ) .
2 ) Fiber to the home would be nice , but I doubt it will be that cheap AND then the people that could buy sneakers at Walmart are n't the same crowd that can pay for high speed internet .
So that would be smack to the face .
3 ) Either way the government is horrible at managing money and the real solution is to fix our horrible tax system .
4 ) The government never does anything correct with money in the first place , so lets not let them get that much money to give away .
bamboox
join:2000-12-15
Renton , WA bamboox Member Re : I would preferr said by Lumberjack :
1 ) You 'll have to pay tax on your rebate ( this has happened before ) .
1 ) You 'll have to pay tax on your rebate ( this has happened before ) .
That 's not quite accurate .
You generally do n't have to pay income taxes on tax rebates since it 's not income .
A tax rebate simply means that the government is retroactively reducing your tax bill and hence sends you a check back .
whocares0
Premium Member
join:2003-07-26
.. 1 edit whocares0 Premium Member Re : I would preferr ok for you " ' OLDER THEN I AM " guys , when was the last time that the US Gov't had a " SURPLUS ( $ $ $ ) and not a debt , ?
I 'am guessing 1950 's , maybe 1960's ???
RadioDoc
join:2000-05-11
La Grange , IL RadioDoc Re : I would preferr
If you are talking zero debt at all , that has n't happened for about 175 years .
If you are talking no budget deficit , that was during the Clinton administration .
There is nothing wrong with having a bit of public debt ... that 's what things like US Treasury Bonds and Bills are .
It 's when they are not backed by anything more than a promise to pay that it becomes a problem .
whocares0
Premium Member
join:2003-07-26
.. whocares0 Premium Member Re : I would preferr said by RadioDoc :
If you are talking zero debt at all , that has n't happened for about 175 years .
If you are talking no budget deficit , that was during the Clinton administration .
There is nothing wrong with having a bit of public debt ... that 's what things like US Treasury Bonds and Bills are .
It 's when they are not backed by anything more than a promise to pay that it becomes a problem .
If you are talking zero debt at all , that has n't happened for about 175 years .
If you are talking no budget deficit , that was during the Clinton administration .
There is nothing wrong with having a bit of public debt ... that 's what things like US Treasury Bonds and Bills are .
It 's when they are not backed by anything more than a promise to pay that it becomes a problem .
RadioDoc THANK YOU ,
If you are talking zero debt at all , that has n't happened for about 175 years .
NO i did n't call you an old man or imply that you were a 175 yrs old , ( rofl ) I just asked a question .
oh ok , If you are talking zero debt at all , that has n't happened for about 175 years .
NO i did n't call you an old man or imply that you were a 175 yrs old , ( rofl ) I just asked a question .
longstreet
join:2004-11-14
Plano , TX longstreet to whocares0
Member to whocares0
said by whocares0 :
ok for you " ' OLDER THEN I AM " guys , when was the last time that the US Gov't had a " SURPLUS ( $ $ $ ) and not a debt , ?
I 'am guessing 1950 's , maybe 1960's ???
ok for you " ' OLDER THEN I AM " guys , when was the last time that the US Gov't had a " SURPLUS ( $ $ $ ) and not a debt , ?1950 's , maybe 1960 's ???
The end of the previous Clinton administration saw lots of surplus .
dez_nutz
join:2007-02-21
Arab , AL dez_nutz to bamboox
Member to bamboox
For states like Alabama that tax income after federal tax is withheld , there is a chance the rebate will be taxed by the state because it is a tax break .
In 2001 I am pretty sure they did n't tax the rebate but who knows about this one ( if it ever goes through )
whocares0
Premium Member
join:2003-07-26
.. 1 edit whocares0 Premium Member Re : I would preferr said by dez_nutz :
For states like Alabama that tax income after federal tax is withheld , there is a chance the rebate will be taxed by the state because it is a tax break .
In 2001 I am pretty sure they did n't tax the rebate but who knows about this one ( if it ever goes through )
For states like Alabama that tax income after federal tax is withheld , there is a chance the rebate will be taxed by the state because it is a tax break .
In 2001 I am pretty sure they did n't tax the rebate but who knows about this one ( if it ever goes through ) dez=nuts I HATE THAT , i know during my working career , when i was temp in Atl , a state tax was taken out out my ck , wait a minute your telling me your going to charge me , just to live in the state while i work here temp ?
paid in $ 1,000 , ( 1 ck ) was there for less then a months , got back $ 600.00
HAVE heard some have it worst , ( N, Y.C ) Fed'l state , city ?
dang
glad that is n't here ,
jazzy1120 I HATE THAT , i know during my working career , when i was temp in Atl , a state tax was taken out out my ck , paid in $ 1,000 , ( 1 ck ) was there for less then a months , got back $ 600.00HAVE heard some have it worst , ( N, Y.C ) Fed'l state , city ?
dangglad that is n't here , jazzy1120
22773138 ( banned )
join:2006-08-29
Texas 22773138 ( banned ) Member Re : I would preferr
It could be worse .
Some states tax athletics when they play a game in their state .
They do n't have to even live in the state .
Talk about taxation without representation .
Lumberjack
Premium Member
join:2003-01-18
Newport News , VA Lumberjack to bamboox
Premium Member to bamboox
Not sure how long ago this was done before but I remember thinking exactly as you describe then I TurboTax said " did you get that $ 300 rebate ? " and when I answered yes it added it as income ...
Perhaps this time it 's a real " rebate " and maybe last time it was an " early refund " .
I 'm just saying , do n't be too shocked if you end up having to pay tax on whatever they send regardless of what term they use now .
dez_nutz
join:2007-02-21
Arab , AL dez_nutz Member Re : I would preferr
It was in 2001 and it should really be looked at like an advance on your refund for the end of the 2001 tax year .
The Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation
Act of 2001 created a new 10 % bracket that lowered income taxes owed to the fed gov for the middle class , and was retroactive to Jan 1 2001 so you already paid it in .
It also increased your net pay or take home .
All this was done to curb a recession due to the bursting of the tech bubble .
To add more to the deficit and debt thing , this did n't help on top of having to increase military spending due to 9/11 .
That triggered the huge change in the deficit because Clinton increased taxes and slashed military spending in his term .
I am not defending Bush nor blaming Clinton for 9/11 .
The continued change to the deficit chart posted is also due to the war on the terror on top of the tax cuts .
Since opinions and views are different on that there is no need to continue about it .
longstreet
join:2004-11-14
Plano , TX longstreet to whocares0
Member to whocares0
Here 's a chart , read it and weap .
longstreet 1 edit longstreet to whocares0
Member to whocares0
Granted those ' tax cuts ' are for the top 1 % of wealth in the country .
The rest of us get nothing and I make alot of money .
dez_nutz
join:2007-02-21
Arab , AL dez_nutz Member Re : I would preferr said by longstreet :
Granted those ' tax cuts ' are for the top 1 % of wealth in the country .
The rest of us get nothing and I make alot of money .
Granted those ' tax cuts ' are for the top 1 % of wealth in the country .
The rest of us get nothing and I make alot of money .
Basically between 2000 - 2003 , if you are single and your salary was between 29 k and 63 k a year , in 2000 you would be paying 28 % , in 2001 you would have paid 27.5 % , in 2002 you would pay 27 % , and in 2003 the final drop to 25 % .
Which for someone making 349.7 k or more in 2007 there rate dropped from 39.5 % to 35 % , which seemed like total bs to me .
There is also the AMT to figure in but for my point it did affect your net income just not as much as someone making 10 x what you did .
Aside from the less tax thing it also upped the child tax credit and dropped the marriage penalty .
God knows when your not in the top brackets , married , and have a child every dime helps .
I do n't see how this would have resulted in you not making anything from it .
Even if you did n't get a refund check , they added the 10 % bracket for $ 6000 or less and decreased the income tax percentage .
This was a step process from 2001 to 2003 and lowered the % for all brackets .
Basically between 2000 - 2003 , if you are single and your salary was between 29 k and 63 k a year , in 2000 you would be paying 28 % , in 2001 you would have paid 27.5 % , in 2002 you would pay 27 % , and in 2003 the final drop to 25 % .
Which for someone making 349.7 k or more in 2007 there rate dropped from 39.5 % to 35 % , which seemed like total bs to me .
There is also the AMT to figure in but for my point it did affect your net income just not as much as someone making 10 x what you did .
Aside from the less tax thing it also upped the child tax credit and dropped the marriage penalty .
God knows when your not in the top brackets , married , and have a child every dime helps .
longstreet
join:2004-11-14
Plano , TX longstreet to whocares0
Member to whocares0
I 'm not referring to previous years as you are .
Like I said , the cut was for the top 1 % in the year 2007 .
Since this year deals with the money I get back , I would have liked to see my % drop for my bracket , but only the ultra - rich got that .
dez_nutz
join:2007-02-21
Arab , AL dez_nutz Member Re : I would preferr said by longstreet :
I 'm not referring to previous years as you are .
Like I said , the cut was for the top 1 % in the year 2007 .
Since this year deals with the money I get back , I would have liked to see my % drop for my bracket , but only the ultra - rich got that .
I 'm not referring to previous years as you are .
Like I said , the cut was for the top 1 % in the year 2007 .
Since this year deals with the money I get back , I would have liked to see my % drop for my bracket , but only the ultra - rich got that .
Right now it 's all scheduled to go back pre-2001 levels in 2010 if that makes you feel any better .
The stimulus plan from what I can see is going to go down in rebate check value for people who make over 175k , so the 1 % wont get a rebate check .
I take it your one of the millions of people stuck in the 15 % bracket , that the last change was in 1986 when 28 % bracket was broken into the 15 and 28 % ... Similar to the 2001 15 to 15 and 10 % .
I figured with your statement " I make a lot of money " you would have fallen into the 28 % bracket .
There are lot more than 1 % of the US population above the 15 % bracket though .
The previous years tax cuts ended in 2003 and has n't changed .
All that has changed is the ceiling on the different brackets which are adjusted for inflation .
Basically the changes in 2001 are affecting the returns from 2001 - 2010 unless they make the tax cut permanent .
Right now it 's all scheduled to go back pre-2001 levels in 2010 if that makes you feel any better .
The stimulus plan from what I can see is going to go down in rebate check value for people who make over 175k , so the 1 % wont get a rebate check .
Hornman1
@covad.net Hornman1 to whocares0
Anon to whocares0
said by whocares0 :
to have the FIBER for all because
1 , While the ck/rebate would be nice it is a 1 time thing ,
while fiber would be used all year .
2 , even Cnn this morning used an expression about out or national debt , ( that was started in the senate )
not saying our nat'l debt was millions of dollars , nor Billions of dollars , but now the snate is saying our national debt is with this proposal , it would skyrocket into the " " TRILLIONS " of dollars .
jazzy1120
to have thebecause1 , While the ck/rebate would be nice it is a 1 time thing , while fiber would be used all year .
2 , even Cnn this morning used an expression about out or national debt , ( that was started in the senate ) not saying our nat'l debt was millions of dollars , nor Billions of dollars , but now the snate is saying our national debt isjazzy 1120
They have done nothing .
BILLIONS of dollars .
So we should give them more of our money ?
This is the stupidest thing I have heard of in recent memory .
I know who ever brought this up surely did n't realize that the companies in question have done nothing except sue other smaller companies and municipalities who decided to do it on their own .
What did they sue these people for ?
Restraint of trade !
Of course .
THEY HAVE ALREADY BEEN PAID FOR THIS WORK !
And they continue to get more money from us .
OK , now they are throwing us a bone or two to keep us quiet .
After almost TEN YEARS !
But they will not give us real speed until they are in control of fees and access and content .
This is not conspiracy theory , it is fact and in the public record .
Please check out this web site instead of whining , speculating and talking about " Free Market Theory , " which is totally bogus .
I 'm not a Socialist or a Communist , but I 'm not a Fascist either .
Unbridled Capitalism is Enron and Hedge Funds and Real Estate loans that do n't make sense but pay big commissions and cause bankruptcy .
Let the buyer beware ?
Hey all you retards who talk about the Free Market .
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AND THERE NEVER WILL BE .
or should i say , God help us if there was .
Capitalism is not a social institution .
It is a business model that needs restraints to protect the society from Fascism .
It will not solve or deal with social problems , especially on a large scale .
It is Jr. High School thinking .
Oh boy , you mean I can do anything I want ?
Like Libertarianism , it is a giant cop out of social responsibility .
The reason I bring it up is that this is a perfect example of what the businesses who are getting these tax breaks say : the money will trickle down to the public and do the social good of providing the internet to everyone .
But is that what happened ?
NO .
And now they are lining up for another round from some very willing people on this forum .
This is how Fascism takes hold , a little at a time .
Just like in Iraq , where our Free Market mercenary companies , who had no bid contacts are making Billions of Dollars off the lives of our troops .
War profiteering .
Where does that fit into the Free Market concept ?
How does Capitalism solve that social issue ?
National Debt ?
Who cares as long as the right bottom lines are good each quarter .
Hey , the people who did this will be retired to their speaking engagements and golf when the real $ hit hits the fan .
Wow , give our measly rebates back to the government .
What a concept .
The fact is , the big telephone and cable companies started to get paid for this work almost ten years ago in the form of huge tax breaks and subsidies .
In exchange for those BILLIONS of dollars over the years , they were supposed to get to work and give everyone access to the super highway , which is 100/100 .
They have done nothing .
BILLIONS of dollars .
So we should give them more of our money ?
This is the stupidest thing I have heard of in recent memory .
I know who ever brought this up surely did n't realize that the companies in question have done nothing except sue other smaller companies and municipalities who decided to do it on their own .
What did they sue these people for ?
Restraint of trade !
Of course .
THEY HAVE ALREADY BEEN PAID FOR THIS WORK !
And they continue to get more money from us .
OK , now they are throwing us a bone or two to keep us quiet .
After almost TEN YEARS !
But they will not give us real speed until they are in control of fees and access and content .
This is not conspiracy theory , it is fact and in the public record .
Please check out this web site instead of whining , speculating and talking about " Free Market Theory , " which is totally bogus .
I 'm not a Socialist or a Communist , but I 'm not a Fascist either .
Unbridled Capitalism is Enron and Hedge Funds and Real Estate loans that do n't make sense but pay big commissions and cause bankruptcy .
Let the buyer beware ?
Hey all you retards who talk about the Free Market .
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AND THERE NEVER WILL BE .
or should i say , God help us if there was .
Capitalism is not a social institution .
It is a business model that needs restraints to protect the society from Fascism .
It will not solve or deal with social problems , especially on a large scale .
It is Jr. High School thinking .
Oh boy , you mean I can do anything I want ?
Like Libertarianism , it is a giant cop out of social responsibility .
The reason I bring it up is that this is a perfect example of what the businesses who are getting these tax breaks say : the money will trickle down to the public and do the social good of providing the internet to everyone .
But is that what happened ?
NO .
And now they are lining up for another round from some very willing people on this forum .
This is how Fascism takes hold , a little at a time .
Just like in Iraq , where our Free Market mercenary companies , who had no bid contacts are making Billions of Dollars off the lives of our troops .
War profiteering .
Where does that fit into the Free Market concept ?
How does Capitalism solve that social issue ?
National Debt ?
Who cares as long as the right bottom lines are good each quarter .
Hey , the people who did this will be retired to their speaking engagements and golf when the real $ hit hits the fan .
Hornman1 Hornman1 Anon Re : I would preferr
»www.savetheinternet.com/=faq
I forgot the web site .
Check this out and see what is really going on .
questionable1
join:2005-10 -18
Phoenix , AZ questionable1 Member First post ?
I do n't know about that guy but I can really use the money .
My fiances ' medicine costs over 4 k a month ... insurance pays everything but 500 ...
That would be 1 month i could breath easy .
Honestly I 'm all for higher speeds and getting stuff to everyone , but I 'm not going to say no to something like this
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Rebate Checks +
Permanent Tax Cuts People always make better use of money than government .
Of course , the rebate checks are just a feel - good measure that wo n't really do squat for the economy .
I know our checks will simply go towards existing debt .
If you want real stimulus , lower all business taxes to 0 , cut out most BS government regulations and make the other tax cuts permanent .
MarkyD
Premium Member
join:2002-08-20
Oklahoma City , OK MarkyD Premium Member FTTP /FTTH does not mean higher speeds .
Take AT&T for example .
The max I can get over my FTTP is 10 / 1.5 for nearly $ 60 a month .
FTTH does not necessarily mean ground breaking throughput .
ztmike
Mark for moderation
Premium Member
join:2001-08-02
Michigan City , IN ztmike Premium Member W. Bush > moron .
Welcome to the world of W. Bush .
The WORST president in U.S history .
Freezone
join:2000-09 -29
Southfield , MI Freezone Member
Most people are not going to blow it ?
At least with the food stamp idea the money would have been spent right away .
Since I always owe the IRS I will not see a check at all anyway
Or are they are going to pay down their personal debt .
Those checks will do little to help the economy if it goes towards paying down credit debt .
At least with the food stamp idea the money would have been spent right away .
Since I always owe the IRS I will not see a check at all anyway
woody7
Premium Member
join:2000 -10 - 13
Torrance , CA · Time Warner Cable
· Charter
woody7 Premium Member pffftttt .........
So we give even more money to the telcos and cablecos , and it still wo n't happen .
Between the tax breaks and bogus fees for so many years , this really should be a non issue .
Who got us into this mess , and why are we bailing them out ?
I 'm not for recession , but why are we bailing them out without some kind of stipulation at least ?
Some of these lending issues border on the criminal .
What is next , bailing them out for " student " loans ?
End of rant
atuarre
Here come the drums
Premium Member
join:2004-02-14
EC / SETX SWLA atuarre Premium Member WRONG Most YOUNG
Americans will blow that money .
The older ones may save it , or use it to pay down some debt , but young Americans are probably going to blow it on something stupid .
gatorkram
Need for Speed
Premium Member
join:2002-07-22
Winterville , NC 1 recommendation gatorkram Premium Member I have a dream ...
Would n't this be great ?
FTTH for everyone ....
The current providers could save a lot of money not having to upgrade all their last mile equipment and networks , and focus solely on providing access over the new network ...
Oh man ...
Would n't it just be crazy , if you could pick from 100s of different providers ...
Real competition ...
Of course , lots of you will say , oohhh nooosss we do n't want the government having control over our internets ..... ahhhh the sky is falling , the world is coming to an end ...
Do n't kid yourself , they already have as much or as little control and access to the pipes as they want ...
BUILD THE NETWORK !
Who cares how much it cost ?
I for one do n't .
For once in a long time the government could do something again for the people ...
sharkpedal
join:2005-05-04
PA sharkpedal Member WIIFM
I still think the rebate checks are a joke and Bush did this in 2000 and it was stupid .
To quote Lewis Black the only way to stimulate the economy with the checks is if we all go out and spend it at the same time .
" I just got a $ 300 check from the US Govt ... I knew this wasnt gonna work because nobody , NOBODY got a $ 300 check and looked at it and went ' Son of Bitch ... free at last !'... G'd dammit , $ 25 for the house payment , $ 4 for the car payment , 8 cents for gas .... I 'm home free !!! "
- Lewis Black
Whats in it for me seems to be the appropriate question here .
I already am wired for Fiber and use it .
Let me figure out how to buy my own " Sneakers at Walmart " ( and by the way , how the f do they know I shop thereI still think the rebate checks are a joke and Bush did this in 2000 and it was stupid .
To quote Lewis Black the only way to stimulate the economy with the checks is if we all go out and spend it at the same time .
" I just got a $ 300 check from the US Govt ... I knew this wasnt gonna work because nobody , NOBODY got a $ 300 check and looked at it and went ' Son of Bitch ... free at last !'... G'd dammit , $ 25 for the house payment , $ 4 for the car payment , 8 cents for gas .... I 'm home free !!! "
- Lewis Black
dvd536
as Mr. Pink as they come
Premium Member
join:2001-04-27
Phoenix , AZ dvd536 Premium Member Re : WIIFM said by sharkpedal :
I still think the rebate checks are a joke and Bush did this in 2000 and it was stupid .
I still think the rebate checks are a joke and Bush did this in 2000 and it was stupid .
That was just a tax advance [ this one probably will be too ]
Hmmmmm
@ameritech.net Hmmmmm to sharkpedal
Anon to sharkpedal
said by sharkpedal :
I still think the rebate checks are a joke and Bush did this in 2000 and it was stupid .
I still think the rebate checks are a joke and Bush did this in 2000 and it was stupid .
really stupid part of what happened the last time the Feds handed out " free " money .
I clearly recall them sending a letter to everyone in advance telling them that they were going to be getting check for $ 300 .
And how wonderful getting that Whopping Great Check was going to be .
You know , rather than simply mailing them the check and letting them figure it out .
God only knows how many millions were wasted in mailing out all those stupid " heads up ! " letters .
Personally , I thought that was the government 's way of letting me know , oh - so - subtlely , that putting them in charge of any amount of money is a HUGE mistake .
Because they have zero incentive to control their costs .
I mean , any private company with shareholders to answer to would have had their entire BOD burned at the stake is they pissed away money needlessly mailing out millions of letters like that .
You forgot thestupid part of what happened the last time the Feds handed out " free " money .
I clearly recall them sending a letter to everyone in advancethem that they were going to be getting check for $ 300 .
And howgetting that Whopping Great Check was going to be .
You know , rather than simplyand lettingfigure it out .
God only knows how many millions were wasted in mailing out all those stupid " heads up ! " letters .
Personally , I thought that was the government 's way of letting me know , oh - so - subtlely , that putting them in charge ofamount of money is a HUGE mistake .
Because they have zero incentive to control their costs .
I mean , anycompany with shareholders to answer to would have had their entire BOD burned at the stake is they pissed away money needlessly mailing out millions of letters like that .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 Premium Member Sorry - just give me the money I can spend it better than giving it to some government bureaucracy to dole out for infrastructure improvements .
Especially after that bureaucracy sucks out the usual 30 % in overhead to pay for their worthless drone jobs .
Hornman1
@covad.net Hornman1 Anon Re : Sorry - just give me the money said by FFH5 :
I can spend it better than giving it to some government bureaucracy to dole out for infrastructure improvements .
Especially after that bureaucracy sucks out the usual 30 % in overhead to pay for their worthless drone jobs .
I can spend it better than giving it to some government bureaucracy to dole out for infrastructure improvements .
Especially after that bureaucracy sucks out the usual 30 % in overhead to pay for their worthless drone jobs .
So are these the people you would get to build up the infrastructure ?
They have done nothing and they have sued private companies and municipalities for trying to do it on their own .
I guess that is what you call overhead ?
The big companies want to control access and content and they will not give us more than a taste until they either have that Control or are defeated by our friends in and out Congress who are fighting for us .
Control also means a toll both on the on ramp for the super highway .
Do you suppose they are going to give us speeds that might potentially put some of their great networks out of business ?
Are they going to give us the capability of having our own HDTV stations ?
Not hardly .
What you are hearing these days about success of our internet is mostly lies .
Lies brought to you by the same people who brought you Iraq , the " Foreign Power " of Al Qaeda , and have relieved us of our need for habeas corpus and personal privacy .
All through fear and intimidation .
Check out # 6 and the whole sight here :
»www.savetheinternet.com/=faq
I have news for you .
The cable and telephone companies have already taken the money from you and they wo n't give it back .
They were given huge tax breaks back in the nineties to do the job .
If they had started then it would be done by now .
That is why Japan has it .
They actually did their job .
So are these the people you would get to build up the infrastructure ?
They have done nothing and they have sued private companies and municipalities for trying to do it on their own .
I guess that is what you call overhead ?
The big companies want to control access and content and they will not give us more than a taste until they either have that Control or are defeated by our friends in and out Congress who are fighting for us .
Control also means a toll both on the on ramp for the super highway .
Do you suppose they are going to give us speeds that might potentially put some of their great networks out of business ?
Are they going to give us the capability of having our own HDTV stations ?
Not hardly .
What you are hearing these days about success of our internet is mostly lies .
Lies brought to you by the same people who brought you Iraq , the " Foreign Power " of Al Qaeda , and have relieved us of our need for habeas corpus and personal privacy .
All through fear and intimidation .
Check out # 6 and the whole sight here :
Dogfather
Premium Member
join:2007-12-26
Laguna Hills , CA 1 recommendation Dogfather Premium Member Rebate checks
It 's not the job of Joe Taxpayer to wire rural America .
These rebates are to stimulate the economy , not go straight into the pockets of telcos and cable operators .
Telcos already get billions for rural deployment from the USF , that 's enough .
If rural communities need more free - bes let them pass a local bond measure and borrow the money themselves like California has to do to rebuild its crumbling infrastructure .
ztmike
Mark for moderation
Premium Member
join:2001-08-02
Michigan City , IN 2 edits ztmike Premium Member
The future .
Is n't that what this is all about ?
Imagine how many jobs this would create for the U.S and not some 7 - 10 dollar job either .
So in doing this ( investing in FTTH upgrades ) would not only create jobs it would also help the economy , and maybe even get people to work from home , thus taking traffic off our congested roadways and less pollution and less oil being spent .
And not to mention the future of what FTTH could do for everybody .
But yet we have a president who decides to just send out checks that will give someone the opportunity to spend on something maybe once or twice , for the most part .
Thus not helping the economy where it REALLY needs it .
Not to mention the cost of the Iraqi war which sits at a staggering 491 1/2 billion dollars :
»www.nationalpriorities .o
··· war_home
BUT : Its already to late , congress has decided already .
So go ahead and wait for your check to come this July only to be able to spend it at 1 or 2 places , just do n't blow it all in one place , as they say .
I 'm sorry but only dumbasses would be against the money being used for people to blow to go towards a future investment .. Imagine how many jobs this would create for the U.S and not some 7 - 10 dollar job either .
So in doing this ( investing in FTTH upgrades ) would not only create jobs it would also help the economy , and maybe even get people to work from home , thus taking traffic off our congested roadways and less pollution and less oil being spent .
And not to mention the future of what FTTH could do for everybody .
But yet we have a president who decides to just send out checks that will give someone the opportunity to spend on something maybe once or twice , for the most part .
Thus not helping the economy where it REALLY needs it .
Not to mention the cost of the Iraqi war which sits at a staggering 491 1/ 2 billion dollars :
BUT : Its already to late , congress has decided already .
So go ahead and wait for your check to come this July only to be able to spend it at 1 or 2 places , just do n't blow it all in one place , as they say .
qworster
join:2001-11-25
Bryn Mawr , PA qworster Member you mean
You mean go to Walmart and buy sneakers made in China !
cornelius785
join:2006-10 - 26
Worcester , MA cornelius785 Member i vote for ftth i'd rather see a mass fiber deployment than rebate checks .
to me atleast , rebate checks are a quick temporary fix that may or may not pay off in the long run .
many people have said / believe that FTTH is the future .
why not take a large step to that goal ?
i doubt $ 150B would cover 100 M households .
i'm sure it would make a serious dent , but assuming $ 1500 per household is probably not that accurate given the towns that verizon has wired themselves ( not to large , not that rural , above ground utilities , not many MDUs ) .
i'd sort of like to see the $ 150B used to partially ' reimburse ' companies that are actively ( or have set a plan to ) deploying fiber starting from some date .
i would n't give money before hand since the money just disappear .
this would decrease the risk for companies to deploy fiber .
arroyodos
Premium Member
join:2003-01-18
North Canton , OH arroyodos Premium Member Is This Socialism ?
I thought we were supposed to let market forces determine everything .
Is the author of the original comment suggesting that people in this country decide on what they need ?
I am sure if we are patient , and when healthy profits can be made -- corporate America will provide us with all that we need n -- in their good time .
This is the responsible way to go .
Anything other than the free market is socialism --- for heaven 's sake !!
nozzer
join:2004-06-25
Waltham , MA nozzer to arroyodos
Member to arroyodos
" Socialism " is not the opposite of " Free Market " .
Sweden is an example of a " socialist country " , yet there is also plenty of " free market "
axus
join:2001-06-18
Washington , DC axus Member checks are fast
The idea is that people spend the money right away ... and that the money we would have lost in a future recession is greater than the 150 billion given away .
I think it 's probably a wash at best , but I do n't see a problem with it .
Trying to throw money at our broadband problem would probably waste a lot of it .
I heard that the schools misused a lot of the money they were given for technology .
stilltrying9
join:2008-02-04
Sesser , IL stilltrying9 Member No More Govt Spending Rebate checks are ridiculous .
We must stop the govt from spending altogether on wasteful things whether its rebates or not .
These administrations whether they be dems or reps are spending ridiculously .
No FTTH , no rebate checks , and no taxes altogether .
Pull our policing military out of international borders and the BIG TWO quit spending by the GOVT and NO MORE WARS .
RP for president to get this country straightened out .
We are headed for a mess and the rebate checks or govt financed FTTH will only worsen the fall of the dollar because its more borrowing and more spending .
Now W is proposing to give us our most massive budget ever , and this is from a CONSERVATIVE , LOL .
Democrats are no better either .
Quit choosing sides and start choosing politicians .
Last updated at 20:14 09 March 2008
A devoted Status Quo fan who plunged into depression after his wife left him for guitarist Rick Parfitt has hanged himself at home , it emerged today .
Relatives of Nigel Hewitt , who introduced wife Angie to his idol , say he killed himself because he could not face life without her .
Lookalike Mr Hewitt reportedly slumped even deeper into depression when the affair was exposed because he was banned from backstage parties .
Scroll down for more ...
Threesome : Nigel Hewitt , right , killed himself after his ex-wife Angie left him for Rick Parfitt
The 48 - year - old electrician was found dead at home in Kings Lynn , Norfolk , on his ex-wife 's 42nd birthday two weeks ago .
He had just discovered that Angie - whose affair with Rick eventually fizzled out - had remarried last year .
It proved to be the final straw .
Mr Hewitt 's sister Sonia Watson , 44 , told the Sunday Mirror : " He clung to the hope she would come back .
She moved on with her life - but he could n't . "
Scroll down for more ...
Two 's company : Angie and Parfitt get close after a Status Quo gig before leaving Nigel
In 1995 , a day after marrying Angie , Mr Parfitt introduced his new bride to his hero at a Quo gig in Birmingham , where Rick flirted with her .
But it was n't until December 2003 that , astonishingly , Mr Hewitt agreed to let Rick sleep with his wife - as long as he could join in .
Afterwards
Angie lost interest in her husband and started spending more time with Rick .
Eventually they split up .
Scroll down for more ...
Lookalike : Nigel idolised Parfitt and was such a big Quo fan he named his son Rick Francis
But Mr Hewitt 's father , also called Nigel , 69 , said yesterday : " We do n't blame Rick .
The fact is Nigel never got over his split with Angie . "
Sandale Havaianas – Havaianas are a well known and popular brand of modern flip flops manufactured and developed in 1962 in the island of Hawaii .
It was founded by Robert Fraser and inspired by Japanese zori shoes .
Robert made his first pair of flip flops from rubber at age sixteen .
He then decided that he would like to start manufacturing flip flops and began manufacturing flip flops in San Diego , California .
How to wear your Havaianas Sandals by Addicted to beauty
There are many styles of Havaianas available on the market .
There are traditional styles that you can purchase to give your children a nice pair of flip flops to use in public when they go out to the beach .
However , if you ’re looking for something that is different , then there is an assortment of designs that you can choose from that are available on the market today .
These designs come with a variety of colors and designs to fit whatever you would like to give as a gift to someone .
If you ’re interested in purchasing one or a pair of Havaianas flip flops , then it will be important to determine what type of price range you are willing to pay for them .
This will help you in finding the flip flops that will suit your budget .
Many people buy Havaians because of the comfort that is provided by the flip flops .
Colombia is accusing President Chavez of financing genocide
Bush backs Colombia
He accused Mr Chavez of sponsoring and financing Colombian Farc rebels .
Venezuela denies the charge .
Colombian officials say a laptop found during a raid on a Farc camp held files indicating Venezuela gave Farc $ 300m .
Colombian forces entered Ecuadoran territory to raid the camp , provoking protests and a diplomatic crisis .
The raid inside Ecuadorean territory left 17 rebels dead Attack on Colombia
Q&A : ICC
Venezuela and Ecuador have broken off ties with Colombia and moved troops to the Colombian border .
" Colombia proposes to denounce the president of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , in the International Criminal Court for sponsoring and financing genocide , " Mr Uribe said .
In Washington , President George W Bush said the United States fully supported Colombia .
He condemned what he called " provocative manoeuvres " by the Venezuelan government .
Saturday 's incursion by Colombian forces saw the killing of senior Farc commander Raul Reyes , and 16 others .
Colombian Vice - President Francisco Santos , speaking earlier at a disarmament conference in Geneva , said evidence of plans to make a dirty bomb - a bomb using radioactive material - was also found on the computer .
Reyes was Farc 's first secretariat member to be killed in combat
Latin American powers including Chile , Mexico and Brazil have offered to mediate in the dispute .
An emergency meeting of the Organization of American States is being held to discuss the crisis .
Farc - the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia - has been fighting for more than four decades with the declared aim of fairer wealth distribution .
However , analysts say it funds itself mainly through the cocaine trade , while holding hundreds of hostages it has kidnapped for ransom and political ends .
President Chavez and Venezuela have been involved in recent talks to free some of them .
In a statement , Farc said the raid had " dealt a serious blow " to negotiations for the release of the highest - profile hostage , the former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt .
She also holds French nationality by marriage .
On 28 April 2004 , Philip Zimbardo was in Washington for a conference .
The TV was on in his hotel room and photographs of the abuses carried out in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq by US servicemen and women flashed across the screen .
The images are ingrained in our psyche now , but then they were new .
Naked men stacked in a pyramid with soldiers grinning alongside .
A female soldier leading a prisoner around on a dog lead .
Prisoners forced to simulate sexual acts on each other .
A prisoner in a hood balancing precariously on a box in the belief he would be electrocuted if he moved .
Like millions of others , Zimbardo was deeply shocked by what he saw , but for the professor emeritus of psychology at Stanford University , California , there was a disturbing element of familiarity .
" I had taken similar images myself 30 years earlier , " he says .
" And by similar , I mean prisoners with bags over their heads , prisoners stripped naked , prisoners made to do sexually degrading activities .
It was very disturbing .
[ The scenes at Abu Ghraib ] recreated emotionally the horrible things I not only saw but that I allowed to continue to happen . " '
The images he is referring to came from one of the most infamous episodes in American academic history , the Stanford Prison Experiment – a study Zimbardo led in 1971 into the psychological and behavioural effects of imprisonment that swiftly descended into scenes of cruelty and degradation .
Zimbardo hoped he would never see Americans behave so abominably again .
The shock of the Abu Ghraib scandal three years ago dashed that hope – and prompted the then - 71 - year - old to come to the defence of one of those accused of the terrible crimes committed in the Iraqi prison .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What took place on a peaceful Californian university campus nearly four decades ago still has the power to disturb .
Eager to explore the way that " situation " can impact on behaviour , the young psychologist enrolled students to spend two weeks in a simulated jail environment , where they would randomly be assigned roles as either prisoners or guards .
Zimbardo's volunteers were bright , liberal young men of good character , brimming with opposition to the Vietnam war and authority in general .
All expressed a preference to be prisoners , a role they could relate to better .
Yet within days the strong , rebellious " prisoners " had become depressed and hopeless .
Two broke down emotionally , crushed by the behaviour of the " guards " , who had embraced their authoritarian roles in full , some becoming ever - more sadistic , others passively accepting the abuses taking place in front of them .
Watch excerpts of ' Quiet Rage ' , a documentary about the Stanford Prison Experiment
Transcripts of the experiment , published in Zimbardo 's book The Lucifer Effect : Understanding How Good People Turn Evil , record in terrifying detail the way reality slipped away from the participants .
On the first day – Sunday – it is all self - conscious play - acting between college buddies .
On Monday the prisoners start a rebellion , and the guards clamp down , using solitary confinement , sleep deprivation and intimidation .
One refers to " these dangerous prisoners " .
They have to be prevented from using physical force .
Control techniques become more creative and sadistic .
The prisoners are forced to repeat their numbers over and over at roll call , and to sing them .
They are woken repeatedly in the night .
Their blankets are rolled in dirt and they are ordered painstakingly to pick them clean of burrs .
They are harangued and pitted against one another , forced to humiliate each other , pulled in and out of solitary confinement .
On day four , a priest visits .
Prisoner 819 is in tears , his hands shaking .
Rather than question the experiment , the priest tells him , " You 're going to have to get less emotional . "
Later , a guard leads the inmates in chanting " Prisoner 819 did a bad thing ! " and blaming him for their poor conditions .
Zimbardo finds 819 covering his ears , " a quivering mess , hysterical " , and says it is time to go home .
But 819 refuses to leave until he has proved to his fellow prisoners that he is n't " bad " .
" Listen carefully to me , you 're not 819 , " says Zimbardo .
" You are Stewart and my name is Dr Zimbardo .
I am a psychologist not a prison superintendent , and this is not a real prison .
" 819 stops sobbing " and looks like a small child awakening from a nightmare " , according to Zimbardo .
But it does n't seem to occur to him that things are going too far .
Guard Hellmann , leader of the night shift , plumbs new depths .
He wakes up the prisoners to shout abuse in their faces .
He forces them to play leapfrog dressed only in smocks , their genitals exposed .
A new prisoner , 416 , replaces 819 , and brings fresh perspective .
" I was terrified by each new shift of guards , " he says .
" I knew by the first evening that I had done something foolish to volunteer for this study . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Part two of ' Quiet Rage : The Stanford Prison Experiment '
The study is scheduled to run for two weeks .
On the evening of Thursday , the fifth day , Zimbardo 's girlfriend , Christina Maslach , also a psychologist , comes to meet him for dinner .
She is confronted by a line of prisoners en route to the lavatory , bags over their heads , chained together by the ankles .
" What you 're doing to these boys is a terrible thing , " she tells Zimbardo .
" Do n't you understand this is a crucible of human behaviour ? " he asks .
" We are seeing things no one has witnessed before in such a situation . "
She tells him this has made her question their relationship , and the person he is .
Downstairs , Guard Hellmann is yelling at the prisoners .
" See that hole in the ground ?
Now do 25 push - ups , fucking that hole .
You hear me ? "
Three prisoners are forced to be " female camels " , bent over , their naked bottoms exposed .
Others are told to " hump " them and they simulate sodomy .
Zimbardo ends the experiment the following morning .
To read the transcripts or watch the footage is to follow a rapid and dramatic collapse of human decency , resilience and perspective .
And so it should be , says Zimbardo .
" Evil is a slippery slope , " he says .
" Each day is a platform for the abuses of the next day .
Each day is only slightly worse than the previous day .
Once you do n't object to those first steps it is easy to say , ' Well , it 's only a little worse then yesterday . '
And you become morally acclimatised to this kind of evil . "
The parallels to atrocities of this and the last century – atrocities we believe we are distanced from – are glaring .
The behaviour of ordinary Germans under the Nazis .
The slaughter of Tutsis by their neighbours , the Hutus , in Rwanda .
How vulnerable are we to emulating such murderous behaviour in similarly extreme circumstances ?
Very , says Zimbardo .
" We are unaware of how much our behaviour is influenced by situations , as the situations we are in are usually benign .
The Stanford experiment looks at what happens when you put people in a totally new situation , where they do n't have habitual coping mechanisms .
So they look around .
What are other people doing ?
What is the appropriate way to behave in this new place ?
If you are a guard , the appropriate way to behave is to demonstrate that the prisoners are powerless and you are powerful . "
Part three of ' Quiet Rage : The Stanford Prison Experiment '
The seeds of Zimbardo 's research were planted in his childhood .
Born in 1933 in the Bronx , he lived there until he was 23 .
" It was and is one of the worst ghettoes in America , " he says .
" I knew good kids who went bad , who ran drugs and got in trouble , went to jail and got killed .
And there were other kids who did n't .
So I wondered , what makes good people go bad ? "
The Stanford experiment caused a media storm and Zimbardo became a star , of sorts .
He wrote about it and lectured on it , and life moved on .
He married Christina Maslach and the couple had two daughters .
His professional gaze turned to other themes , inspired by Stanford .
He researched shyness – " a psychological prison " – and set up a clinic to treat it .
He worked on time perspective ( " a day in the experiment began to feel like several days " ) .
And in 2002 he was elected president of the American Psychological Association .
Stanford had long been " laid to rest " .
But when he saw the Abu Ghraib pictures , the past was stirred up again .
" When the American military and Bush administration immediately distanced themselves by saying Abu Ghraib was the work of a few bad apples , I was suspicious , " he says .
" I knew that in the Stanford experiment , I began with good apples and that it was the place that corrupted them , so my hypothesis was that maybe these soldiers were good apples and it was the barrel at Abu Ghraib that corrupted them . "
His response was twofold .
First , he went back to the 12 hours of videotape he had from the Stanford Prison Experiment , reviewed it with his students , and made full transcripts .
" I decided I really had to present it in great detail because the evil was in the words .
It was in how the guards created a psychological system that crushed the prisoners . "
Second , he agreed to appear as an expert witness for one of the defendants in the Abu Ghraib trial , Staff Sergeant ' Ivan " Chip " Frederick II .
Frederick was the military policeman in charge of the night shift on tiers 1A and 1B , the site of the abuses , and features in some of the pictures .
Zimbardo threw himself into the case , counselling Frederick and his wife .
He sought out and examined Frederick 's records ( unstinting dedication in the service of his country and family ) .
He had Frederick undergo psychological tests ( good man vulnerable to isolation , strong desire for approval ) .
He investigated Abu Ghraib , and the conditions there .
He made presentations to Frederick 's military trial – but to little or no effect : Frederick was convicted of five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees and received an eight - year sentence .
" There was a real injustice , " says Zimbardo .
" Colonel Larry James , a psychologist sent to Abu Ghraib to fix it , said that 50 times he was within 100 yards of being blown up or shot .
It was 130 degrees .
There was faeces everywhere ; rats running around ; 1,000 prisoners , many naked ; people screaming .
It was hell . "
Frederick , he explains , worked 12 - hour shifts in these conditions without a night off in 40 days .
When he finished his shift he would sleep in a cell , " so he was always in prison " .
Not once in three months did a senior officer come down to his area , says Zimbardo .
In Level 1A , the interrogation centre run by the CIA , military intelligence and civilian contractors were looking for information on the insurgency and getting nowhere .
They put pressure on Frederick 's team to " take the gloves off and soften the prisoners up " , says Zimbardo .
There is some evidence , he adds , " that the early pictures were staged " so they could show them to other detainees before their interrogation .
" Once they got permission to break those prisoners and take those pictures , you have unleashed the dogs . "
The sexual abuse was the next stage .
" When you have a unit of men and women soldiers , and hundreds of prisoners running around naked , there is a sexual dynamic .
Some of those soldiers are having sex with each other , and some of the people arrested were prostitutes .
It was a lawless hell .
" When you ask Chip why he did these terrible things , he says ' I do n't know what came over me . '
He had lost his reason , perspective and judgment .
If you had any sense of reason , you would never put yourself in the picture .
You are making yourself accused .
What were they thinking to do that ?
The answer is that they were n't thinking . "
With Abu Ghraib , Zimbardo extended his theories beyond the " situation " to the " system " that created it .
" I would point the finger as high as [ President ] Bush .
With his excessive focus on fear of terrorism , with the lawyers who legalise the definition of torture , he creates the system . "
In both situations – and in others where abuse escalates – Zimbardo isolates common factors .
The first is " deindividuation " : the perpetrators become anonymous and stop acting as individuals .
The guards in Abu Ghraib were in the habit of removing identifying details on their uniforms ; the Stanford experiment guards wore mirrored sunglasses that hid their eyes .
The second factor is dehumanisation : the prisoners in both situations were seen as hostile and " other " .
Their physical condition was poor , they smelt , and they were often naked – like animals .
Third , such abuse requires bystander apathy – the failure of the majority who may not be actively involved to do anything to stop it .
The pressure to go along with the escalation of abuse is huge , says Zimbardo , and would claim most of us .
" We all have this egocentric bias to say , ' I would be the hero , I would blow the whistle , ' " he says .
" But other things being equal , you would do what they did .
Though there are always a few who resist .
And that is the hope of humankind . "
Usually the whistleblower is an outsider , who views the situation with fresh eyes .
In his experiment it was Christina .
At Abu Ghraib it was 24 - year - old reservist Joe Darby , who was shown images of the abuses by a fellow soldier .
At first he thought they were " pretty funny " , but found he " could not stop thinking about it " .
He said that what was happening " violated everything I believed personally " .
After three agonising days of feeling torn between loyalty to his friends and to his moral conscience , Darby blew the whistle .
Zimbardo is now researching heroes such as Darby , " ordinary people who do extraordinary things when other people are doing bad or doing nothing " .
His findings so far indicate that there is nothing in background , belief or personality that would predict who these people will be .
The only certain thing , he says , is that " heroes are always deviants " : they always question authority .
" We just did a study in Italy , where we put people in a situation when authority makes you do something bad , to see who defied .
Nothing we measured before would have predicted the outcome .
All the people who defied could say is that they were more concerned about this other person than about the experiment or the authority .
They showed an ability to empathise . "
Most of us live in happy denial ; we are never tested .
I wonder how it must feel to have been tested as Zimbardo was , and to have been found wanting .
He got caught up in the Stanford experiment ; enmeshed in the values of the false system he had created , manipulative in protecting it , seemingly impervious to the suffering in front of him .
As a teenager Zimbardo read JM Barrie 's Admiral Crichton – the tale of the silent , honorable butler transformed into a leader when the family he works for are marooned on a desert island , had a big effect .
" It was one of the early awarenesses I had of the power of the situation . "
But this awareness did little to affect his own behaviour .
" Did [ Stanford ] change my sense of myself ?
Absolutely .
I grew up with the police as the enemy , they 're never for you .
And I become that thing that all my life I am against .
" At the time , you are not shocked , you are embedded in the situation .
There 's no guilt , no remorse , because there 's no perspective .
Afterwards , of course , I was ashamed .
I had changed within five days .
That is the more powerful lesson of the experiment than how the guards got into it : they were kids , I was a grown - up . "
The Stanford Prison Experiment is one of very few academic studies to have made it into the public consciousness .
I ask Dr Peter Banister , head of psychology at Manchester Metropolitan University and an expert in prisons , how it is regarded within the discipline .
He says it is seen as important , but not necessarily for its findings .
" In hindsight it is viewed as being ethically dubious ; it is regularly used now in exercises concerning ethical problems in psychology . "
" At the time there was no criticism , " says Zimbardo .
" It was a different era .
If I had done the study right now , there is no question that I would be sued by every guard and every prisoner .
These studies are in ethical time capsules .
They can not be done in a legitimate way now .
In fact , the pendulum has gone so far in the other direction , you can't even ask questions that might be stressful .
So my feelings are mixed .
Do I want to be part of an infamous study ?
No . "
Zimbardo and his wife live in a four - storey house overlooking San Francisco Bay , on the famous Lombard Street .
Tourists flock outside , and it is all brightness and light , a long way from evil .
The lighthouse beam from Alcatraz Prison , out in the bay , shines into his living - room .
" [ Stanford ] was a little week - long study , " he says , " but it has affected my whole life . "
' The Lucifer Effect ' by Philip Zimbardo ( Rider , £ 8.99 ) is published in paperback on Thursday
Our dark materials :
When the Lucifer Effect strikes
The Milgram Experiment
In the 1960s , Yale psychologist Stanley Milgram explored people 's willingness to inflict pain on others when ordered to do so .
A subject was ordered by a " teacher " in a lab coat to administer increasingly powerful electric shocks to a " learner " whenever the learner answered a question incorrectly ( teacher and learner were role - playing and no shocks were administered ) .
When the learner started screaming from pain , many subjects questioned whether to carry on , but most continued after being assured they would not be held accountable .
Milgram carried out his first experiment three months after the start of the trial of Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann .
As Milgram put it , " Could it be that Eichmann and his million accomplices in the Holocaust were just following orders ?
Could we call them all accomplices ? "
Deepcut barracks deaths
Between 1995 and 2002 , four young army recruits – Sean Benton , Cheryl James , Geoff Gray and James Collinson – were found dead as a result of bullet wounds at Princess Royal Barracks in Deepcut , Surrey .
The army said the wounds that caused their deaths were self - inflicted while on sentry duty .
A BBC Panorama documentary in 2002 then put forward what it claimed was evidence of systematic beatings and abuse at the barracks , alleging that the camp was " dominated by fear , violence and sexual harassment " .
The possibility of a public inquiry was ruled out .
An independent review in 2006 criticised the mistreatment of trainees at Deepcut , but concluded that the deaths were self - inflicted .
Russian Army brutalities
In 2006 , Sergeant Alexander Sivyakov of the Russian Army was convicted of beating an 18 - year - old private in his care so badly that his legs and genitals had to be removed .
The case outraged Russian society , leading to calls for the government to end its policy of national service .
In 2004 , the Human Rights Watch published a lengthy report about abuses in the army , in which it is alleged that senior NCOs brutally " initiate " new recruits by dedovshchina ( " The rule of the grandfathers " ) .
According to The New York Times , at least 292 Russian soldiers were killed by dedovshchina in 2005 and there were 3,500 reports of abuse .
The Russian military concedes that 16 of the recruits were murdered , but says the remainder committed suicide .
The office of Russia 's chief military prosecutor claimed the army was working hard to stamp out abuse .
Welsh children 's homes abuse scandal
In February 2000 , the North Wales children 's homes inquiry , headed by Ronald Waterhouse QC , led to the publication of " The Waterhouse Report " , which uncovered one of the 20th century 's biggest British child - abuse scandals .
It alleged that at least 650 children had been abused in homes in Clwyd and Gwynedd in the 1970s and 1980s .
The report also suggested the Welsh Social Services Inspectorate had carried out checks on only five homes over seven years , and noted that complaints were generally dismissed , police investigations poorly carried out and appeals to government ministers ignored .
In the wake of the report , it was estimated that 100 people were prosecuted for abusing children in their care , and around 50 more were investigated .
At least 12 of the abused children committed suicide , while many more lived troubled lives .
Victims included Steven Messham , who claimed to have been abused by over 40 people at the Bryn Estyn children 's home in Wrexham .
He has since spent much of his life in psychiatric hospitals .
Luiza Sauma
By ROBERT HARDMAN
Last updated at 00:24 16 March 2008
The wax is still melted on to the chalk pillar which served as an Easter Sunday altar for the men of the Suffolk Regiment more than 90 years ago .
Old helmets are scattered around the floor .
A heap of cans , including a tin of Turnwrights Toffee Delight , lies alongside a collection of old stone jars - flagons of rum , perhaps , to numb the fear of the battle ahead .
The word " Latrine " is still written above an arrow on a 30ft chalk pillar .
Next to it , two large rusting buckets sit beneath wooden holes .
Scroll down for more ...
Robert Hardman sits where troops once waited to attack
Further down the labyrinth , another arrow points up to " No 10 Exit " .
Here a staircase hacked into the rock leads up to a tunnel and on through 60ft of chalk towards the outside world .
Today , the tunnel is blocked .
In 1917 , it led to fresh air and daylight .
But it was also a stairway to hell .
And I feel extraordinarily privileged to be one of the few people to climb it without feeling the angel of death sitting on his shoulders .
After the best part of a century , a stupendous remnant of World War I can be unveiled to the world .
Scroll down for more ...
Toffee delight : Remains of soldiers ' food and drink
Here , beneath the northern French town of Arras , years of careful excavation have finally unveiled the secret city where 25,000 British and Commonwealth soldiers lived just yards beneath an unsuspecting enemy .
Canteens , chapels , power stations , a light railway and even a fully functioning hospital were all established in this chilly labyrinth where I am standing with freezing water dripping on my head .
Scarred by the devastating losses on the Somme in 1916 , British generals came up with a new strategy ahead of their next major offensive at Arras in 1917 .
A series of subterranean medieval quarries on the edge of the town would be linked by tunnels to create the most extensive underground network in British military history .
These were not narrow shafts for men on all fours to crawl along .
Tunnels had to be wide enough for soldiers to march in one direction and pass stretcher parties coming the other way .
The larger routes had to accommodate a supply railway as well .
Sweethearts : A drawing of a woman on a cave wall
It proved to be a mighty feat of engineering but , in the chaotic aftermath of war , it was simply forgotten and covered up .
But that neglect is our gain .
Today , much of it remains exactly as it was on that extraordinary morning in 1917 when , at the given signal , several British divisions burst forth under the noses of the enemy .
By the end of one day , they had advanced further into enemy territory than the entire British Army had advanced in years .
And yet the subsequent Battle of Arras would still see the worst bloodshed of the war .
As far as the Great War is concerned , the Arras discovery is on a par with the discovery of Tutankhamun 's tomb .
Next to a suburban supermarket , beneath a former camp site , the public can take a glass elevator from the 21st century straight down to the world of Tommy Atkins and bully beef .
Clever lighting and sound effects have created a mesmerising insight into life on the Western Front .
Accompanied by a bilingual expert and an excellent audioguide , parties of 20 are able to weave their way through an authentic slice of the Great War .
Scroll down for more ...
The museum entrance to the tunnels
And I have been allowed an exclusive wander among the chiselled walkways , wells and troughs , the 91 - year - old graffiti and wall etchings .
Who is that mysterious dark - haired sweetheart drawn on the wall next to the regimental cookhouse ?
Who carved an exquisite little crucifix into a pillar ?
The trenches , the poppy , the Somme and Flanders ' fields have become sacred elements of our national identity - and that of many other countries .
The received story is one of heroic failure and senseless slaughter .
We do not associate the Great War with much brilliance and ingenuity .
But that was not the case in Arras .
Hardman enters the tunnels through a manhole cover
The generals had learned a few lessons from the 1916 Battle of the Somme .
Chief among them was the fact that frontal assaults on well - defended enemy trenches and artillery were mass suicide .
As the Western Front stalemate continued from the North Sea to the Swiss border , the French hatched a grand plan to win the war in 48 hours .
They would smash through the German lines along the River Aisne in the spring of 1917 .
The British would play their part with a colossal pre-emptive strike around Arras 50 miles to the north .
A dazzling plan then took shape .
Today , Arras is an unremarkable town an hour 's drive south of Calais .
Most British tourists whizz past it on the autoroute as they drive to Paris and beyond .
But if they look out of the window , they will glimpse some clues to the carnage in these parts .
Beautifully tended Commonwealth War Graves are dotted on either side .
Soaring to the east is the stirring Canadian memorial to the 11,000 men who died in the heroic capture of Vimy Ridge .
It is often said that Canada came of age as a nation that day .
Arras was a forlorn and battered frontier town .
In 1914 , it had been captured by the Germans , recaptured by the French and then put under British control to allow the French to concentrate elsewhere .
In 1916 , it was a shell of a place .
Civilians had been evacuated and British occupied the ruins while the Germans , who held the higher ground , sat to the East lobbing shells into the town .
It was just another stalemate situation on the Western Front .
But , unseen by the Germans , something extraordinary was going on under the ground .
Scroll down for more ...
Behind Hardman is one of the exits used by the troops
As an ancient town with Roman origins , Arras had an extensive network of cellars , tunnels and sewers - known as boves - running beneath it .
But the Royal Engineers had also learned that the countryside between the British and German positions was full of underground caves from where chalk had been quarried during the Middle Ages .
Some were cathedral - sized caverns .
Sappers of the Royal Engineers decided that if they could link all these various subterranean holes in secret , an entire Army would be able to move safely from the rear to the front of the German positions and avoid all the initial horrors of the Somme .
Until then , tunnelling had merely been used by both sides to detonate explosives under enemy lines .
Now , it would take on a very different purpose .
It was a hugely ambitious plan , but the 500 men of the New Zealand Tunnelling Company - all professional miners - set to work with a battalion of " Bantams " , Yorkshire miners below the Army 's minimum height of 5ft 3in .
In a matter of months , they had created two interconnected labyrinths , 12 miles long and capable of hiding 25,000 troops .
The tunnellers named this dark , damp kingdom after home towns .
The southern part of the network became New Zealand .
From one huge quarry called Auckland , soldiers could march through to Wellington , Nelson , Blenheim , Christchurch , Dunedin and so on .
The northern section linked Glasgow , Edinburgh , Crewe and London among others , plus a side - tunnel which led to a trio of quarries called Jersey , Guernsey and Alderney .
Scroll down for more ...
This exit came up in Rietz Gardens
The Arras attack was set for Easter 1917 and , a week before , the generals started filling up their underground city .
It had to be done in total secrecy .
Alain Jacques , the spirited boss of Arras 's archaeology department , shows me how it happened .
" The soldiers could enter the network through a few cellars in the town and then walk for miles to their positions and wait there for days , " he says .
He has an old photograph of the dilapidated bakery in the Place des Heros in the middle of Arras .
Below it , two doorways have the letters " TOC " above them .
" This meant : ' To the Caves , ' " says Alain .
" You can still see where they went in . "
Sure enough , the bakery is in the same spot on this pretty square and doing a roaring trade .
One of the basement doorways is exactly the same ( these days it leads no further than a cellar ) .
It was an awesome feat of logistics .
Imagine marching a Premiership football crowd beneath your local newsagent and keeping them there for days .
Each quarry housed a whole regiment and was really a maze of caves propped up by huge chalk pillars , each of which had its own number .
The troops found their designated quarters by following the numbers .
There were strict orders on what should be in each cave - battalion headquarters in one , a sick bay in another , a kitchen area and so on .
Not far from Auckland , beneath what is now a manhole in the Rue St Quentin , the tunnellers built a whopping great 700 - bed hospital , complete with operating theatres and a mortuary .
It was christened Thompson 's Cave after Colonel A. G. Thompson of the Royal Army Medical Corps .
Scroll down for more ...
Homeward bound : The soldiers ' graffiti shows where their hearts lay
In this disorientating , half - lit underworld , men waited for more than a week , playing cards , singing and writing heartbreaking letters which should be on every school curriculum .
Writing to his wife and baby son by candlelight , Private Harry Holland scribbled : " Kiss our Harry for me .
When I see him again , it will take me all my time to catch him . "
Private Holland never saw another sunset , let alone baby Harry .
There might have been freezing water dripping from the ceiling but , compared to the trenches , this was a cushy billet .
When the time came , at 5.30 am on April 9 , 1917 , Easter Monday , the British Third Army marched down their exit tunnels , up their designated stairwells and out in to the open .
They found a bitter wind blowing sleet and rain in the faces of the enemy and a carefully timed artillery barrage blasting the enemy 's positions - ahead of them .
The German guns , already hammered by their British counterparts , had little time to readjust their sights and bring fire down on an enemy which was suddenly a mile closer than anyone had expected .
There was heavy fighting , of course .
Thousands of brave men , like Harry Holland , did not survive the day , but the losses were nothing like the Somme .
Germans surrendered bootless and still in night clothes .
Up in the northern sector , around Vimy Ridge , the Canadians faced much stiffer opposition but they , too , had been helped by their own intricate tunnel arrangements leading up to the German lines .
Day One of the Battle of Arras was , without doubt , a great success .
Within a couple of days , the Allies had advanced eight miles .
By the woeful standards of that war , it was like capturing a continent .
In the weeks ahead , the battle would revert to the familiar pattern of epic slaughter for tiny gains .
There would be a murderous battle in the skies , too , as Baron von Richtofen and his Flying Circus arrived in the Arras sector , reducing the life expectancy of British pilots from three weeks to 17 hours .
The war would drag on .
But the Arras tunnel network had done its job brilliantly .
Scroll down for more ...
A newspaper seller hands copies of the Daily Mail and the Mirror to a British soldier in Arras
Come Armistice , these tunnels were simply closed down and Arras was rebuilt .
People wanted to forget it all .
During World War II , a few locals with long memories used them as secret air raid shelters and then , once again , the caves were sealed .
And that is how they remained until 1990 when Alain Jacques decided to investigate .
" I could not understand why there was all this English writing on the pillars and signs to places such as Wellington , ' he says , still thrilled at the recollection of his discovery .
" And then I worked out that these must be the tunnels of the Great War .
We had no records of it , so I went to the archives of the Royal Engineers in Chatham and the Imperial War Museum , and it all became clear . "
He had discovered the Blenheim quarry .
Over the subsequent years , he would find much more .
In 1994 , a gas pipe repair led him to Thompson 's Cave .
Gradually , he worked out where the soldiers had emerged to meet the enemy .
His problem was that post - war Arras had simply expanded over the entire network and out into what had once been No Man 's Land .
Much of the network has collapsed , much else is extremely unsafe and French laws meant that there could be no question of opening any museum underneath private homes .
Along with Arras 's director of tourism , Jean - Marie Prestaux , Alain worked out that just one quarry - Wellington - had the potential for safe public access because it lay under a council - owned campsite .
Now , 18 years after Alain 's first discovery , a £ 3 million visitor centre and a lift have been constructed .
The Carriere Wellington , underground home of the Suffolk Regiment 91 years back , is , finally , open to the world .
" Everyone knows the Somme and Verdun , " says Jean - Marie as he shows me round his beloved project .
" Now people from all over the world will learn of Arras .
Even most French people know nothing of all this . "
When I finally resurface , blinking and speechless , into the daylight , I ask Alain to show me where the inhabitants of Wellington would have emerged on that freezing dawn in 1917 .
He takes me down several suburban streets , until we reach a crossroads on the Rue St Quentin .
" Here , " he says , " this is where they came out to fight the enemy . "
The scene could hardly be more poignant .
Full of fun and laughter , it is a children 's playground .
Wherever he may be , I am sure poor Harry Holland would approve .
[ nickjohnson ] sent in what might just be the most incredibly evil alarm clock ever .
It ’s a fairly simple pic project with a PIC , LCD and input buttons .
When the alarm goes off , you have to solve math problems before it will shut off .
If you answer correctly , you make it stop .
In my case , I ’d probably add a mute button that can be held down while you do the math .
Source , schematics and pcb layout are provided .
Download Download ( h/t Bill W )
Nickelodeon channel has announced that they will air a special on love and sex geared for their tween audience in light of the news of Nickelodeon TV actress Jamie Lynn Spears ' pregnancy at the age of 16 .
The show will reportedly be hosted by Linda Ellerbee , who has a series of news specials on Nickelodeon on events that kids that age will hear about but may not have the sophistication to understand the MSM reports on .
I 've watched several of these shows -- the one about AIDS was wonderfully sensitive and not at all inappropriate in terms of the information given to children -- and it 's good to see Nickelodeon approaching this head on .
But Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough is n't having any of it .
In his mind , Linda Ellerbee has a well - known " left of center " bias ( she is an unapologetic liberal ) and her show will no doubt endorse children having sex , as long as they wear condoms ?
WTF ???
From what orifice did you pull out that programming note , Joe ?
Listen as the age of the hypothetical children gets younger and younger and the agenda becomes more and more ridiculous as David Shuster challenges Scarborough on his fear of giving children age - appropriate sex ed facts .
Scarborough : I 'm not jumping on the ‘ abstinence only ' train .
I 'm just saying I do n't want Linda Ellerbee , who has always had a pronounced left of center world view , getting on talking about ... talking to 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 year olds about sex . [..]
Schuster : Joe , why are you against sex education ?
I do n't understand that .
Scarborough : I 'm not .
I 'm against people going on and having a high - falutin ' attitude .
People like you , speaking in condescending tones to those of us that are raising children in the heartland , telling us that our 12 year old kids should be able to have sex , but they just need to have contraceptives .
High - falutin ' attitude ?
Project much , Joe ?
By Angus Crawford
BBC News
A soldier from the Commonwealth who served more than four years in the British Army , including two tours in Iraq , has been told he can't become a British citizen because he applied on the wrong date .
Rogers Jean - Baptiste served two tours in Iraq
Rogers Jean - Baptiste was born in St Lucia .
He made his application this January , but was told by the Home Office that because on the same date five years earlier he was outside the UK he did n't qualify .
At that time he was actually serving on a British base in Germany .
" The adventure , the thrill ... I looked forward to wearing my uniform , wearing it with pride , " he said .
Rogers Jean - Baptiste knew exactly why he wanted to join the British army .
He has trophies for athletics and orienteering in his small room .
" Exemplary " is the single word written on his discharge certificate .
' Gob smacked '
He joined the British army in 2002 and the following year was sent abroad .
He completed a tour of Iraq and then volunteered to go back again .
He said : " The highlight of the tour .... on election day in Basra city .
Mortars were raining down ... we had trained for it day in and day out .
" When you get out there you just do the job . "
He became a Lance Corporal , left the service in 2006 and became a police community support officer .
Recently he was injured trying to detain a suspected robber .
On 17 January this year thinking he met relevant criteria , he applied to become a British citizen .
He was turned down .
Rogers Jean - Baptiste is now a police community support officer
" I felt insulted .
I felt humiliated , I was gob smacked , " he said .
The Home Office said to qualify he had to have been present in the UK on the same date five years earlier .
On 17 January 2003 , he'd been in the army for more than six months , but on the same day he was posted to Germany .
He was in British uniform but not on British soil .
Mr Jean Baptiste says he feels betrayed by the government .
" If I had died in battle .
The politicians would have told my family , " he was a hero " .
" But here I am , I 'm alive , I 'm trying to help myself and I 'm being turned down .
That is blatant hypocrisy . "
Exercise discretion
The Home Office disagrees .
It points out that he does have indefinite leave to remain , so can live and work here until he 's able to apply again in 2011 .
An official said " We do exercise discretion for members of the armed forces who have spent time outside the UK .
" But the law remains that applicants need to have been in the country at the beginning of their qualifying period for citizenship . "
But Mr Jean Baptiste says without a British passport he can't travel freely outside the UK .
More than this the refusal is , in his words , " a slap in the face " .
" It 's a waste of my time and of everything I fought for , " he says .
" It 's a betrayal " .
Thanks to a fix by Patrick Collison , utf - 8 now seems to work right .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gasoline has hit record levels - and experts say it will likely continue to soar in tandem with the skyrocketing price of crude .
The national average retail price for gas has risen about 30 cents in the past month to $ 3.279 a gallon , exceeding the all - time high set last year , according to the motorist organization AAA .
And experts say motorists should prepare to pay nearly $ 4 a gallon - and in some places even more than that - before the price of gas finally comes down in the late spring as high prices crimp demand .
The price of gasoline usually increases this time of year .
Several factors contribute to the runup :
Low refinery output due to maintenance , a switch from winter to pricier summer blends , and the looming high - demand summer driving season .
Experts say this time around the spike will be more pronounced , mostly due to the surging price of oil and , to a lesser extent , refiner 's attempts to grow their profit margins .
" It 's all crude , " said Tom Kloza , chief oil analyst at Oil Price Information Service .
" The crude market is morbidly obese . "
Oil prices - which account for 80 % of the price of a gallon of gas - have jumped 20 % in just over a month as investors pour money into commodities of all types .
Commodities like oil are seen as a hedge against inflation and the falling dollar - which has been trading at record lows - triggered by economic woes and interest rate cuts from the Federal Reserve .
Oil , already trading near $ 90 a barrel on the back of strong global demand , took off in February as the economy worsened and the Federal Reserve cut interest rates with crude now spiking to record highs on a near - daily basis - settling at a record $ 109.85 on March 13th .
But as oil prices rose gasoline prices stayed stagnant and profit margins enjoyed by refiners shrank .
Now those profit margins have become so small refiners have little incentive to make gasoline .
" The refiners are saying , ' Hey we 're not making any money , ' " said Tim Statts , vice president of risk management for Summit Energy , a firm that buys energy for big users .
" The gasoline price almost has to come up to continue bringing the product to market . "
According to John Kilduff , an energy analyst at the trading firm MF Global in New York , refiners are making about $ 6 off of every barrel of oil they turn into gasoline .
That 's down from over $ 38 a barrel last spring .
Refiners are operating at just 85 % capacity , down from a normal rate of around 90 % , according to figures from the Energy Information Administration .
Killduff said the low operating rate is partly due to refiners being shut down for maintenance but also due to the small profits they 're getting on gasoline .
" There 's no market incentive to rush your unit back into production , " he said .
" [ Gas prices ] can't go any lower in relation to crude . "
So how high will gas prices go ?
While several areas will see prices over $ 4 a gallon , Kloza said he expects the nationwide average to peak somewhere between $ 3.50 and $ 3.75 .
Kilduff is calling for a high of $ 3.50 , and Statts thinks we 'll see the $ 3.30s .
All three analysts think prices will peak early , in April or May , then decline as the economy worsens and demand for gas - already flat or falling - continues to deteriorate .
" [ The falloff in demand ] that occurs around $ 3.25 a gallon takes a lot of the mojo out of gasoline , " said Kloza .
" These prices are real speed bumps for the economy . "
By July 4 , when many Americans pack up the sedan and head for the mountains or beach , prices could be back around $ 3 .
If anyone can still afford a vacation .
Issue # 1 - America's
Money :
All this week at 12 pm ET , CNN explains how the weakening economy affects you .
Full coverage .
Mark Achbar , Producer and Co-director of the award winning documentary " The Corporation " just released an official " share " version of the documentary on BitTorrent .
Why ?
Well very simple , it ’s better to embrace new technologies like BitTorrent and other filesharing networks , than to fight them .
As Mark Achbar puts it :
“ When I discovered that over 500,000 people had downloaded The Corporation , I had mixed feelings .
As a filmmaker and activist , one of my goals is to reach the largest possible audience .
So from that perspective , it ’s an astounding success . ”
The movie discusses the power that large corporations have , and the harm they can do .
( take the MPAA and the RIAA for example ) Earlier this year Mark Achbar contacted TorrentFreak .
He was particulary interested in the power of filesharing , but also the marketing possibilities P2P networks have :
“ I agree that the vast majority of those who downloaded The Corporation , if they did n’t also see it in a theatre , or buy the DVD , would have beenâ€ ” and may still be willing toâ€ ” pay a bit toward the production costs , but there was just no mechanism for them to do it . ”
With this “ shareware ” version of the DVD Mark wanted to give the public a legal opportunity to download , enjoy , and share his movie .
However , he encourages the public to donate some money , or buy the DVD if they really like it .
Sounds fair .
“ THE CORPORATION was a huge undertaking .
Over two hundred people helped make the film , the DVD , and website , and worked on the outreach campaign , over a period of 8 years . ”
Achbar continues :
“ I think most people downloading the film understand what an enormous effort it is to make a film like this and will support it , if there ’s a reasonably easy way to .
So , I decided to release my own “ shareware ” version of the film , but with a short message at the beginning , asking viewers for a little financial consideration to help offset the costs of production and keep our outreach efforts going . ”
More info :
The Corporation “ FILMMAKER’S OFFICIAL NET EDITION ( DIVX ) ” can be downloaded over here .
The Corporation official homepage
It was nearly 10 p.m. on New Year 's Eve , 1982 .
Two officers on New York Police Department 's elite bomb squad rushed to headquarters at One Police Plaza , where minutes earlier an explosion had destroyed the entrance to the building .
Lying amid the carnage was Police Officer Rocco Pascarella , his lower leg blasted off .
" He was ripped up like someone took a box cutter and shredded his face , " remembered Detective Anthony Senft , one of the bomb - squad officers who answered the call 25 years ago .
" We really did n't even know that ...
( CNN ) --
A majority of Democrats would like to see Barack Obama rather than Hillary Clinton win their party 's presidential nomination , according to a national poll out Monday .
A new poll out Monday shows Democrats prefer Sen. Obama over Sen. Clinton to win the nomination .
Fifty - two percent of registered Democrats questioned in a new CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey say the senator from Illinois is their choice for president , with 45 percent supporting Clinton .
The poll also suggests Democrats are more enthusiastic about an Obama victory ( 45 percent ) than for a victory by the senator from New York ( 38 percent ) .
The two remaining major candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination are locked in a fierce battle for their party 's presidential nomination , with Obama holding a slight lead both in delegates and the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses to date .
" The same patterns that we have been seeing in recent exit polls are holding true for Democrats nationwide as well .
Obama 's biggest support comes from men , younger voters and independents who lean Democratic , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said .
" Clinton does best among women , older voters and whites .
One interesting difference , unlike the exit polls in many states , there is no difference in the national poll between college - educated Democrats and those who never attended college . "
The nomination could hinge on two major matters : superdelegates and the possibility of do - over primaries for Florida and Michigan .
The two states broke national Democratic Party rules by moving up the dates of their primaries to January .
None of the major Democratic candidates campaigned in the two states , and Obama 's name was n't even on the ballot in Michigan .
The national Democratic Party also banned Florida and Michigan 's delegates from attending the party 's national convention this summer .
But with the fight for the nomination nearly deadlocked and the reality that winning both Florida and Michigan is crucial for the Democrats to take back the White House in November , there 's now a movement toward letting both states vote again .
Watch more on the Florida , Michigan primaries »
Sixty - three percent of Democrats said the two states should hold new primaries , with 19 percent saying delegates from Florida and Michigan should be seated at the national convention based on the results of the January primaries , and 15 percent saying no delegates should be seated at all .
If Clinton and Obama finish the primary season with close to an equal number of pledged delegates , then superdelegates could decide which candidate wins the nomination .
There are nearly 800 superdelegates , mostly Democratic members of Congress , top elected state officials and leading members of the Democratic Party .
Fifty percent of those polled say that it's a bad idea for the party to have superdelegates , with 42 percent supporting the system .
Since the party is not going to scrap the superdelegates , the big question is how they should base their vote for the nomination .
Democrats appear split on this question -- 49 percent say that superdelegates should base their votes on their view of who would be the best candidate ; 46 percent say that superdelegates should base their votes on the results of the primaries and caucuses .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone March 14 - 16 , with 1 , 019 Americans questioned , including 463 registered voters who identify themselves as Democrats or independents who lean Democratic .
The survey has a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points .
E-mail to a friend
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Elections and Voting
Why do people want to lose weight ?
While this seems like an obvious question , it does merit answering .
There are two major reasons : health concerns and appearance .
Being obese increases the risk of suffering from many diseases ( e.g. : diabetes ) .
On the appearance side , individuals may experience social pressure to lose ( or possibly gain ) weight .
Further , individuals may want to maintain a healthy body appearance to attract a mate .
Jeffery Sobal is an expert in obesity studies .
According to his 2003 study , activities which directly affect weight are caloric intake , physical activity and smoking .
One of the more interesting questions is how an individual ’s marriage status affects obesity .
It is generally found that –even controlling for age and other covariates –married individuals are more likely to be overweight than non-married individuals .
Why is this the case .
Sobal cites some studies which attempt to explain this .
After citing all this evidence , Sobal and co-authors state 4 hyptotheses to test :
Marital trajectories that are stable are related to stable body weights , marital trajectories entering marriage are related to weight gain , marital trajectories dissolving marriage are related to weight loss , marital trajectories involving the death of a spouse are related to weight loss .
Sobal uses data from from the National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey ( NHANES I ) .
A 10 year follow up survey of the participants is collected in the National Health and Nutrition Epidemiological Followup Survey ( NHEFS ) .
The authors use an OLS specification with a lagged dependent variable ( i.e. , lagged BMI ) in order to estimate the impact of marital status on weight .
Sobal , Rauschenbach and Frongillo conclude the following :
Stable marital trajectories were not associated with significant weight changes , except for weight loss among men who remained separated / divorced .
Marital trajectories involving entry into marriage were associated with weight gain among women , but not among men .
Marital trajectories involving dissolving marriages were associated with weight loss among men , but not women .
Marital trajectories involving death of a spouse were associated with weight loss among men , but not women .
Marital and other demographic characteristics were better predictors of weight loss than weight gain .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Sequoia Voting Systems Website Hacked "
( 17 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 3/21/2008 @ 10:14 am PT ...
Wow , am I wondering what the contents of that hack were !
Here 's what I just emailed to the Attorney General 's office ( division of elections ) :
As a voter whose county in California also uses Sequoia Voting Systems , I am appalled to read that Sequoia has threatened a lawsuit if its Advantage model is independently investigated by Princeton experts or others .
Elections must belong to the people , not to the corporations .
If you allow Sequoia 's campaign of terror to intimidate you into halting the previously arranged investigation , then the terrorists have won .
Stand up to these intimidation tactics .
Stand up for the voters .
Stand up for democracy .
Thank you .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Michael said on 3/21/2008 @ 11:16 am PT ...
No wonder they are so sure that Hillary Clinton will win in Pennsylvania .
She can not lose .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in FL - 13 said on 3/21/2008 @ 11:54 am PT ...
HehhehehAHHWEeeEE !
DELICIOUS !!
What a bunch of ass - bags .
Emily ( # 1 ) - me , too .
I 'd LOVE to know what ED FELTON saw ...
Although porn would be delightful , I have a wonderful fantasty that someone hacked in with FACTUAL information about the failures / breeches of SEQUOIA 's own system just " for one brief shining moment " , to off - set their mountain of lies .
... I do giggle for the first time all month .
Thanks , Brad !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Styve said on 3/21/2008 @ 2:26 pm PT ...
Someone must have gotten some screenshots , I would think ?!
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... B said on 3/21/2008 @ 2:31 pm PT ...
Someone in gov't could code a touch - screen and paper ballot backup system , or gov't could pay someone to do it , either way " the people " would own it and could verify everything , but by using business , business can claim intellectual property and prevent the people from seeing how the software dupes them .
The duping is n't about using imitation crab in your sushi either .
It is about who sits in the white house , so you 'd think the MSM would go apoplectic , unless they were owned , in which case it falls to the people .
They will do it in a less refined and perhaps undignified way that will be broadcast on YouTube like Saddam 's hanging .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 3/21/2008 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/21/2008 @ 6:58 pm PT ...
B said - Someone in gov't could code a touch - screen and paper ballot backup system , or gov't could pay someone to do it , either way " the people " would own it and could verify everything No .
They can't .
Because no touch - screen system --- " paper trail " or no --- can ever offer voters verification that they recorded the votes as the voter intended .
Touch - Screens ( DREs ) are unsuitable for American democracy .
No matter who designs them , and no matter how they " work " .
Period .
Short on time , so for now , much more info here for ya : https://bradblog.com/Holt
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Michael g said on 3/21/2008 @ 8:17 pm PT ...
It was probably a typical 9 - year - old just having some fun ...
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/21/2008 @ 8:26 pm PT ...
We love irony ... here @ the Brad Blog .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/21/2008 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
BradBlog makes a lot of sense .
He does n't just single out Wally O'Diebold , he keeps an eye on all those electronic vendor / traitors to society .
It 's not moral for them to cry about intellectual property , while it 's been proven that these machines can be rigged .
I 'm not an expert on this topic like most of the folks here , but it appears that Rove / Bush have stolen elections .
They seem to be trying to do that again .
No one with any good sense would vote for McCain over Obama .
I think it 's great that the pastors have stepped forward .
McCain's Pastor , a crazy wingnut " Rod Parsley : Planned Parenthood = KKK , Nazis "
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw8-9AGGsQw
Obama's Pastor , a man of peace and a talented orator " FOX Lies !!
Barack Obama Pastor Wright "
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOdlnzkeoyQ
Pastor Wright makes a lot of sense .
McCain 's pastor is the real story .
Wow .
What a nutjob .
McCain can only be elected through election fraud .
No one sane is gonna vote for a 100 year war in the Middle East .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... jeff said on 3/21/2008 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
I 'm in New Jersey and familiar with parts of this issue .
It 's important to understand our election certifications are n't done by the secretary of state , as are most states .
The Attorney General is both top law - enforcement officer ( head of the state police and the state proseuctor in both civil and criminal court ) and also is the state 's top election official .
Interesting mix , huh , Brad ?
Plus , our New Jersey legislature enacted law that went into effect January 2008 requiring verified paper ballots in EVERY NJ election .
I 'm convinced the AG is conspiring to avoid verifiable polls until after the November elections .
The foot - dragging is out of character in her demonstration of her other law enforcement duties .
On top of that , she 's openly ignoring a law she 's under oath to enforce .
Taxpayers do n't pay her to make excuses for Sequoia , just to enforce the law our representative government adopted .
I see no reason for her not to simply say to the NJ machine manufacturers , " Too bad , so sad , if you do n't have machines we can independently certify by election , you 're done doing business in NJ and we 'll sue you to pay the added costs of a hand - paper election . "
See how fast they'd get the mechanical bugs worked out then .
How they do it --- overtime , cost overruns , allowing third - party --- is n't her or our problem , or should n't be .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... jeff said on 3/22/2008 @ 6:53 am PT ...
Another thing about the play of events here in NJ that I found odd .
Soon after the November elections , NJ AG Anne Milgram ( AG since June ) announced she and a couple of other people met with the electronic vote vendors and agreed they needed until May 1 to comply with the law taking effect in January requiring county clerks to have printers on voting machines to produce voter - verified paper votes .
That timing conveniently covered 2 of the 3 elections in 2008 : the February primaries and the April school board elections .
The machines failed , again , in some places in the primaries , which you would think would solidify resolve to make the companies comply with the law by November .
Instead , a couple of weeks later she announces that now she wants the voting machine companies to have until next January to comply with the law that went into effect this January .
But , this time , she asked for legislation to postpone the law .
I did n't see any reports in December that the law would be amended to extend the deadline to May .
If they did n't do that , I 'm thinking our primaries may not even be legally valid .
Even though it was after the primaries when she announced this new delay , legislators raced to expedite that waiver on both floors , and I think it was sent to Gov. Corzine ( one of Clinton 's top cheerleaders ) two weeks ago to sign .
I 've never noticed our weak legislature moving this fast on anything --- ANYTHING .
When I read a long article with quotes from several NJ legislators about the urgency of extending the deadline for voter - verified paper ballots , it just did n't pass the smell test .
The November election was still 9 months away .
1 ) Why were our legislators working on the taxpayers ' dime to concede defeat FOR voting machine companies that already were on notice since early 2007 that they'd have to attach voter - verified printers to every NJ machine by January 2008 ?
2 ) No one ever asked or offered explanation as to what will be done in the 10th month that could n't be done by the 9th month with a little overtime on the companies ' books .
3 ) Compliance with the new law is the responsibility of county clerks , not these particular companies , to provide paper backup votes on any machine they choose to use .
Nine months is enough time for clerks to come up with a Plan B if their vendors did n't come through in time .
We 're densely populated but we 're not stupid here , and we 're not short on supplies of paper and labor to hand count ballots if it were done the old - fashioned way .
In my observation , the voting itself takes longer on the machines than it used to on paper .
It 's merely the convenience of the count that we 're talking about here .
But no legislator interviewed in the newspaper articles I read were asked or answered any of these questions .
Republicans and Democrats and our ever - enabling " newspapers " alike here moved this thing through without questioning alternatives and without regard to voters ' opinions .
I see no logic in the urgency to pass this postponement of enforcing the law .
It 's just not workin ' for me , man .
P.S. , Brad , I wish you 'd reconsider your criticism of the Holt bill .
I think it 's fair and considers the realities of how local elections offices operate .
I do n't like DREs either , but they 're here to stay until someone builds a better mouse trap .
Holt 's bill has the money to encourage someone to engineer and sell that better mouse trap .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 3/22/2008 @ 11:56 am PT ...
Jeff , the better mousetrap is voter - marked paper ballots that can be preserved for manual recounts should the circumstances so merit .
We already have the wheel , you need n't try to pretend to reinvent it .
We imposed this system on Japan and Germany after WWII to ensure that corrupting their elections would be impossible .
Please go invent something that does n't have to do with outsourcing our democracy !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/22/2008 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
# 13 czaragorn - Amen .
Have paper ballots with clear directions .
People then use the marker to select their candidates and referendum choices .
When I read someone say essentially that we need to get over it , that electronic voting machines are here to stay , I wonder if the person works for one of the vendors or for a place like Netvocates .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/22/2008 @ 9:57 pm PT ...
This is the same Sequoia that used ballot paper that was rejected twice by their own employees in the 2000 election in " Hanging Chadsville , " Florida , that initiated the whole push to electronic voting .
F*cking scumbags do n't want to end up like Diebold .
Too bad .
It 's their own fault .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/23/2008 @ 12:33 pm PT ...
That makes him a person of interest ... ... oh the ironies ... you are ' doin a heckuva job ' Sequential ... what election problems ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/23/2008 @ 12:33 pm PT ...
i Phone 1.1.3 Jailbreak app for OS X now available
Here ’s a quick update for you iPhone owners running OS X who want to get in on the 1.1.3 jailbreaking fun .
We told you that Nate was working on a solution for Mac users , and he just published it .
It is n’t as pretty as iBrickr is on the Windows side of things , but it works .
Click below to download the DMG file , which will launch Terminal .
Follow the instructions in the Terminal window , and you are good to go .
We will have video tutorials available soon over at Bleeding Edge TV .
For more info on the OS X download , hit the 1.1.3 jailbreak page .
UPDATE : Here is a video tutorial showing you how to jailbreak your 1.1.3 iPhone on OS X !
Read More | iPhone 1.1.3 Jailbreak OS X Download
T he current state of Muslims is downright depressing , conflicted by internal , ideological wars , pagan nationalism and tribalism .
As Muslims , we love to blame the West and Israel for our current terrible state .
This is pure denial and a convenient way of not doing much to change our situation because change for the better is difficult to achieve .
Real change starts with individuals who make the choice and commitment to change .
It also involves a lot of hard work and asking some serious questions .
Relative to the 15 million to 20 million - strong Jewish community worldwide , there are more than 1 billion Muslims living on this planet today ; yet the Jewish community has produced many more scientists , writers , poets , musicians and statesmen than Muslims in the last 200 years and generally is a more active , productive and influential player in the global economy .
Both communities continue to waste precious time , energy and resources fighting each other – bookends of the same prophetic lineage .
We have fallen victim to power struggles ; in the process , the weakest members of our societies end up suffering .
Ironically , between the 8th and 14th centuries in Andalusia ( southern Spain and Morocco today ) it was a different story .
During that time , Christians , Muslims and Jews all lived together in a golden age of intellectual creativity , tolerance , respect and harmony .
Andalusia was a shining light for the world , producing great scholars like the philosopher and scientist Ibn Rushd , also known as Averroes , who some credit with being the founding father of secular thought in western Europe , and the great Islamic mystic Ibn al - Arabi .
Ibn Haldun laid out the foundation for modern management , psychology and sociology .
Abu al - Qasim , known in the West as Abulcasis , is regarded as the father of modern surgery .
Had Nobel Prizes existed during that era , many Muslims would have won them .
The Muslims of Andalusia were as devoted to serving humanity as they were to the study of the sciences and commerce , if not more so .
They asked challenging questions and worked hard to find reasonable answers using their intellect .
Media - savvy individuals claim to speak in the name of Islam or on behalf of all Muslims , but they do more harm than good , falling prey to the fame they gain from being controversial over their use of unwise words .
They do an injustice to non-Muslims by creating false perceptions of Islam and play a major role in creating a prison of prejudice .
They are not Muslims by choice but by inheritance , like inheriting a piece of property .
Accepting and practising Islam is against their way of life but they still claim to be Muslims .
If you cannot agree with the texts and principles , then why bother calling yourself a Muslim ?
Calling some of them nihilists might be more appropriate .
Ultimately , the quest for truth demands rigorous research , clarity of thought , trust , humility , perseverance , consistency and the avoidance of judgment without understanding .
Are Muslims today up to the challenge ?
Do we have the intellectual capacity to respond ?
Are we familiar enough with Islamic scripture to have the courage to remain faithful to core principles ?
Are we ready to invest the time and energy needed to resolve issues and promote understanding based on the original scriptures and message of the Prophet ?
Perhaps , if we can first learn from our roots , know where we come from and understand what shapes who we are today .
After resolving the identity crises endemic within Muslim societies , we will then be ready to discuss with each other issues facing humanity , based on diversity , equality and common values .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Yilmaz Alimoglu , an electrical engineer with a management degree , works as a consultant in the high - tech field .
READER COMMENTS ON
" WA GOP Chair , Esser the Suppressor : ' To win the election , we have to keep as many of these loudmouth leftists and shiftless deadbeats away from the polls as possible ' "
( 32 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
Yep , that splains it ... all I want to know is where did he give that sermon ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:22 pm PT ...
This guy is the best candidate for High Priest of The Election Religion I have seen yet .
Keep the " what election problems " faith baby ...
TAKE UP THY DRE AND WALK !!!!!
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:31 pm PT ...
Are the Huckster 's supporters loudmouth leftists or shiftless deadbeats , I wonder .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:35 pm PT ...
There is a funny side of this .
The editors of the paper where he wrote that article , had this to say about supresser 's madness :
Editor 's note : Mr. Esser 's opinions do not necessarily reflect those tof the editors and staff of the Daily .
In fact , they do n't even come close .
( Original Column , emphasis added ) .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Liberty Belle said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:38 pm PT ...
I suggest that precinct walkers in Washington state pass this out door to door and arouse the righteous anger of every " shiftless deadbeat " to vote these bigoted hatemongers out of office .
If I were there , I would organize a march to the polls by Democrats with signs proclaiming " The only shiftless deadbeat is running the GOP ! "
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Neil_ski said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:46 pm PT ...
What a perfect example of a Republican monster .
I can't believe how these losers can justify such abhorrent behavior .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... charlie said on 2/11/2008 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
what a fascist scumbag !
the republic is lost and democracy is dying .
is anyone investagating him on voter supression ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brandon said on 2/11/2008 @ 1:30 pm PT ...
God ... this is the kind of guy that gives Republicans such a bad name , as if Bush had n't done enough to it .
When the hell are they going to realize that by rigging elections and ignoring their members , trying to run from the top down as a dictatorship is the whole reason Democrats are coming out with far superior numbers ?
They are telling the people in their party that we do n't matter , and then they expect us to rally behind whoever they choose .
NOT THIS TIME .
Most of us Ron Paul people will make sure that they lose the general election after how we 've been treated .
The Republican party needs to be destroyed and reubuilt from the base up .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/11/2008 @ 1:31 pm PT ...
Wow .
Keeping leftist loudmouths and shiftless deadbeats away from the polls ... is that part of his job description ?
Will he put that on his resume under " Professional Accomplishments " or " Career Goals ? "
Me thinks he 's been taking Rush Limbaugh and Bill O'Reilly 's style too seriously .
I had always thought that our current Repub president was a shiftless deadbeat ...
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Steve B said on 2/11/2008 @ 1:51 pm PT ...
Brandon # 8 Sadly , Democrats have their quota of people of the same persuasion of Mr. Esser .
Most of them are smart enough not to be a walking billboard for their viewpoint .
They prefer to do their dirty work in the shadows .
These Democrats have also been taken to school by the Bush neocon crowd who have shown them that this approach can be very successful and profitable if handled correctly .
I am sure that there are prominent insiders amongst the Democrats who are eager to begin practicing their new found skills at the earliest opportunity .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... nyred said on 2/11/2008 @ 2:35 pm PT ...
What 's the big deal ?
Is Mike Huckabee going to pull a miracle win out of nowhere and get the GOP nomination ?
If he wo n't ... why does it matter ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 2/11/2008 @ 2:43 pm PT ...
Hmmm ... gop ( Greedy Old Perverts )
Pay their warriors $.10 per post
on dem / left blogs as heard on the Thom Hartmann show today .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
Brandon # 8 I respect your take and think it is accurate in large measure .
But this guy would give anyone a bad name .
It is not democrats that are coming out in record numbers ... no ...
I think the people who are voting in record numbers " on the dem side " are independents and switch - over republicans as well as others .
The democrats cannot take credit alone for these double and triple turnout numbers .
Only the voters themselves deserve the accolades .
This is a REJECTION election and vote .
If the candidates and pundits think it is about them , they will be making mistake after mistake , wrong prediction after wrong prediction .
NO .
It is not about them .
It is about the wrath of the people ... whether democrat , independent , republican , or other , who have a mind and heart of their own to express .
It is the people who are rejecting the establishment status quo Amurkan madness .
Can we say RADICAL ?
This election cycle is a radical departure .
Only those paralyzed with fear , which this time hits republicans hardest , are staying with the status quo neoCon agenda .
It is RADICAL that Barack is seemingly kicking ass .
And radical in these premises is very , very good !!!
But the truth is that he is just more out of the way of the people 's wrath than the others are , and that makes him more one of the people than the others in that sense .
He does n't like slaughtering nations , taking American money and wasting it slaughtering nations , or hatred of the Esser type .
VOTE RADICAL !!!!
The machines can't handle it !!!!
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
Steve B # 10
That is bullshit without at least an example .
I have a thousand points of darkness in the preznit blush regime as evidence , and you must first point out an equal number of democrats currently in power before we compare notes .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 2:57 pm PT ...
Nyred # 11
The " it " you are referring to is decent , honest , fair , reputable , humane , kind , american , behavior and thinking .
It matters and if you need that to be explained , all I can say is that you are Esserteric .
Somehow , I suspect that you are being sarcastic , which is fine and I get your drift .
Huck deserves all the votes that people cast for him .
And each and every voter must have their vote count and apply to the candidate of their choice .
Period .
Dorks like Esser have absolutely zero say in this matter .
He negated what the troops claim they are fighting to preserve .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... looking out for you said on 2/11/2008 @ 3:14 pm PT ...
Kay in Maine aka WhiteNoiseInsanity is no friend to Barack Obama .
On her blog on January 24 she called him " republican - lite . "
" ( Hillary , Obama , Edwards ) are nothing but republican - lite . " proof : " http://whitenoiseinsanity.com/2008/01/24/dennis-kucinich-has-dropped-out-of-the-presidential-race/ "
On January 26 she called Obama a " warmonger . " " ... warmongers such as Stallone , McCrazy , Edwards , Hillary , Romney , George Bush , Dick Cheney , Paul Wolfowitz , Obama , Guiliani , and others who keep wars going and continue to fund them even though they know the “ war ” is now an illegal occupation of a sovereign nation ? " proof : " http://whitenoiseinsanity.wordpress.com/2008/01/26/john-mccain-has-ramborocky-on-his-side-he-must-be-desperate/ "
It is quite possible she will remove the above posts because of her unflattering assessment of Obama , but the proof and original postings have been documented here : " http://whitenoiseinsanitywatch.blogspot.com/2008/02/kkkay-calls-barack-obama-warmonger-and.html " /
Make no mistake , Kay is no friend to any Obama supporter or anyone else , for that matter .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 2/11/2008 @ 3:24 pm PT ...
Some things just make ya wonder . . . . .
Within minutes of interviewing a guest on the Don Siegelman story Hartmann 's isdn line released cutting him off the air . . .
He did return several minutes later .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/11/2008 @ 3:48 pm PT ...
Yes , Brad , in that Seattle Times article you linked , it shows the Republicans ran headlong into something they could n't handle when they challenged the 2004 election of Democratic Gov. Christine Gregoire :
They ran into " The Rule of Law . "
And the rule of law says the challenger has to prove to the satisfaction of the court that the official election result is wrong and should be nullified by the court , which I suspect Esser is still bitter about .
That article , and one in the Seattle Post Intelligencer , http://seattlepi.nwsourc...7307_judgerules06ww.html , show the Republicans complained about illegal voting , deficiencies in " ballot security , " " irregularities , " and " errors and mismanagement by election workers and their supervisors . "
But the judge " said Republicans did not meet the burden of proof for nullifying an election . "
The judge said , yes , " there was evidence of irregularities , 'as there appears to be in every election , ' but there was " ' not clear and convincing evidence that improper conduct or irregularities procured Ms. Gregoire 's election to the office of governor . ' "
The judge said , yes , there were " errors and mismanagement by election workers and their supervisors " but " there is no evidence that the significant errors that occurred resulted from intentional misconduct or someone 's desire to manipulate the election . "
The judge said , " This court is not in a position to fix the deficiencies in the elections process that we heard about in the courtroom , " he said .
Yes , the judge " did accept the claim that some people voted illegally in the election , but said their was little proof of which candidate benefited from those votes , " so he did not nullify the election . " ' There is no evidence before the court to question ballot security as to those ballots actually counted , " Bridges said , knocking down another Republican claim about King County . "
" The judge repeated the fact that there was no official fraud claim in the case , but then said that in any case , he saw no evidence of fraud . "
The Republicans , of course , were not happy with the judge 's ruling , saying , " We believe he has established a bar so high , it 's virtually impossible to contest an election in this state . "
Yes , the Republicans learned it is very high bar you must clear to nullify an election .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 4:30 pm PT ...
JoJ # 17 Yeah I hear you .
Like what neoCon Specter is saying in the Senate as we blog this very moment ...
He wants the preznit blush regime , Muckassy at the lead , to be substituted for the telecoms in the 40 some odd pending lawsuits , instead of them defending their own crimes .
It is a " compromise " they say .
It is bullshit I say .
When I tap your phone and invade your privacy that is not the government doing it .
I should have to pay to defend , not the taxpayers .
These fascists want US to pay for the fascist NAZI activity of the criminals who can afford their own lawyers .
Amurka is one sicko MFer bro .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 2/11/2008 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
Dredd ... specter who dat ? ... Oh !!!
The Alien Sphincter Injustice Probe . . .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 2/11/2008 @ 6:20 pm PT ...
# 16 I like kayinmaine and have felt the same way that she did about warmongers .
There have been some things that have come out .
Like Obama voted to ban cluster bombs .
Clinton wanted to keep them .
She was for the Iraq war and Obama was against it .
In the run up the black community were the most outspoken opponents .
When you change your mind .. it shows you are still using it .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... MICHAEL K RILEY said on 2/11/2008 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
The issue(s ) relating back to Bush v. Gore ( 2000 ) still remain unsettled .
Voters have no rights to elect the President of the United States ( POTUS ) .
Attorney Gary Michael Coutin is filing a lawsuit to address this matter by challenging the constitutionality of the Electoral College .
One " man " , one vote does n't apply to the POTUS election .
Who ever voted for an Elector ?
California has 55 .
Nobody I talked to could name one .
Until we abolish the Electoral College , history will most certainly repeat itself .
Do n't buy into this delegate and " super delegate " BS .
Take back the power we deserve .
www.commonsenseproductions.org
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/11/2008 @ 7:11 pm PT ...
Michael K. Riley # 22
" Do n't buy into this delegate ' super delegate ' BS . "
Absolutely right .
I never knew of this super delegate stuff until today and it 's just wrong .
Under that system , it does n't matter if either Hillary or Barack got the majority Dem votes because the superdelegates , chosen by the party , not by you and me , can select whoever they want at the nominating convention .
" Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama will need 2,025 delegates to win the Democratic nomination .
That means the 796 super delegates make up nearly 40 percent of the number of votes needed to wrap up the nomination .
Republicans do not have super delegates . "
Why did I even vote if my vote is counted and then ignored by the super delegates and the Democratic Party ?
What is a super delegate ?
see here :
http://www.phillyburbs.c...21-02092008-1485174.html
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... KayInMaine said on 2/11/2008 @ 7:25 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 2/11/2008 @ 3:24 pm PT ...
Let me guess .
You 're either Karol or Mirth of AMERICAblog owned by a former republican and who are also former republicans pretending to be progressive / liberals ?
Not surprised .
I like Obama now .
Get over it !
LOL
And guess what ?
My vote for him in Maine yesterday counted .
How about your vote in your caucus ?
Oh that 's right !
You 're just like the Romney boys who are saving the world by riding around in a tour bus and blogging !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/11/2008 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
KayInMaine # 23
Were you in reference to post # 17 or # 16 ?
JoJ did n't refer to you , " LookingOutForYou " is the one who outed you or slimed you ... depending on one 's viewpoint .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 2/11/2008 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
Hehheehehhe ...
Re ;#12 ... Nothin to splain here ... Consider the source .
Thanks Mr. Dredd ,
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 2/12/2008 @ 1:50 am PT ...
JUDGE OF JUDGES : 10 cents per post on a liberal blog ?
I knew these sad trolls were getting paid .
I 'm going to have to download that Hartmann episode .
That 's funny !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 2/12/2008 @ 1:54 am PT ...
Poor Huckabee .
Do n't any of these politicians realize that our electoral system is a scam these days .
What does it take to get these guys on the ball ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/12/2008 @ 1:35 pm PT ...
This episode gives new meaning to B. Esser Yep , in the Kingdom of R , B. Esser is the court jester .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Joel Johnston said on 2/13/2008 @ 11:39 pm PT ...
wow , is this a new definition for Deadbeat ?
I 'm used to hearing Fathers that are stripped of their children when they are convicted of divorce being called deadbeats .
I 've yet to see one presidential candidate mention restoring faith in families , so young men will actually begin getting married again , so if the do get divorced , they will at least be given the right to have access to their children .
Both uses of the term Deadbeat are unacceptable , and just as politically charge .
Esser , the new Deadbeat Aggressor .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Brad said on 2/14/2008 @ 8:02 am PT ...
Esser is a shady character ... sketchy results
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/16/2008 @ 6:33 pm PT ...
Investment bankers always seem to think it is about them .
In fact , interest rate policy should be driven by the economic fundamentals , and not market sentiment .
There was initially some disappointment on Wall Street yesterday that the US Federal Reserve had cut interest rates by " only " 75 basis points , when the demand had been for nothing less than the full 100 points .
Yet the speed and decisiveness with which the Fed has acted to forestall the collapse of Bear Stearns and underpin confidence in the markets has impressed everyone .
Going into the interest rate decision , the Fed 's credit was riding high .
After a period when he seemed asleep at the wheel and apparently oblivious to the seriousness of the crisis facing the markets and the wider economy , Ben Bernanke , the Fed chairman , had in the eyes of Wall Street redeemed himself .
Like his predecessor , Alan Greenspan , for the moment Mr Bernanke can do no wrong .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Why , he 's even had the temerity to defy the financial markets because of fears about rising inflation and refuse to give them exactly what they wanted .
What even a few months ago would have been regarded as a sign of denial seems today to be thought of as the actions of a man now fully in control of events .
It 's quite a turnaround in perceptions , and the Dow surged last night on the back of it .
The cut of " just " 75 basis points seemed like a much - needed return to normality .
Anything bigger , and the markets might have thought he was panicking .
As it is , the Federal Open Markets Committee still has enough of a sense of perspective to realise that inflation is still a problem .
Rate cuts so deep that they might increase it would only raise longer - term interest rates and thereby add to the misery of mortgage holders .
The Fed seems finally to be recovering some of its poise .
More importantly , it has realised that interest rates are there to address growth and inflation , not in itself distress in financial markets .
Other tools , which are now being amply applied , are available to treat that particular sickness .
For the moment at least , the markets seem convinced .
Bad-mouthing : Lehman reassures
With bank shares rebounding strongly on both sides of the Atlantic even ahead of the Fed 's rate cut , is the crisis in confidence across financial markets finally starting to ease ?
So many false dawns have already been hailed in this ever - deepening collapse , that only a fool would pronounce it over on the evidence of just one day of slightly better sentiment .
There are certainly more bumps and traumas to come , yet as I suggested here yesterday in writing about Bear Stearns , we may finally have entered the end game .
Support for this view can be seen in results from Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs .
Nobody ever doubted the ability of Goldman Sachs to sail through the crisis largely unscathed , yet the rumour - mongering and loss of confidence that did for Bear Stearns was never far from Lehman 's door .
So intense had the bad - mouthing become that the Fed has had to warn investment bankers to cool it and stop trying to make money out of each other 's misery .
Lehman's is another second - tier Wall Street player , and , like Bear Stearns , it has been a big underwriter of mortgage - backed securities .
Yet the investment bank 's results statement yesterday seemed to lay to rest market concerns over its health .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Lehman's has long claimed that , having nearly gone bust in the Russian debt crisis of 1998 , the financial implosion that sunk Long Term Capital Management , it has learned its lesson , and has since prepared itself for the worst that markets can throw at it .
If investors have doubted this , yesterday 's results seem to confirm ample defences , with $ 34bn of liquid assets and a further $ 153bn of other assets that can easily be drawn on .
On the face of it , this does n't look like a bank which is about to suffer a liquidity squeeze .
The results have been harmed not just by writeoffs , but , as you would expect given what 's happened , a big fall - off in fixed - income revenues .
On a grander scale , it was a pattern mirrored in results from Goldman Sachs .
The results confirm the self - evident – that the age of plenty in investment banking is for the time being over .
Returns , bonuses and employment over the coming year will be cut sharply .
Yet Lehman 's is at least still standing firm , and likely to remain that way .
Whether the same can be said about everyone else is still up in the air .
Rumours continue to swirl around UBS , which , for a bank still so dependent on traditional , Swiss , wealth management , is particularly dangerous .
For the record , UBS denies any outflow from prime brokerage , and points to figures for wealth management from January showing continued net inflows .
Whatever .
Both the Lehman and Goldman numbers demonstrated a degree of clarity which has been lacking to date .
Bankers are getting to the stage where they can with some degree of confidence quantify what 's out there , and investors may be starting to believe them .
Bear Stearns : hope springs eternal
Is JPMorgan Chase 's acquisition of Bear Stearns at the token price of $ 2 a share quite the done deal it pretends to be ?
With the shares trading at around three times that amount , there is obviously some residual hope of rivals coming in , or at least of Jamie Dimon , JPMorgan 's chairman , being persuaded to pay more .
This scarcely looks realistic .
Some of the share price rebound is admittedly down to short positions being closed out , but , as with Northern Rock , there is also lots of hedge fund activity in anticipation of further action to come .
The debate over valuation is eerily reminiscent of Northern Rock too , with shareholders pointing to a book value of way in excess of what JPMorgan is proposing to pay , but JPMorgan , apparently backed by the Bear Stearns board , is arguing that without the support of its balance sheet and the $ 30bn facility being provided by the US Federal Reserve , the shares would be worth nothing at all .
Technically , shareholders still have the power to frustrate the bid .
Out of bloody - mindedness alone , some might take the view that , having lost virtually everything already , they would have little more to lose by putting Bear Stearns into bankruptcy proceedings .
The law in this area is unclear , but it may be possible for the authorities to over - ride the shareholders and enforce a JPMorgan takeover .
What 's more , the Bear Stearns board has already signed away the rights to its New York building to Mr Dimon in the event of the deal falling apart .
A sizeable poison pill has thus been established which would further devalue the bank if it were put into run-off .
There appears no decent prospect of counterbids given the general state of bank balance sheets right now .
JPMorgan is one of the very few with the balance - sheet strength to take Bear Stearns on its books .
Barclays , possibly in partnership with private equity , is said to have been in over the weekend exploring the possibility of alternatives , but it seems to have been unable to act with the speed of JPMorgan .
In any case , the US authorities might regard Barclays as already too capital - constrained to take on such a potentially massive liability .
As for talk of Joe Lewis , one of Bear Stearns ' major shareholders , possibly in conjunction with Jimmy Cayne , the chairman , and private equity investors , forget it .
The Fed would never weather such a proposal even if it could be made to fly .
What the authorities want is a big balance sheet to underpin confidence , not another leveraged buyout .
The best hope is that Jamie Dimon might pay a little more if only for the purpose of ridding himself of years of vexatious litigation , but even that 's a forlorn one .
Interested in container computing ?
Check out my latest project , Bastille .
I installed Ubuntu 8.04 “ Hardy ” Alpha 4 a day or two ago and I finally got some time to poke around with some of the new features .
The new features that are of the most interest to me are the security related features such as firewalling , SELinux , etc .
note : SELinux will not be default in Ubuntu 8.04 but the Ubuntu Hardened team has been working hard on getting it usable .
If you ’d like to help in the testing and development of SELinux on Ubuntu join our team !
The feature that I played with this afternoon is Ubuntu ’s “ Uncomplicated Firewall ” .
I have to say that when I first heard we were going to reinvent the wheel again ( I mean , we have iptables , right ? )
I was a little discouraged .
After playing with ufw I have to say I am pretty impressed .
ufw is simply a front - end to iptables .
We ’re still using the same iptables / netfilter underneath , just not requiring iptables syntax–trying to make things a little more “ for human beings ” I suppose you could say .
Now I may not be the “ standard ” Ubuntu user as seen by the rest of the Linux world .
I know my way around Linux , spend the majority of my time on the command line and even teach Linux for a living .
What I ’m trying to say is I ’m familiar enough with iptables , so I wondered how we could possibly make it easier .
Well they did a good job .
Here are a few examples :
sudo ufw default deny – sets the default policies to deny ( drop ) sudo ufw allow 22 / tcp – allows tcp connections on port 22 sudo ufw deny 25 – denies connections on port 25 ( tcp/udp ) sudo ufw allow proto udp 192.168.0.1 port 53 to 192.168.0.2 port 53 – we can even be specific between source and destination ports and ips .
… you get the idea .
It ’s really simple , nearly human readable syntax .
I still think iptables is pretty easy , but I think I ’ll be perfectly comfortable using ufw as a front - end to iptables moving forward with Ubuntu 8.04 “ Hardy ” .
Neither Hillary Clinton nor Barack Obama can really be called an anti-war candidate .
While both contenders for the Democratic presidential nomination say the war in Iraq should not have been launched -- and Obama can actually claim to have understood that fact when it mattered -- they still pull their punches when it comes to talking about pulling all U.S. troops out of the quagmire .
It is more than merely sad that neither of the Democratic presidential candidates could -- or would -- say this :
The tragic marker of the 4000th U.S. Soldier to fall in Iraq is now before the American people - with no end in sight .
During the vigils , marches and Winter Soldiers ' heartfelt testimonies on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the invasion - occupation of Iraq , there was a common expression of public frustration over the rabid intransigence of President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney to end their cruel and costly war crimes .
Frustration comes not only from a dictatorial regime in Washington regarding the war in Iraq , but also from a sense of powerlessness and lack of access to the corridors of power , especially those of the Congress and the White House .
It is difficult for those who opposed the war 's drumbeats in 2002 and early 2003 to forget that thirteen organizations that opposed the war each requested a meeting with President Bush .
These groups represented many millions of Americans .
They were church , labor , business , students ' , women 's and even former intelligence officials ' and veterans ' organizations .
President Bush did not even have the courtesy of responding to any of these patriotic Americans - even to say no .
Among these pleaders were citizens recently back from visiting Iraq and men and women who had fought in hostile conflicts as members of the armed forces .
There is a group of distinguished Americans who have spoken , written , testified , and acted against the invasion of Iraq or who have opposed the war - occupation , now in its sixth year - longer than World War II .
These Americans , numbering in the hundreds , have one common characteristic : they are retired after serving in the federal government under both Republican and Democratic administrations , including the present one , as military , diplomatic and national security - intelligence officials .
They include four - star generals , admirals , ambassadors , cabinet secretaries , top national security advisors and a former president .
Never in our nation 's history have so many such professionals at so many levels opposed a war involving the United States .
For that matter , never before was there so much muzzled opposition to a war inside the Department of Defense - up to the four - star general level .
Their opposition was based on strategic , tactical and logistical considerations that subsequently found their way into the media , but to no avail .
The two pro-Vietnam War draft - dodgers in the White House prevailed .
I call on these stand - up Americans , who are already on the public record with incisive , analytical opposition , to come together into a powerful force for ending the Iraq war - occupation , both military and corporate .
They can focus on Congress and the White House - with their immense credibility - and intensify the focus of public opinion ( what Abraham Lincoln called " public sentiments " ) .
Already , more than two - thirds of the American people oppose continuation of the war as mistaken , costly and not worth the price in casualties and dollars .
These experienced , free - to - speak Americans can press members of Congress to directly face their responsibilities to the American people to end this destruction of a country and its populace , which never threatened the United States , to end the consequential perils to our country and bring our soldiers home without further casualties .
These outspoken retired public servants can get their calls returned .
They are widely respected for their service to their country in past years .
They have or could have more than usual access to reporters , editors and producers .
They do get published and interviewed .
Some have direct field experience in Iraq or in various federal agencies since March 2003 .
Various groups such as Veterans For Peace or Iraq Veterans Against the War no doubt will vigorously support such high level initiatives , as will many other local and national organizations that have so faithfully waged peace all these years .
I have spoken to some of these retired professionals in the past few months .
They were enthusiastic about the prospect of working together on an action agenda .
They expressed the hope that their busy piers were not too occupied to consider devoting the time needed to band together for this fundamental patriotic initiative .
Most Americans , I believe , will be grateful for their latest service to their country and the cause of world peace .
These leaders need to envision the greatly expanded impact they will have if only they band together , organize and present a unified drive forward .
These are the words of a presidential candidate -- but not a Democratic presidential candidate .
This is the statement that consumer activist and independent contender Ralph Nader issued after the U.S. death toll in this needless -- yet , seemingly endless -- war surpassed 4,000 .
Posted by John Nichols at 03/24/2008 @ 3:21 pm | Email This Post
An online rumor circulating since January 2007 alleges that Barack Obama is secretly a Muslim and has lied to the American people about his religious affiliation , including his statement that he 's been a devout Christian for most of his adult life .
However , the evidence indicates this is false .
Analysis of Whether Barack Obama Is Muslim
Barack Obama has professed to be a devout Christian and spoken publicly of his " personal relationship with Jesus Christ , " for more than 20 years .
Is he actually a covert Muslim who has lied his entire adult life about his true religious affiliation ?
No tangible proof is offered to that effect — no sightings of Obama attending a mosque , no photos of him reading the Koran , praying to Mecca , or observing Islamic holidays with his family .
There is no evidence that Barack Obama has ever evinced a belief in , or commitment to , any other faith than Christianity .
The entire case , such as it is , rests on a confused and error - ridden recitation of Obama 's upbringing and purported childhood influences .
It also exploits some Americans ' fear and deep mistrust of the Muslim faith .
Obama , Sr .
Claim : Obama 's father , Barack Hussein Obama , Sr. , was a " radical Muslim who migrated from Kenya to Jakarta , Indonesia . "
This is false .
Obama , Sr. was n't a Muslim at all except during early childhood , let alone a " radical " Muslim .
According to Obama , Jr. , his father was " raised a Muslim " but lost his faith and had become a " confirmed atheist " by the time he attended college .
Author Sally Jacobs ( The Other Barack : The Bold and Reckless Life of President Obama 's Father , New York : Public Affairs Books , 2011 ) writes that Obama , Sr. was exposed to Muslim teachings as a child but converted to Anglicanism around the age of 6 , attended Christian schools into his teens , and was " a- religious " as an adult .
Obama , Jr.'s parents separated not long after he was born ; his father moving not to Jakarta but to the United States , where he attended Harvard .
Eventually Obama , Sr. returned to Kenya .
Obama 's Mother
Claim : Obama 's mother went on to marry another Muslim named Lolo Soetoro who " educated his stepson as a good Muslim by enrolling him in one of Jakarta 's Wahabbi schools . "
This is partly true .
When Obama 's mother remarried , it was indeed to an Indonesian man named Lolo Soetoro , who his stepson later described as a " non-practicing " Muslim .
But it was his secular mother who directly supervised his education , Obama has written , sending him to both Catholic and Muslim primary schools after the family moved to Jakarta .
There 's nothing on record to indicate Obama attended a madrassa ( Muslim religious school ) run by Wahhabists .
Furthermore , it 's unlikely his mother would have chosen to expose him to such an extreme form of Islam given her stated abhorrence of religious closed - mindedness and her stated goal of giving her son a well - rounded education , including in matters of faith .
Update : CNN tracked down the Indonesian school in question , the Basuki School in Jakarta , which a deputy headmaster describes as a " public school " with no particular religious agenda .
" In our daily lives , we try to respect religion , but we do n't give preferential treatment , " the headmaster told CNN .
A former classmate of Obama 's describes the school as " general , " with students of many religious backgrounds attending .
Obama entered the school at the age of 8 and attended for two years .
Obama Once a Muslim
Claim : " Obama takes great care to conceal the fact that he is a Muslim while admitting that he was once a Muslim . "
This is false .
Once a Muslim ?
When ?
Obama has never mentioned , let alone " admitted " being a Muslim at any point in his life .
Yes , he lived in a Muslim country during part of his childhood , but there 's no evidence he was literally raised in the Muslim faith , nor has he ever been a practitioner of Islam , so far as any public evidence shows .
See also : Is There a Photo of Barack Obama Praying at a Mosque ?
Obama and the Koran
Claim : When Obama was sworn into office ( as a Senator ) he used the Koran instead of the Bible .
This is false .
According to news accounts , Barack Obama brought his personal Bible to his 2005 Senate swearing - in ceremony , conducted by Vice - President Dick Cheney .
Those alleging otherwise are apparently confusing Obama with Congressman Keith Ellison , who actually is a Muslim , and who posed for photographs with his hand on the Koran after being sworn into the House of Representatives on January 4 , 2007 .
Sample Email About Barack Obama as a Muslim
Here 's sample email text contributed by Bill W. on Jan. 15 , 2007 :
Subject : Fwd :
Be careful , be very careful .
Barack Hussein Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii to Barack Hussein Obama Sr. ( a black Muslim ) of Nyangoma - Kogelo , Siaya District , Kenya , and Ann Dunham of Wichita , Kansas ( a white atheist ) .
When Obama was two years old , his parents divorced and his father returned to Kenya .
His mother married Lolo Soetoro -- a Muslim -- moving to Jakarta with Obama when he was six years old .
Within six months he had learned to speak the Indonesian language .
Obama spent " two years in a Muslim school , then two more in a Catholic school " in Jakarta .
Obama takes great care to conceal the fact that he is a Muslim while admitting that he was once a Muslim , mitigating that damning information by saying that , for two years , he also attended a Catholic school .
Obama 's father , Barack Hussein Obama , Sr. was a radical Muslim who migrated from Kenya to Jakarta , Indonesia .
He met Obama 's mother , Ann Dunham - a white atheist from Wichita , Kansas - at the University of Hawaii at Manoa .
Obama , Sr. and Dunham divorced when Barack , Jr. was two .
Obama 's spinmeisters are now attempting to make it appear that Obama 's introduction to Islam came from his father and that influence was temporary at best .
In reality , the senior Obama returned to Kenya immediately following the divorce and never again had any direct influence over his son's education .
Dunham married another Muslim , Lolo Soetoro who educated his stepson as a good Muslim by enrolling him in one of Jakarta 's Wahabbi schools .
Wahabbism is the radical teaching that created the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad on the industrialized world .
Since it is politically expedient to be a Christian when you are seeking political office in the United States , Obama joined the United Church of Christ to help purge any notion that he is still a Muslim .
Sources and Further Reading
candle
Rest assured , we 've seen some wicked frickin ' lasers in our day , but apparently , even the two - kilowatt rendition that heats coffee in mere seconds can't hold aray of light to HERCULES .
Intentionally named in all caps by University of Michigan gurus in order to highlight its awesomeness , said laser contains 300 terawatts of power ( or 300 times the capacity of the entire US electricity grid ) and could " help scientists develop better proton and electron beams for radiation treatment of cancer . "
Still , we can't help but conclude with UMich 's own description of this masterpiece : " If you could hold a giant magnifying glass in space and focus all the sunlight shining toward Earth onto one grain of sand , that concentrated ray would approach the intensity of [ HERCULES ] . "
Damn . [ Via Physorg
The high - rolling risk takers who brought you personal computing , the telecommunications revolution , the commercialization of the Internet , and , of course , Google now aim to do nothing less than save planet Earth — and make billions while doing it .
If the venture capital industry is successful , it might be the ultimate act of " angel investing , " and perhaps no one is more emblematic of this new wave of high - minded technology entrepreneurship than Vinod Khosla , who , after a failed soy milk start - up in his native India , went on to become one of the driving forces of Silicon Valley as cofounder of Sun Microsystems and later as a venture capitalist .
Khosla views climate change as the gravest threat the world has ever faced , and he knows others see America 's foreign oil dependence as an urgent crisis .
But in his calculus , we 've been pitching pebbles at these Goliath problems .
" Building a biofuels plant here and a solar plant there is not enough , " he says , " unless we can replace 50 percent and hopefully 100 percent of the fossil energy sources . "
This grand goal is not remotely in sight , even with wind and solar energy and ethanol growing at a breakneck clip .
These renewables now provide just 3.6 percent of the nation 's energy , and the government predicts their share will grow to a grand total of 4.2 percent by 2030 .
By those calculations , it sure looks like a fossil fuel future for America .
But Khosla , through his own Khosla Ventures and often working alongside the legendary VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , where he maintains an affiliation , is in the vanguard of entrepreneurs and financiers who believe their Silicon Valley success stories can be repeated in green energy .
They are pouring money and ideas into a new generation of alternatives to fossil fuel — " technologies that scale , " in their words .
That is , options that can ramp up to serve a large share of the nation 's energy needs because they 'll cost less than coal or oil .
One estimate is that venture capital funds nearly tripled their investment on green energy last year , putting $ 2.4 billion to work .
Of course , that may not seem like much dough given that some next - generation technologies are massive undertakings , like placing 3 - mile - square fields of mirrors in the desert to focus the sun 's rays or shooting high - pressure water into the hot rock 3 miles underground to create a man-made geothermal reservoir .
And skeptics say that these approaches may not be cost competitive for years .
The economic equation might change if Washington puts a limit on carbon dioxide emissions or institutes carbon taxes that make coal power and gasoline more expensive , though that 's far from a sure thing .
Dan Reicher , a former Clinton administration energy official who heads up a major investment effort on climate change underway at Google , says stronger federal policy , more availability of Wall Street financing , and technological innovation are all equally important in taking green energy to the next level .
" If we 're going to get to a sustainable energy future , we have to be working hard at all three , " he says .
But Khosla believes government policy will move once entrepreneurs take the first step .
" Change has to come from somewhere , and our business is about change , " he says , recalling the early skepticism that the first microprocessor and telecommunications revolutionaries faced .
" All the innovation came from little companies that had breakthrough technologies .
The chances of any one experiment failing may be high , but the chances of all of the experiments failing is very , very low .
You should have a thousand points of innovation , and for sure you 'll get a breakthrough . "
Just the sort of optimism that 's helped make Silicon Valley the world 's leading center of innovation .
And just the sort of attitude that seems to be finally cracking the tough technological puzzles whose solutions will change the way we power the global economy and our lives .
Solar concentration
Solar energy may be poised to make the leap from the rooftop down to the floor of the desert — where some advocates say it needs to be if it 's going to take its rightful place as a member of Big Energy .
The nation 's largest utility in customers served , investor - owned Pacific Gas & Electric , this fall announced a bold plan to install nearly five times the amount of solar power that is now operating across the United States and do it cheaper , bigger , and faster than has ever been tried before .
Instead of using semiconducting material to convert light to energy — those familiar black photovoltaic panels — PG&E and its technology partners , like the Israeli firm Solel , will use nothing more complicated than mirrors , lots of them , to concentrate some of the highest - intensity sunlight in the world .
The arrays will heat water to drive turbines just as in an old - fashioned power plant .
Although solar PV arrays have been crowning more and more American buildings — the 1.6 - megawatt project opened this year at Google 's headquarters in Mountain View , Calif. , is the largest — they 're expensive .
Developments are underway to bring down the price by reducing the silicon from its usual wafer form to an ultrathin film deposited on glass .
But at this point , PV cost estimates span from an uncompetitive 23 to 32 cents per kilowatt - hour , while residential electricity prices in this country range from 5.8 to 16.7 cents .
With current technology , " concentrating solar power " would cost about 40 percent less than PV — tantalizingly close to competitive in areas like California with high energy prices .
Exactly how the mirrors will be configured could bring the cost down more .
Rows of curved reflectors work well ; since the 1980s , a dazzling " parabolic trough " display has provided reliable power to California , the only operating concentrating solar power project in the country .
But Spanish firm Abengoa this summer aimed for greater efficiency by focusing circles of mirrors onto a central " power tower " near Seville for the first commercial European Union CSP plant .
The company would like to do the same in the U.S. Southwest .
One firm that has been working with PG&E is Ausra , which recently relocated from Sydney to Silicon Valley and received $ 40 million in backing from investors led by Khosla Ventures to promote its big idea .
Ausra thinks it can drive CSP costs down with simpler , flat mirrors and turbines that run at a cooler temperature , like those in nuclear power plants .
Ausra also aims to engineer into the system the ability to store thermal energy so it can provide power when the sun stops shining .
Engineering firm Black & Veatch of Overland Park , Kan. , estimates that outside of environmentally sensitive areas , there 's enough available flat " high solar resource " land — also known as desert — in California to provide six times the power that the Golden State uses today .
Deep geothermal
One of the most promising renewable - energy wellsprings is underground .
Geothermal is lower profile than a range of other alternative energy technologies , even though many homes — including President Bush 's Crawford ranch — have heat pumps that tap into the Earth 's steady , reliable warmth .
But few realize that the United States is the world 's biggest mass producer of geothermal power , with long - running plants in western hot springs and geyser areas that generate more electricity than all U.S. wind and solar energy combined .
It was long thought that big - scale geothermal had reached its natural limit .
Few locales are graced with steamy water reservoirs close enough to the surface ( less than 2 miles under ) to be easily tapped to run electric turbines on the ground above .
And many hot spots happen to be beneath scenic treasures like Yellowstone National Park or on American Indian reservations .
But recent study shows deep - drilling and seismic - exploration techniques developed in the oil industry could be exploited to draw out the geothermal energy found 3 or more miles underground , locked in dry rock that 's more than 300 degrees Fahrenheit .
A developer could drill a well and use high - pressure water to open fractures in the rock .
Then , injection wells would be drilled to circulate the water in the man -made reservoir and extract steam to the surface to run electric turbines .
This year , a government - sponsored study led by Massachusetts Institute of Technology concluded that these " heat mining " methods could offer access to a staggering amount of energy .
Just 2 percent of the U.S. geothermal resource base could yield nearly 2,000 times the power that the nation now consumes each year .
The limiting factor is the cost .
The old - fashioned geothermal sites now operating in geyser areas are n't any more pricey than old coal plants , at about 3.5 cents per kilowatt - hour .
MIT looked at a half - dozen potential enhanced geothermal sites across the country and came up with estimates ranging from a potentially competitive 10.3 cents per kilowatt - hour to a sky - high $ 1.05 per kilowatt - hour .
However , if a few well - defined technical problems were tackled to boost what 's known as the " fluid production rate , " MIT said costs would plummet to 3.6 to 9.2 cents per kilowatt - hour .
" It brings an absolutely gigantic amount of power into the realm of economic feasibility , " says Susan Petty , one of the study scientists , who now is running AltaRock Energy in Seattle , which plans to develop the first " enhanced geothermal " demonstration project in the United States in the next two years .
With backing from venture capital firms Khosla Ventures and Kleiner Perkins , AltaRock 's goal is to provide 10,000 megawatts within a decade .
That 's enough to power 10 million homes , and more than four times the power of all the old - style U.S. geothermal plants now operating .
Numerous companies , spurred in part by government subsidies , are also active in Australia and Europe , with one plant to begin commercial operation soon in Unterhaching , near Munich , Germany .
Not everything has gone as planned .
Earlier this year , a geothermal company 's rock - fracturing operations 3 miles underground in northwest Switzerland touched off earth tremors with a 3.3 magnitude felt nearly 10 miles away .
But the MIT study said that better techniques can control this and other problems .
And since geothermal energy , unlike solar or wind , is constant , MIT said it could provide 10 percent of U.S. base - load energy needs if the nation would spend $ 1 billion on its development over the next 15 years — less than the cost of one coal plant .
High - pressure ethanol
In alternative transportation fuels , the holy grail quest is the search for the next ethanol .
Sure , the business of fuel alcohol distilled from corn is booming , with production having tripled since 2002 and up 33 percent this year to 6.5 billion gallons .
Historically , ethanol has been more expensive than gasoline , but crude oil prices are now so high that ethanol would be cheaper even without its 51 - cent - per - gallon subsidy .
Indeed , one reason pump prices have not skyrocketed along with the price of crude oil is that so much fuel is blended with 10 percent ethanol .
Politicians would like to mandate that refiners use still more .
But even if you do n't agree that diverting corn to energy has strained the food industry or environment — and the ethanol industry most assuredly does not — there is a practical limit to squeezing fuel from the cob .
Hence , the pursuit of " cellulosic ethanol , " the same fuel made by breaking down the tough starches found in hardier plant matter — from cornstalks to fast - growing switch grass to paper - mill waste .
Ideally , the feedstock would be abundant and would n't require a lot of water , fertilizer , or tending .
Cellulosic works in the laboratory but at great cost .
So dozens of companies are trying to hit on the formula to make it economic , mainly through bioengineering of enzymes that would convert grass , husks , or wood to sugar that could be fermented into fuel .
The government predicts the first cellulosic plant will cost five times more than a corn refinery and will come on line no sooner than 2010 .
But Range Fuels , a Broomfield , Colo. , firm founded by Khosla , aims to beat that projection by two years .
One of six companies that received Department of Energy grants to accelerate the new technology , Range will be the first to break ground on a commercial plant on November 6 near Georgia forestland , where it plans to refine abundant timber - industry waste wood .
Instead of relying on expensive enzymes , Range will use heat and pressure to turn wood chips to gas , then extract ethanol with a catalyst .
It 's a greened - up version of the proven Fischer - Tropsch process developed in 1920s Weimar Germany to make diesel fuel from coal .
The company 's not revealing the plant 's cost , only that it will be less than the Energy Department projects and will be pumping fuel into the market by the end of 2008 .
With the help of extra subsidies for cellulosic ethanol that Congress enacted in its big 2005 energy bill , Range is confident it can be commercially successful selling to nearby refiners .
Range Chief Executive Mitch Mandich used to be a senior vice president for sales at Apple Computer and was chief executive at a Silicon Valley speech technology start - up that was bought out before he switched to alternative energy .
" Rather than stay in tech , I thought I 'd like to help make a difference in the world , " he says .
The inspiration came in December 2005 at Stanford University when former Vice President Al Gore gave the slide show that was later immortalized in the movie An Inconvenient Truth .
Mandich and his friend Khosla , also in the audience , afterward talked about Gore 's presentation and plea for the tech industry to get behind the push for a solution , and the idea for Range Fuels was born .
New efficiency
Congress is dithering over a proposal to force American cars to average 35 miles per gallon by 2020 , a seemingly modest goal with smaller cars and more - efficient diesel engines helping the European Union near 44.2 MPGand Japan attain more than 45 MPG .
But a race is on for the technology that could blow all those numbers away .
" You see the difficulty Congress has in setting a new ... standard , and we know the best way to help is to have some cars that get 100 miles per gallon and to make them gorgeous and affordable , " says Larry Brilliant , executive director of Google 's philanthropic arm , Google.org .
That would mean more than 70 percent oil savings , since the current fuel - efficiency standard is just 27.5 MPG goal set in 1975 and reached by the late 1980s .
From Polling Report :
Strange to say , the fact that we ’re not squandering lives at the same rate we were a year ago ( we ’re still squandering money as fast as ever ) does not seem to have convinced people that the war we were misled into was a good idea .
John Cole and Andrew Sullivan are enjoying the sight of non-Christianist Republicans freaking at the thought of Huckabee winning the nomination .
Cole has a round - up of said freak - outs , including Dan Riehl ( go to Cole for the direct link ) :
That Presidential " R " in 2008 will stand for nothing I believe in .
The guy is slick but does n’t even look competent .
And if Republican primary voters are that stupid , they deserve to lose next Fall .
To pass over McCain , Thompson , Romney and Giuliani ONLY because someone ’s slick and a Jesus Freak , which makes him your average televangelist – forget it .
Cole concludes :
I simply can not tell you how much I am enjoying this .
The GOP has been pandering to these stupid bastards for years , and every time I pointed it out I was called " anti-Christian " or something or other .
Those of us who saw what the party was becoming were told to shut up , that it was good politics .
Enjoy your new GOP , folks .
And here is something else to think about - are the evangelicals going to support Romney or Giuliani if you do manage to trash Huckabee enough to secure the nomination for them ?
Will the eye for an eye crowd learn to forgive and forget ?
Have fun !
And Sullivan :
And that is why part of me , I confess , wants Huckabee to win .
So he can lose .
So the GOP can lose - as spectacularly and humiliatingly as possible .
If we are to rid conservatism of this theocratic cancer , we need to start over .
Maybe it has to get worse before it can get better .
But it is certainly too late for fellow - traveling Christianists like Lowry and Krauthammer to start whining now .
This is their party .
And they asked for every last bit of it .
As Atrios says , the conservative bloggers Cole cites are " using the kind of language to describe the religious right that I steer clear of personally . "
And can you imagine the outrage if liberal bloggers were going around talking about " Jesus Freaks " - for the next decade , we'd be hearing about Democrats ' contempt for people of faith and how this is why Christians will always vote Republican .
We 're now seeing the cynicism of non-Christianist Republicans who were willing to go a ways down the path of theocracy if it got them the votes to push their own agenda .
They would go so far down that path with people for whom they had fundamental contempt ; faced with the prospect of going a few steps further , and not getting their corporatist agenda pushed in exchange , that contempt is revealed .
Is anyone paying attention ?
This , from the tail end of an AP story , is the first hint of news I 've seen out of Clinton 's White House schedules :
She was also involved in helping her husband win congressional approval of the North American Free Trade Agreement , a deal she now criticizes and says she would try to change .
Her schedule for Nov. 10 , 1993 , shows her speaking at a NAFTA briefing closed to the media , with 120 people expected to attend .
Billions wiped off Australian share market
By Mike Head
21 January 2008
Australian share prices have plummeted since the start of 2008 , driven by the exposure of local banks and financial institutions to the US credit crisis .
It is becoming increasingly clear that the Australian economy as a whole is far from immune to the impact of a US recession , despite a prolonged local boom based on mining exports .
By January 19 , more than $ 147 billion had been lost from the value of shares since the beginning of the year , with the S&P / ASX index down some 9 percent .
It was the 10th consecutive fall , the longest run since September 1990 .
The index had fallen 15.8 percent from its peak of 6828.7 points on November 1 , also marking the weakest start to a calendar year for 17 years .
Since the US sub - prime collapse began in the middle of last year , the market has now fallen twice by more than 10 percent .
The latest price slide , which has been accompanied by large losses across East Asian markets , has exceeded the falls on Wall Street itself .
According to the Australian Financial Review , the Australian market has suffered its “ worst losing streak since 2000 ” — when the dot - com bubble burst — “ as increasing concerns that the United States is in the grip of recession ramped up the sell - off across global equities ” .
Among the immediate reasons for the turmoil on the Australian Stock Exchange has been the widening fallout from the $ 4 billion meltdown of Centro , the country ’s second largest shopping centre property group .
Centro ’s share price dropped a further 47 percent on January 16 and 17 after the resignation of its chief executive .
The company , which borrowed heavily to buy US shopping malls , lost more than 80 percent of its market value in December when it revealed it had been unable to refinance its debts as a result of the global credit market squeeze .
Last week , UBS Property Securities Fund , one of Australia ’s largest , reported a loss of 22.32 percent for the six months to December .
With more than $ 1.8 million in assets as of September , the fund was named Australia ’s best property fund in 2006 .
But it had piled almost 14 percent of its investments into Centro .
Another factor in the share plunge has been revelations that Australia ’s four major banks — the CBA , NAB , ANZ and Westpac — have a $ 1 billion direct exposure to the US subprime mortgage market through their participation in an international deal to rescue the largest US mortgage provider , Countrywide Financial , which remains in serious trouble .
This exposure may be the tip of an iceberg , involving further Australian efforts to help bailout US and British finance houses .
Reports emerged last week that Australian investment funds hold almost $ 30 billion in unsecured “ kangaroo bonds ” linked to US and British financial institutions , many of which have been hard hit by the worsening credit crunch .
The troubled US financial institutions Citigroup and Morgan Stanley have almost $ 5 billion in outstanding bonds each .
Others on the list include Merrill Lynch ( $ 3.9 billion ) , Goldman Sachs ( $ 2.7 billion ) , Bear Sterns ( $ 2.1 billion ) , the virtually collapsed British bank Northern Rock ( $ 1.2 billion ) and Countrywide Financial ( $ 925 million ) .
The identity of the Australian bond holders is not yet known , but they are thought to include superannuation funds , putting at risk the retirement funds of millions of ordinary people .
The conception that the minerals boom will shelter Australia from the US crisis is beginning to unravel .
Corporate economists have admitted that the Australian economy could be more damaged by a US downturn than initially predicted .
UBS chief strategist David Cassidy told the Australian : “ If the US does enter a fully - fledged recession , then there will be more downside in the US markets .
But there will be more pain to be felt in Australia . ”
While mining exports have soared to China , the US remains the largest source of foreign investment in Australia ( more than 25 percent ) and a major export market ( about $ 3 billion a year ) .
Moreover , China and Australia ’s other major raw materials export markets in Japan , South Korea and throughout East Asia are also closely linked to the US economy .
Even with near - record base metals and other commodity prices , Australia has a chronic balance of payments deficit and a mounting foreign debt .
Reserve Bank statistics indicate that net foreign debt grew from 15 percent of GDP to more than 50 percent between 1985 and 2007 .
At the same time , the domestic economy , like that in the US , has become heavily dependent upon retail sales , particularly in household goods , financed by historically unprecedented levels of consumer debt .
Household debt soared from less than 40 percent of household disposable income ( HDI ) in 1985 to about 160 percent in 2007 , with interest payments almost doubling , from just over 6 percent to 12 percent of HDI .
As a result , households , particularly in working class areas , are facing previously unheard - of levels of indebtedness .
These have far outstripped real wages , which have risen 25.6 percent since 1990 .
Households have borrowed ( mortgage re-financing , credit cards , store cards , etc. ) to offset stagnating real wages and cover day - to - day expenses .
This will no longer be possible under conditions of falling property prices and rising interest rates .
Signs of deep financial distress are already emerging .
Credit defaults rose by 28.6 percent from 2006 to 2007 , with the highest rises in outer - suburban “ mortgage belt ” areas in Sydney ( 43.5 percent ) , Brisbane ( 44.4 percent ) and Melbourne ( 40 percent ) as well as in drought - affected rural areas , where defaults rose by as much as 60 percent .
The seriousness of the situation is already impacting on popular consciousness .
The Westpac - Melbourne Institute index of consumer sentiment fell 8.3 percent this month , driven down by a 20 percent fall in expectations about economic conditions in the year ahead .
Sentiment among Labor voters fell by 11.5 percent , nearly double the fall among Liberal - National Coalition voters .
The index dropped to its lowest point since November 1996 .
Like their counterparts in the US , the Reserve Bank of Australia and the Rudd government are caught in a dilemma .
Because of rising fuel , housing , healthcare and credit costs , domestic inflationary pressures are intensifying , even as a global slump threatens .
The TD Securities - Melbourne Institute monthly inflation gauge rose 0.6 percent in December , lifting the annual reading to 3.7 percent — well above the Reserve Bank ’s target range of 2 to 3 percent .
Everyday expenses soared , including petrol ( 17.2 percent ) , rent ( 8.6 percent ) and health and medical services ( 5.9 percent ) .
In an effort to dampen inflation , the Reserve Bank could raise the official interest rate by 0.25 points at its next meeting on February 5 — the seventh such increase since 2004 .
This month , the five largest private banks increased mortgage rates by between 0.12 and 0.2 percentage points , on top of the Reserve Bank ’s 1.5 percentage points since 2004 , blaming higher funding costs due to the credit crunch .
Last week , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Treasurer Wayne Swan held a rare joint meeting with Treasury secretary Ken Henry , Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Ric Battellino and other bank officials on the economic situation .
In a written statement after the meeting , Swan pledged to meet business demands for severe cuts in the government ’s first budget , due in May .
“ It ’s critical we demonstrate restraint as we frame our first budget because that sends a clear message to the RBA [ Reserve Bank ] that the commonwealth government will do whatever is in its power to put downward pressure on inflation , ” Swan declared .
The Business Council of Australia ( BCA ) , representing the biggest 100 Australian - based companies , earlier demanded deeper budget cuts than the $ 10 billion over four years already promised by the Labor government .
BCA president Greig Gailey urged the new government to scrap some “ costly ” promises made during last November ’s election campaign .
“ The first budget is going to be absolutely critical because lots of promises [ were made ] during the election and the economy may be not looking quite as rosy . ”
Rudd made clear he had heard the message .
Interviewed by the Sun-Herald , a Murdoch tabloid , he said : “ To meet the inflation challenge left behind by the previous government and put downward pressure on interest rates we will embark on a new era of fiscal discipline .
We have already kicked off a rigorous review of spending that will see us announce substantial additional savings in the 2008 - 09 budget in May . ”
To soften public opinion for painful cuts , the government announced that the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade — where Rudd once worked as a diplomat — would trim its budget by $ 57 million , with a number of overseas diplomats to be recalled .
“ The whole of the national Government needs to tighten its fiscal belt , ” Rudd said .
“ That means the Department of Foreign Affairs as well . ”
Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner said the government would aim for a higher budget surplus than the $ 14.4 billion estimated by the Howard government for the next financial year .
This would mean finding savings worth more than $ 1 billion in 2008 - 09 , on top of the $ 10 billion over four years .
While claiming to target “ waste ” and “ mismanagement , ” Tanner refused to nominate the specific areas where cost - cutting would occur .
The most serious cuts are certain to come from social programs already gutted over the past quarter century by the Howard government and by the Hawke and Keating Labor governments that preceded it .
Among the savings previously announced by Tanner are the scrapping of a planned dental program ( $ 372 million ) , the expansion of a Centrelink compliance campaign designed to cut welfare payments ( $ 160.2 million ) and reduced spending on youth and student allowances ( $ 94.1 million ) .
Tanner pledged to extract a so - called efficiency dividend of 3.25 percent from nearly every public service , and refused to rule out redundancies .
He insisted that “ current vacancy rates , turnover and attrition ” would help but when asked whether he could guarantee that no public redundancies would result , he simply said , “ we say we believe there will be no need for redundancies ” .
By contrast , Tanner guaranteed that the promised $ 31 billion tax cuts , which predominantly benefit the highest - income earners , would proceed , and that military operational spending would be exempt from the across - the - board savings target .
None of the ongoing military and police interventions in Iraq , Afghanistan , East Timor or Solomon Islands will be affected , nor will the Howard government ’s plans for substantial expansions of the armed forces and the international deployment unit of the Australian Federal Police .
In other words , like the Bush administration in the US , Labor is fully committed to imposing the full burden of the economic crisis directly on the backs of ordinary working people .
Originally Posted by Dave Pedersen Originally Posted by
Ron got 3.2 % in Florida .
He 's lucky he was in the debate at all .
I bet he got way more than 3.2 % of the total time .
Still he got shafted no doubt about it .
Whenever he gets shafted we all get shafted and this has been going on since day one .
If Ron Paul is our next president it will only get worse .
Every day the media will be interviewing members of congress and pundits to tell us what a big mistake we made electing him .
Every thing that goes wrong will be the fault of President Paul and nothing that goes right will be credited to his administration .
The transition we hope for will be very rocky and it will look like we made a mistake .
But if he is not elected everyone will only wonder what happened .
Except for us .
We will know .
The preview for the X - Men movie has a voice - over saying : “ In every human being . . . there is the genetic code . . . for mutation . ”
Apparently you can acquire all sorts of neat abilities by mutation .
The mutant Storm , for example , has the ability to throw lightning bolts .
I beg you , dear reader , to consider the biological machinery necessary to generate electricity ; the biological adaptations necessary to avoid being harmed by electricity ; and the cognitive circuitry required for finely tuned control of lightning bolts .
If we actually observed any organism acquiring these abilities in one generation , as the result of mutation , it would outright falsify the neo-Darwinian model of natural selection .
It would be worse than finding rabbit fossils in the pre-Cambrian .
If evolutionary theory could actually stretch to cover Storm , it would be able to explain anything , and we all know what that would imply .
The X - Men comics use terms like “ evolution , ” “ mutation , ” and “ genetic code , ” purely to place themselves in what they conceive to be the literary genre of science .
The part that scares me is wondering how many people , especially in the media , understand science only as a literary genre .
I encounter people who very definitely believe in evolution , who sneer at the folly of creationists .
And yet they have no idea of what the theory of evolutionary biology permits and prohibits .
They ’ll talk about “ the next step in the evolution of humanity , ” as if natural selection got here by following a plan .
Or even worse , they ’ll talk about something completely outside the domain of evolutionary biology , like an improved design for computer chips , or corporations splitting , or humans uploading themselves into computers , and they ’ll call that “ evolution . ”
If evolutionary biology could cover that , it could cover anything .
Probably an actual majority of the people who believe in evolution use the phrase “ because of evolution ” because they want to be part of the scientific in - crowd — belief as scientific attire , like wearing a lab coat .
If the scientific in - crowd instead used the phrase “ because of intelligent design , ” they would just as cheerfully use that instead — it would make no difference to their anticipation - controllers .
Saying “ because of evolution ” instead of “ because of intelligent design ” does not , for them , prohibit Storm .
Its only purpose , for them , is to identify with a tribe .
I encounter people who are quite willing to entertain the notion of dumber - than - human artificial intelligence , or even mildly smarter - than - human artificial intelligence .
Introduce the notion of strongly superhuman artificial intelligence , and they ’ll suddenly decide it ’s “ pseudoscience . ”
It ’s not that they think they have a theory of intelligence which lets them calculate a theoretical upper bound on the power of an optimization process .
Rather , they associate strongly superhuman AI to the literary genre of apocalyptic literature ; whereas an AI running a small corporation associates to the literary genre of Wired magazine .
They are n’t speaking from within a model of cognition .
They do n’t realize they need a model .
They do n’t realize that science is about models .
Their devastating critiques consist purely of comparisons to apocalyptic literature , rather than , say , known laws which prohibit such an outcome .
They understand science only as a literary genre , or in - group to belong to .
The attire does n’t look to them like a lab coat ; this is n’t the football team they ’re cheering for .
Is there any idea in science that you are proud of believing , though you do not use the belief professionally ?
You had best ask yourself which future experiences your belief prohibits from happening to you .
That is the sum of what you have assimilated and made a true part of yourself .
Anything else is probably passwords or attire .
Okay .
I have no idea whether this is true or not .
But an " escort " claims to be heading to Baghdad 's Green Zone , so she can entertain military contractors there .
" Tori , " as self - described " petite and mature provider , " made the announcement on the Erotic Review website :
- Rare availability - those reading from the IZ [ International Zone ] or soon to be there ( * August 8 - 24 * )
While in the IZ - I am in a unique position of entertaining from a secured compound .
I 'm entertaining all members of the PMC [ private military contractor ] community registered with PSCAI [ Private Security Company Association of Iraq ] with a few stipulations .
My compound is within the central population and easy to find .
Check my webpage on date - check for specific details on setting aside a few moments to enjoy some R& R .... American Style .
Sandstorms , Camels , heat and protective gear ... now a quick reminder of home !!
Tori will be in the IZ August 8th through the 24th .
( * If you are in the region and have leave on the books , I 'll be in Kuwait August
27th *)
My travel will be exclusively limited to the region until
November of 2007 so make contact now and arrange your own private get - away from the worries of the Region .
- If only for a little while My apologies but at this time I am UNABLE to plan any meetings w/ ACTIVE
DUTY MILITARY .
(* The members of PMC community has an exclusive arrangement during this visit* ) Kisses ~ Tori
On her site , Tori reminds potential pals that " money exchanged is exclusively for time and companionship only , anything else that may or may not happen is a matter of personal choice and personal preference between two or more consenting adults of legal age , and is not contracted for , nor is it requested to be contracted for , or compensated for in any manner whatsoever . "
With that disclaimer out of the way , any PMC types in the Green Zone wanna go on a fact - finding mission ?
In the meantime , I 'll be curious to hear what this Private Security Company Association of Iraq has to say about this seemingly semi-official escort in their midst .
( High five : Wonkette )
When David Tyree brought down Eli Manning 's pass with 75 seconds left in Super Bowl XLII , everyone and their mother ( well , at least mine ) recognized it as one of the most important plays in Super Bowl history .
But when the game ended , the controversy began .
Not because it was n't a catchevery super - slow - motion replay showed that Tyree 's helmet - aided , back - breaking , Harrison - humiliating grab was indeed a reception .
But because no one could decide what to call it .
Now some might wonder , " Why does a play need a name ?
Wo n't people remember it anyway ? "
Those people clearly do not watch enough ESPN , and fail to realize that every historic play needs a shorthand nickname so it can be easily recalled in a matter of seconds as Woody Paige and Skip Bayless debate " the greatest play of all time " with an unconscionable degree of authority .
( Side note : If Bayless maintains that the Giants were wrong to play their starters against the Patriots in Week 17 , is there some way to have him banned from appearing on all sports - related programming ? )
It is hard to tie the play down to a single name , since there are so many factors that contribute to its greatness .
There is the scramble by Eli Manning , avoiding what looked like a certain sack , and the circus - like catch by Tyree on the other end .
Then consider the context , a game - winning drive in what was possibly the most exciting Super Bowl game ever played .
Consider the teams : the 18-0 Patriots juggernaut against the scrappy Giants .
Boston vs. New York .
Consider the players involved .
In one moment , Eli Manning forever shed his tag as " Peyton 's Afterbirth , " and Tyree can no longer be identified as the redundant " special teams specialist , " code for a receiver with terrible hands .
( According to his teammate Amani Toomer , Tyree was dropping everything in practice just two days earlier . )
The difficulties in distilling the play down to a two - word phrase has only spurred the naming games , many of which self - consciously downplay their own suggestions .
Gelf has sorted through some of the suggestions , and then boldly suggests one of our own with no equivocation .
On Max Kellerman 's radio show the morning after the game , he asked callers to suggest some possibilities .
Variations on " Greatest Play Ever " indicate that New Yorkers may be a little too close to the play to come up with an objectively creative nickname .
Perhaps a place with a less direct attachment to the game might have some interesting ideas .
Canadian blog Orland Kurtenblog , which is admittedly " mostly about the Vancouver Canucks , " ran a naming contest of its own .
After the blog passed along the ideas " The Great El - scape , " " The Helmet of God , " and " The Glendale Grab , " readers chimed in with their own puns , which I can only assume play much better in Canada .
Some notable suggestions were " The Houdini , " " The Thinking Man 's Catch , " " Tyriffic , " and the befuddling " The Spin - Head Catch . "
I think the last one might be an Exorcist reference , but I 'm not sure .
There are some names that have been suggested multiple times from various sources .
Tim Cowlishaw of The Dallas Morning News , The Chicago Sun-Times 's Mike Mulligan , and a Deadspin commenter have dubbed it " Eli's Escape , " but that leaves out the most remarkable part of the play .
Variations of " The Catch II " or " The Catch version 2.0 " are all over the internet .
While it describes the play , it lacks originality and does n't give any credit to Eli .
Others who might have answered the call have gone silent .
Bill Simmons , the closest thing to an authority on this kind of thing , outsourced the job , calling it simply " The miracle play to be named later . "
Chris " Who shot Aaron " Berman seems to have run out of obscure classic - rock references to turn into monikers .
And so it 's up to Gelf to settle this .
While we 've considered the options above , none were good enough .
The actual name of the play that Giants offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride called is " Phantom " a pretty cool name in its own right and better than any of the other suggestions we 've heard , though it's no Annexation of Puerto Rico .
It has a legitimacy that no other nickname could claim , and makes a fine runner - up .
But when 30 years have elapsed , and the Paiges and Baylesses of the future are discussing whether Heath Manning threw the greatest pass of all time to Barack Burress in Superbowl LXXII , one of them will utter a single phrase that will evoke the moment when perfection was placed out of reach .
A simple , elegant phrase , with a slight alliteration and something of a syllabic palindrome .
A phrase that tells you everything you need to know about the play and nothing you do n't .
He will say , " Eli - to - Tyree . "
I would like to tile my front porch steps and have been shopping .
Lowe ’s and Home Depot have plenty of tile but although they advertise installation they wo n’t install it outdoors .
The salespeople , however , will surreptitiously recommend small family contractors .
Call Jose , they tell me handing me a number .
Why wo n’t the big firms install outdoor tile ?
As best as I can figure the answer is liability .
A few slips , falls and an enterprising lawyer or two and Lowe ’s could be out millions of dollars .
The revenues are n’t worth the risk so small firms step into the breach .
The key , of course , is that the small firms wo n’t be sued because they are judgment proof .
Roberta Romano was here yesterday and offered another example .
The big auditing firms wo n’t do SOX audits for small firms because the revenues are low relative to the risks .
The smaller firms must turn to judgment proof auditors of less reliable reputation .
In one sense , this is a good workaround for a liability system that seeks out deep pockets .
Consumers are better off than they would be if neither Lowe ’s nor the judgment proof firms offered services and they are also better off than if Lowe ’s was required to offer services , because the price at which Lowe ’s would do so voluntarily would be prohibitive ( consumers would be forced to buy insurance they did n’t want at the price ) .
But more deeply the resulting system is inefficient .
Consumers do n’t get the insurance that the liability law is supposed to provide and they must turn to lower quality , higher cost service providers even when they would prefer larger firms with solid reputations .
Bestiality Outlawed Netherlands Bans Sex with Animals
The ban was two years in the making , but the Dutch parliament has finally decided to outlaw bestiality and animal pornography .
Researchers are looking at how widespread the problem is
Techno addiction can become so bad that people wake up several times a night to check their e-mails and text messages .
It can even interfere with an addict 's job as he feels he has to be linked up all the time , says Professor Nada Kakabadse of Northampton University .
She is conducting research into how widespread the addiction may be .
You would be surprised how many people had their PDA or Blackberry next to their bed heads
Prof Kakabadse
Northampton University
Evidence emerging from a small - scale study of 360 people carried out by Prof Kakabadse and her colleagues suggested up to a third were addicted .
People could become addicted to just about anything , she said .
" We are creatures of habit and we can get addicted to quite unusual things .
" Technology has become much more interesting over the past 10 years with the internet and everything .
" It is much simpler and much more portable which makes it more accessible .
" You would be surprised how many people had their PDA or Blackberry next to their bed heads . "
She added : " Those who are addicted will get up in the middle of the night and pick up messages on their PDAs two or three times a night . "
' Too late '
The addiction could also lead to problems with relationships as the addict became more and more withdrawn from their family .
And there were other social consequences as the addict suffered from anxieties and sicknesses , she said .
Prof Kakabadse said in the early stages of addiction , workers were often very productive , replying to e-mails and messages , but as time went on there were more serious consequences .
" Some people are very anxious when they do n't have their technological gadgets next to them .
" They might get into trouble with their employers as they spend more and more time checking messages . "
She said it was often difficult to detect when someone had become an addict , " And when it is detectable it is often too late " .
She stopped short of calling for warnings to be put on all gadgets , but said employers should provide training on the safe use of technological devices they provided to their staff .
Prof Kakabadse has looked in detail at case studies but now intends to see how widespread the problem is .
An exploding dog has been blamed for an overheating chimney which sparked an alert at a Darwin pet crematorium last night .
Emergency services were called to the crematorium after a passing motorist reported the premises were on fire .
Three fire trucks and a police car investigated a reported ' red glow ' coming from the chimney flue .
Authorities confirmed flames were coming out of the flue and called the proprietor .
He revealed that a frozen dead dog in the furnace was the cause of the overheating chimney , as frozen dogs sometimes explode when cremated .
Published online 7 February 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.562
Corrected online :
News
A little inbreeding might boost fertility .
A bit of genetic familiarity might boost fertility .
Getty
No doubt about it : incest has a bad reputation .
In Western societies , ‘ kissing cousins ’ are mocked , reviled and sometimes outlawed .
Oddly , however , a new study suggests that a little bit of inbreeding might be beneficial to the family line .
Researchers combed through 165 years of genealogical records tracing more than 160,000 couples in Iceland .
They found that the more closely related that couples were , the more children and grandchildren they tended to have .
But for first and second cousins the outlook was gloomy — their offspring died younger and reproduced less .
Breeding outside of the family is considered beneficial because it provides a source of new genetic material .
Outbreeding increases the chances that offspring will inherit at least one ‘ good ’ copy of a gene , potentially masking harmful mutations lurking in a family ’s genetic background .
Without that influx of fresh genetic material , the probability of birth defects rises : highly inbred animals and royal families are littered with the consequences .
Inbreeding is also thought to decrease the reproductive success of offspring .
But the new results suggest that things do n't always work that way , says Kári Stefánsson of deCODE Genetics in Reykjavik , and an author on the study .
“ It ’s counterintuitive in many ways , ” he says .
It 's all relative
Inbreeding once ran rampant in the West , particularly in rural societies where finding a mate outside of the family could entail a long hike to the next village .
And first - cousin marriages are common today in many eastern cultures , where marrying within the family is a way to avoid a dowry and consolidate familial resources .
“ In Western society there is this impression that inbreeding is bad , ” says Alan Bittles , a human geneticist at Edith Cowan University in Perth , Australia .
“ But that did n’t really commence until the middle of the nineteenth century . ”
Researchers have studied the question of how inbreeding weakens the family line for decades .
But they have generally struggled to tease out the effects of inbreeding from study groups with vast differences in social and economic status .
Stefánsson and his colleagues tackled the question using data from Iceland , an island about half the size of the United Kingdom with a remarkably homogeneous population in terms of socioeconomic status .
The researchers found that first and second cousins had more children than distantly related couples , but that those children also die at a younger age and bear fewer children .
That fits with previous data showing that children of first - cousin marriages have a 3 - 4 % higher chance of ill health or early death .
Third and fourth cousins also had more children than more distantly related couples , but their children tended to be more reproductive .
For example , women born between 1925 and 1949 who partnered with a third cousin had an average of 3.3 children and 6.6 grandchildren .
Women born during the same period who had a partner that was an eighth cousin or more distantly related , had only 2.5 children and 4.9 grandchildren on average .
Live long and prosper
Although the researchers do n't have more subtle data on the health of these children , the number of children who go on to have children of their own is often taken as a general marker of ' genetic fitness ' : they get to pass on their DNA to future generations .
In this regard , the third and fourth cousins were best off .
The results are published today in Science1 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The result may reflect the fact that genetic compatibility is important to breeding , says Bittles .
For example , a dangerous condition called ‘ Rh incompatibility ’ can arise when one parent has an antigen called the Rh factor and the other does n't .
If the developing fetus inherits the father 's Rh status , then it can trigger an immune response in the mother .
There might be a compromise to be struck between the benefits and problems of genetic similarity , says Bittles .
“ The idea that there could be an optimum balance makes sense , ” he says .
Corrected :
This article originally stated that Ireland was larger than the United Kingdom ; this has been corrected .
Ode To Baby Boomers Posted by Pile ( 9598 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Bad Parents ]
[ Sociology ]
They took everything from their parents and gave nothing to their kids but problems .
The entire country went down the drain on their watch .
Now they demand more money from the government ( US ) so they can keep going to Biloxi to piss it into slot machines .
Instead , they should each get an itemized bill .
As 33 year old with a high IQ and no future , I just want to thank the baby boomers for totally and completely f*cking over what could have been the greatest country ever .
The whole time I was growing up no one ever said anything about oil .
No one ever said anything about foreign manufacturing .
No one ever said anything about non-linear population growth .
No one ever said anything about Topsoil .
No one ever said anything about illegal aliens .
No one ever said anything about preparation for anything that might come our way .
No , the sad truth is that the boomers grew up in unprecedented wealth and security and blissfully burned more oil , energy , topsoil and whatever else you can regretfully burn than any generation since the beginning of known history .
These are the assholes who told us to “ get good grades ” and everything will be awesome .
Guess what dad , no amount of straight A’s are going to help when the shit hits the fan .
You just enjoy your retirement in the million dollar piece of shit house you own .
And when the illegal aliens and poor white trash are tearing this country a new one in the next civil war , you just pat yourself on the back and tell yourself that you were a great parent .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
The baby boomers would sacrifice their own children for money as long as they get their social security checks .
The worship of money is quite prevalent in this society .
The devil made you love him , and now he ’s going to make you choose money or your children ?
End the war , you save your children .
Prolong this war , you might get your social security checks with all the nuclear fallout around and illegals stealing your mail to .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
“ The Worst Generation ”
by Paul Begala
I hate the Baby Boomers .
They ’re the most self - centered , self - seeking , self -
interested , self - absorbed , self - indulgent , self - aggrandizing generation in
American history .
As they enter late middle age , the Boomers still ca n’t grow
up .
Guys who once dropped acid are now downing Viagra ; women who once eschewed
lipstick are now getting liposuction .
I know it ’s a sin to hate , so let me put it this way :
If they were animals ,
they ’d be a plague of locusts , devouring everything in their path and leaving
but a wasteland .
If they were plants , they ’d be kudzu , choking off ever other
living thing with their sheer mass .
If they were artists , they ’d be abstract
expressionists , interested only in the emotions of that moment — not in the
lasting result of the creative process .
If they were a baseball club , they ’d be
the Florida Marlins : prefab prima donnas who bought their way to prominence ,
then disbanded — a temporary association but not a team .
Of course , it is as unfair to demonize an entire generation as it is to
characterize an entire gender or race or religion .
And I do n’t literally mean
that everyone born between 1946 and 1964 is a selfish pig .
But generations can
have a unique character that defines them , especially if they are the elites of
a generation — those lucky few who are blessed with the money or brains or
looks or skills or education that typifies an era .
Whether is was Fitzgerald and
Hemingway defining the Lost Generation of World War I and the Roaring Twenties ,
or JFK and the other heroes of the World War II generation , or the high - tech
whiz kids of the post - Boomer generation , certain archetypes define certain
times .
You know who you are .
If you grew your hair and burned your draft card on campus
during the Sixties ; if you toked , screwed , and boogied your way through the
Seventies ; if you voted for Reagan and believed “ Greed is good ” in the Eighties ;
and if you ’re trying to make up for it now by nesting as you cluck about the
collapse of “ family values , ” you ’re it .
If not , even if demographers call you a
Boomer , you probably hate our generation ’s elite as much as I do .
Let ’s start with the Sixties , the Boomers ’ dilettante ball .
While a few
courageous people like John Lewis and the Freedom Riders risked their lives –
and others like Andrew Goodman , James Chaney , and Michael Schwerner gave theirs
– the civil - rights movement was led by pre-Boomers like Martin Luther King Jr.
( who would be 71 if he were alive today ) and continued without strong support
from the Boomers on college campuses .
Still , I must say this :
If you were one of those young people who did risk their
lives to fight racism in the Sixties , who put their bodies on the line to
register voters , who marched and sang and taught and preached against
segregation , you stand as the best refutation of my anti-Boomer tirade .
In that
one moment of conscience and courage , you did more with your life than I ’ve done
in all the moments of mine .
In a generation of selfish pigs , you were saints .
But the reality is that most campuses did not become hotbeds of unrest until the
Boomers ’ precious butts were at risk as the Vietnam War escalated .
They did n’t
want to end the war because they were bothered by working - class kids being blown
apart ; if they had been , they would n’t have spat on those working - class kids
when they came home from Vietnam , or tried to make heroes out of the Communists
who were trying to kill them .
Yet as troubling as that may be , the Sixties were in many ways the Boomers ’
finest moment .
It was at least a fad then to pretend to care about racial
justice at home and war abroad , to speak out against pollution and prejudice .
But it was mostly just talk .
As they came of age , and as idealism might have
required some real sacrifice , idealism suddenly became unfashionable .
And so the Boomers careened into the Seventies without a thought to picking up
where King and the Kennedys left off .
Without a war to threaten them , their
selfishness came into full bloom .
You know the results : Drug abuse , once a
boutique curse of hip musicians , became more common than the clap .
And speaking
of sexually transmitted diseases , the Boomers began to fornicate with such
abandon that rabbits we asking them to cool their jets .
They did n’t invent sex
or drugs or rock ‘ n ’ roll , but they damned near ruined them all .
And do n’t give me this crap about Boomer music .
The Beatles were all born before
the end of the war .
So was Janis .
So while the Boomers can claim they had the
good taste to listen to gifted pre-Boomers , when it came their turn to make
music , the truest expression of their generation , what did they give us ?
Disco .
The generation that came before the Boomers gave them Dylan .
The Boomers gave us
KC and the Sunshine Band .
Thanks a lot .
Unfair ?
Perhaps it is a bit of an overstatement .
Some friends of mine have
suggested it ’s an outrage to ignore Baby Boomer Bruce Springsteen , for one .
True
enough .
But even more than music , our remarkable economy is what drives and defines the
times we live in today .
And as the generation in the economic driver ’s seat , the
Boomers should get the credit for building this remarkable prosperity , right ?
Well , not quite .
Nothing can detract from the breathtaking entrepreneurship of
Boomers like Bill Gates and Steve Jobs .
But what ’s interesting is that much of
today ’s prosperity owes its origins more to the high - tech young nerds of the
post - Boom generation than to the Boomers themselves .
The most vital role the
Boomers have in the current economy is to sit on their brains and invest in
post - Boomer high - tech start - ups .
The same folks who sponged off their parents
when they were young are now , as they age , getting rich off the industry of
their younger brothers and sisters .
Boomer political and economic values reached their most perfect expression under
pre-Boomer president Ronald Reagan in the Eighties : Screw your neighbor , lay off
the factory workers , shuffle a lot of paper , build an economy in which a few
people get the gold mine and most people get the shaft .
It is telling that when
he ran for reelection , Reagan got higher support among Boomers than he did from
his fellow older Americans .
Perhaps some of the Greatest Generation saw the
selfishness in Reaganism and turned away from it .
And perhaps the Boomers saw
those same qualities , that savage selfishness , and embraced it .
In the long run , will it matter that one generation was so spectacularly
selfish ?
Maybe not .
In a great karmic irony , the Worst Generation may in turn be
raising another great one .
Having taught the children of the Baby Boomers off an
on for five years now , at the University of Texas at Georgetown , I find them to
be the opposite of everything I despise about their parents — they are engaged
in their communities , spending endless hours volunteering to build housing for
the poor or to feed the homeless .
They are concerned about their classmates ,
having calmed down the PC mania and replaced it with a sensible sensitivity to
the feelings of others .
They care about the future and are concerned about their
grandparents .
They are more responsible in their private lives and more engaged
in our public life .
I have no idea whether it ’s because of the Boomers or in
spite of them .
Greatest Generation chronicler Tom Brokaw has the difference pegged : “ The World
War II generation did what was expected of them .
But they never talked about it .
It was part of the Code .
There ’s no more telling metaphor than a guy in a
football game who does what ’s expected of him — makes an open - field tackle –
then gets up and dances around .
When Jerry Kramer threw the block that won the
Ice Bowl in ‘ 67 , he just got up and walked off the field . ”
That kind of self - effacing dignity is wholly alien to the Boomer elite .
But when
that day comes , when they finally walk off the field — or what ’s left of the
field — a few of us who ’ve been trailing behind them will be doing a little
dance of our own .
- ESQUIRE , April 2000
Posted by Obbop on 2007-10 - 20 19:43:44 I am a Baby Boomer .
90 percent or more of the Americans I have seen .... from later teens up , are blithering idiotic bleating sheep in my opinion .
I hope a virus enters the human herd and kills off 95 percent of all humans .
I will take my chances at being one of the 95 percent .
Barring a minute percentage .... I hate you all .
Posted by Pile on 2007-10 - 22 02:16:58
At least you guys are consistent .
That 's the Spirit
Posted by Not a Boomer on 2007-10 - 23 08:27:34
Way to be the voice of your generation , Obbop .
I think you just proved his point .
Posted by Obbop on 2007-11-09 22:18:33
" Way to be the voice of your generation , Obbop .
I think you just proved his point . "
I hate you the most Baby Boomers ruining the world
Posted by Mabon Dane on 2007- 11-15 21:06:09
It is depressing watching the news coming in of the fear , the loss of rights and freedoms , the destruction of young people as a result of baby boomers who now make all the decisions in government , media , business and education .
It is getting worse and worse , I hate the world that the Baby Boomers have created .
Posted by Francesca on 2008-02-11 19:28:37
Do n't forget all the STDs they unleashed with the sexual revolution !
I 'm gen x , but I was always so glad I had old silent generation parents , instead of hippy parents like my friends .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Many soldiers are reported killed or kidnapped
At least eight soldiers died in the raid and 15 escaped , the army says .
The whereabouts of another 25 are unknown .
A Taleban spokesman told BBC Urdu that 16 troops had been killed and another 12 captured during the fighting .
Two Taleban died in the fighting , he said .
South Waziristan is a known stronghold of pro-Taleban and al - Qaeda militants .
The region has been at the centre of fighting between the army and the militants in recent months .
Gunfire
" About 200 militants charged the fort from four sides , " army spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas said .
" They broke through the fort 's wall with rockets . "
Local officials and other reports suggest the number of militants may have been nearer to 1,000 .
Observers say this is the first time that militants have captured a fort in Pakistan .
The army says that up to 40 attackers were killed in the fighting , something the tribal fighters deny .
Taleban spokesman in South Waziristan Maulvi Umar told BBC
Urdu service that two fighters had been killed .
There is no independent confirmation of these figures .
Officials said troops at the fort came under rocket and automatic weapons attack from militants on Tuesday night .
Soldiers returned fire and the battle went on until early on Wednesday morning .
People in the Sararogha area told the BBC Urdu service the exchange of fire went on for four hours .
There are many forts in South Waziristan
They said the militants entered the remote military outpost and started shifting weapons and troops they had captured out of the fort .
It is unclear whether the militants are still inside the fort .
Correspondents say that Sararogha Fort dates back to the British colonial period .
It is one of several such posts located along South Waziristan 's mountainous border with Afghanistan .
Military personnel at the base monitor and patrol the frontier which it is claimed is used by militants to transport weapons into Afghanistan .
Militant leader
Correspondents say the Sararogha area is a stronghold of pro-Taleban militant leader Baitullah Mehsud .
He is accused by the government of being behind the assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto in Rawalpindi on 27 December and a wave of other bombings in recent months .
Meanwhile , the political administration of South Waziristan agency , based in neighbouring North West Frontier Province , has called a council of the Mehsud tribe to try to resolve the issue .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says that in recent weeks there has been an increase in skirmishes on Mehsud tribal lands .
Sources say the government is considering an economic blockade of the tribe .
Get ready for the price of gold to soar after this type of story in mainstream !
John Williams discusses a coming financial depression .
Explore these articles : FDIC Girds For Bank Failures & The FDIC Will Seek to Rehire 25 of It 's Own Retired Members , Many of Whom Specialized in Bank Closings .
www.investmentnews.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/ ... Wall Street Bank Run www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008 ... US Properties Plunge Into Negative Equity Than At Any Time Since The Great Depression Of The 30 ' sSource : www.guardian.co.uk/business/2008/feb/24/useconomy .... U.S. Credit Markets Collapsing !
hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/ECONOMY?SITE=RIPAW
... I think now you get the point .
The good times are over .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney on Monday declared the 2003 U.S. - led invasion of Iraq a “ successful endeavor ” during a visit to Baghdad , on the same day a woman suicide bomber killed 40 people .
“ If you look back on those five years it has been a difficult , challenging but nonetheless successful endeavor ... and it has been well worth the effort , ” Cheney , an architect of the invasion , said after meeting Iraqi leaders .
The Iraq war is a major issue in the U.S. presidential campaign .
Entering its sixth year this week , it has cost the United States $ 500 billion .
U.S. Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton said on Monday the final bill could be $ 1 trillion .
Tens of thousands of Iraqis and nearly 4,000 U.S. soldiers have been killed .
The military said two more soldiers died on Monday when a roadside bomb hit their vehicle near Baghdad .
In a northern district of the capital , six children were killed when a mortar round hit their home , Iraq ’s military said .
Shortly after Cheney spoke , a woman wearing a suicide vest blew herself up in a cafe in the southern holy Shi’ite city of Kerbala , killing 40 people and wounding 71 , police and health officials said .
Bombs in Baghdad killed four and wounded 13 .
“ I was talking with a friend and eating bread a few meters away from the cafe .
Suddenly I heard a huge explosion and I was thrown to the floor .
I saw smoke and bodies , ” witness Mohammed Kadhem , 39 , recounted after the Kerbala blast .
Cheney arrived as Republican presidential candidate John McCain was meeting Iraqi leaders as part of a Senate Armed Services Committee fact - finding mission .
“ I was last in Baghdad 10 months ago and I sense , as a result of the progress that has been made since then , phenomenal changes in terms of the overall situation , ” Cheney said after meeting Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki .
“ This visit is important because it comes at a time when there ’s a great deal of progress taking place in Iraq , ” Maliki said through a translator .
A poll of 2,000 people from across Iraq , commissioned by international broadcasters including the BBC and U.S. network ABC , found rising optimism among them .
Cheney said there had been a “ remarkable turnaround ” in security after 30,000 extra U.S. troops were sent to Iraq last year to help quell sectarian violence that threatened civil war .
Despite the improved security , however , some 4 million Iraqis are still displaced , and the International Committee of the Red Cross said in a report on Monday that millions were still deprived of clean water and medical care .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ SURGE WORKING ”
Like McCain , Cheney is in Iraq as part of a wider visit to the Middle East .
He was due to spend the night at a military base and will also visit Saudi Arabia , Jerusalem , the Palestinian territories , Turkey and Oman on a nine - day tour .
Both men have been staunch supporters of the U.S. troop build - up or “ surge ” .
The U.S. military says violence in Iraq has dropped by 60 percent since last June , although it acknowledges an upsurge in attacks since January .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ The surge is working , ” McCain told CNN in an interview in Baghdad , countering demands by Democratic presidential candidates Clinton and Barack Obama for U.S. troops to be withdrawn from Iraq as soon as possible .
McCain and Cheney did not cross paths during the day as the vice president held a series of meetings with Iraqi leaders .
He traveled outside the U.S. - protected Green Zone in a heavily armored motorcade to visit Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and powerful Shi’ite political leader Abdul - Aziz al - Hakim .
“ There is still a lot of difficult work that must be done , but as we move forward the Iraqi people should know that they will have the unwavering support of President Bush and the United States in consolidating their democracy , ” Cheney said after meeting Abdul Aziz al - Hakim , head of Iraq ’s largest Shi’ite political bloc , the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council .
Among the political issues Cheney discussed with Iraq ’s leaders was a stalled hydrocarbon law , stressing that it was important to Iraq ’s national development , U.S. ambassador Ryan Crocker said later .
The law would share revenues from Iraq ’s vast oil reserves , the world ’s third largest , but remains blocked because of reluctance to compromise among Iraq ’s political blocs .
( Additional reporting by Sami al - Jumaili in Kerbala and
Mohammed Abbas in Baghdad ; writing by Paul Tait and Ross
Colvin ; editing by Andrew Roche )
By Eric Peters , Automotive Columnist
Gas prices are putting the hurting on us all — but you can ease the pain at the pump if you ’re driving one of these :
Ultracompacts
1 ) 2008 Smart For Two
The Smart is a two - seater designed principally for in - city driving .
Its small size makes it very easy to park in tight spaces and ideal for negotiating busy urban traffic environments .
Its unusual “ short and tall ” styling will also draw lots of attention .
However , its two - seater configuration and minimal ( 8 cubic foot ) cargo capacity limits its day - to - day practicality – while its standard three - cylinder , 70 horsepower engine lacks sufficient reserve power for extended highway driving .
MSRP : $ 11,590 ( Pure coupe w/ manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 33 city /40 highway
2 ) 2008 Toyota Yaris
The Yaris is Toyota ’s smallest , least expensive – and most economical car .
It is available in both three - door hatchback and sedan configrations .
Though smaller than traditional subcompacts , the Yaris is still viable for general use and not limited to in - city driving like the Smart car .
Its standard 1.5 liter four - cylinder engine has adequate power ( 103 hp ) for highway driving and there is room inside for four people – although backseat occupants will find the space a little tight .
Of all the so - called “ B cars ” that began appearing last year ( including the Honda Fit and Nissan Versa ) the Yaris is the most economical ( by several MPGs ) and also has the lowest base price .
MSRP : $ 11,350 ( hatchback coupe with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 29 city / 36 highway
Subcompacts
3 ) 2008 BMW Mini Cooper
The Mini Cooper is something of an oddball in that it ’s among the most economical new cars you can buy yet also extremely appealing on an emotional level .
People buy this car as much for its gas mileage as they do its outsized personality and retro - themed styling .
Like the original Mini of the 1960s , the current car is much larger on the inside than you ’d expect from the outside and can comfortably accommodate occupants well over six feet tall up front .
The back seats are less roomy – but still serviceable for kids .
For 2008 , the Mini range has been expanded with a new wagon - like Clubman model that offers almost twice the cargo capacity with the same high fuel efficiency as the standard coupe .
MSRP : $ 18,050 ( coupe with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 28 city /37 highway
4 ) 2008 Scion xD
The xD is a new Scion model that replaces the slow - selling xA .
It ’s a five - door hatchback aimed at younger buyers – and so has a distinctive cube - like exterior shape and available high - end audio / entertainment equipment on the inside – including an integrated GPS / stereo system with flat panel display and jacks for hooking up external accessories such as iPods .
Audio and video files can be downloaded an played on the system .
The youth - oriented Scion is also sportier than may cars in this segment thanks to its standard 18 .
liter , 128 horsepower engine .
Like all Scion models , the xD may be personalized with a variety of dealer - installed optional equipment , including a Toyota Racing Development ( TRD ) performance exhaust system that bumps up the output of the xD ’s engine by approximately five more horsepower .
MSRP : $ 14,550 ( hatchback sedan with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 27 city /33 highway
Compacts
5 ) 2009 Toyota Corolla
Though a bit on the drab and doughty side , the Corolla ca n’t be faulted on either economy or value .
The version on sale now has just been heavily updated and is larger inside than any previous Corolla .
It also offers features such as GPS navigation that were formerly available only in higher - priced cars .
One big difference between the Corolla and its chief rival , Honda ’s Civic , is that Toyota only offers the Corolla in sedan form while the Civic is available as both a sedan and a coupe .
Of the two , the Toyota is the less sporty - feeling – but it has a softer , more comfortable ride , as well as class - leading fuel efficiency .
MSRP : $ 15,250 ( sedan with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 28 city /37 highway
6 ) 2008 Honda Civic
The Civic approaches the mileage capability of smaller , less practical subcompacts and has one of the lowest depreciation rates of any car of its type you could buy .
Available as a coupe or sedan , the Civic ’s standard 1.8 liter four - cylinder engine is also powerful for a car of this type , with 140 hp on tap .
While most economy - oriented cars are not especially fun to drive , the Civic delivers sporty acceleration and crisp handling along with very high fuel economy .
A new natural gas - burning GX version is also available for 2008 ; it can be refueled at home ( with a CNG hook - up ) and produces virtually no harmful emissions – and frees you from worries about the price of a gallon of gasoline .
A hybrid version is also available ( see below ) .
MSRP : $ 14,810 ( coupe with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 26 city , 34 highway
Buyer ’s note : Later in 2008 / early 2009 , Subaru will be introducing a first - ever diesel engine for the Impreza sedan / wagon that should be capable of at least 40 mpg on the highway .
Mid-size
7 ) 2008 Nissan Altima
The Altima sedan is comparable to the Maxima sedan ( with which it shares its basic chassis ) in terms of interior space and overall size — but unlike the Maxima , offers a more economical four - cylinder standard engine ( vs. a V - 6 in the Maxima ) .
The Altima is a roomy , 5 - passenger sedan with a good - sized ( 15.3 cubic foot ) trunk and peppy performance from its 2.5 liter , 175 horsepower engine – with highway fuel economy approaching that of smaller economy - compacts and better than its two chief rivals , the Toyota Camry and Honda Accord .
For 2008 , a hybrid version is also available .
MSRP : $ 18,330 ( sedan with manual and four - cylinder engine )
EPA mileage : 23 city / 32 highway
8 ) 2009 Hyundai Sonata
Hyundais have been great values for many years now – offering more features for less money than similar models from other manufacturers – along with industry - best warranty coverage on top of that .
Now you can also get some of the best - available fuel economy , too .
The just - redesigned ’09 Sonata is a large , exceptionally well - equipped sedan ( AC , traction and stability control , side - impact air bags are included in the car ’s $ 18 k base price ) that is also easier on gas than former class leaders like the Camry and Accord .
And its 10 year / 100,000 mile powertrain coverage ( and five year / 60,000 mile basic warranty ) are still the best in the business .
MSRP : $ 18,120 ( sedan with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 22 city /32 highway
Buyer ’s note : Later in 2008 / early 2009 , VW will reportedly be offering a diesel version of the Passat sedan / wagon that should be capable of 40 - plus MPG on the highway .
Full -size
9 ) 2008 Toyota Avalon
The Avalon is one of the few large sedans that can approach 30 mpg on the highway without hybrid power ; its front - drive layout also gives it an edge in snow / wet weather over rear - drive large sedans such as the Chrysler 300 – which costs several thousand dollars more ( $ 24,595 ) to start and also burns more fuel ( 18 city / 26 highway ) .
But the Avalon does n’t sacrifice power to achieve high economy ; its standard 3.5 liter , 268 horsepower V - 6 is one of the strongest engines in this class ( the more expensive / less efficient 300 comes standard with a 2.7 liter , 178 hp V - 6 ) that provides easy merging / passing power – along with good gas mileage .
MSRP : $ 28,720
EPA mileage : 19 city / 28 highway
10 ) 2008 Chevy Impala
You ’ll like the Impala for the same reasons it ’s popular with police departments all over the country ; room for six , a huge ( 19 cubic foot ) trunk , comfortable ride , reasonable price – and great gas mileage for a car this big .
In fact , the Impala ’s highway mileage is slightly better than the Avalon ’s – and its city mileage only slightly less .
Yet it ’s a bigger , roomier car than the five - passenger Toyota .
The Impala ’s standard 3.5 liter V - 6 is the most economical , but the optional 3.9 liter V - 6 provides more power ( 233 hp vs. 211 hp ) with only a slight fuel economy penalty ( 18 city / 28 highway ) courtesy of cylinder deactivation technology that shuts off three of the engine ’s six cylinders when they ’re not needed .
MSRP : $ 21,650 ( 3.5 liter V - 6/automatic transmission )
EPA mileage : 18 city / 29 highway
Luxury
11 ) 2008 Mercedes - Benz E320 Bluetec
All the size , luxury , power and performance of a Mercedes E - Class mid-sized luxury sedan , but with much better economy than the gas - burning versions of this car .
“ Bluetc ” is Mercedes ’ term for its new line of high - efficiency / low - emissions diesels – which unlike previous diesel passenger cars from Mercedes ( and other manufacturers ) are available in all 50 states .
Equipped with the 3.0 liter turbo - diesel engine , an E320 has a highway range of nearly 700 miles on a full tank of fuel – vs. just over 500 miles for the gas - burning E350 .
MSRP : $ 52,200
EPA mileage : 23 city / 32 highway
12 ) 2008 Lexus ES350
Ten years ago , more than half the luxury cars on the market were front - wheel - drive ; today , most are rear - wheel - drive – and burn more fuel .
( The rear - drive layout adds weight because of the additional components , including a separate axle and transmission . )
The ES350 , however , remains front - wheel - drive – and continues to be at the top of the fuel efficiency ladder .
The FWD layout also provides better traction in poor weather than RWD ( and for less money than AWD , all else being equal ) .
Finally , the ES350 does n’t try to be sporty , so its suspension is very forgiving over rough roads – and its ride especially soft and comfortable compared with other cars of this type .
MSRP : $ 33,820
EPA mileage : 19 city / 27 highway
Buyer ’s note : Later in 2008 or early 2009 Mercedes - Benz will be offering a diesel powered version of the C - Class capable of 35 - plus MPGs on the highway .
BMW will likewise be offering a high - efficiency diesel version of the popular 3 - Series sedan .
SUVs
13 ) 2008 Jeep Compass / Patriot
The Compass ( and its cousin , the Patriot ) are among the most fuel - efficient small SUVs on the market , especially in terms of their city mileage .
Buyers should be aware , however , that these vehicles are unlike traditional Jeep models in that they are based on light - duty car - type platforms and do n’t have truck - type four - wheel - drive with Low range gearing .
Base models are front - wheel - drive , with a light duty all - wheel - drive system available optionally .
MSRP : $ 16,475 ( 2.0 liter four - cylinder , 2WD with manual transmission )
EPA mileage : 23 city / 28 highway
14 ) 2008 Mercedes - Benz GL320
Diesel power allows this full - size , seven - passenger 4WD SUV to deliver 30 - 40 percent better economy than gas - powered equivalents ( and the same mileage as the smaller , 5 - passenger Mercedes M- Class ML320 SUV ) .
Most similar in size / capacity / power SUVs have best - case mileage in the mid-high teens and do n’t even offer the option of a diesel powerplant .
Standard GL320 amenities include automatic fold - flat third row seats and a load - leveling suspension , as well as full - time 4WD .
This vehicle can tow 7,500 lbs. and has more than 83 cubic feet of cargo capacity with the second and third row seats folded down .
MSRP : $ 53,400
EPA mileage : 18 city , 24 highway
Hybrids
15 ) 2008 Toyota Prius
The first mass - produced hybrid is still the most fuel efficient new vehicle you can buy .
Though other hybrids , like the Civic hybrid , can approach its highway mileage , the Prius ’ near - 50 mpg capability in city driving is significantly better than that offered by any other car on the market , hybrid or otherwise .
And because it is also a fairly large ( almost mid-sized ) car , the Prius is viable as a family ’s main or even only car – eliminating the need for a second car altogether .
MSRP : $ 21,100
EPA mileage : 48 city , 45 highway
16 ) 2008 Honda Civic Hybrid
The Civic hybrid ranks high on the mileage scale , but not as high as the Prius – and only a few mpg higher than some of the most efficient ( and non -hybrid ) small cars currently available , including the Scion xD and Toyota Corolla .
It is also more expensive than the larger , more efficient Prius .
MSRP : $ 22,600
EPA mileage : 40 city , 45 highway
Buyer ’s note :
There are more hybrids available to day than ever before , including hybrid versions of SUVs such as the Ford Escape and Mercury Mariner and large ultra-luxury sedans such as the Lexus LS600h .
However , many of these new hybrids are n’t built specifically to improve fuel economy to the greatest extent possible but rather to provide a middle ground between the economy of , for example , a four - cylinder engine and the power / performance of a V - 6 .
Buyers should be aware that the gas mileage advantage of many of these may not be enough to overcome the often much higher purchase price ( relative to non-hybrid versions of the same vehicle ) .
For more info , see : http://www.fueleconomy.gov/feg/bestworst.shtml
Comments ?
www.ericpetersautos.com
Additional Note :
Lists like this always generate heated discussion about vehicles that people feel should be on the list and were omitted .
Check the comments for further discussion and feel free to suggest vehicles that you think have been overlooked .
Strategists almost universally said Clinton ’s only hope is to bring Obama down through more — and more direct — attacks on his readiness to lead .
How Hillary can still win
Sometime in the early hours of Feb. 6 , as the meaning of the Super Tuesday results became clear , Hillary Rodham Clinton morphed from front - runner into underdog .
And her prospects — in the eyes of the delegate counters , pundits and electronic futures markets — have gone downhill from that moment .
But some Democratic insiders , despite the favorable light the current campaign narrative shines on Barack Obama , do not rule out that a Democratic race that has held nothing but surprises thus far might provide one more .
With the primary calendar stretching out for months , the media focusing more intensely than ever on Obama and the Democratic Party ’s rules under assault , some Democratic strategists say Clinton retains a path to victory — but little margin for error .
Advertisement
Strategists almost universally said Clinton ’s only hope is to bring Obama down through more — and more direct — attacks on his readiness to lead .
And if that works , Clinton ’s road map to victory is simply to start winning .
An unexpected victory in Wisconsin on Tuesday would restore her campaign ’s momentum .
And win or lose there , Clinton , as her campaign has acknowledged , must win Ohio and Texas on March 4 .
Then , as the race stretches through the long spring of March , April , May and June , she needs to win the big state of Pennsylvania and — just as important — to win the argument about why she ’s winning , the strategists said .
“ Is she still in an uphill fight ?
Yes .
But is it an implausible scenario ?
Absolutely not , ” said Paul Maslin , a Democratic pollster who advised New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson .
“ She ’s got to say , ‘ I ’m winning the hearts and minds of the middle - class Democrats ; they ’re the ones who are going to decide this race in the fall , ’ ” Maslin said .
“ And she ’s got to say , ‘ I ’m roughing this guy up for the first time , and it ’s working .
What do you think the Republicans are going to do to him ? ’ ”
( Not all Democrats are so sanguine .
One former Clinton adviser , asked to outline a scenario for her victory , gamely did so and then paused .
“ My real opinion is , it ai n’t gonna happen , ” he said . )
There ’s no secret to where Obama ’s weakness lies :
Every poll and strategists from both parties have long pointed to both his real and perceived lack of experience .
But Clinton ’s attempts to contrast her years in public life with his do not seem to have made an impact so far , and she may be forced to turn up the heat .
“ She ca n’t win by affirmatively making the case for herself .
Her vote ceiling has been reached , or she ’s close to it , ” said Dan Gerstein , a Democratic political consultant who supports Obama .
“ The best thing she can do is either discredit Obama or raise doubts about him .
“ I hate to say it , but in certain respects , it ’s using the Bush strategy against Kerry against Obama and raising doubts about his willingness to use force to keep the country safe , ” he said .
“ The Obama people and the pacifists will scream ‘ scare tactics . ’
But for a lot of people , that ’s not scare tactics — they care about national security and the commander in chief responsibility , ” Gerstein said .
Clinton ’s second line of attack has been a variant on Walter Mondale ’s famous jibe at Gary Hart : “ Where ’s the beef ? ” Clinton has tried , again without enough success , to paint Obama as a candidate of words rather than substance .
Monday , Clinton aides said Obama ’s echoing of a rhetorical riff of Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick undermines his candidacy because “ Sen. Obama ’s campaign is largely premised on the strength of his rhetoric and his promises . ”
A Democratic consultant ( and Clinton supporter ) in New York , Hank Sheinkopf , suggested Team Clinton take that line of argument a step further and compare Obama directly to Patrick , who some critics say has failed to live up to the promise of his rhetoric .
“ You have to run the anti-Deval Patrick campaign , ” he said .
“ He ’s sure done a brilliant job of governing . ”
“ Say , ‘ It ’s the same campaign that ’s been done in other places — let ’s look at the results , ’ ” Sheinkopf said .
If Clinton stays alive through March , there ’s little space for dramatic change before a showdown in Pennsylvania on April 22 .
And while that ’s a state where Clinton ’s strong , only unexpectedly wide margins in Ohio , Texas and Pennsylvania could restore her lead in pledged delegates .
Her best bet , then , is to make the case to the superdelegates .
“ With the superdelegates and the insiders after March 4 , electability may be the only case being made on both sides , ” Maslin said .
And it ’s unclear when the bulk of uncommitted superdelegates will throw their weight behind the front - runner — and whether they will judge that front - runner by his or her lead among pledged delegates or total delegates or by some other count .
Certainly , the Clinton campaign will continue to make the case that many of her supporters in Florida have been excluded from the process by a technicality .
Former Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey , who supports Clinton , said he expected the remaining , uncommitted superdelegates to coalesce behind whoever is the front - runner by a count of total delegate support later this spring .
“ She ’s got to have more of the total delegates , ” he said .
“ Pennsylvania is when the window closes . ”
Clinton ’s attacks on Obama , however , may hurt her on that front .
“ Going negative is n’t likely to appeal to superdelegates , ” said another veteran of Democratic presidential politics .
If — and it remains a big if — Clinton can win Texas and Ohio , few expect a swift capitulation from her , even if her margins are narrower than she hopes .
In politics , there ’s little harm in playing for time .
“ There are a few ways that the Clinton campaign can come back — and while it wo n’t be easy , it ’s not beyond them , ” Ken Baer , an unaligned consultant and editor of the journal Democracy , wrote in an e-mail .
“ And there are a few ways that are totally beyond their control : 1 ) Obama has a massive gaffe , 2 ) there is a terrorist attack or other major foreign policy crisis that gets people yearning for a steady hand or 3 ) there is a revelation of some sort of Obama scandal that gets Democratic voters to take a pause . ”
As the year draws to a close , Toronto Star reporters reflect on the stories that left an indelible mark on their own lives in 2007 .
One in a series .
I first encountered Philippe Lacaille in the pages of the Toronto Star .
He was interviewed extensively in the aftermath of the crash of an Air France jet at Pearson International Airport in August 2005 .
His was a riveting account of escaping the burning aircraft with his wife and two children .
They were among 309 people who have been cast as the survivors of a miracle because everyone got out of the burning plane alive .
When the Transportation Safety Board of Canada released its final report on the accident earlier this month , I looked up Lacaille to find out how he and his family were faring since the Star last reported on them in 2005 .
His answer was as paradoxical as the event itself .
Of course the very fact they were alive was a miracle .
But make no mistake :
He told me the crash was a catastrophe that still reverberates with his family every day .
They love each other , but Lacaille and his wife , Veronique , are divorcing .
Something like a plane crash has a way of " crystallizing " things , he told me in words so matter - of - fact they underscored his obvious sadness .
Their son and daughter have become withdrawn and angry .
Lacaille suffers terrible guilt , blaming himself for allowing his children to board the flight .
He is quite certain their behaviour is more deeply rooted than teenaged mood swings .
His own nightmare , told to Star reporters just after the crash , had not changed much in its frequency or his account in 2 1 / 2 years .
" It always involves a plane flying at low altitudes in funny configurations , sometimes upside - down , sometimes sideways , the way it was with the wings hitting the ground , " he said .
Even awake , he can't escape the image of the orange aura behind the head of his daughter , Emilie , who was seated apart from the family .
" The only thing I had on my mind was to get my daughter under me so we could all die together , " he told me .
Despite the depression that still dogs him – a condition typical of post - traumatic stress sufferers – Lacaille strives to be positive .
Every week he takes his healing hands to a Toronto shelter offering reiki treatments , a therapy that channels energy through touch .
Even though he has more reason than most to be wary of journalists , he freely gave me the human side of the crash story , the dimension that was scarcely acknowledged in the final investigation report in December .
He patiently answered all my questions even though he told me he would do everything he could to shield his children from the story I was writing .
When I asked how a sophisticated French pharmaceutical executive had come to practise yoga and reiki in the Toronto suburb of Aurora , Lacaille 's answer was surprisingly simple – reiki and yoga were just an extension of his career , which had always been about helping people feel well .
Post - traumatic stress is an invisible injury but no less real than broken bones , according to one of the lawyers representing more than half the Air France crash survivors , who have launched a class action suit .
" I understand the way ( the crash ) was reported .
No one died , no one was paralyzed , no one was burned , " said Paul Miller .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But it 's all about perspective .
" I consider people who are so petrified of getting into an elevator I have to go down to my lobby to meet with them – I consider that serious . "
One passenger was just finishing off a PhD when he had the misfortune to board Air France Flight 358 in Paris .
Miller said , " It took him 18 months before he would hold his newborn baby because he was depressed . "
Enlarge By Ismail Zaydah , Reuters Palestinians carry the body of Islamic Jihad militant Mohammed Mohana , who was killed by Israeli forces , during his funeral in Gaza , Tuesday .
Abbas called on Israel to halt its aggression , while Rice asked that the nation make " a very strong effort to spare innocent life " in Gaza .
Enlarge By Mohammed Salem , Reuters Hamas supporters take part in an anti-Israel rally in Gaza , Tuesday .
Rice blamed Hamas radicals for provoking the Israeli military onslaught on the Gaza Strip and for sowing " instability " in the region .
RICE'S MIDEAST TRIP RICE'S MIDEAST TRIP Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is traveling to Egypt , Israel , the Palestinian territories and Brussels March 3 - 7 , 2008 .
Rice plans to meet with Israeli and Palestinian leaders to support their ongoing bilateral dialogue and the serious effort underway to achieve agreement this year on the establishment of a Palestinian state , living side by side with Israel in peace and security .
Next , she will participate in a meeting of NATO Foreign Ministers and will meet with NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer and the EU Ministerial troika on March 6 .
She will also deliver keynote remarks at a meeting of the Women Leaders Working Group , organized by EU Commissioner Benita Ferrero - Waldner .
Source : U.S. Department of State Abbas rejects peace talks after Gaza violence CAIRO ( AP ) 
The U.S. - backed Palestinian president rebuffed the Bush administration 's request Tuesday to quickly end a walkout of peace talks with Israel , saying Israeli military bombardment of civilians in the Gaza Strip is unacceptable under any circumstance .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice said negotiations are the only solution , and defended Israel 's right to seek out militants who use the tiny Hamas - held territory as a launching pad for increasing numbers of rockets targeting civilians in southern Israel .
BUSH : ' Plenty of time ' for Mideast negotiations RETALIATIONS : Israeli forces back in Gaza ; baby killed " I understand the difficulties of the current moment , " Rice said following meetings with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
" We all must keep an eye on what is important . "
She won no public promise that Palestinians would end their boycott soon .
U.S. officials say they understand his political predicament and predict talks will resume after a brief lull .
Abbas was not expected to relent before Rice leaves the Middle East on Wednesday .
" I call on the Israeli government to halt its aggression so the necessary environment can be created to make negotiations succeed , for us and for them , to reach the shores of peace in 2008 , " Abbas said .
He was referring to the goal — stated at a U.S. - sponsored Mideast peace conference in November — of reaching an Israeli - Palestinian peace treaty by the end of the year .
" Negotiations are going to have to be able to withstand the efforts of rejectionists to upset them , to create chaos and violence , so that people react by deciding not to negotiate , " Rice said in Egypt at the start of two days of Mideast meetings overshadowed by the Gaza crisis .
" That 's the game of those who do n't want to see a Palestinian state established . "
Abbas pulled out of negotiations Sunday in protest over Israel 's weekend sweep , which has killed more than 120 Palestinians .
Abbas has given no date for returning .
" No one can under any kind of pretext justify what the Israeli military have conducted over the past days , " an angry Abbas told reporters , with Rice at his side .
The best Rice got from Abbas during their joint public appearance in Ramallah was affirmation that his government remains pledged to the peace path charted by Bush last fall .
The negotiations are supposed to yield a deal outlining an independent Palestinian state this year .
The violence transformed Rice 's scheduled mission to encourage progress in peace talks that have shown no public sign of breakthrough .
Instead , Rice was just trying to restore the talks .
The Bush administration has staked peace hopes on Abbas ' West Bank government , freezing out Hamas militants who seized the smaller , poorer Gaza Strip in June .
Hamas is pledged to Israel 's destruction .
Although Abbas has had little power over the coastal area of 1.4 million people since Hamas took over , the high death toll inflamed public opinion in both territories against Israel and made it difficult for him to continue the talks .
In Washington , President Bush said he remains optimistic .
With only 10 months left in his presidency , Bush said Tuesday he still believes there is " plenty of time " to get a Mideast peace deal before his term ends .
" This is a process that always two steps forward and one step back , " Bush said after meeting at the White House with Jordan 's King Abdullah II .
" We just need to make sure that it 's just one step back . "
Fighting escalated sharply last week after Israel mounted an onslaught in northern Gaza to retaliate for Palestinian rocket fire that reached closer to Israel 's heartland than ever before .
Israel pulled out its ground forces on Monday , but has continued air assaults against persistent Palestinian attacks .
On Tuesday , militants hit a house in the rocket - weary town of Sderot , causing no injuries but extensive damage .
Another landed in an open area .
Israeli forces responded by launching several air and ground strikes on rocket squads and Hamas installations Tuesday , killing one militant and wounding another , Hamas said .
The body of a Palestinian militant was also found near the Gaza - Israel border .
Medics said it was not clear when the man had been killed .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Thaer Ganaim , Reuters Abbas walks with Rice to their meeting , on Tuesday .
Rice hoped to persuade Abbas to resume negotiations he cut off Sunday , after more than 120 Gazans were killed in an Israeli operation against militants .
" What we are trying to achieve is not easy ... but I do believe it can be done , " U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said during a news conference with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah , Tuesday .
Rice is on her latest trip to push Mideast peace talks forward .
By Marco Longari , AFP / Getty Images Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Announcing : Second Annual Movie - Plot Threat Contest
The first Movie - Plot Threat Contest asked you to invent a horrific and completely ridiculous , but plausible , terrorist plot .
All the entrants were worth reading , but Tom Grant won with his idea to crash an explosive - filled plane into the Grand Coulee Dam .
This year the contest is a little different .
We all know that a good plot to blow up an airplane will cause the banning , or at least screening , of something innocuous .
If you stop and think about it , it ’s a stupid response .
We screened for guns and bombs , so the terrorists used box cutters .
We took away box cutters and small knives , so they hid explosives in their shoes .
We started screening shoes , so they planned to use liquids .
We now confiscate liquids ( even though experts agree the plot was implausible ) … and they ’re going to do something else .
We ca n’t win this game , so why are we playing ?
Well , we are playing .
And now you can , too .
Your goal : invent a terrorist plot to hijack or blow up an airplane with a commonly carried item as a key component .
The component should be so critical to the plot that the TSA will have no choice but to ban the item once the plot is uncovered .
I want to see a plot horrific and ridiculous , but just plausible enough to take seriously .
Make the TSA ban wristwatches .
Or laptop computers .
Or polyester .
Or zippers over three inches long .
You get the idea .
Your entry will be judged on the common item that the TSA has no choice but to ban , as well as the cleverness of the plot .
It has to be realistic ; no science fiction , please .
And the write - up is critical ; last year the best entries were the most entertaining to read .
As before , assume an attacker profile on the order of 9/11 : 20 to 30 unskilled people , and about $ 500,000 with which to buy skills , equipment , etc .
Post your movie plots here on this blog .
Judging will be by me , swayed by popular acclaim in the blog comments section .
The prize will be an autographed copy of Beyond Fear ( in both English and Japanese ) and the adulation of your peers .
And , if I can swing it — I could n’t last year — a phone call with a real live movie producer .
Entries close at the end of the month — April 30 — so Crypto - Gram readers can also play .
This is not an April Fool ’s joke , although it ’s in the spirit of the season .
The purpose of this contest is absurd humor , but I hope it also makes a point .
Terrorism is a real threat , but we ’re not any safer through security measures that require us to correctly guess what the terrorists are going to do next .
EDITED TO ADD ( 6/15 ) : Winner here .
Posted on April 1 , 2007 at 6:46 AM • 363 Comments
At an estimated $ 35.8 billion marijuana is by far the largest cash crop in the United States when compared to the average production values of other crops from 2003 to 2005 .
( Production values for other crops were obtained from the Department of Agriculture . [ 22 ] )
Table 7 . Top Cash Crops in the United States ( Average Value 2003 – 2005 )
Average Rank Crop Production Value ( $ 1000s ) 1 Marijuana $ 35,803,591 2 Corn $ 23,299,601 3 Soybeans $ 17,312,200 4 Hay $ 12,236,638 5 Vegetables $ 11,080,733 6 Wheat $ 7,450,907 7 Cotton $ 5,314,870 8 Grapes $ 2,876,547 9 Apples $ 1,787,532 10 Rice $ 1,706,665 11 Oranges $ 1,583,009 12 Tobacco $ 1,466,633 13 Sugarbeets $ 1,158,078 14 Sugarcane $ 942,176 15 Sorghum $ 840,923 16 Cottonseed $ 821,655 17 Peanuts $ 819,617 18 Barley $ 653,095 19 Peaches $ 474,745 20 Beans $ 467,236
Based on a comparison with average production values of other crops from 2003 to 2005 marijuana is the top cash crop in 12 states , one of the top 3 cash crops in 30 states , and one of the top 5 cash crops in 39 states . [ 23 ]
Marijuana is the largest cash crop in Alaska , Alabama , California , Connecticut , Hawaii , Kentucky , Maine , North Carolina , Oregon , South Carolina , Tennessee , and West Virginia .
( See Table 8 below . )
Domestic marijuana production often takes place in marginal areas not usually associated with agricultural production .
In addition to indoor cultivation in trailers , closets , basements , and attics marijuana is grown outdoors along fence lines , in forests , on other public lands , in undeveloped rural countryside areas , and on other parts of private land generally inaccessible and unseen by the public .
Table 8 . Thirty States Where Marijuana is One of the Top Three Cash Crops
Average Values 2003 – 2005 ; Production Values ( $ 1000s )
By BECKY BARROW
Last updated at 09:41 29 March 2008
Families are cutting spending and dipping into savings because money is so tight , according to reports released yesterday .
Nearly 60 per cent of adults said they will have to make sweeping economies over the next 12 months .
And it is not just life 's luxuries , such as foreign holidays and socialising , that face the chop .
One in four said they were going to try to cut their weekly food shopping bill .
The report , from the financial comparison website MoneyExpert , shows how the credit crunch is biting .
The gloom is deepening for millions who had pinned their hopes of prosperity on rising property prices .
Nationwide , the biggest building society , said yesterday that the price of the average home had fallen by nearly £ 7,000 since October .
Experts fear there is worse to come .
One said the mortgage meltdown could cause prices to plunge as much as 30 per cent over the next three to four years .
Many homeowners are also seeing the cost of their mortgage going up and are finding it more difficult to borrow money on credit cards or by taking out a loan .
Sean Gardner , chief executive of Money - Expert , said : " The credit crunch is moving on from being something that just affects bankers to having real effects on real people in the real economy . "
Another report , from the Post Office , showed how a lack of spare cash is driving many to raid their savings accounts .
Half of those who put money into a savings account at the beginning of the month are having to withdraw it by the end of the month , the survey said .
These " savings bouncers " , as the Post Office calls them , are suffering from increasing daily living costs with energy , food and petrol rising at the fastest rate since records began .
Financial advisers encourage regular monthly savings , but the harsh reality of soaring bills and below - inflation pay rises mean this is not always possible .
One in five of those surveyed admitted to " bouncing " every month and nearly five million say they " simply cannot afford " to make regular savings .
The biggest losers are the elderly because inflation is much higher for them than it is for the rest of the country , according to another report .
This is largely because they spend more of their money on energy and food - both of which have risen sharply recently , said Home & Capital , an equity release firm .
The Nationwide 's latest monthly house survey found that the average price dropped 0.6 per cent this month to an average of £ 179,110 .
That means prices across the country have fallen for the last five months by a total of 3 per cent .
Ed Stansfield , of City analysts Capital Economics , had originally predicted a 5 per cent fall this year and 8 per cent next year .
But yesterday he warned that the mortgage meltdown could make a bad situation even worse .
Mr Stansfield said : " There is a growing risk of a sharper and deeper adjustment .
Hopes that the housing market is experiencing little more than a short - term wobble look increasingly forlorn . "
Cheap mortgage deals are disappearing every day as banks and building societies continue to feel the squeeze .
Alliance & Leicester will today become the latest lender to axe one of its deals when it withdraws its 4.99 per cent two - year fixed rate mortgage after being flooded with applications from desperate homebuyers .
The gloomy outlook was shared by other economists .
Howard Archer , of Global Insight , another firm of City analysts , said his original prediction of a 5 per cent fall this year and next may also prove too optimistic .
He added : " The risks are mounting of a sharper drop . "
Nationwide 's chief economist Fionnuala Earley said one of the biggest factors in the market was " a clear change of sentiment " .
Over the past decade , buyers rushed to get on to the housing ladder because they believed - correctly - that prices were going up .
Today , many fear the opposite is more accurate , and are abandoning plans to buy unless they have no choice .
Figures from the Bank of England showed this week the number of people taking out a loan to buy a home has plunged by a third over the last year .
With no buyers , sellers have to cut their prices to have any hope of moving .
The other big fear is unemployment .
Economists are worried that prices will plummet if thousands of workers start losing their jobs and are forced to sell their homes .
Mr Archer said rising unemployment " would be liable to lead to a marked increase in the number of people having to sell houses for distressed reasons , particularly given the extent to which many households have had to stretch themselves to the limit to buy a house " .
WASHINGTON  A federal grand jury has issued a subpoena to a reporter of The New York Times , apparently to try to force him to reveal his confidential sources for a 2006 book on the Central Intelligence Agency , one of the reporter ’s lawyers said Thursday .
The subpoena was delivered last week to the New York law firm that is representing the reporter , James Risen , and ordered him to appear before a grand jury in Alexandria , Va. , on Feb .
7 .
Mr. Risen ’s lawyer , David N. Kelley , who was the United States attorney in Manhattan early in the Bush administration , said in an interview that the subpoena sought the source of information for a specific chapter of the book “ State of War . ”
The chapter asserted that the C.I.A. had unsuccessfully tried , beginning in the Clinton administration , to infiltrate Iran ’s nuclear program .
None of the material in that chapter appeared in The New York Times .
DIGG THIS
Every American , from the top Fortune 500 CEO to the youthful fast - food hamburger flipper , owes his standard of living — the highest in the world — to free market capitalism .
It ’s capitalism — private property and free markets — that provides the information and the incentive that allows each of us to maximize the value of our economic activity .
Yet to hear the ( mostly ) Democratic presidential candidates tell it , free markets are faulty , unfair , and inherently unstable ; indeed , government should constantly regulate markets and ride to the rescue whenever recession threatens .
The overall economic ignorance displayed in this year ’s political campaign has been staggering .
Instead of calling for balanced budgets , sound money , permanent tax reductions , and less regulation , most of the candidates have called for more inflation and more government intervention .
Hillary Clinton , for example , has said that she personally intends to “ manage the economy ” not understanding , apparently , that the “ economy ” is simply a metaphor for the billions of individual decisions made every day that no one person could ever “ manage . "
Recently , all of the Democratic candidates and several of the Republican candidates ( and President Bush ) have advocated various economic “ stimulus ” programs ( including rebate checks in the mail ) not understanding , apparently , that any one - time spending shot ( with borrowed money ) will fix precisely nothing .
( Lower individual and corporate tax rates would be helpful , however . )
And finally , several of the candidates want a short - run government moratorium on millions of impending mortgage foreclosures not understanding , apparently , that breaching contractual agreements and postponing the economically inevitable is not necessarily a smart thing .
The most significant area of economic ignorance , of course , is with respect to the Federal Reserve policy .
All of the candidates , both Democratic and Republican ( excepting Congressman Ron Paul ) have applauded the Central Bank ’s recent decision to dramatically lower the federal funds target rate to 3.5 % ; it may even be pushed lower .
( The federal funds rate is the rate at which banks lend to other banks ) .
To accomplish this reduction will require massive purchases of government securities by the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee which , in turn , will make mountains of new liquidity available to potential individual and institutional borrowers both here and abroad . .
Now this is a good thing , right ?
WRONG .
During deep recession with high unemployment and significant idle industrial capacity , some economists ( not me ) would advocate an aggressive “ easy money ” policy to jump - start the economy .
Be that as it may , that is emphatically NOT the current situation .
Additional liquidity from the Federal Reserve now would only serve to prop up tottering malinvestments ( mostly in housing and finance ) that are themselves the creature of the last Federal Reserve money bubble .
Further , additional liquidity will give rise ( at the margin ) to additional malinvestments that themselves will never be successfully completed due to a dearth of real savings .
Were all of the candidates asleep during the “ business cycle ” lecture in Economics 101 ?
Further , any new aggressive easy money policy will only further weaken the value of the dollar and eventually lead to more price inflation .
In my last op / ed ( “ Darkening Clouds ” )
I predicted that the Fed dare not push interest rates much lower since it risked destroying the dollar — the world ’s reserve currency — and dollar investments both at home and abroad .
Well , I obviously underestimated the recklessness of Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and the rest of the gang on the Open Market Committee .
To save Wall Street speculators and influential financial institutions ( that took absurd risks ) , the Fed now appears willing to drive the real rate of interest ( rates adjusted for inflation ) to near zero .
Now if that does n’t deepen and aggravate all of the on - going economic distortions already in place , I do n’t know what will .
In conventional terms , the only thing worse than a recession in the U.S. would be world - wide INFLATIONARY recession .
Well , the Federal Reserve and the Bush Administration have now set us up for exactly that dismal scenario .
As Betty Davis growled in All About Eve : “ Fasten your seat belts ; it ’s going to be a bumpy ride . "
The Best of Dom Armentano
Women 's Conference Webinars
The Teamsters Women 's Conference is continuing to provide timely , topic - specific webinars that we hope are helpful to you during this unusual and stressful time .
While they do not take the place of our in - person conference , it 's an opportunity to hear from experts in their fields regarding issues that affect all of us .
Like with any advice , the best advice I can give you about it is that you take what you feel applies to you and toss the rest .
In any event , here it is ... 10 .
Explore and get to know yourself , then establish your long - term goals as early as possible .
Establish intermediate goals to get you there .
Formulate the immediate plan .
Execute it .
Revise your goals .
Redo the last three steps over and over .
9 .
Lead a healthy lifestyle both physically and mentally .
Eat good food , exercise , go outside .
Broaden your horizons .
Meet people .
Learn things unrelated to your field .
8 . Get rid of your television .
7 .
You are too young to be bored .
If you are bored it either means you are not pushing yourself enough or not living enough ( or both ) .
Do n't let yourself be bored .
Keep busy .
Push yourself .
6 . Make the most out of your summers .
15 - week vacations will be a lot less frequent later on .
A summer without learning or experiencing something significant is a wasted one .
5 . Have an independent project in the back or front burner at all times .
Have a book you are reading in your off - time ( e.g. while riding the bus ) .
Podcasts and books on tape make for great workout music .
Finish one such book every few weeks .
4 . Read the textbook from cover to cover .
Do every problem in the book even if that is not required .
It is a pity to pay over $ 100 for a book you never read .
Well ... there are some books that are just not worth the effort , but at least do this with the ones you know are important .
3 .
Be dedicated but make sure you live .
You only get to turn 21 once .
Make sure your friends tell you what happened .
Never spend more than 3 weekends in a row without going to a social gathering and having a great time .
Get hammered .
2. Travel .1 .
Take your education into your own hands .
Do n't expect that you will learn by just following professor's , university and program prescriptions .
Pursue your interests on your own in as much depth as time allows .
Then pursue them some more even at the expense of some schoolwork .
Tucker Carlson in spat with ' Clinton a monster ' reporter David Edwards and Chris Tackett
Published : Friday March 7 , 2008
|
Print This Email This MSNBC's Tucker Carlson spoke to Gerri Peev of ' The Scotsman ' newspaper who reported on former Obama adviser Samantha Power 's off - the - cuff remark that Hillary Clinton was " a monster . "
Power , who has since resigned , initially asked Peev to keep the comment off - the - record .
Carlson asked Peev why she did not allow the comment to be off - the - record , stating that " typically the arrangement is if someone you 're interviewing wants a quote off - the - record , you give it to them off - the - record , " to which Peev countered by asking Carlson if reporters are " really that acquiescent in the United States . "
Peev added , " In the United Kingdom , journalists believe that on - or off - the - record is a principle that 's decided ahead of the interview .
If a figure of public life , someone whose ostensibly the adviser to the man who could be the most powerful politician in the world , if she makes a comment and decides it 's a bit too controversial and wants to withdraw it immediately after , unfortunately if the interview is on the record , it has to go ahead . "
The conversation then took a contentious turn when Carlson took a shot at the journalistic ethics of Great Britain , saying , " since journalistic standards in Great Britain are so much dramatically lower than they are here , it 's a little much being lectured in journalistic ethics by a reporter from ' The Scotsman . ' "
Peev replied , " If this is the first time that candid remarks have been published about what one campaign team thinks of another candidate , then I would argue that your journalists are n't doing a very good job of getting to the truth . "
Transcript via closed captions :: the shake - up in the obama campaign and the word that caused that trouble , " monster . " i spoke with the reporter who did that interview from the scottsman .
gary , thanks for joining us .
i wonder if you will give us context for the fund - raise that wound up ending the relationship with the obama campaign .
she is a monster , too .
that is off the record .
she is stooping to anything .
what was she talking about exactly ?
it 's not precisely clear from the quote ? :: hi there .
samantha power just come back from having a phone conversation with one of her other advisors about -- allegedly about something said about nafta .
she was talking about , i had asked her what 's wrong ?
she said we screwed up in the campaign in ohio .
i said why ?
what happened ?
she did n't use that same word , by the way .
i understand i can't swear on here .
i said why ?
what happened ?
she basically said that her friend had made some off the record comments and that -- i said , well , will anyone really be that worried about what was said .
she said in ohio they are obsessed .
it 's the only state hillary thinks she can win .
they are obsessed .
she 's a monster .
that 's off the record .
she was referring to that particular quote about hillary allegedly being a monster as being off the record . :: she wanted it off the record .
typically if the arrangement is someone you 're interviewing wants a quote off the record , you give them a quote off the record ?
why did n't you do that ? :: are you really that acquiescent .
on or off the record is a principle decided before the interview .
a figure in public life , ostensibly the adviser to the man who could be the most powerful politician in the world , if she makes a comment and decides it 's a bit too controversial and wants to withdraw it immediately thereafter , unfortunately if the interview is on the record , it has to go ahead . :: journalists in great britain standards are dramatically lower , it 's , getting -- the fact on the relationship between the press and the powerful .
people do n't talk to you when you go out of your way to hurt them as you did in this piece .
do n't you think that hurts the rest of us in our effort to get to the truth of the principles in this campaigns ? :: if this is the first time candid remarks have been published about what one team thinks of the other , i would argue that your journalists are n't doing their job .
i did n't go out of my way to hurt her .
she 's an intelligent and affable woman .
she is incredibly intelligent .
she may have known what she was doing .
she regretted it .
probably acted with integrity , not for me to decide one way or the other whether she did the right thing .
i did not go out and try to end her career .
in the uk when people make off the cuff remarks and get published after weeks or months and the fuss dies down , they are rehabilitated and given posts . :: i'm wondering if you 're justifying printing something she wanted off the record , i wondered why you did n't make the effort to determine what she was talking about .
when she said hillary is a monster it 's not clear what she was talking about .
did you ask a follow - up question to determine that ? :: i did n't ask her too much more about she 's a monster .
i discussed whether or not she thought people around the campaign team liked her .
i said to her over here in the press she 's come across looking a little desperate .
she said she 's coming across here in the united kingdom , we hope she 's coming across desperate as well .
what i was trying to do was underscore the tensions in the campaign . :: when i interview people , i attempt to understand what they are talking about .
that 's part of what it is to interview someone not simply to get someone using vulgarity on the record , to understand what they are saying .
that 's part of the journalism in the united states . :: the interview was on the record .
someone made a controversial comment and decided to withdraw it . :: i appreciate it .
thanks for coming on . :: you 're welcome .
thanks very much .
Amy Yee
Financial Times
March 20 , 2008
Tibet ’s government - in - exile on Thursday accused China of spreading “ propaganda ” and “ lies ” alleging Tibetans instigated violent protests as Chinese state media said police shot and wounded four rioters ‘‘ in self defense ’’ during recent unrest in a Tibetan area of Sichuan province .
The government - in - exile also urged pro-Tibet demonstrators strictly to adhere to non-violence in an attempt to rein in brewing anger from Tibetan exile groups as China reportedly sends more military troops into Tibetan regions to quell violent protests that erupted last week .
” China is infamous for using all state machineries to doctor evidence and propaganda hoping to confuse and fool the world with additional lies to cover up past lies as Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao have been doing in the last few days , ” said the Tibetan government - in - exile , based in the northern Indian town of Dharamsala .
” Thus , we must consider our actions with caution , because China is willing to label Tibetans as terrorists and try to legitimise their crackdown internationally . ”
Afterwards , Xinhua news agency , quoting unidentified police officers , said that Chinese police on Sunday shot and wounded four rioters in Aba county in southwestern Sichuan province .
It was the first time the government acknowledged shooting any protesters in nearly a week of unrest that started in Lhasa and spread to other Tibetan areas of China .
Read entire article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Why we care about file systems
Computer platform advocacy can bubble up in the strangest places .
In a recent interview at a conference in Australia , Linux creator Linus Torvalds got the Macintosh community in an uproar when he described Mac OS X's file system as " complete and utter crap , which is scary . "
What did he mean ?
What is a " file system " anyway , and why would we care why one is better than another ?
At first glance , it might seem that file systems are boring technical widgetry that would never impact our lives directly , but in fact , the humble file system has a huge influence on how we use and interact with computers .
This article will start off by defining what a file system is and what it does .
Then we 'll take a look back at the history of how various file systems evolved and why new ones were introduced .
Finally we 'll take a brief glance into our temporal vortex and see how file systems might change in the future .
We 'll start by looking at the file systems of the past , then we 'll look at file systems used by individual operating systems before looking at what the future may hold .
What is a file system ?
Briefly put , a file system is a clearly - defined method that the computer 's operating system uses to store , catalog , and retrieve files .
Files are central to everything we use a computer for : all applications , images , movies , and documents are files , and they all need to be stored somewhere .
For most computers , this place is the hard disk drive , but files can exist on all sorts of media : flash drives , CD and DVD discs , or even tape backup systems .
File systems need to keep track of not only the bits that make up the file itself and where they are logically placed on the hard drive , but also store information about the file .
The most important thing it has to store is the file 's name .
Without the name it will be nearly impossible for the humans to find the file again .
Also , the file system has to know how to organize files in a hierarchy , again for the benefit of those pesky humans .
This hierarchy is usually called a directory .
The last thing the file system has to worry about is metadata .
Metadata
Metadata literally means " data about data " and that 's exactly what it is .
While metadata may sound relatively recent and modern , all file systems right from the very beginning had to store at least some metadata along with the file and file name .
One important bit of metadata is the file 's modification date — not always necessary for the computer , but again important for those humans to know so that they can be sure they are working on the latest version of a file .
A bit of metadata that is unimportant to people — but crucial to the computer — is the exact physical location ( or locations ) of the file on the storage device .
Other examples of metadata include attributes , such as hidden or read - only , that the operating system uses to decide how to display the file and who gets to modify it .
Multiuser operating systems store file permissions as metadata .
Modern file systems go absolutely nuts with metadata , adding all sorts of crazy attributes that can be tailored for individual types of files : artist and album names for music files , or tags for photos that make them easier to sort later .
Advanced file system features
As operating systems have matured , more and more features have been added to their file systems .
More metadata options are one such improvement , but there have been others , such as the ability to index files for faster searches , new storage designs that reduce file fragmentation , and more robust error - correction abilities .
One of the biggest advances in file systems has been the addition of journaling , which keeps a log of changes that the computer is about to make to each file .
This means that if the computer crashes or the power goes out halfway through the file operation , it will be able to check the log and either finish or abandon the operation quickly without corrupting the file .
This makes restarting the computer much faster , as the operating system does n't have to scan the entire file system to find out if anything is out of sync .
Our Secret Attitude Changes
When you change your attitude about something , do you know why ?
Psychologists have argued that the inner workings of our minds are largely hidden away from us .
One aspect of this is the surprising finding that people are often unaware when they have changed their attitudes .
We may well , for example , be able to identify our current opinions on global warming .
We might find it easy to say , “ Yes , I think global warming is occurring and humans are to blame , ” or , “ No , it ’s just a long - term trend that has nothing to do with humans ” .
But when our opinions change , by say watching Al Gore ’s documentary , ‘ An Inconvenient Truth ‘ , psychologists have found we are unlikely to be aware what changed our minds .
It gets weirder .
In certain circumstances we may even be convinced that our attitude has never changed .
So that we are convinced our ‘ new ’ attitude is the one we always had .
Whether or not this sounds far - fetched to you , the effect is dramatically demonstrated in an experiment carried out by Goethals and Reckman ( 1973 ) .
Attitude change
High school students were asked their opinions on a variety of social issues , including on how children should be bussed to school and whether it would help with racial integration .
The actual topic itself does n’t matter for our purposes , what the experimenters were doing here is getting a measures of participants ’ attitudes to a specific issue before the experimental manipulation .
A couple of weeks later the students were invited back for a further discussion on the bussing issue .
This time , though , they were split into two groups , one that was pro- and one anti- the bussing issue .
These , then , are our two experimental groups , along with a third control group , more of which , later .
The two groups had separate discussions about the bussing issue , but amongst their number had been planted an experimental confederate .
The confederate was armed with a series of highly persuasive arguments designed to change the participant ’s minds on the issue .
Experimenters wanted to turn the pro- group into an anti- group and the anti- group into a pro-group .
The confederates turned out to be extremely persuasive ( and / or the students were easy to sway ! ) and the two groups were successfully turned around .
Results
The results are quite astonishing when you think about it .
When compared to a control group who were not involved in the further discussion , neither of the experimentally manipulated groups could accurately remember their original position .
What they remembered as their ‘ original ’ opinion seemed to have been significantly warped by the experimental manipulation .
First those who were anti-bussing originally recalled their pre-manipulation position as being much more pro-bussing than it actually was .
Even more impressively , those who were originally pro-bussing thought they were actually anti-bussing before the experiment .
Their recall of their previous position had completely turned around .
Strangely , when asked what effect the discussion had had on their views , all the participants thought it had n’t significantly changed their views .
If anything , they said , the discussion had just confirmed what they already thought .
I think this is absolutely fantastic .
So , these are the bare facts :
Objectively , the discussion changed people ’s minds about the issue .
Some people ’s opinions did a complete U - turn .
Despite this no one actually experienced the discussion as changing their mind , rather people claimed it only reinforced their previous opinion .
People were plain wrong about their opinions before the discussion , sometimes dramatically , and it had nothing to do with forgetting .
Remember that control participants could recall their previous attitudes correctly .
What ’s going on ?
Probably one of the main reasons that the results of this experiment were so dramatic is because the participants had no expectation that the experiment was designed to change their attitude .
This is because the purpose of the experiment was completely hidden from participants .
As a result , when people were asked to recall their attitudes before the discussion they simply accessed their current attitude and then assumed it had been the same all along .
There are , of course , alternative explanations – cognitive dissonance is one – plus it is quite easy to think of situations in which people would find it much easier to recall their previous attitudes and probably be much harder to influence in the first place .
For example in situations where attitudes are long - held and highly emotive .
For some people the earlier example of global warming may be just such a case .
Many of our attitudes are , though , much more mundane , but still important to our lives .
And what this experiment demonstrates is how easy it is for them to be changed without us knowing why , or even that it has happened .
Quotation Details
If you cannot convince them , confuse them .
Harry S Truman
33rd president of US ( 1884 - 1972 )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
By KATE SMITH
Last updated at 23:07 23 February 2008
You 'd hardly know I was ill if you were to look at me .
I go out with my friends , have a drink , travel , work , all the things everyone else does .
But at the back of my mind there is always a number - the average life expectancy for someone with my disease .
That number is 31 .
I am 29 .
I have cystic fibrosis .
It 's an incurable , genetic disease , where sufferers have thick mucus clogging their lungs .
Because of scarring from infection , a sufferer will either slowly suffocate - leaving their lungs unable to supply enough oxygen to the body - or their immune system loses the battle against infections .
Scroll down for more ...
Two years to live : Brave Kate Smith
Should both parents have the gene , there is a one - in - four chance their child will have it .
I do , but thankfully my younger brother Nick , and elder brother Alex , do n't .
When I was diagnosed at five , the average life expectancy was 17 , but each case is different .
Improved medication and physiotherapy have changed my life .
Blowing out the candles on my 18th birthday cake felt very good indeed .
Given my health problems - I 've been admitted to hospital at least a dozen times with infections , sometimes for several months - I could have hidden away and given up .
Instead , I have lived life to the full - parties , travel and romance .
I love new sports and I 've been whitewater - rafting , tandem sky - diving and bungee - jumping in Australia .
I know I 've got a lot to pack in .
When I 'm asked what is the worst part of my illness , I 'd have to say the exhaustion .
The rigorous exercise and physiotherapy regime required to help loosen the mucus on the lungs would tire anyone .
It includes swimming , yoga , gym and physiotherapy where the rib cage is beaten with cupped hands .
The reduced lung capacity makes it harder still to cope with everyday life , let alone a full - time job .
The effect of absorbing a cocktail of drugs - up to 50 pills a day - plus inhalers , also saps the energy .
The onset of infection will often bring appalling pains in my chest and either side of my spine .
Cystic fibrosis affects life in subtler ways , too .
I never leave my hair wet , because the cold and damp would make my lungs produce more mucus .
I also avoid mould , especially in fruit , which contains the staphylococcus aureus bacteria that can grow in cystic fibrosis mucus .
Despite this , my mum Moya and dad Phil - a chemistry teacher and a BA pilot - never wrapped me in cotton wool .
Scroll down for more ...
Support : Kate with brothers
Alex , left , and Nick , who are not sufferers
There were no restrictions on me .
My mother always threw me into exercise - swimming , dancing , trampolining and gymnastics - and I have continued into adulthood .
Some other parents did n't get it .
I remember one mum telling me I was not to blow up balloons at a party : far too strenuous for a frail little thing like me , she said .
Fine , I thought , I 'll sit in the corner , chill out and eat the food .
Of course , my parents did n't burden me with all the details about the illness immediately but I knew I was different .
When I was 12 , I used to tell each of my family before I went to bed that I loved them - just in case I died in my sleep .
This was before I understood that sufferers rarely die without warning .
My personality has been shaped by the disease , too .
I 've never taken the small things in life seriously and I am not easily offended or jealous .
At school I was puzzled by my friends ' obsessions with trivia .
You 're unhappy with your hair ?
Really ?
Oddly , I 've become more girly in adulthood .
As I moved from school to further education and work , I found grooming and make - up a useful way to cope with the illness .
If I can still be bothered to do my hair and make - up , then I 'm not that ill .
I might feel awful , but I do n't have to look awful as well .
There were a few times when I was too ill to go to school but I still got two A - levels and a degree in psychology at Kingston University , in South - West London .
Students treated me no differently to anyone else , even if my housemates in Kingston could tell when I was in by my coughing .
In my early 20s I worked for the publisher Haymarket , but a severe infection brought on by my illness forced me to quit .
Abandoning my career was the hardest decision I 've made , but there was little choice .
I coughed constantly in the office and was so exhausted one day that I slept under my desk during my lunch break , asking my boss to wake me when he got back .
This might sound odd , but at 23 I retrained as an aerobics teacher .
The effort of keeping fit and to a professional standard actually improved my health .
Scroll down for more ...
High - rise thrills : Kate preparing to bungee jump
I was able to double my lung capacity - a crucial measure of my fitness - from 1.5 litres to three litres .
I liked the physical challenge , but decided to return to Kingston to do a postgraduate diploma in psychology , at the same time working two days a week in the prison service .
Because I was n't earning enough to pay rent , I moved home with my parents in Sunbury - on - Thames , Surrey .
In a funny way , I know I have exceeded my parents ' wildest hopes .
When I was diagnosed , I was not expected to make it into my 20s .
Every day since has been worthwhile and all the better for their support .
They have n't batted an eyelid at the extravagant things I 've done .
They even trusted me to go to Ibiza with girlfriends at 16 .
I just danced the week away .
My parents ' trust has made me strong .
My illness has always made me value relationships and be wary of fickle people .
My early relationships were with boys from my crowd of friends , so I never had to explain that I had cystic fibrosis .
In my mid-20s , however , I was asked out on dates by men who did n't know me so well .
That meant I had to choose the right moment to mention my illness and if it was an issue , I would walk away .
One man reacted in a bizarre way .
He said he felt he'd been cursed , falling for someone who was ill .
So cystic fibrosis has one advantage - it sifts out the nice guys from the idiots .
Can I see myself getting married one day ?
I would love to .
I will try everything once but it 's different with relationships .
I could marry only if it felt absolutely right - an extension of my happiness .
I 'm not ruling out children , either , although it would be a medical decision .
Carrying a child could reduce my lung capacity , maybe permanently .
By having a baby , would I reduce my life expectancy and my ability to care for the child ?
Would it be fair on the child and its father ?
Scroll down for more ...
Water rush : Kate and friends white - water rafting
Cystic fibrosis is with me day and night but the right treatment may hold it at bay .
Techniques have developed rapidly in the past two decades .
Medication is more tailored to the individual ; physiotherapy is more sophisticated and intensive .
In the morning I take two medications through a nebuliser , which produces a fine spray that I inhale .
I then try to cough up any mucus that has built up overnight .
I take pills three times a day , many of them antibiotics , starting at breakfast .
I use three inhalers , two to prevent tightness in the lungs and one to prevent sinusitis .
Additionally , I take Ibuprofen and paracetamol for any pain either side of my spine .
When I get home from work or university I am exhausted and generally flake out .
Then it 's more nebulisers before doing some physiotherapy , having dinner , doing some university work and going to bed .
One of the most sophisticated drugs I use is Pulmozyme .
When inhaled , it breaks down the mucus before percussive physiotherapy - a once or twicedaily beating of the ribcage lasting between 30 minutes and an hour to clear the lungs to dislodge the phlegm .
It can be administered by the patient , a therapist , a trained friend or a parent .
As I say , it is tiring .
In more serious bouts of illness , I take intravenous antibiotics through a permanent tube in my arm .
Scroll down for more ...
Stuck on him :
With boyfriend Dan , who she met while fundraising
Antibiotics are constantly swapped so the bugs in your body can't build up immunities .
I swim and do yoga for an hour as many days a week as my energy levels allow to loosen the mucus on my lungs .
I also use a Power - Plate - a vibrating platform - to strengthen joints .
The right food is essential , too , to keep up my energy .
Protein is important to fight infections .
Guilt and anger are always there .
Guilt because you worry you are a burden and anger when you 're not getting the treatment you need .
My experiences of the NHS have generally been good , but sometimes horrific .
Fortunately , I now attend a good cystic fibrosis clinic at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey for monthly sessions .
Dr Ron Knight , my consultant , is a godsend .
The infection that forced me to abandon my publishing job happened during a summer heatwave .
My lung capacity went down to 30 per cent , considered high risk .
I admitted myself to hospital and had to wait six hours for a bed .
I was utterly exhausted , my energy drained from me .
Then it hit me - this is what people experience when they are very old .
When I go I will feel like this .
And do you know what ?
I did n't give a damn - I would have been content to slip away gently .
But it was not my time .
When I awoke with a drip in my arm , I could feel my strength returning .
It was clear that I was n't going to die .
My fighting spirit was back .
I began to get bored in hospital and when you 're well enough to be annoyed , you 're clearly getting better .
Stroppy people survive .
That day changed my life .
Everyone wonders what it will be like when they die .
I gained a sense of peace and lost my fear of death .
You learn to manage people 's reactions .
It 's like being in the limelight .
This is why I 've been able to speak at charity events to raise money for cystic fibrosis research .
The last one , the Liv charity dinner , was attended by Gordon and Sarah Brown , whose son Fraser has cystic fibrosis .
So there I was explaining my illness in front of the Prime Minister and suddenly I got the giggles .
I could n't stop myself .
I said how surreal it was to give such intimate details to a star - studded audience .
Scroll down for more ...
Looking forward : Kate is planning a huge fundraising party for her 31st birthday
I 've also been raising money with my own website , named after my childhood nickname Kitten .
I had stickers and stamps made up with the website address .
My friends and I would stick them on people in bars to persuade them to donate .
One day I received an email via the website from a guy who said he'd woken up with a sticker on his ear , a stamp on his hand and an evil hangover .
Could I explain what had happened ?
Eventually we met up .
We 've been going out since last summer .
I 've never had to explain my condition to Dan , a rugby coach for Harlequins RL .
He knew from the start because we met through my fundraising .
" I am interested in you - not your illness , " he says .
With smarter treatment , sufferers are living longer .
Some have made it into their 50s , depending on the severity of their condition .
But many die in childhood , so the average life expectancy can only tell us so much .
I 'm having a big fundraising party on my 31st birthday , the day I overtake my life expectancy .
I have no idea how long I will live .
Cystic fibrosis has taught me so much -- including humility .
I know that when I die , it will be peaceful .
In the meantime , I 'm as busy as ever , making the most of my time .
Proceeds from Kate 's website ( www.Ivebeenkittened.com) go to the Cystic Fibrosis Trust ( www.cftrust.org.uk)
No longer a death sentence
Cystic fibrosis affects the lungs and immune and digestive systems , and is one of the most common incurable hereditary life - threatening diseases in the UK , with 8,000 sufferers .
Advances in treatment mean life expectancy has increased from under ten years in the Sixties , to 40 to 50 years for babies born this year , says Dr Jim Littlewood , chairman of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust .
WHAT CAUSES IT ?
A mutation in a gene which produces a protein known as the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator ( CFTR ) , responsible for the salt and water salt and water balance in mucus .
Mucus is fluid secreted by the mucous membranes , including sweat glands , respiratory passages , pancreas , stomach and intestines .
WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS ?
CF causes the body to produce copious thick mucus .
In early stages , if treatment is not started , a persistent ' rattling ' cough and frequent chest infections are common .
Allergic reactions can worsen breathing problems .
The disease also causes the pancreas , responsible for providing digestive juices which help break down food , to produce thickened mucus .
These thick secretions cause irreversible damage to the pancreas , a difficulty in absorbing nutrients in the stomach and ultimately malnutrition .
In older patients damage to the pancreas will lead to diabetes .
Many may experience heartburn and bowel problems .
In some , thickened secretions can also lead to liver failure .
' The combination of these increasingly worsening symptoms is what leads to an early death for many CF sufferers , ' explains Dr Littlewood .
HOW IS IT TREATED ?
Because CF affects many organs , treatment is handled in centres staffed by specialist doctors and nurses .
Medication - inhaled and intravenous drugs - helps clear mucus and fight infection .
Drugs in capsules contain digestive enzymes to aid food absorption .
Physiotherapy helps clear the lungs of mucus .
" The real hope is treatment of the basic genetic defect that causes CF , " says Dr Littlewood .
" Clinical trials for gene therapy - in which a normal copy of the CFTR gene is placed into affected cells - are beginning this year in the UK . "
Union County has backed off a plan to let a Princeton University computer scientist examine voting machines where errors occurred in the presidential primary tallies , after the manufacturer of the machines threatened to sue , officials said today .
A Sequoia executive , Edwin Smith , put Union County Clerk Joanne Rajoppi on notice that an independent analysis would violate the licensing agreement between his firm and the county .
In a terse two - page letter Smith also argued the voting machine software is a Sequoia trade secret and cannot be handed over to any third party .
Last week Rajoppi persuaded the statewide clerk 's association to have an independent study of the machines done by Edward Felten , a professor of computer science and public affairs at Princeton University .
The Constitutional Officers Association of New Jersey called for the independent review to ensure the integrity of the election process .
Sequoia maintains the errors , which were documented in at least five counties , occurred due to mistakes by poll workers .
The firm , which is based in Colorado , examined machines in Middlesex Count , and concluded that poll workers had pushed the wrong buttons on the control panels , resulting in errors in the numbers of ballots cast .
But officials found it odd that such an error never occurred before and the clerk 's association wanted further testing .
On the advice of county 's attorneys , however , Rajoppi said today she must forego all plans for independent analysis .
That upset Penny Venetis , a Rutgers University law professor representing a group of activists trying to have electronic voting machines scrapped .
" We should n't have a corporation dictating how elections are run in the state , " Venetis said .
" If an elected official believes there was an anomaly and the matter has to be investigated , then the official should be able to consult with computer experts without interference . "
The Union County clerk said she intends to write to the state Attorney General 's Office again in hopes of convincing the state to call for an independent study .
The attorney general oversees the election process .
Read the full story in Tuesday 's Star - Ledger .
Hope the Mother ’s Day Weekend was all you wanted .
I miss my parents everyday of the year .
Have you ever come across a product that you hoped would live up to the hype , the technology would be advanced enough to give you the level of satisfaction you seek ?
Recently I thought I found something that would be a tremendous way to promote the new speaking / writing course Painting My Room In A Colorful Way .
It ’s a software that converts text from an article to a video .
There is some work involved and it is n’t as user friendly as it should be but if it had made the grade of at least a B + I could overlook the imperfections .
The short story on the inner workings is you take an article and paste the title and the text into the appropriate boxes .
You can upload a photo if you would like or use one of their stock images .
You have the opportunity to upload audio or use one of their files .
They offer different type of backgrounds and fonts but not font sizes ( that is one of the many facets that needs improving ) .
Once you have pasted the text in the box you are forced to make the words separate paragraphs regardless of how you feel about this .
Each paragraph gives you the opportunity to use 1 of 8 voices ( 4 female and 4 male ) .
An imperfection that came up right away was sometimes only one voice would work .
Other times all eight could be selected but a few sounded overly robotic .
The text must all be in English and the software does n’t understand ” or ‘ so you have to make sure to remove those before getting into the final phases .
Another surprising failure is at times a basic word is not understood .
If you could imagine my surprise when “ Dog ” freaked out the system .
None of the voices understood the word but could read circumvent or superlative .
There were times I had to close out of the software because the voices picked up completely unrelated gibberish .
Instead of reading the text a series of numbers that had nothing to do with the article were being articulated .
The overall start to finish time is about 3 minutes per article but it would be far better to be 10 and have the error rate go down considerably .
My first inclination and using the product only enhanced my view is that it was released too soon .
There are so many issues that could use tweaking .
At the very end of the video the author ’s information is shown in such small font Superman could n’t read it with X - Ray vision .
The eight voices are not recorded at the same level so there is not a consistent tone throughout the presentation .
I have a link to a video I uploaded and the result is n’t bad but it is only because as a former disc - jockey and somebody that has been around audio / video forever I was able to use some tricks of the trade .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geUgs-pDTjM
Thanks for your time and enjoy the day .
Craig Fenton is the creator of Painting My Room In A Colorful Way ( the ultimate speaking and writing course with written , audio , and phone coaching ) .
He is the author of the Jefferson Airplane book Take Me To A Circus Tent and the Jefferson Starship Have You Seen The Stars Tonite .
Craig lectures with a one time member of the Grateful Dead and a legendary American Rock & Roll Photographer .
http://www.learnpublicspeakingskills.com
Though he was initially reluctant to do so , Kelsey Grammer allowed his Cheers character , Dr. Frasier Crane , to be spun off into a separate series in 1993 .
Millions of Frasier fans are glad that he did .
Since I certainly count myself among those fans , I thought I 'd share more about how the series came to be .
1 . Why the first idea did n't work
Early in 1993 , Kelsey Grammer approached David Lee , David Angell , and Peter Casey ( the brains behind the sitcom Wings ) and asked if they'd be interested in creating a show for him .
Grammer knew that Cheers ' days were numbered , and thought it was time to strike out on his own .
Both he and the creative team thought that any use of the Frasier Crane character would encourage unfair comparisons to Cheers , so their initial ideas involved Kelsey playing a paralyzed media mogul cared for by a street - smart nurse in a Manhattan penthouse .
Paramount hated the idea and convinced all concerned that they'd be nuts not to capitalize on the built - in Cheers audience .
2. The Secret Behind the Show's Setting
Once it was agreed that Grammer would continue as Dr. Crane , the creators still wanted to distance themselves from Boston and the whole " crossover syndrome . " 
They knew that the network would insist on having both Wings and former Cheers characters make guest appearances if the show was set anywhere in Massachusetts , so they moved Frasier across the country to Seattle .
The gourmet coffee scene was taking root in that area , which provided a central meeting place for the characters .
The creators did n't want Frasier Crane to work in private practice , which had already been done in The Bob Newhart Show .
Grammer 's resonant voice seemed natural for radio , so the concept of a call - in psychiatry show seemed natural .
WKRP in Cincinnati had been set at a radio station , however , so writers needed to develop some sort of home life for Frasier .
3. The Real Life Inspiration
As it happened , David Lee was an only child and his father had recently suffered a debilitating stroke .
Lee had to move back in with his mom for a while to help care for his dad during his rehabilitation .
That situation gave him an idea .
Why not have Frasier suddenly be forced to care for an aging parent ?
This role was filled by John Mahoney as Frasier 's father Martin , a retired policeman who'd been injured in the line of duty .
Not only would this angle provide the series with plots revolving around him at home , it also allowed the creators to incorporate one of their original ideas from their first series pitch " “ a home health care worker .
4. Daphne Moon or Daphne Luna ?
The production team had Rosie Perez in mind to play Martin 's nurse during their original pitch .
But Warren Littlefield , then the president of NBC , thought that British actress Jane Leeves was perfect for the role .
Kelsey had reservations about Jane ; he thought an English character in such a role might be too reminiscent of Nanny and the Professor .
But after a series of screen tests , it became apparent that Leeves brought the perfect mix of quirkiness , fun and warmth to the character and was hired .
5. How Poor Phoebe Got Fired
The role of Frasier 's producer was the least developed when the pilot script was written .
A casting call was announced and the role was eventually whittled down to two actresses : Lisa Kudrow and Peri Gilpin .
The producers found Kudrow to be extremely funny , and able to make even the most mundane lines sound hilarious , so she was hired .
During the first few days of rehearsals for the pilot episode , however , the writers found themselves having to re-write the characters of Roz and Frasier .
It seemed that while Lisa was funny , she just could n't play " forceful . " 
It soon became apparent that that the role of Roz would have to fall to someone who , although less educated than Dr. Crane , would be in control of things at the radio station .
They needed a character who could hold her own whenever Frasier became too pompous , and that someone was Peri Gilpin .
Lisa was a trouper when the news was delivered , and landing a role on Friends the following year certainly helped to ease her pain .
Support Us
The tragicomic presidency of George W. Bush , in his own words
50 .
“ I promise you I will listen to what has been said here , even though I was n’t here . ” - at the President ’s Economic Forum in Waco , Texas , Aug. 13 , 2002
49 .
“ We spent a lot of time talking about Africa , as we should .
Africa is a nation that suffers from incredible disease . ”
- Gothenburg , Sweden , June 14 , 2001
48 . “ You teach a child to read , and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test . ”
- Townsend , Tenn. , Feb. 21 , 2001
47 . “ I am here to make an announcement that this Thursday , ticket counters and airplanes will fly out of Ronald Reagan Airport . ”
– Washington , D.C. , Oct. 3 , 2001
46 . “ Tribal sovereignty means that ; it ’s sovereign .
I mean , you ’re a — you ’ve been given sovereignty , and you ’re viewed as a sovereign entity .
And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities . ”
– Washington , D.C. , Aug. 6 , 2004 ( Watch video clip )
45 . “ I could n’t imagine somebody like Osama bin Laden understanding the joy of Hanukkah . ” –at a White House menorah lighting ceremony , Washington , D.C. , Dec. 10 , 2001 ( Listen to audio clip )
44 . “ You know , one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror . ” –interview with CBS News ’ Katie Couric , Sept. 6 , 2006
43 .
“ The same folks that are bombing innocent people in Iraq were the ones who attacked us in America on September the 11th . ” – Washington , D.C. , July 12 , 2007
42 . “ I ’m the commander — see , I do n’t need to explain — I do not need to explain why I say things .
That ’s the interesting thing about being president . ” –as quoted in Bob Woodward ’s Bush at War
41 . “ F*ck Saddam .
We ’re taking him out . ” –to three U.S. senators in March 2002 , one year before the Iraq invasion , as quoted by Time magazine
40 . “ Oh , no , we ’re not going to have any casualties . ” –discussing the Iraq war with Christian Coalition founder Pat Robertson in 2003 , as quoted by Robertson
39 .
“ I will not withdraw , even if Laura and Barney are the only ones supporting me . ” –talking to key Republicans about Iraq , as quoted by Bob Woodward
38 . “ I hear there ’s rumors on the Internets that we ’re going to have a draft . ” –presidential debate , St. Louis , Mo. , Oct. 8 , 2004 ( Watch video clip )
37 . “ I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family . ”
– Greater Nashua , N.H. , Chamber of Commerce , Jan. 27 , 2000 ( Listen to audio clip )
36 . “ Do you have blacks , too ? ” –to Brazilian President Fernando Cardoso , Washington , D.C. , Nov. 8 , 2001
35 . “ This foreign policy stuff is a little frustrating . ” –as quoted by the New York Daily News , April 23 , 2002
34 . “ My plan reduces the national debt , and fast .
So fast , in fact , that economists worry that we ’re going to run out of debt to retire . ” –radio address , Feb. 24 , 2001
33 . “ I do n’t think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees . ” –on “ Good Morning America , ” Sept. 1 , 2005 , six days after repeated warnings from experts about the scope of damage expected from Hurricane Katrina
32 . “ I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully . ”
– Saginaw , Mich. , Sept. 29 , 2000
31 . “ I would say the best moment of all was when I caught a 7.5 pound largemouth bass in my lake . ” –on his best moment in office , interview with the German newspaper Bild am Sonntag , May 7 , 2006
30
. ” 30 . They misunderestimated me . ”
– Bentonville , Ark. , Nov. 6 , 2000
29 .
“ Because the — all which is on the table begins to address the big cost drivers .
For example , how benefits are calculate , for example , is on the table ; whether or not benefits rise based upon wage increases or price increases .
There ’s a series of parts of the formula that are being considered .
And when you couple that , those different cost drivers , affecting those — changing those with personal accounts , the idea is to get what has been promised more likely to be — or closer delivered to what has been promised .
Does that make any sense to you ?
It ’s kind of muddled . ” –explaining his plan to save Social Security , Tampa , Fla. , Feb .
4 , 2005
28 . “ For every fatal shooting , there were roughly three non-fatal shootings .
And , folks , this is unacceptable in America .
It ’s just unacceptable .
And we ’re going to do something about it . ”
– Philadelphia , Penn. , May 14 , 2001
27 . “ This is an impressive crowd — the haves and the have mores .
Some people call you the elite — I call you my base . ” –at the 2000 Al Smith dinner
26 . “ Families is where our nation finds hope , where wings take dream . ”
– LaCrosse , Wis. , Oct. 18 , 2000
25 . “ I know what I believe .
I will continue to articulate what I believe and what I believe — I believe what I believe is right . ”
– Rome , Italy , July 22 , 2001
24 . “ See , in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in , to kind of catapult the propaganda . ”
– Greece , N.Y. , May 24 , 2005 ( Listen to audio clip )
23 . “ People say , how can I help on this war against terror ?
How can I fight evil ?
You can do so by mentoring a child ; by going into a shut - in ’s house and say I love you . ”
– Washington , D.C. , Sept. 19 , 2002
22 . “ I wish you ’d have given me this written question ahead of time so I could plan for it …I ’m sure something will pop into my head here in the midst of this press conference , with all the pressure of trying to come up with answer , but it had n’t yet …
I do n’t want to sound like I have made no mistakes .
I ’m confident I have .
I just have n’t — you just put me under the spot here , and maybe I ’m not as quick on my feet as I should be in coming up with one . ” –after being asked to name the biggest mistake he had made , Washington , D.C. , April 3 , 2004
21 . “ You forgot Poland . ” –to Sen .
John Kerry during the first presidential debate , after Kerry failed to mention Poland ’s contributions to the Iraq war coalition , Miami , Fla. , Sept. 30 , 2004
20 . “ We ’ve got a lot of rebuilding to do .
First , we ’re going to save lives and stabilize the situation .
And then we ’re going to help these communities rebuild .
The good news is — and it ’s hard for some to see it now — that out of this chaos is going to come a fantastic Gulf Coast , like it was before .
Out of the rubbles of Trent Lott ’s house — he ’s lost his entire house — there ’s going to be a fantastic house .
And I ’m looking forward to sitting on the porch . ” ( Laughter ) –touring hurricane damage , Mobile , Ala. , Sept. 2 , 2005
19 .
“ The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . ” – State of the Union Address , Jan. 28 , 2003 , making a claim that administration officials knew at the time to be false
18 . “ The most important thing is for us to find Osama bin Laden .
It is our number one priority and we will not rest until we find him . ”
– Washington , D.C. , Sept. 13 , 2001
17 . “ I do n’t know where bin Laden is .
I have no idea and really do n’t care .
It ’s not that important .
It ’s not our priority . ”
– Washington , D.C. , March 13 , 2002
16 . “ Can we win ?
I do n’t think you can win it . ” –after being asked whether the war on terror was winnable , “ Today ” show interview , Aug. 30 , 2004
15 . “ I just want you to know that , when we talk about war , we ’re really talking about peace . ”
– Washington , D.C. June 18 , 2002
14 . “ I trust God speaks through me .
Without that , I could n’t do my job . ” –to a group of Amish he met with privately , July 9 , 2004
13 . “ Major combat operations in Iraq have ended .
In the battle of Iraq , the United States and our allies have prevailed . ” –speaking underneath a “ Mission Accomplished ” banner aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln , May 1 , 2003
12 . “ We found the weapons of mass destruction .
We found biological laboratories …
And we ’ll find more weapons as time goes on .
But for those who say we have n’t found the banned manufacturing devices or banned weapons , they ’re wrong , we found them . ”
– Washington , D.C. , May 30 , 2003
11 . “ Those weapons of mass destruction have got to be somewhere ! ” –joking about his administration ’s failure to find WMDs in Iraq as he narrated a comic slideshow during the Radio & TV Correspondents ’
Association dinner , Washington , D.C. , March 24 , 2004 ( Read more )
10 . “ Rarely is the questioned asked : Is our children learning ? ” – Florence , South Carolina , Jan. 11 , 2000
9 . “ As yesterday ’s positive report card shows , childrens do learn when standards are high and results are measured . ” –on the No Child Left Behind Act , Washington , D.C. , Sept. 26 , 2007 ( Watch video clip )
8 . “ If this were a dictatorship , it ’d be a heck of a lot easier , just so long as I ’m the dictator . ”
– Washington , D.C. , Dec. 19 , 2000 ( Listen to audio clip )
7 . “ I ’m the decider , and I decide what is best .
And what ’s best is for Don Rumsfeld to remain as the Secretary of Defense . ”
– Washington , D.C. April 18 , 2006 ( Read more ; listen to audio clip ; watch video clip )
6 . “ There ’s an old saying in Tennessee — I know it ’s in Texas , probably in Tennessee — that says , fool me once , shame on – shame on you .
Fool me — you ca n’t get fooled again . ”
– Nashville , Tenn. , Sept. 17 , 2002 ( Watch video clip )
5 . “ Too many good docs are getting out of the business .
Too many OB - GYNs are n’t able to practice their love with women all across this country . ”
– Poplar Bluff , Mo. , Sept. 6 , 2004 ( Watch video clip )
4 . “ Our enemies are innovative and resourceful , and so are we .
They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people , and neither do we . ”
– Washington , D.C. , Aug. 5 , 2004 ( Watch video clip )
3 . “ You work three jobs ? … Uniquely American , is n’t it ?
I mean , that is fantastic that you ’re doing that . ” –to a divorced mother of three , Omaha , Nebraska , Feb. 4 , 2005 ( Listen to audio clip )
2. “ Brownie , you ’re doing a heck of a job . ” –to FEMA director Michael Brown , who resigned 10 days later amid criticism over his handling of the Hurricane Katrina debacle , Mobile , Ala. , Sept. 2 , 2005 ( Listen to audio clip ; watch video clip )
1 . “ My answer is bring them on . ” –on Iraqi insurgents attacking U.S. forces , Washington , D.C. , July 3 , 2003
~ Compiled by Daniel Kurtzman
( CNN ) --
A female student shot two other women and herself Friday inside a classroom on the Baton Rouge campus of Louisiana Technical College , authorities said .
Emergency personnel gather at Louisiana Technical College in Baton Rouge , where three people died Friday .
Baton Rouge police Sgt. Don Kelly said officers responding to a 911 call at 8:36 a.m. found all three dead in a second - floor classroom .
" There was mass pandemonium , people running , " Kelly told The Associated Press .
" One officer -- the first into the classroom -- told me he could still smell gunpowder . "
The names of the dead were not released .
The women 's ages were 21 , 23 and 26 , according to the school 's Web site .
About 20 people were in the classroom at the time of the shootings , Kelly said .
He would not give the room number or say what kind of class it was .
Watch Kelly describe the sequence of events »
No shots were fired anywhere else , Kelly said .
" It 's all self - contained in one classroom , " Kelly said .
The shooter was not believed to have left the room at any point , he said , and " no other students outside the classroom were in any danger . "
Police interviewed the other students who were in the classroom to find out why the shootings occurred , Kelly said .
Students in other classes were kept in their rooms for about two hours and were released after brief questioning by police , student Louis Davis told the AP .
The school 's Web site said classes were canceled for the day , and an announcement would be made about when they would resume next week .
" Counselors are currently on - site providing support for students , faculty , staff , and family members , " the Web site said .
" Our prayers are with the families of these victims . "
The school offers courses in aircraft maintenance , cosmetology , industrial mechanics , nurse assisting , plumbing and other vocations .
It has nine regional campuses across the state .
E-mail to a friend
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About School Shootings
Jan. 15 , 2008  --
In Riyadh today , the president participated in a traditional sword dance with one of the princes of the royal family .
It was a public — and a little awkward — display of affection , all part of Bush 's first visit to Saudi Arabia aimed at repairing strained relations between the world 's biggest oil producer and the world 's biggest oil consumer .
The president sat down with " Nightline " co-anchor Terry Moran at one of the vast royal palaces , and it became clear who holds the cards right now in the oil markets , with the price up near $ 100 a barrel .
The president , who once said he'd " jawbone " Saudi leaders into lowering prices , told Moran what he intended to say to King Abdullah on the topic in their meeting .
" I will say to him that , ' If it 's possible , your majesty , consider what high prices is doing to one of your largest customers , ' " Bush said .
" In other words , the worst thing that can happen to an oil - producing nation is that the price of oil causes the economy to slow down , because that will inevitably lead to fewer purchases [ of oil ] . "
Watch Terry Moran 's full interview with President Bush tonight on " Nightline " at 11:35 ET
Bush said he 's worried about an economic slowdown in the United States and around the world because of those high oil prices .
" These are smart people .
They know that the price of oil can affect our economy , and they know that if our economy weakens and there 's less purchasing power that it will affect their ability to sell barrels of oil . "
Today , however , Saudi Oil Minister Ali Naimi said that Saudi Arabia would allow market forces to dictate oil production and prices .
" We will raise production when the market justifies it , " he said .
" This is our policy . "
When Bush took office , the United States imported just about 53 percent of its oil .
Today , that number stands at 60 percent .
" That 's why I 've got these alternative energy projects going on that I think will make a difference , " the president said .
" They do n't make a difference in the short term because we 're talking about actually beginning to encourage people to change habits , such as using ethanol .
And we 're also not exploring for oil and gas in our own country like we should be . "
' Something to Prove for Peace '
The president acknowledged that he had something to prove on this trip .
" I do , but it 's not so much to prove for my sake .
It 's really to prove for peace , " he said .
" And I believe the time is right to push for a Palestinian state .
The time is right because there 's an Israeli leader who understands that and a Palestinian leader who understands that . "
The president said he believes it is the right time to renew the Israeli - Palestinian peace process because " the environment has changed , " both with the leaders involved and the support of the Arab world .
" It 's going to be tough , " the president said , but he believes that by the end of his term in office there will be a deal for a Palestinian state .
When asked whether that deal would address " core issues , " for the first time the president said , " I do believe so . "
" I have talked to these leaders face to face , " he said .
" I have asked them point blank , ' Do you understand how difficult these issues are ? '
Yes .
' Are you prepared to make the painful political compromises ? '
They say they are . "
Despite that optimism , the president also said that he feels misunderstood in the Middle East .
" My image [ is ] ' Bush wants to fight Muslims . '
And , yes , I 'm concerned about it .
Not because of me , personally .
I 'm concerned because I want most people to understand the great generosity and compassion of Americans , " he said .
" I 'm sure people view me as a warmonger and I view myself as peacemaker , " the president said .
" They view me as so pro-Israeli I can't be open - minded about Palestinian peace , and yet I 'm the only president ever to have articulated a two - state solution .
And you just have to fight through stereotypes by actions . "
The president said he hopes to change that image by opening a dialogue and letting " the results speak for themselves . "
" I mean , when this democracy in Iraq solidifies and emerges and is whole , people will understand what I meant about the democracy agenda .
People will know that my view is not American democracy , but it 's freedom based upon certain principles that honors the traditions and culture of the host country . "
Changing Perceptions
Bush said despite Saudi Arabia 's connection to some of the Sept. 11 hijackers and terrorism ideology in general , he views the Saudis as " our friends . "
He spoke of meeting with Saudi entrepreneurs and business leaders during his trip who worry that Americans view them as enemies , not friends .
" There 's a lot of really good people here , " Bush said .
" Look , you can't deny the fact that some , a majority , of the terrorists came from Saudi , but you should not condemn an entire society based upon the actions of a handful of killers . "
The president stressed the importance of fostering business connections and cultural and education exchanges between the two countries .
" If Americans are concerned about U.S. perceptions in the Middle East , the best way to defeat that perception is through opening up our colleges and universities , " he said .
" And I believe we can make sure that , as best as we can , terrorists do n't come to our country , and at the same time , be more open . "
The president said he was surprised by the " deep concern that people wo n't welcome Middle - Eastern investments into the United States . …
And I found that in most of my stops , not the Israeli - Palestinian stops , of course , but in the Gulf , I found that to be the case .
And it 's disturbing to me . "
As for his own perception at home , President Bush faces the worst approval ratings as he enters the final year in office , with only 32 percent of Americans saying they are happy with the way he is handling the job , according to a new ABC News / Washington Post poll .
" I really do n't pay attention to your polls , " the president said .
" I have n't analyzed your polls , and you do n't want a president making decisions based upon polls .
We had a good end of the year when it came to working with Congress on the budget and keeping taxes low .
And I 'll have a strong agenda coming out of the State of the Union address .
I intend to work with Congress to get it passed .
And really what matters is the results , rather than paying attention to your polls . "
The Freedom Agenda
The president says he still believes that freedom and democracy are possible in the region , and will ultimately be the way to bring an end to terrorism against the United States .
" Look , I know I 've been accused of being a hopeless idealist .
On the other hand , I do n't see any alternative , if you believe it's an ideological struggle . "
" The way to protect America in the short term is to use our intelligence services to find [ terrorists ] and bring them to justice .
In the long term is to offer a better alternative than the status quo , or societies that do n't give people their rightful place , or societies that do n't listen to the demands of people . "
" And so the freedom agenda is absolutely essential .
And the freedom agenda does n't develop in one man 's term of office .
It takes a while .
My job is to plant the seeds .
[ The ] truth of the matter is that freedom is advancing quite amazingly in the Middle East . "
" The other thing is , if I could be perfectly blunt about it , I think people who say we can be free , but you should n't be , are elitist , " the president added .
The president said that " elections themselves represent freedom , " even when they put in power leaders who are against the interest of the United States .
At the same time , the president defended his support of undemocratic regimes in countries such as Saudi Arabia .
" The American president does n't come and lecture somebody .
The American president develops a relationship where he can work with somebody .
And as I told you , his majesty is , he is modernizing his society .
Is it going to meet somebody 's standards sitting in Washington , D.C. ?
Probably not overnight .
Can it eventually ?
Yes .…
And for us to say that you can't have a democracy if you 've got a king is just not right . "
Primary Season ' Full of Surprises '
As for who will be the next president , Bush said , " It 's early . "
Bush had previously said he thought New York Sen.
Hillary Clinton would be the Democratic nominee , but he told Moran that he 's " through opining on it . "
" The only thing I want to share with you is , on the Republican side and on the Democrat side , what looked like a done deal was n't , and that the process is going to be longer than a lot of people assumed . …
But I do know that this primary season is full of surprises , just like other primary seasons . "
When asked to share his thoughts on the possibility of Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , becoming the first black president , Bush said , " I will campaign against him if he 's the nominee , of course . …
But it wo n't be in a personal way .
I mean , you could have asked the same question on Hillary Clinton — first woman president . "
During his trip , the president visited the Mount of the Beatitudes where , by tradition , Jesus is understood to have said the words , " Blessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called the children of God . "
When asked to respond to the fact that many Americans do not view him as a peacemaker , the president replied , " We 'll see what history says .
I happen to believe that the actions I 've taken were necessary to protect ourselves and lay the foundation for peace .
That 's what I believe .
But history —
I 've often said this —
I do n't think the history of my administration is going to be written during your time as a newscaster , or my time on Earth .
I believe that it 's going to take a while for people to determine whether or not the foundation of peace has truly been laid . "
Recently , I made good use of Michael Parker 's CLAWK , a Lisp - embedded variant of AWK .
So far , I had used the real AWK , along with perl and other parts of the Unix toolbox to analyze data from experiments , and munge it into HTML and LaTeX tables .
However , this time I expected the experiments to be carried out in a run–tweak–rerun fashion with several iterations , and I did not want to reparse several hundred megabytes each time , just for a change in table layout , or for adding another analysis .
( Also , I had not much time for lispy things recently , so this was a good way to sneak some Lisp back into my current C++ hell ... )
Enter CLAWK .
The following function parses my benchmark data into Lisp objects :
( defvar * foo - table * ( make - hash - table : test ' equal ) ) ( defawk parse - foo - benchmark ( &aux model ) ( #/ ^memtime / ( when model ( emit - model model * foo - table * ) ) ( let ( ( path ( parse - namestring $ 6 ) ) ) ( setf model ( make - instance ' foo - model - record : filename path ) ) ) ) ( #/ ^Instantiator : Explored / ( setf ( get - states model ) $ # 3 ( get - transitions model ) $ # 6 ( get - bfs - levels model ) $ # 9 ( completed ?
model ) t ) ) ( ( string= $ 6 " elapsed " ) ( setf ( get - generation - time model ) $ # 5 ) ) ( ( string= $ 13 " RSS " ) ( setf ( get - generation - memory model ) ( parse - integer $ 15 : junk - allowed t ) ) ) ( END ( when model ( emit - model model * foo - table * ) ) * foo - table * ) )
Parsing the bulk of my data with the above function takes about 80 seconds , probably slower than it would be with AWK .
However , once parsed I have all the data available at my fingertips inside the Lisp image .
I can prod it with the SLIME inspector , identify outliers , and play around with it in the REPL until I am satisfied .
In addition , I can selectively rerun parts of the experiments , and parse just the newly produced output to update the in - memory representation , again in no time flat .
Beats the Unix everything is a byte stream way every day of the week .
Rendering the results as HTML is a breeze with CL - WHO .
The same holds for reordering columns , marking interesting entries programmatically , cross-referencing with other entries ( or earlier versions of the data ) and refining the analyses as much as I wish , with instant feedback .
Unfortunately , CLAWK has acquired some bitrot since its release in 2002 ( ? ) .
I needed to tweak it slightly to make it compile ( only tested with SBCL ) .
When I tried to contact Michael Parker , his email bounced , so I decided to put up a patched version locally until the changes are folded back into his distribution .
In addition , CLAWK is now ASDF - installable ( along with its dependency , REGEX ) , courtesy of Redshank 's ASDF Defsystem skeleton .
If time permits , I will fix up the code some more to get rid of the warnings , and perhaps allow CL - PPCRE as alternative regular expression engine .
However , patches from the open - source fairies are very welcome , too .
Update : A demo of the finished application is now available .
See this post for more information .
This post is the first in a series outlining the process I am taking to get a basic stateful web application working with the Haskell web framework HAppS .
There is very little documentation available for versions of HAppS after 0.8.8 .
While this is not documentation , it should aid in getting an idea of how HAppS manages state .
The code in these posts should work with HAppS 0.9.2 .
For this application , we 'll focus on the basic capabilities needed for user creation , authentication , and session management .
The first thing we need is a form for logging in or creating a new user , and two URLs to handle the submission of these forms .
Well use / login for the form , and we 'll have the login form POST to the same place .
The registration form will POST to / newuser .
All other pages will return an error .
Here is the basic HAppS code to do that :
impl = [ dir " login " [ methodSP GET $ ( fileServe [ " login.html " ] " . " ) , methodSP POST $ withDataFn fromLoginRequest processLogin ] , dir " newuser " [ methodSP POST $ withData processNewUser ] , anyRequest $ ok $ toResponse " Sorry , could n't find a matching handler " ] main = do simpleHTTP nullConf impl
simpleHTTP is passed a configuration parameter and a list of ServerPartT that specify the behavior for URLs .
The first dir says that a GET to the / login URL will display the login.html file that we have stored in the current directory .
It also specifies that a POST to the same URL will result in a call to processLogin .
The second dir says that a POST to / newuser will be handled by the processNewUser function .
withDataFn is a HAppS function that takes two functions as parameters .
In this example , fromLoginRequest reads from the request data in the reader monad and produces a data structure that is then passed to processLogin .
processLogin then uses this data to generate a ServerPartT that produces a response .
withData is similar to withDataFn , but it does n't require the first function to read the request .
It requires that processNewUser accept one parameter of type FromData .
FromData is just a type class that defines a fromData function that builds the appropriate data type from the Reader monad .
The astute reader might notice that after the appropriate definition of the FromData type class , withData can simply be defined as :
withData = withDataFn fromData
Here is the code for the functions used by withData and withDataFn :
Barack Obama ’s speech on race just ended and , boy , can he speak !
That was the best political speech I ’ve heard at least since a certain keynote address in 2004 at the Democratic National Convention .
And maybe this was better , because it was substantive and peeled away layers to confront sensitive matters that normally go unexamined .
One concern is that this was a long and complex speech but that few will hear the whole thing , and that bits will be plucked out of context on talk radio and cable TV .
On the whole , I think the speech as a whole would reassure nervous white voters , but it may be that specific lines will be taken out and played endlessly on talk radio and exacerbate the public nervousness or discomfort with a black candidate .
A friend of mine says that the first Catholic president ( Kennedy ) was n’t very Catholic , and that the first women and black presidents wo n’t be very female or black , either .
So I have a nagging concern that parts of this speech could be played over radio , out of context , to make Obama seem “ blacker ” and leave some whites less comfortable with him .
I thought that Obama ’s basic pitch was right :
Whites need to acknowledge the legitimacy of blacks ’ complaints about the legacy of Jim Crow , and blacks ca n’t let anger be an excuse to fail to read to their kids .
In general , Obama ’s emphasis on education as a remedy feels just right :
The biggest way we fail black kids today is with poor inner-city schools , and that ’s the best ladder we can offer to overcome social and racial inequity .
If you have n’t seen or heard the speech , do so .
It was a masterpiece to go down in history along with Bryan ’s “ Cross of Gold ” and Kennedy ’s about his Catholicism .
This week on The 443 – Security Simplified , we sit down for a chat on disinformation with Nina Jankowicz , author of How to Lose the Information War .
From the US to Estonia , we ’ll discuss how nation states are weaponizing social discussion against their adversaries to sow … Read More
Welcome to the parallel universe of MTV's CHILL OUT ZONE !
This is a tribute to the most insanely uncompromising and stimulating music program to have ever graced the airwaves of Music Television worldwide .
A long - standing bastion of contagious creativity , delightful unpredictability and unconventional individualism in an otherwise increasingly bland and risk - averse industry .
CHILL OUT ZONE was a weekly TV show focusing on the finest electronic / alternative music around , showcasing a healthy dose of unusual , challenging yet highly enjoyable tunes .
It could be weird and fun , relaxing and danceable , electronic , electric , acoustic , instrumental , cool or just horribly wonderful .
It first appeared on MTV Europe in 1993 , connecting a generation of insomniac music enthusiasts across the continent for many years to follow .
CHILL OUT ZONE provided the perfect soundtrack for all those just in from a heavy night out .
Every weekend in the early morning hours , MTV would take its viewers on an exciting journey through the realms of audio / visual experimentation .
Top - notch ambient house , trip hop , drum & bass , downtempo , psychedelic trance , laid - back techno , avantgarde , shoegaze , dub , minimal , acid jazz , lounge , post - modern indie and leftfield electronic tracks were accompanied by the best in both classic and cutting - edge animation .
Music selections were consistently adventurous , deliberately uncompromising and unquestionably extravagant - viewers could expect music videos from stoned Scottish , wasted Welsh , pretentious Poles , deranged Dutch and intoxicated Italian producers , among other oddities .
Far too tasteful , refreshing and unusual to survive on linear TV in these uninspiring , dull times , the CHILL OUT ZONE and its legacy will live on forever in cyberspace .
Windows has a very helpful feature of drag and drop for copy - pasting files .
To perform this operation you have to open two explorer windows and keep it open side by side on your desktop .
The first explorer window is the one where the file you want to copy is located and the second window is the one where you want to paste the copied file .
Then click on the file you want to copy and without releasing the mouse button , drag the file into the other .
Most people use this and is the quickest way to copy paste files .
However , there are several difficulties in using this feature : you have to open two windows at the same time and you ca n’t maximise either of them .
To circumvent this obvious disadvantage a new interaction technique was developed called Fold n’ Drop .
Fold n’
Drop uses an extremely intelligent technique for seamlessly dragging and dropping between overlapping windows .
It allows you to fold windows while dragging objects and then drop them into windows behind them .
Fold n’
Drop uses mouse gestures to fold windows and drop objects .
You can try a demo on how Fold n’ Drop works .
Download this java ( . jar 65 kb ) file and run it .
Then use these mouse gestures to interact with the folders and files in the demo .
To fold a window , quickly cross its boundary back - and - forth while dragging
Leafing through windows .
Discarding windows .
Unfolding windows .
Cool , is n’t it ?
There are also a few videos of this process available on their website .
Ok .
So how do we use it in Windows ?
There is tool called OriMado that has implemented Fold n’
Drop to enable you to carry out drag - n - drop function without having to rearrange open windows .
OriMado implementing the Fold n’ Drop feature
There is a nice demonstration on how to use this tool on the homepage .
I ’m sure you will love this .
Fold n’ Drop homepage
OriMado homepage
A Japanese aquarium has an electric eel powering a Christmas tree .
The tank the eel is in has two electric panels that act as electrodes , picking up the eel 's discharge .
The eel itself has the capability of producing a shock of up to 500 volts and 1 ampere of current ( 500 watts ) , although the guy in the video says 800 .
Inventor Kazuhiko Minawa , who is responsible for the electricity harvesting system , stated " If we could gather all electric eels from all around the world , we would be able to light up an unimaginably giant Christmas tree . "
Wow Kazuhiko , wow .
So apparently one drawback to electric eel power generation is that it 's only good for lighting Christmas trees .
F*** harvesting that electricity for practical uses , let 's go for world 's largest fish powered Christmas tree .
I smell a Guinness World Record .
No wait , that 's Guinness beer .
Ah , breakfast .
Japan eel wishes you an electric Christmas [ reuters ]
thanks to Lauren , who is both intelligent and drop - dead gorgeous , for the tip
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- --
Discount air carrier Southwest Airlines flew thousands of passengers on aircraft that federal inspectors said were " unsafe " as recently as last March , according to detailed congressional documents obtained by CNN .
Congressional documents show Southwest flew thousands of passengers on aircraft deemed " unsafe " by inspectors .
Documents submitted by Federal Aviation Administration inspectors to congressional investigators allege the airline flew at least 117 of its planes in violation of mandatory safety checks .
In some cases , the documents say , the planes flew for 30 months after government inspection deadlines had passed and should have been grounded until the inspections could be completed .
The planes were " not airworthy , " according to congressional air safety investigators .
On Thursday , the FAA initiated actions to seek a $ 10.2 million civil penalty against Southwest for allegedly operating 46 airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking .
" The FAA is taking action against Southwest Airlines for a failing to follow rules that are designed to protect passengers and crew , " Nicholas A. Sabatini , the FAA 's associate administrator for aviation safety , said in a written statement .
Calling it " one of the worst safety violations " he has ever seen , Rep. James Oberstar , D - Minnesota , is expected to call a hearing as soon as possible to ask why the airline put its passengers in danger .
But Southwest Airlines -- which carried more passengers in the United States than any other airline last year -- said there was never a flight safety issue .
" The FAA penalty is related to one of many routine and redundant inspections on our aircraft fleet involving an extremely small area in one of the many overlapping inspections .
These inspections were designed to detect early signs of skin cracking , " the airline said in a statement Thursday evening .
" Southwest Airlines discovered the missed inspection area , disclosed it to the FAA , and promptly reinspected all potentially affected aircraft in March 2007 .
The FAA approved our actions and considered the matter closed as of April 2007 . "
The airline said it understood the FAA 's concerns and was anxious to work with the agency .
The documents obtained by CNN allege that some management officials at the FAA , the agency responsible for commercial air safety , knew the planes were flying " unsafely " and did nothing about it .
CNN's Drew Griffin uncovers ' troubling information ' »
" The result of inspection failures , and enforcement failure , has meant that aircraft have flown unsafe , unairworthy , and at risk of lives , " Oberstar told CNN .
He said both FAA managers and the airline may also have broken the law as well as threatened the safety of Southwest passengers .
The documents were prepared by two FAA safety inspectors who have requested whistle - blower status from the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which is headed by Oberstar .
The two inspectors have been subpoenaed to testify before the committee .
The nation 's " Whistle - Blower Protection Program " protects federal employees from being fired or retaliated against by their employer .
The inspectors say FAA managers knew about the lapse in safety at Southwest , but decided to allow the airline to conduct the safety checks on a slower schedule because taking " aircraft out of service would have disrupted Southwest Airlines ' flight schedule . "
According to statements made by one of the FAA inspectors seeking whistle - blower status , a manager at the FAA " permitted the operation of these unsafe aircraft in a matter that would provide relief " to the airline , even though customers were on board .
Laura Brown , an FAA spokeswoman , told CNN that the administration has taken action and that a supervisor who was in charge of overseeing Southwest is " no longer in a supervisory position . "
The FAA 's announcement that it would seek civil penalties against Southwest came after news of the congressional reports became public .
Watch passengers react to the violations »
The safety inspections ignored or delayed by the airline were mandated after two fatal crashes and one fatal incident , all involving Boeing 's 737 , the only type of airplane Southwest flies .
In 1994 , a US Air Boeing 737 crashed in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , killing 132 people .
Three years earlier , a United Airlines Boeing 737 crashed in Colorado Springs , Colorado , killing 25 people .
Investigators blamed both crashes on problems in the planes ' rudder control system , leading the FAA to demand regular checks of the 737's rudder system .
Documents provided to CNN show 70 Southwest jets were allowed to fly past the deadline for the mandatory rudder inspections .
The documents also show 47 more Southwest jets kept flying after missing deadlines for inspections for cracks in the planes ' fuselage , or " skin . "
The long - term , mandatory checks for fuselage cracks were required after the cabin of an Aloha Airlines 737 tore apart in mid-air in 1988 , killing a flight attendant .
That incident , which opened much of the top of the plane during flight , was attributed to cracks in the plane 's fuselage that grew wider as the plane underwent pressure changes during flight .
An FAA inspector at a Southwest Airlines maintenance facility spotted a fuselage crack on one of the airline 's 737s last year , according to the congressional documents .
He notified the airline and then began looking through safety records , discovering dozens of planes that had missed mandatory inspection deadlines .
According to the inspector 's statement in congressional documents : " Southwest Airlines at the time of discovery did not take immediate , corrective action as required to address this unsafe condition and continued to fly the affected aircraft with paying passengers . "
In a news release Thursday afternoon , the FAA said Southwest operated 46 Boeing 737s on nearly 60,000 flights between June 2006 and March 2007 while failing to comply with an FAA directive that requires repeated checks of fuselage areas to detect fatigue cracking .
The FAA alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights .
The airline later found that six of the 46 planes had fatigue cracks , the FAA said .
" We expect the airline industry to fully comply with all FAA directives and take corrective action , " the FAA 's Sabatini said in the statement .
Southwest has 30 days to respond to the agency .
The documents show Southwest voluntarily disclosed some of the missed inspections last spring .
Earlier , Southwest told The Wall Street Journal it did not expect any civil penalties to be imposed because of the self - disclosure .
But , even after the airline 's disclosure , FAA inspectors assert that planes continued to fly , in some cases for more than a week , before inspections were complete .
The airline " did not take immediate , corrective action , " according to the congressional documents obtained by CNN .
" That is wrong , " said Oberstar .
" When an aircraft is flying out of compliance with airworthiness directives , it is to be shut down and brought in for maintenance inspection .
That 's the law . "
Southwest Airlines has never had a catastrophic crash .
Federal investigators determined a 2005 incident at Midway airport in Chicago that killed one person on the ground was the result of pilot error , as was a 2000 incident at Burbank airport in California that seriously injured two passengers .
E-mail to a friend
All About Southwest Airlines Inc. • Federal Aviation Administration
After knocking on doors at a half - dozen houses , Mardi Harrison , a campaign volunteer for Barack Obama , finally found someone to listen to her pitch .
Anyone who wants to vote for Obama in Pennsylvania ’s primary must be registered as a Democrat , she explained to the woman who answered the doorbell .
Did the independent voter at this address want to sign up ?
The woman laughed and made it obvious that no one there had any use for Obama .
“ Yeah , you have the wrong house ! ” she said .
And she shut the door .
Obama trails Hillary Rodham Clinton by a large margin in Pennsylvania , site of the next Democratic presidential contest .
The state has a large number of the older and blue - collar voters who tend to back Clinton .
Even this month ’s most favorable poll for Obama shows her leading by 11 percentage points .
One poll has her ahead by 26 .
Advertisement
For Obama to win the April 22 election , or even to keep the race close , he needs to pull off an extraordinary feat : identifying sympathetic independent and Republican voters , and persuading them to register as Democrats .
The registration deadline is Monday .
With time running out , the Obama campaign is engaged in a house - by - house appeal .
While Harrison and other volunteers often get a cool reception , there are some signs of progress .
Statewide , the number of Pennsylvanians switching affiliation to the Democratic Party has boomed , with 57,651 signing up this year through March 14 .
There is no way of knowing whether these voters are jumping to the Democratic Party to vote for Obama , but his campaign hopes that is the case .
If turnout for the primary is 50 % , as some analysts expect , these new converts would account for about 3 % of the total vote -- and presumably a larger share of Obama ’s tally .
Advertisement
And the trend has accelerated .
More than 22,000 registered as Democrats during the week of March 10 , compared with 7,223 in the entire month of January .
“ I ’ve never seen numbers like this in one week , ” said Leslie Amoros , a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of State .
For Clinton , Pennsylvania is a must - win .
With 158 delegates , the state is the largest of the 10 that have not yet voted .
After nearly three months of primaries and caucuses , Clinton trails Obama by about 120 delegates .
An impressive victory in Pennsylvania would narrow that deficit while buttressing Clinton ’s claim that Obama is a flawed candidate who cannot close the deal with Democratic voters .
It would also help make her case that she is better positioned to win the important swing states in November .
Advertisement
Those arguments might resonate with the superdelegates -- the party officials and insiders whose votes ultimately are expected to decide the nomination .
If she loses Pennsylvania , ” said Joe Trippi , an advisor to former Democratic candidate John Edwards , “ I do n’t think there are many people left who carry water for her who ’ll think she has much of a shot . ”
About 200 Clinton campaign aides who arrived earlier this month have been deployed throughout Pennsylvania .
A handwritten sign on a wall at Clinton ’s Philadelphia office reads : “ Phone All Day , All the Time . ”
( Neither campaign will reveal the full number of staff members in the state . )
Advertisement
Last week , Clinton volunteers called voters from campaign - issued cellphones , as land lines had yet to be hooked up .
Amid some scattered successes , there was one volunteer stopped to tell others about the voter who said , “ I am pro-life and I wish you would tell Hillary :
If you kill babies you do n’t have a country . ”
One of the New York senator ’s most potent assets is her husband .
As president in the 1990s , Bill Clinton spent considerable time in Philadelphia and made durable allies .
The mayor at the time , Edward G. Rendell , had a strong rapport with him .
And Rendell is now well positioned to help the campaign as a second - term governor .
But as he visits the city , the former president is finding a changed political landscape .
Black leaders once loyal to the Clinton family are defecting to Obama .
Census figures show Philadelphia to be 46 % African American .
When Bill Clinton spoke to the city ’s Democratic ward leaders March 7 , the reception was chillier than he was used to .
State Sen. Anthony H. Williams told the former president in the closed - door session that he was concerned about racially tinged comments Clinton made in South Carolina .
During that contest , the former president likened Obama to a failed black presidential candidate from another era , Jesse Jackson .
Williams told Clinton that he did not want politicians to send children a message that “ caps their dreams . ”
Advertisement
The former president became visibly annoyed and said that the media had misconstrued what he had said , according to Williams and others who were there .
The Obama campaign is following a blueprint that looks similar to one employed by Rendell in his 2002 faceoff with Bob Casey in the Democratic primary for governor .
Rendell won by running up huge margins in Philadelphia and suburban counties in the same media market .
Some Pennsylvania political experts are skeptical that the same plan will work for Obama .
A more realistic goal , they said , would be a loss of 5 or 6 percentage points , keeping Clinton from running off with a large cache of delegates .
“ I do n’t think that Obama can roll up the same types of numbers that Ed did in the city and especially the suburbs , ” said Larry Ceisler , a Democratic political consultant .
“ Ed had been a fixture in this media market for 16 years .
Obama is not going to come up with those types of numbers in the Philadelphia suburbs . ”
Advertisement
The Illinois senator hopes to beat such expectations by expanding the pool of Democratic voters .
One night recently , some Obama volunteers in Doylestown set about making calls to find people willing to sign Democratic registration forms .
A script provided by the campaign said that if voters were undecided , the callers should note that “ Sen. Clinton has said there ’s a choice in this race .
And she ’s right .
It ’s a choice between a politics that offers more of the same divisions , or a new politics of common purpose . ”
The work is often futile .
Volunteer Naomi Plakins , 59 , a medical malpractice lawyer , said one woman on the phone barked : “ This is GOP country . ” Slam .
But every once in a while there was a small success .
After finishing one call , Plakins threw up her arms and squealed : “ Yes !
He wants the form ! ”
Advertisement
--
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
When will we come to realize that the " heads " of terrorist entities and our elitist leaders are in bed together ?
An elitist cabal composed of people so rich we the people cannot even comprehend it , have been busily creating terrorists for years .
And why is that ?
I submit that this collusion on the part of elitist world rulers is for one purpose , and that is to help bring chaos to the world in order to birth the New World Order .
There is a scientific theory that espouses , " out of chaos comes order . "
In certain experiments , “ When you introduce disorder … the chaos that was present before disappears and there is order , ” said Sebastian F. Brandt , a physics graduate student at Washington University in St. Louis . ( LINK ) .
But first you must have chaos .
So , for order to be restored in the fashion the elitists have planned , we the people must be thrown into chaos as an attempt to start over and create the desired order .
According to the article linked above , this is represented by several pendulums , which are thrown out of sync :
The scientists found that the pendulums , when pushed by forces according to a regular rhythm , behaved chaotically and swung out of sync .
Yet , when the researchers introduced disorder — applying forces at random intervals to each oscillator — they began to swing in synch .
The “ forces ” were applied along the rods of the “ pendulums ” to make them swing .
Can you see where this is going ?
The pendulums are swinging in sync .
When certain forces are applied to the pendulums in order , they become out of sync , or chaotic .
Certain forces are then applied in a disorderly fashion , to the chaotically swinging pendulums , and they start swinging in sync .
The “ out of chaos comes order ” theory seems to be proven in the case of pendulums .
What our leaders do not understand or care to understand is that people are not pendulums .
If a person , or group of people are so intent on creating their own New World Order , and are so corrupt that they do not care in the least how many people get killed or maimed in the chaos phase of the experiment , you have what we are beginning to experience now as Americans , and earlier as third world countries .
Out of chaos comes the New World Order .
Makes you kind of sick to your stomach , does n't it ?
Orderly forces are applied to create disorder or chaos , then a disordered sequence of pressures are applied to create the new order .
This set of events is only logical if one realizes that the final order , or end result that is desired , is according to elitist designs that do not include the nicest of circumstances for you and me , but the best of circumstances for them .
A key inflation measure continued to rise in January , led by an increase in food prices .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Consumer prices rose in January , fanning concerns that high inflation may keep the Federal Reserve from maintaining its aggressive interest rate - cutting campaign .
The Consumer Price Index , a key inflation reading , rose 0.4 % last month , according to the Labor Department .
That matched the 0.4 % jump recorded in December and exceeded the 0.3 % rise economists surveyed by Briefing.com had forecast .
The more closely watched core CPI , which strips out volatile food and energy prices , rose 0.3 % , representing the biggest jump in 19 months .
Economists had expected a 0.2 % rise after a 0.2 % jump in December .
The rise in January left overall prices 4.3 % above where they were 12 months earlier , up from the 4.1 % rise on that basis in December .
Food prices were much higher in January .
A recent driver of inflation , food prices jumped 0.7 % from a 0.1 % rise in December , the largest monthly increase since last February .
The report , however , showed energy prices cooled in the past month .
Overall energy prices were up only 0.7 % , after a 1.7 % rise in the previous month , as gasoline prices fell to 2.1 % below their peak level recorded in May 2007 .
Core CPI posted a 12 - month change of 2.5 % , up from a 2.4 % rise on that basis in December .
That 's important because the rise is a bit above the perceived comfort zone of central bankers .
The Federal Reserve is generally believed to want to see the 12 - month change in core inflation readings remain between 1 % and 2 % .
The Fed has boldly cut its key interest rate to 3 % from 5.25 % in September , and some economists have suggested that further rate cuts are needed to boost the economy and stave off a recession .
But rising price pressures could tie the hands of central bankers , who not only seek to maintain economic growth , but aim to keep inflation in check as well .
A key Fed official seemed to suggest Tuesday that further rate cuts may not be prudent if inflation continues to rise .
Gary Stern , the Minneapolis regional Fed president , said the Fed needs to mind inflation and be cautious with its future rate - cutting policy .
But as the Fed balances growth with inflation , some economists believe that further rate cuts are still on the way .
" This was not a good report , but the Fed will not be deterred from cutting rates , " said Wachovia economist Sam Bullard , who believes that the Fed will cut rates by a quarter of a percentage point when it next meets on March 18 .
" The Fed is aware of inflation , but they 're still focused on growth , " he said .
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) -- James Miles , of The Economist , has just returned from Lhasa , Tibet .
The following is a transcript of an interview he gave to CNN .
James Miles
Q. How easy was it for you to see what you wanted to see ?
A . Well remarkably so , given that the authorities are normally extremely sensitive about the presence of foreign journalists when this kind of incident occurs .
I was expecting all along that they were going to call me up and tell me to leave Lhasa immediately .
I think what restrained them from doing that , one very important factor in this , was the thoughts of the Olympic Games that are going to be staged in Beijing in August .
And they have been going out of their way to convince the rest of the world that China is opening up in advance of this .
I think they probably did n't want me there but they knew that I was there with official permission , and one thing they 've been trying to get across over the last few months is that journalists based in Beijing can now get around the country more freely than they could before .
Of course Tibet is a special example .
I 've been a journalist in China now for 15 years altogether .
This is the first time that I 've ever got official approval to go to Tibet .
And it 's remarkable I think that they decided to let me stay there and probably they felt that it was a bit of a gamble .
But as the protests went on I think they also probably felt that having me there would help to get across the scale of the ethnically - targeted violence that the Chinese themselves have also been trying to highlight .
Q . What you say you saw corroborates the official version .
What exactly did you see ?
A . What I saw was calculated targeted violence against an ethnic group , or I should say two ethnic groups , primarily ethnic Han Chinese living in Lhasa , but also members of the Muslim Hui minority in Lhasa .
And the Huis in Lhasa control much of the meat industry in the city .
Those two groups were singled out by ethnic Tibetans .
They marked those businesses that they knew to be Tibetan owned with white traditional scarves .
Those businesses were left intact .
Almost every single other across a wide swathe of the city , not only in the old Tibetan quarter , but also beyond it in areas dominated by the ethnic Han Chinese .
Almost every other business was either burned , looted , destroyed , smashed into , the property therein hauled out into the streets , piled up , burned .
It was an extraordinary outpouring of ethnic violence of a most unpleasant nature to watch , which surprised some Tibetans watching it .
So they themselves were taken aback at the extent of what they saw .
And it was not just targeted against property either .
Of course many ethnic Han Chinese and Huis fled as soon as this broke out .
But those who were caught in the early stages of it were themselves targeted .
Stones thrown at them .
At one point , I saw them throwing stones at a boy of maybe around 10 years old perhaps cycling along the street .
I in fact walked out in front of them and said stop .
It was a remarkable explosion of simmering ethnic grievances in the city .
Q. Did you see other weapons ?
A. I saw them carrying traditional Tibetan swords , I did n't actually see them getting them out and intimidating people with them .
But clearly the purpose of carrying them was to scare people .
And speaking later to ethnic Han Chinese , that was one point that they frequently drew attention to .
That these people were armed and very intimidating .
Q. There was an official response to this .
In some reporting , info coming from Tibetan exiles , there was keenness to report it as Tiananmen .
A . Well the Chinese response to this was very interesting .
Because you would expect at the first sings of any unrest in Lhasa , which is a city on a knife - edge at the best of times .
That the response would be immediate and decisive .
That they would cordon off whatever section of the city involved , that they would grab the people involved in the unrest .
In fact what we saw , and I was watching it at the earliest stages , was complete inaction on the part of the authorities .
It seemed as if they were paralyzed by indecision over how to handle this .
The rioting rapidly spread from Beijing Road , this main central thoroughfare of Lhasa , into the narrow alleyways of the old Tibetan quarter .
But I did n't see any attempt in those early hours by the authorities to intervene .
And I suspect again the Olympics were a factor there .
That they were very worried that if they did move in decisively at that early stage of the unrest that bloodshed would ensue in their efforts to control it .
And what they did instead was let the rioting run its course and it did n't really finish as far as I saw until the middle of the day on the following day on the Saturday , March the 15th .
So in effect what they did was sacrifice the livelihoods of many , many ethnic Han Chinese in the city for the sake of letting the rioters vent their anger .
And then being able to move in gradually with troops with rifles that they occasionally let off with single shots , apparently warning shots , in order to scare everybody back into their homes and put an end to this .
Q. Would be false to suggest there was heavy - handed security approach ?
A . Well this was covering a vast area of the city and I was the only foreign journalist , at least accredited , to ... who was there to witness this .
It was impossible to get a total picture .
I did hear persistent rumors while I was there during this rioting of isolated clashes between the security forces and rioters .
And rumors of occasional bloodshed involved in that .
But I can do no more really on the basis of what I saw then say there was a probability that some ethnic Chinese were killed in this violence , and also a probability that some Tibetans , Tibetan rioters themselves were killed by members of the security forces .
But it 's impossible to get the kind of numbers or real first hand evidences necessary to back that up .
Q. Form any sense of where it would go from here ?
A . Well I think they now have a huge problem on their hands .
When I left Lhasa yesterday the city was still in a state of effectively Martial Law .
They 've been bending over backwards this time not to declare martial law as they did in 1989 after the last major outbreak of anti-Chinese unrest in Lhasa .
This time they have not used that term and yet the conditions now in Lhasa are pretty much the same as they were in 1989 under martial law .
Officials say there are no soldiers , no members of the People 's Liberation Army involved in this security operation .
And yet I saw numerous , many military vehicles , military looking vehicles with telltale license plates covered up or removed .
And also many troops there whose uniforms were distinctly lacking in the usual insignia of either the police or the riot police .
So my very , very strong suspicion is that the army is out there and is in control in Lhasa .
And removing that security given the way Tibetans are now focusing on the Olympics as a window of opportunity , removing that security now I think would be something they would be very , very cautious about .
And yet there are enormous pressures on them to do so .
Coming up to the Olympic torch carrying ceremony in Lhasa in June .
That is one obvious event they will want the world to see and they will want the world to see that Lhasa is normal .
But I think getting to that stage will be enormously tricky given the depth of feeling in Lhasa itself among Tibetans .
Q. Did you actually see clashes between security forces and Tibetan protesters ?
A . Well what I saw and at this stage , the situation around my hotel which was right in the middle of the old Tibetan quarter , was very tense indeed and quite dangerous so it was difficult for me to freely walk around the streets .
But what I saw was small groups of Tibetans , and this was on the second day of the protests , throwing stones towards what I assumed to be , and they were slightly out of vision , members of the security forces .
I would hear and indeed smell occasional volleys of Tear gas fired back .
There clearly was a small scale clash going on between Tibetans and the security forces .
But on the second day things had calmed down generally compared with the huge rioting that was going on ... on the Friday .
And the authorities were responding to these occasional clashes with Tibetans not by moving forward rapidly with either riot police and truncheons and shields , or indeed troops with rifles .
But for a long time , just with occasional , with the very occasional round of tear gas , which would send and I could see this , people scattering back into these very , very , narrow and winding alleyways .
What I did not hear was repeated bursts of machine gun fire , I did n't have that same sense of an all out onslaught of massive firepower that I sensed here in Beijing when I was covering the crushing of the Tiananmen Square protests in June , 1989 .
This was a very different kind of operation , a more calculated one , and I think the effort of the authorities this time was to let people let off steam before establishing a very strong presence with troops , with guns , every few yards , all across the Tibetan quarter .
It was only when they felt safe I think that there would not be massive bloodshed , that they actually moved in with that decisive force .
Q . At time you left , were Han Chinese moving freely back ?
A . There were some on the Saturday morning .
On the second day we came back to the shops and I saw them picking through the wreckage , tears in their eyes .
They were astonished , as I was , at the lack of any security presence on the previous day .
It was only during the night at the end of the first day that this cordon was established around the old Tibetan quarter .
But even within it , for several hours afterwards , people were still free to continue looting and setting fires , and the authorities were still standing back .
And it was only as things fizzled out towards the middle of the second day that as I say they moved in in great numbers .
Ethnic Chinese in Lhasa are now very worried people .
Some who had been there for many , many years expressed to me their utter astonishment that this had happened .
They had no sense of great ethnic tension being a part of life in Lhasa .
Now numerous
Hans that I spoke to say that they are so afraid they may leave the city , which may have very damaging consequences for Lhasa 's economy , Tibet 's economy .
Of course one would expect that ethnic Chinese would think twice now about coming into Lhasa for tourism , and that 's been a huge part of their economic growth recently .
And leaving Lhasa , I was sitting on a plane next to some Chinese businessmen , they say that they would normally come in and out of Lhasa by train .
But their fear now is that Tibetans will blow up the railway line .
That it is now actually safer to fly out of Tibet than to go by railway .
We have no evidence of Terrorist activity by Tibetans , no accusation of that nature so far .
But that is a fear that 's haunting some ethnic Han Chinese now .
Q . When you were told to leave , what were you told ?
A. Well I had an 8 - day permit to be in Lhasa .
That permit began two days before the rioting , on March 12 , and was due to run out on March 19 .
My official schedule was basically abandoned after a couple days of this .
Many of the places on my official itinerary turned out to be hotspots in the middle of this unrest .
They left me to my own devices .
I was stopped by the police at one point , taken to a police station .
They made a few phone calls and then let me go back out on the streets full of troops and police carrying out the security crackdown .
They insisted however that when my permit did expire on the 19th that I had to leave .
I asked for an extension and they said decisively no .
Q . So you were n't expelled ?
It just ran out ?
A . Well we 're in a gray area here .
Because in theory China has been opened up to foreign journalists since January 2007 , which means no longer , which was the case before , do we have to apply for provincial level government approval every time we leave Beijing for reporting .
The official regulations do n't mention Tibet .
But orally , officials have made it clear that Tibet is an exception to these new Olympic rules and journalists who have made their own way there , unofficially , both before this unrest and during it have been caught or ... and expelled .
Or those who have succeeded in making it out without being detected have been criticized by the authorities for doing so .
So one could argue that yes I was expelled , if one looks at the regulations they 've announced which one could interpret as meaning we have the freedom to be where we like .
But in their interpretation , Tibet is an exception and in their view they were being rather liberal towards me by letting run to the end of my official permit .
Q. Is Dalai behind this ?
A . Well we did n't see any evidence of any organized activity , at least there was nothing in what I sensed and saw during those couple of days of unrest in Lhasa , there was anything organized behind it .
And I 've seen organized unrest in China .
The Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 involved numerous organizations spontaneously formed by people in Beijing to oppose , or to call for more reform and demand democracy .
We did n't see that in Lhasa .
There were no organizations there that ... certainly none that labeled themselves as such .
These accusations against what they call the Dalai Lama clique , are ritual parts of the political rhetoric in Tibet .
There is a constant background rhetoric directed at the Dalai Lama and his supporters in India .
So it is not at all surprising that they would repeat that particular accusation in this case .
But they have n't come across , have n't produced any evidence of this whatsoever .
And I think it 's more likely that what we saw was yes inspired by a general desire of Tibetans both inside Tibet and among the Dalai Lama 's followers , to take advantage of this Olympic year .
But also inspired simply by all these festering grievances on the ground in Lhasa .
E-mail to a friend
All About Tibet • China • Summer Olympics • Wen Jiabao • Dalai Lama
1. Introduction To Types 2008
Above : the center of Turin with the Mole Antonelliana .
View from Monte Dei Cappuccini .
Types 2008 is the 2008 Workshop of the Working Group " Types " .
Types 2007 was in Udine . " Types " develops computer assisted formal reasoning based on Type Theory , with application to programming languages , certified software , and formalisation of mathematics .
Types 2008 will be held in Villa Gualino , a peaceful Villa with park and a scenic viewpoint , located in the hills facing the centre of Torino , Italy , from March , 26 ( Wednesday morning ) to March , 29 ( Saturday afternoon ) .
Partecipants will be housed in the same Villa Gualino housing the Congress , or in two hotels close to the Villa .
Types 2008 is colocated with ITRS08 ( March , 25 , 2008 ) , the 4th Workshop on Intersection Types and Related Systems , a small workshop of the types project .
We invite everyone to submit a talk ( look for the item " How To Submit A Talk " ) .
Early registration is open until February , 17 ( look for the items " How To Register " and " Hotel Booking " ) .
We plan to call for papers after the Workshop , and publish post - proceeding as a LNCS .
Congress schedule is now available .
There is a business meeting on March , 27 , evening , and a social dinner on March , 28 .
Lunches are included in the registration fees , while dinners are not .
If you intend to have a dinner in the Villa , you should tell it to the staff , by 3 P.M. each day .
Falling US interest rates are hitting the dollar 's value
Scepticism about whether the Federal Reserve 's plans to provide liquidity to the banking system will work was one factor weakening the dollar .
The new high was set at $ 1.5559 before the European currency fell back slightly to trade at $ 1.5552 .
Speculation that the United Arab Emirates is about to abandon its dollar peg also weakened the US currency .
The euro chalked up its biggest daily gain in more than two years , rising 1.5 % .
Presidential concern
The sliding dollar also helped spur oil prices to a record high above $ 110 a barrel as investors are buying oil to hedge against the sliding value of the greenback .
President George W Bush said he would like to see a stronger dollar and said he was concerned that its slide was one factor behind the soaring oil price .
" One reason I am for a strong dollar is because ...
I think it helps deal with inflation , " he said .
" Our dollar does n't buy as many barrels of oil as it used to , and so therefore it 's more expensive for the American people . "
Worries
Analysts said there were worries that the initiative from the Fed and other large central banks would do little to ease the wider problems facing the US economy .
" The Fed 's move addresses short - term liquidity issues , but does n't address underlying credit concerns and the US housing decline , which have not gone away , " said Matthew Strauss , senior currency strategist at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto .
Strong economic data in the euro zone made it less likely that there will be an interest rate cut from the European Central Bank , while the Federal Reserve is widely expected to cut rates at its next meeting .
Industrial production in the 15 states that use the euro rose unexpectedly fast in January , growing 0.9 % from December and 3.8 % from January 2007 , according to officials from Eurostat .
The fall in the dollar will make travelling abroad more expensive for Americans and it will increase the cost of imported goods .
However , it should also make US exports more competitive on world markets .
The University of Flatland uses a novel two - part practical test to determine whether Comp. Sci. undergraduates should be steered into practical programming or abstract theory streams .
In the first part , the students are given a beaker , a bunsen burner , a stand , and a flask of water .
They are told to boil water .
Naturally , they fill the beaker , place it on the stand , light the burner , and are queued up to perform the second test .
In the second part of the test , they are presented with a beaker of water sitting on a stand over a Bunsen burner , and an empty flask .
Most of the students light the burner and are led away to begin their studies in programming .
But a precious few disassemble the apparatus and pour the water back into the flask , reducing it to a problem they have already solved .
They are led away to begin the long road to their Ph.D. in Lisp , Recursion , and Category Theory .
When you take a problem with a straightforward solution and make it more complex by re-expressing it as a combination of patterns , you are pouring the water back into the flask .
define
lambda
if
quote
set !
define
let
let
lambda
equals
car
cdr
eval
define - syntax
call / cc
Like most the jokes I retell , this is not particularly funny .
But let ’s talk about “ Design Patterns ” and then come back to it .
Design patterns allow developers communicate their intentions to each other with a common vocabulary .
This makes sense .
If I create a Flyweight and I want to describe it to another developer , having a word for it , along with a common understanding of what problem a flyweight solves , streamlines our communication .
Design patterns in that light are jargon , a sub- language used by specialists to discuss their speciality .
If it stopped right there , you would have the design patterns invented by Christopher Alexander and articulated in the incredible book A Pattern Language
But it does n’t stop there .
In certain programming cultures , people consider Design Patterns to be a core set of practices that must be used to build software .
It is n’t a case of when you need to solve a problem best addressed by a design pattern , then use the pattern and refer to it by name .
It ’s a case of always use design patterns .
If your solution does n’t naturally conform to patterns , refactor it to patterns .
Is this madness ?
Yes …
And no…Consider Scheme .
Everything in Scheme is built out of just five primitive “ special forms . ”
It is positively Forth - like in its economy of power .
So it is clearly possible to build very powerful programs out of five primitives .
So why not build programs out of thirty - five patterns ?
While we digest that , back to the joke .
Scheme programmers are clearly the impractical theoreticians , are n’t they ?
Reducing everything to their five special forms that they have already solved and what - not .
While the practical programmers look for the simple , direct way to boil water .
So what do we make of the “ everything should be one of these thirty - five standard design patterns ” argument ?
I make of it the same thing that I make of the joke .
It is clearly possible .
But when you take a problem with a straightforward solution outside of the core patterns in one book and make it more complex by re-expressing it as a combination of patterns , you are pouring the water back into the flask .
The argument that “ everything should be one of these thirty - five standard design patterns ” is an argument that fits the theoretician , not the pragmatist .
It is motivated by a desire for building very complicated things out of very simple parts .
That is possible .
But it is a fallacy to believe that simplifying the constituent parts simplifies the software .
Like boiling water , you can make it more complex when you place the pattern ahead of the solution .
Of course there are arguments ad nauseam about standardization and readability .
But I have this strong suspicion that at the core of it , the motivation is a belief that the world should be reduced to a simple set of easy - to - understand things that can be combined and recombined into complex solutions .
And Scheme programmers ?
You may have noticed that although Scheme programs are built out of the five special forms , Scheme programmers do not write everything in the five forms : they use abstractions like continuations , macros , and functions to write expressive and powerful programs .
If you re-wrote a complex Scheme program in the five primitives , would it really be easier to understand because one programmer could describe it to another using just five words in their common vocabulary ?
This is a follow - up to Newly Discovered Design Pattern : “ Code Well . ”
Scheme ’s five special forms :
The ones I was thinking of are , and .
And I ’m not convinced you need .
This is from memory , and furthermore just because you can build everything from a few primitives does n’t mean that that ’s how the implementation works .
Smalltalk took this aggressive approach to building Smalltalk in Smalltalk , but I am not immersed in Scheme , I do not know what current implementations actually do .
If you do a little Googling , you will find that people often refer to constructs likeas special forms , because they are not function calls .
However , they are not primitive special forms because you can buildout ofand function calls .
Given the primitive special forms , you also need a library with functions like , anddefined .
Between the primitive forms and the primitive library , you can define metacircularly andfor all of the other special forms .
From there , you can build a modern Scheme in Scheme .
( There may be some other good choices for building “ a Scheme . ”
You may want to considera primitive special form .
If you do n’t , you have to rewrite function calls ( probably using CPS ) , and this means you are no longer running your Scheme programs in your primitive Scheme , but rather in your evaluator . )
Keith Braithwaite ’s critique
Mr Makoni is standing as an independent candidate
" [ It is ] a polarised nation in deep stress and one characterised by disease and extreme poverty , " he said .
If elected on 29 March as an independent candidate , he said he would start a process of reconciliation .
He said he was not against President Robert Mugabe , but urged ruling party members wanting " renewal " to join him .
Mr Mugabe is seeking a sixth term in office and told state media earlier this week he is " raring to go " in the polls .
Land reform urgent
At the manifesto launch in the capital , Harare , Mr Makoni said that he was not standing against the ruling Zanu - PF party , which formally expelled him this week , but " for the people of Zimbabwe " .
SIMBA MAKONI Zanu - PF moderniser 1980 : Named deputy minister aged 30 2002 : Sacked as finance minister after argument with Mugabe 2002 : Went to South Africa Possible support of Zanu - PF heavyweight Solomon Mujuru Trained chemist
Makoni's magic formula Diary : Election fever starts
He said that land reform was more urgent than ever - but it was necessary for rural development rather than a means of redressing the wrongs of the colonial era .
He urged Zanu - PF members to join him by standing in the election as independent candidates .
He also called on Zimbabweans living abroad to come home to vote .
The former finance minister claimed that since he had entered the contest last week , attendance at voter registration centres around the country had increased 10 - fold .
No coalition
President Mugabe will face three presidential challengers as both factions of the opposition are also fielding candidates .
Mr Tsvangirai has said Mr Makoni is " old wine in a new bottle "
Earlier at a press conference in South Africa , opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai confirmed his faction of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) would contest the election , despite what he called an uneven playing field .
He said that he would work with anyone who was prepared to close ranks against President Mugabe and the ruling party .
But the BBC's Peter Biles in Johannesburg says he gave no hint that he and Mr Makoni were about to form an electoral coalition .
Mr Tsvangirai pointed out that Mr Makoni had been a member of Zanu - PF 's politburo while the Zimbabwean economy had been destroyed .
Previous polls have been characterised by violence and allegations of fraud .
Zimbabwe has the world 's highest inflation rate - 26,000 % - and only an estimated one adult in five has a job .
Mr Mugabe 's critics blame the economic crisis on his policies , but he blames a Western plot to bring him down .
TOKYO – Satoshi Fujita is not a good - looking man .
He has oily skin , beady eyes , short legs and a boy - band wig to cover his balding head .
But that has n't stopped him from becoming Japan 's most sought - after dating coach for geeks .
Fujita 's Pickup School for Men Who Can't Get
Any teaches geeky , insecure men of all ages how to gain confidence , score dates and get laid – all based , he says , on a proprietary " science " he discovered after a decade of careful research .
" I always teach my students that sex comes first , " he says .
" Then you figure out whether the woman is worth marrying later . "
The school is just one of many bizarre after - work coaching institutes in Japan .
There are schools that specialize in everything from simple math problems to memory improvement .
There are even schools for successful dating - by - text - message .
Taking night classes is deeply ingrained in Japanese culture – starting in childhood , when parents enroll children in juku , or cram school .
Nanpa , or the act of picking up women , is one of the newer but more popular categories of cram schools in the country .
There are at least half a dozen nanpa schools in the Tokyo area alone .
Some of Fujita 's classes take place in a classroom , but most of them are held on street corners to simulate real nanpa situations .
Fujita estimates that he teaches more than a hundred students a month , with some classes – like How to Use Magic to Gain Popularity and How to Seduce Women – attracting dozens of students .
Each class costs 30,000 yen ( $ 280 ) .
His students – electronics company executives , engineers who have little interaction with women except through online porn , and average - looking college geeks who need an extra oomph – seem happy with what they 're learning .
" Since joining Mr. Fujita 's school , I have had five successful relationships , " says Hachioji Robocop , a 27 - year - old civil servant who has been taking the course since 2004 .
" I lost my virginity six months into the course , and now I can now communicate with women .
I 'm very grateful . "
Fujita opened up his first dating crash course for geeks in 2002 .
Today , he has written three self - help books for unpopular guys , and his techniques have been featured in magazines and television shows .
Through most of his 20s , Fujita was introverted and completely clueless about women .
" It was so shocking when my hair started to fall out , " he says .
" I was scared to look in the mirror and completely froze up when I talked to women . "
For years , he hid behind his receding hairline , avoiding social events and wondering what it was like to be intimate with a girl .
Then , in the mid-1990s , he started studying the techniques of masterful pickup artists and charismatic celebrities in an effort to hone his own womanizing skills .
He registered with a professional matchmaker , who started setting up dates , but things turned around only when Fujita bought his first wig at age 34 .
In his book Zura Ga Kanojo Ni Bareta Toki ( The Time My Girlfriend Discovered I Was Wearing a Wig ) , Fujita describes how his confidence soared after this slight change in appearance .
He felt like a woman who had just gotten breast implants , he wrote .
He also learned that a few simple tricks can go a long way : Women like laughter , compliments and magic tricks .
Using these concepts , he devised a proprietary " science " for picking up women that takes into consideration things like reading signals and timing .
After 10 years and 10 new wigs , he'd become so successful with women , he says , that he decided to quit his job and make dating his profession .
Among other tricks , Fujita 's method involves a deck of " psychoanalytic " cards that help him determine what kind of girl he has picked up .
He 's also got a bag of tricks – literally – that includes flaming wallets , talking ferrets and animated algae balls .
Fujita asked Wired.com not to disclose anything more detailed , for fear of giving away his closely guarded trade secrets .
" This may seem ridiculous , but if you follow a specific equation , it really works , " he says .
One bit of advice Fujita was willing to dish out concerns online dating :
It does n't work , he says .
" If you 're not tall and good - looking , or you do n't work at a top - rate company , then you can't really score dates on a dating website , " he says .
Instead , " Picking up women on the streets is the best method for people who need miracles . "
This is the next in my series of posts with advice directed at other rape survivors .
I encourage reporting to the police whenever possible , but unfortunately the police can be an ally to rapists through incompetence or through bias against certain rape victims .
Investigating rape cases completely and competently takes money and some police officers will view a report of a criminal sexual assault which meets the jurisdiction 's statutory requirements as not worth the money if the rape victim is n't shot or stabbed or if the rape victim somehow seems suspect or not sufficiently traumatized .
To be in compliance with the US Violence Against Women Act , rape victims cannot be asked by investigators to take a polygraph test .
Even if a polygraph is n't presented as a requirement for the investigation to continue , my recommendation is to never take a polygraph for one simple reason .
A police officer can lie to you after you 've taken the polygraph and tell you that the polygraph proves that your story is a lie and use that lie to coerce you into recanting your report of rape .
Some officers wrongly believe that if you are telling the truth that their tricks wo n't work on you .
Other officers simply do n't care whether you are a real crime victim or not .
An officer who wants the rape investigation stopped cold may use the threat of criminal charges against you and an offer to let the matter drop so that recanting seems like the only way out of a nightmare .
What person who has been raped would want to face this sort of treatment even if they believe that no jury would believe this lie ?
This investigative approach signals that your rapist is going to get away with raping you so you may naturally feel despondent .
Many of us who have been raped feel crazy already and may question our perception .
If we are presented with " proof " that we were not raped from someone we are taught to trust completely we could voice uncertainty about whether we were raped or not .
This uncertainty is proof of nothing except the power of an authority figure to use their position to coerce you into questioning what you know to be true .
Yet it will be used as proof by rapists defense attorneys and rape denialists who openly acknowledge the existance of false confessions .
If you are being threatened with criminal charges demand a lawyer .
Ignore any chatter about how that might make you look guilty .
If they are going to treat you like a criminal then they need to give you all the rights that a criminal gets .
Rape victims can prevail over a biased system that seems determined to harm them and they can see their rapist convicted .
But none of us who have been raped should have to prevail over the very systems which are designed to keep us safe .
If you know that those who are charged with upholding the law can turn on real victims then you can go in with a plan of what to do if you get an incompetent or malicious investigator .
If there is a victim 's advocate agency in your area I strongly encourage you to contact them before reporting and ask to have an advocate go with you to law enforcement .
They can even help you get any information you need before deciding whether or not to report your rape .
A victim's advocate can help prepare you for questions which might seem hostile but which are part of an ethical and competent rape investigation .
For example , if you get a rape kit done the police will need to know if you had consensual sex within a certain number of days and with whom .
This is done not to embarrass you or shame you , it is done so that the DNA evidence which is collected can be matched to its owner .
I do n't want to discourage you from reporting , but I want you to report with insight into bad police practices .
Once you recognize that a trap can be set for you then you can know what is going on if that happens to you .
I suggest logging details from all contact with law enforcement including the name of any investigators you talk to so that you can report that person 's actions if necessary .
If the agency you are reporting to is large , request to speak to an investigator who is trained in sex crime investigation .
If they have such an investigator , but that person is unavailable until the next day then wait if possible .
If the agency is small , ask the investigator what specialized training he or she has .
Make a note of this .
At all times please keep your personal safety in mind .
This safety includes not only attacks from others but the impact of external actions on your ability to cope safely .
My local police force has worked extensively to improve their response to rape reports and to treat all those who report rape with dignity .
I 've been with victims as they reported and I never saw any investigator cross ethical boundaries .
However , if I were ever raped again , even with everything I know , I would not report without a victim 's advocate at my side .
I would also not go to follow up meeting with law enforcement without an advocate .
This is true even if I would be talking to the best sex crime investigator out there .
If you are treated like a criminal by an investigator after being raped know that it is n't you who is causing this .
It is the investigator who either lacks training or ethics .
There are people who are working to make the criminal justice system stop being hostile to rape victims and many of these people are part of the law enforcement system .
Look for those who understand this problem and then let them know what happened to you if you can .
If you have worked with respectful investigators or have received help dealing with bad investigators share that whenever appropriate especially to those who make funding decisions .
Let those who control law enforcement funding know that specialized sex crime training is money well spent if you are safely able to do so .
If , like me , you did not report your rape or you cannot report your rape for whatever reason you are not guilty of any crime if or when your rapist decides to rape again .
The barriers between most rape victims and justice are real and those who work to keep those barriers in place are the ones who have some responsibility for the continued success of serial rapists .
Correction :
In certain situations you could be charged with a crime because of your rapist 's actions .
This can happen where your rapist is your husband or other family member and where later victims are children considered under your care .
For more on this , check out Prawfs Blawg 's series : Punishing Family Status .
Technorati tags : rape crime politics sexual violence sexual assault feminism
Labels : advice
Who needs reality TV ?
My favorite show is called , " Third World Nationalist Leader Makes Outrageous Charges Against the U.S. "
Like all such shows , there is a formula .
A typical episode goes something like this :
Scene 1 : Third World Nationalist Leader makes outrageous charges against the U.S .
Scene 2 : Charges reported by U.S. news media , in suitably condescending tones , along with U.S. denials .
Possible truth of charges not explored .
Scene 3 : Bigfoot pundit news analysis explores Third World Nationalist Leader motivations .
In a fair and balanced way , two competing theories are advanced .
One , Third World Nationalist Leader is paranoid and mentally unbalanced .
Two , Third World Nationalist Leader is a demagogue , cynically manipulating public hatred of the United States to distract from domestic policy failures .
( Why this sentiment exists to be manipulated is rarely explored . )
Scene 4 : News report surfaces lending substantial credence to original charges .
But no mainstream media reflect back on their original reporting .
The most recent episode of the series concerns Bolivia .
Dangerous Love German High Court Takes a Look at Incest
Must consensual sex between close relatives be punished ?
Germany 's highest court is about to rule whether incest will continue to result in a jail term .
It is referring to the case of a brother and sister who have already had four children together .
As the fifth anniversary of the United States ’ second longest ( next to Vietnam ) and second costliest ( next to World War II ) war passes , the good news is that the counterinsurgency strategy of Gen. David Petraeus and Lt. Gen. Raymond Odierno seems to be working .
The bad news is that it will probably not save Iraq .
Although the U.S. troop surge has had some effect , it is probably not the most important factor damping violence back down to the levels of the middle of 2004 .
The United States had comparable force levels in Iraq ( around 155,000 troops ) in 2005 , but the mayhem was worse than now and was increasing .
Furthermore , the carnage in Iraq started dropping even before the United States began the surge ( and temporarily increased again as U.S. troops were being added ) .
In part , prior ethnic cleansing that had more cleanly separated hostile Shi’ite and Sunni populations has likely caused the reduction .
Even more important was probably Petraeus ’ and Odierno ’s exploitation of the fissure between mainline Sunni insurgents and al - Qaeda in Iraq .
The blindingly incompetent slaughter of fellow Muslim civilians by al - Qaeda in Iraq , which brought rebuke even by al - Qaeda ’s central leadership , caused Sunni insurgents to get fed up and turn against the group .
Petraeus and Odierno cleverly exploited this fissure by driving a wedge between the two factions .
Although guerrilla operations are the most successful form of warfare in human history , and counterinsurgency forces seldom win over the long - term , they do best when they can divide the rebel movement .
The United States was able to defeat the Greek communist insurgents during the 1947-1949 period and Filipino rebels from 1900 to 1902 by splitting the insurgencies .
In the latter case , the United States was able to convince Emilio Aguinaldo , the most prominent rebel commander  perhaps by a cash payment  to surrender his forces .
In Iraq , the United States is now essentially paying off former Sunni guerrillas in the " Awakening Councils " by funding , equipping , and training them to fight al - Qaeda in Iraq and working with the formerly hostile Shi’ite Mahdi militia .
Although this strategy has merits by attenuating violence in the short - term , it likely will exacerbate Iraq ’s larger problems , thus eventually leading to a full - blown civil war .
The Petraeus and Odierno strategy makes sense if the objective is to keep a lid on the violence until President Bush leaves office .
When the tar baby is successfully passed on to the next president , Bush can then re-run the Kissinger argument from Vietnam .
That argument goes something like this : " The United States would have won the Vietnam War if the Democratic Congress had n’t cut off funding for it . "
In Iraq , the similar Bush administration refrain will be : " The situation in Iraq was improving until we left office and handed over the power to President X . "
But Bush ’s short - term strategy would likely aggravate Iraq ’s central underlying problem  ethno- sectarian hostility .
Had the Bush administration made a serious effort to consult experts on the Arab world before invading Iraq , it would have discovered that the country was one of the most fractured in the Arab world , and would be one of the least likely to support and sustain a liberal democratic federation .
Prior to supporting former Sunni guerrillas , the administration was only funding , equipping , and training two sides  the Kurds and Shia  in the ongoing civil war .
Now the administration is supporting all three sides .
The Shi’ite / Kurdish - controlled government is opposed to the U.S. program to support the Sunnis and has been reluctant to let them into the security forces .
Such deep , underlying ethno- sectarian suspicions and fissures have been around for centuries in what is now Iraq and are unlikely to be rectified by passing a few benchmark laws .
Given the history of Iraq  in which one group controlled the central government and oppressed the other groups  all groups , even including the formerly ruling Sunnis , are suspicious of central authority and will fight for control of it .
Thus , societal cooperation , of which Iraq has little , must precede legislation  or the laws will be disregarded .
Even less credibility will accrue to laws passed under pressure from an outside occupying power .
The only way the United States can pull its finger out of the dike without the dam crashing down is to use the threat of withdrawal  pulling the backstop out from the corrupt Shi’ite / Kurdish government  to get the Shia , Sunnis , and Kurds to agree to formally decentralize the country .
If the central government has only limited power , the groups would fear its potential oppression less and attenuate their fight for control of it .
In a decentralized , loosely confederated Iraq , their militias could provide security over members of their own groups in new autonomous regions ( the country would probably have three or more of these regions based on ethno - sectarian or tribal affiliation ) .
Also , judicial , resource ( oil ) management , and most other government functions could reside at the regional level .
The central government would be responsible only for diplomatic representation overseas and negotiation of trade agreements with other countries and among regions .
Heretofore , the major sticking point in getting the three groups to support such a decentralization scheme was Sunni worries about meager oil resources in their region .
The Kurds have had a de facto state in northern Iraq since the end of the Persian Gulf in 1991 .
Many
Shi’ite leaders also favor setting up an autonomous region , the possibility of which is guaranteed in Iraq ’s constitution .
Even the Sunnis , finally disabused of the fantasy that they are strong enough to once again rule all of Iraq , and having tasted oppression at the hands of the Shi ’i - dominated security forces , are becoming more favorable to decentralization .
To push the Shi’ite / Kurdish - dominated Iraqi government into gerrymandering regional borders  giving territory containing oil to the Sunnis to ensure their acceptance of decentralization  any new U.S. president must establish a timetable for the rapid withdrawal of U.S. forces , which prop up that dysfunctional government .
Because the Shia have roughly 60 percent of the oil and about 60 percent of the population , the only border that might need to be gerrymandered is near the northern oil fields by Kirkuk between Kurdistan ( about 20 percent of the population and approximately 40 percent of the oil ) and Sunni - dominated areas ( roughly 20 percent of the population and little oil ) .
The historical record on partitions illuminates do ’s and don’ts for any soft partition of Iraq into a loose confederation  the most important of which is that the Iraqis must do the dividing themselves for it to have crucial legitimacy in their eyes .
In 1947 , in partitioning India and Pakistan , Britain found out the hard way that the location of the partition line is vitally important and that an outside power drawing such a border arbitrarily can have disastrous and violent consequences .
Thus , the United States should avoid getting involved in the details of creating borders between regions , but some general lessons can be learned from past partitions .
First , regional boundaries do n’t have to exactly mirror ethno - sectarian areas , but they should come as close as possible .
The case of Northern Ireland shows that a large minority ( Catholics ) , which could be perceived as a threat by the majority ( Protestants ) , should not be stranded on the other side of the borderline .
A small minority on the other side of the line will probably experience little violence ( Protestants in Ireland ) .
Second , the case of Kosovo demonstrates that boundaries must consider ethno- sectarian or tribal shrines and sites .
Third , although drawing borders along ethno- sectarian divides should minimize population movements , some migration will likely be necessary .
Such movements must be voluntary ; can be encouraged through incentives ; and must be protected ( as the violence in India - Pakistan in 1947 showed ) .
Although a U.S. withdrawal and soft partition is not a perfect solution , Iraq is in some sense already partitioned , with forces primarily loyal to ethno- sectarian groups providing security .
U.S. policy training of such armed organizations is merely reinforcing this de facto partition .
Such an unratified partition is very dangerous and will likely lead to a full - blown civil war .
Only a new American president signaling a rapid U.S. withdrawal could motivate the parties to formalize , adjust , and make permanent the decentralized Iraq that already exists .
CSS Positioning
To use CSS for layout effectively , it helps to know how it 's used to position page content .
This article gives an overview of the methods and rules that govern visual rendering in the CSS2 specification .
It also points out some things to watch out for .
Although the specification applies to any device for displaying web pages , this article focuses on how it works in browsers .
Many details are left out for the sake of simplicity .
For a definitive reference , see the standards publication .
It 's important to remember that a given browser may not support a given feature or may even implement it incorrectly .
Also , there is some leeway provided within the standards where individual browsers are free to deal with situations as they please .
Where appropriate these inconsistencies are noted .
The Box Model
To understand positioning in CSS you must first understand the box model .
For display purposes , every element in a document is considered to be a rectangular box which has a content area surrounded by padding , a border and margins .
The illustration below shows these various parts .
content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content
margin border padding content
Margins are always transparent .
Borders come in various styles .
Background settings for an element apply to the the area just inside the borders which includes both the padding and content areas .
For purposes of illustration however , the padding area is shown in a slightly darker color .
When referring to boxes throughout this article , the term " margin edge , " " border edge " , etc. means the the outer boundary of the corresponding box area as shown above .
Margins , borders and padding are all optional but for purposes of calculating positions and sizes they are given a default width of zero if not specified .
Different widths can be set for each individual side ( top , right , bottom and left ) if desired .
Margins can even have negative values .
The width and height of each box is equal to the width and height of the outer margin box .
Note that this is not the necessarily the same as the width and height of the content area .
A box can contain any number of other boxes , creating a hierarchy of boxes that corresponds to the nesting of page elements .
The browser window serves as the root element for this hierarchy .
Box Types
There are two basic types of boxes , block and inline .
Block boxes are generated by elements such as P , DIV or TABLE .
Inline boxes are generated by tags such as B , I or SPAN and actual content like text and images .
The box type may also be set using the display property .
Setting a value of block on an inline element , for example , will cause it to be treated as a block element .
Note that if you set the display to none , no box is created .
The browser acts as if the element did not exist .
Likewise , any nested elements are ignored as well , even if they specifically declare some other display value .
There are other types of boxes which apply to special elements like lists and tables .
However , these are ultimately treated as block or inline boxes for positioning purposes .
As such , these other box types not covered here .
Containing Blocks
Block boxes act as a containing block for any boxes within them .
For example , in this code :
< div >
This is the first sentence .
< p > This is the second sentence .
</ p> </div>
the DIV element establishes a containing block for both the first string of text and the P element .
The P element in turn creates a containing block for the second text string .
It 's interesting to note that while the text of the first sentence in the above example generates an inline box , there is considered to be block box surrounding it .
These " anonymous " block boxes are used to simplify the positioning process .
The result is that a block box will only contain either all inline boxes or all block boxes , even if some of those block boxes only act as a wrapper for an inline box .
This containing block is used in determining both the position of the boxes within it and in some cases , the dimensions of those boxes .
For example , if an element has a style setting of width :50 % ; its width will be set to half the width of its containing block .
For any element that is not absolutely positioned , the containing block is considered to be the content edge of its most recent , block - level ancestor .
If none exists , the browser window serves as the containing block .
Absolutely positioned elements are discussed separately .
Positioning Schemes
There are three positioning modes or schemes in CSS2 : normal , float and absolute .
Each has its own set of rules .
Every box is positioned using one of these schemes but different boxes will use different schemes depending on their position and float style settings .
Normal Flow
Normal flow is the default scheme used for positioning .
It applies to any element that does not specify position : absolute or fixed and is not floated .
In this scheme , block boxes flow vertically starting at the top of their containing block with each placed directly below the preceding one .
Inline boxes flow horizontally from left to right .
You should note that vertical margins are collapsed in the normal flow .
That is , instead of adding the bottom margin of a box to the top margin of the one immediately below it , only the larger of the two values is used , as illustrated here .
content content content content content content content content content
content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content content
Horizontal margins , however , are never collapsed .
