The next big " systemic risk " to the economy is the U.S. Congress , one member of that body suggested Monday .
Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - N.H. ) said that the spending undertaken by the Congress during the first nine months of the year poses a structural threat to the economy .
" If you want to look at the next systemic risk to this country , it 's the Congress of the United States , " Gregg said during an appearance on CNBC this morning .
" And the fact that we 're running up all this debt that we 're not going to be able to repay , or if we do repay it we 're going to have to devalue the dollar . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Gregg , the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee and longtime critic of deficits and debt , pinned the blame on populism in the country .
"
We 've always had a very strong strain of populism in this country that has said you can get something for nothing and promise everything to everybody , " he said .
" As a very practical matter , in the last eight months , all we 've seen is a massive expansion of spending , a movement of the government to the left very aggressively , and it 's been a very conscious decision .
" Gregg asserted that the government will inevitably move leftward over time , spending more on social programs and entitlements like healthcare .
An opponent of the health reform bills before Congress , Gregg asserted that the public ( or " government - run " ) option would inevitably be included in health legislation , largely to placate more liberal House Democrats , who have threatened to vote against any bill lacking the public plan .
" It will be buried in all sort of language that says it is n't public , but it will lead to a public plan , in my opinion , " Gregg said .
" What passes the Senate will be much more temperate than what comes out of the conference committee . "
Google toilet paper : made with 100 % virgin pulp and available in Vietnam .
Per a questionable translation of the text on the bag : " Very long , soft , smooth .
Of high vacuum , because you always ! "
HIGH VACUUM , OF COURSE I ALWAYS !
Dingleberry free , just sayin' .
This Google 's made from 100 % Virgin pulp , not chrome [ engadget ]
Thanks to wes , who only wipes with Charmin because the dude 's a bear .
We 're putting together a story about the behind - the - scenes negotiations that led to 2008 legislation immunizing the nation 's telecommunication companies from liability for assisting the government 's warrantless dragnet program – the hijacking of Americans ' electronic communications .
Threat Level wants your assistance .
Then - Sen. Barack Obama voted for the immunity package , which forced a San Francisco federal judge to dismiss an Electronic Frontier Foundation lawsuit targeting the nation 's telecoms , accusing them of illegally funneling all electronic communications to the National Security Agency without warrants .
In response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by the EFF , the government has now begrudgingly divulged thousands of pages of documents pertaining to the legislation 's development .
We will be poring through them today .
The EFF notes , " The government has said it will continue to try to block the release of additional documents , including communications within the Executive Branch and records reflecting the identities of telecoms involved in lobbying for immunity . "
More litigation on the disclosure matter is set for January .
Take a look at the immunity negotiation documents and , in the comments section , report your findings .
Be sure to link to the appropriate record , or note the name of the document and its page number in your PDF reader .
See Also :
New York and Chicago Criminal Defense Lawyer
New York City and Chicago Securities Fraud Lawyer
A criminal investigation , indictment or conviction can have a catastrophic impact on your career , reputation and family .
The best way to minimize that damage is to hire an experienced federal criminal defense attorney .
As soon as you believe that you or your company is being investigated , schedule an appointment with Federal Criminal Defense attorney Nishay K. Sanan .
Mr. Sanan helps clients develop plans for quick action in the face of Illinois , New York or federal criminal charges and appeals across the country .
Attorney Sanan handles a wide range of Illinois , New York and federal criminal charges with a focus on white collar and financial crimes such as mail and wire fraud , money laundering , Internet crimes , securities fraud , health care fraud , tax fraud and public corruption charges .
He consults with experts and uses support staff to accommodate even the most document - heavy cases .
He uses his in - depth knowledge of accounting , tax , and criminal law and procedure to build a strong defense while working closely with clients to protect their rights .
Being investigated ?
Contact an experienced attorney as soon as possible .
When you are facing a government investigation , the smartest strategy is to get an attorney involved as soon as possible .
The government does not wait until you are charged to begin building a case against you that can destroy your professional or personal reputation .
Whether you are facing charges of business fraud a federal sex crime offense or are accused of racketeering , you need to protect your rights .
Nishay K. Sanan , Esq. , has over 20 years of experience as a criminal defense lawyer .
With a background in accounting — with an emphasis on tax — he has handled many high - level , complex white collar criminal cases in state and federal courts .
Contact Federal Criminal Defense attorney , Nishay Sanan , now about the best approach to protecting your rights , your family , your career and your freedom .
Call 312-386-7091 or toll free at 888-335-6504 to schedule a confidential consultation .
There is no charge for an initial consultation , but potential out - of - town clients may be asked to pay for travel expenses if necessary .
Eircom 's plan to ban internet subscribers who persistently download music illegally has been dealt a blow after the European Parliament today approved a new telecoms reform package that offers greater protection for consumers .
The reform package , which was first proposed by the European Commission in November 2007 , includes a provision to restrict internet service providers ( ISPs ) from disconnecting filesharers .
It also includes a number of other benefits for consumers such as the right to better information about services they subscribe to and improved data protection for individuals .
However , easily the most controversial aspect of the package is the move to protect file - sharers from being denied internet access if they download music illegally .
The revised EU telecoms framework directive was adopted at the third and final reading by 510 votes to 40 , with 24 abstentions .
Eircom agreed to introduce a “ three strikes and you ’re out ” rule in January as a result of an out - of - court settlement with EMI , Sony , Universal and Warner Music .
The move follows the introduction of similar legislation in France .
A ‘ three strikes ’ law is also under consideration in Britain under the controversial Digital Economy Bill .
Under the agreement reached in Ireland , investigators working on behalf of the music labels are to pass on the details of Eircom users they detect sharing copyrighted material .
Eircom is then expected to contact the customer and ask them to desist .
However , if the subscriber continues to share files , they will be issued with a formal warning and on the third count , have their account terminated so that they can no longer access the internet .
No Eircom customers have been disconnected to date .
As part of that deal , the record labels agreed to seek a similar system to be put in place by all other internet service providers ( ISPs ) , so that Eircom would not be at a competitive disadvantage .
Legal proceedings were launched by the big four music labels in association with industry body , Irish Recorded Music Association ( Irma ) , in June against BT Ireland .
However , this was discontinued following the transfer of BT 's consumer base to Vodafone .
A similar action against UPC Ireland is on - going .
Some experts have suggested that the final version of the amendment which covers the " three strikes " rule in the EU ’s telecom reform package has been watered down so much during debates that it no longer protects filesharers .
A previous version of the amendment said that any application for cutting off internet access must go through a judge .
However , the reworked version states that a user 's internet access may only be restricted “ if appropriate , proportionate and necessary , " and only after " a prior , fair and impartial procedure " which gives users the opportunity to state their case and respects the principles of presumption of innocence and the right to privacy .
According to TJ McIntyre , a lecturer in law at UCD and the chairman of Digital Rights Ireland , the final version of the amendment makes it unclear just how much protection internet users now have if moves are made to disconnect them .
Mr McIntyre told The Irish Timesthat the amendment refers to Member States rather than private entities and added that it was only likely to become clear exactly what the legal standpoint is if a case ends up in court .
The Bugatti Veyron is the unequivocal king of function , flare and raw power on today ’s tarmac .
It has received much fanfare for being the best at many things .
Unfortunately for one man in Texas , seaworthiness is not one of them .
As his woeful story goes , the driver was cruising by a lagoon when a “ low - flying pelican ” startled him into yanking the wheel , dropping his cell phone and sending his Veyron into a saltwater marsh .
That makes it the fourth Veyron , the rarest and most expensive production car in the world , to meet its maker .
Lucky for us , a good samaritan caught the aftermath on video and passed it along to WreckedExotics.com .
Check it out after the jump .
Most would write off a car that ’s been deep - sixed in saltwater .
But how does one write off a $ 2 million car of which only 300 will be ever made ?
That would be like tossing a Van Gogh on the fire because someone sneezed on it .
The damage may not seem that expensive as there is little body damage .
With a first service cost of over $ 20,000 and $ 10,000 tire changes every 2,500 miles , we know better .
This car already burns more money than it does fuel when running perfectly .
And now the owner has to deal with four turbos , 16 cylinders and more electronics than a space shuttle that have taken a saltwater bath .
Do n’t forget the once pristine leather and suede adorned interior .
We hear saltwater and leather do n't mix .
We found the story a little half - baked and think it had more to do with the cell phone than the pelican .
But whatever the story is , we think the driver could take a few pointers from Captain Sullenberger of Flight 1549 on how to land a multi-million dollar piece of machinery in water and blame it on the birds .
Who knows , maybe someone will make a 3D simulation of this water landing too .
By the way – our own Joe Brown got to drive a Veyron and it's every bit as amazing as you 've heard .
Photos and Video : WreckedExotics.com
Jagama Kello , middle , left home at just 15 to fight Italian invaders
By Martin Plaut
BBC Africa analyst
The 70th anniversary of World War II is being commemorated around the world , but the contribution of one group of soldiers is almost universally ignored .
How many now recall the role of more than one million African troops ?
Yet they fought in the deserts of North Africa , the jungles of Burma and over the skies of Germany .
A shrinking band of veterans , many now living in poverty , bitterly resent being written out of history .
For Africa , World War II began not in 1939 , but in 1935 .
I greeted Gandhi with a military salute and asked him : ' What are you going to do for Africa now that India is going to be free ? '
Marshal Kebby
Nigerian soldier Italian Fascist troops , backed by thousands of Eritrean colonial forces , invaded Ethiopia .
Emperor Haile Selassie was forced to flee to the UK , but others , known as Patriots , fought on .
Among them was Jagama Kello .
Fifteen years old at the time , he left home and raised a guerrilla force that struck at the Italian invaders .
Mein Kampf Other Africans learnt what Fascism could mean for them .
Among them was John Henry Smythe of Sierra Leone .
His teacher gave him Adolf Hitler 's book , Mein Kampf .
" We read what this man was going to do to the blacks if he gets into power .
And he attacked the British and Americans for encouraging the blacks to become doctors and lawyers , " Mr Smythe said .
John Henry Smythe , left , read Hitler 's Mein Kampf before joining the RAF " It was a book which would put any black man 's back up and it put mine up . "
He volunteered to join the Royal Air Force , becoming a navigator , flying bombers over Germany .
Others took a similar view .
Joe Culverwell , who went on to fight for the liberation of Zimbabwe , volunteered the day war was declared in 1939 .
" Do n't forget in those days we were very loyal Brits - stupid as that may sound now , " Mr Culverwell says .
" We were brainwashed into being little brown Britishers . "
Others were conscripted .
They were picked up when they went to visit a local market or on the orders of a local chief .
And many found that once they enlisted they were badly treated .
The reality of military life for African soldiers like Nigerian Marshall Kebby was very different from the propaganda .
" As a colonial soldier I had very rough treatment .
At that time we had n't even a single Nigerian officer , all were British .
And many of us revolted against injustice , what I might call man 's inhumanity to man . "
' Hell '
But once the fighting began there was little time for protest .
For men like Mr Culverwell , serving in Somalia , being bombed by the Italians was a terrifying experience .
We , the ex-servicemen , gave this country the freedom it 's enjoying today .
Marshall Kebby " Boy that was hell .
We all had foxholes .
I never felt so frightened in my life .
They were bombing 100 yards away .
We dare n't even look up , you see . "
Mr Smythe took part in air - raids over enemy territory .
But on the night of 18 November 1943 his plane was shot down over the German city of Mannheim .
He spent 18 months in a prisoner of war camp , where the Germans tried to extract intelligence from him .
" You must use some special instruments to navigate your way here , " his interrogator told Mr Smythe .
" He said : ' I want you to co-operate to get you out of this place . '
I said : ' I will give you my name and number ' .
He started to scream at me ; became a real Nazi officer .
" He said : ' You know they are talking about whether to execute you tomorrow or not .
Because you , as a black man , should not involve in white man 's war . ' "
Meeting Gandhi
On the other side of the world , Mr Kebby was meeting Indians .
Among them was the leader of India 's independence movement , Mahatma Gandhi , who was addressing a crowd of one million people in Madras .
Mr Kebby worked his way to the front .
" It was one of the greatest things I did as a soldier .
I greeted Gandhi with a military salute and asked him : ' What are you going to do for Africa now that India is going to be free ? '
" He said : ' India will not do anything for you .
But India will give you moral support on condition you fight the British non-violently ' . "
By 1945 the war was over , African troops had helped the allied powers defeat Germany , Italy and Japan .
Mr Culverwell remembers talking to other black soldiers he met about what would happen to them now .
" We used to have long chats about the colour problem and we were determined that we were not going to be treated that way any more . "
Freedom fighters
But for most Africans independence was still 15 years away .
In the meantime , the veterans had to get home and find a job .
BBC WORLD SERVICE
You can listen to Africa 's Forgotten Soldiers on BBC World Service at 10:05 am on Friday 13 November .
More BBC World Service documentaries
Many found little gratitude for their years of service and no work .
In February 1948 veterans from Ghana , among them Kalimu Glover went to petition the governor .
But instead of receiving them , police opened fire .
It sparked off an outpouring of anger on the streets of Accra .
" After the shooting , we said we should damage all British things in the city .
We got stones , sticks to break down shops .
We broke them all down .
Those were wonderful days : February 1948 , Saturday to Sunday . "
Mr Kebby is convinced that he and others like him helped end colonial rule .
" Every soldier who went to India got new ideas and learnt new things .
We came back with improved ideas about life .
We , the ex-servicemen , gave this country the freedom it 's enjoying today .
We gave this freedom and handed it over to our country . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Fernando Alonso knew nothing of the alleged plan for Nelson Piquet to crash deliberately at last year 's Singapore Grand Prix in a bid to help him win the race , AUTOSPORT has learned .
While the focus of the FIA 's World Motor Sport Council hearing later this month now appears to revolve around what took place in a pre-race meeting between Piquet , Flavio Briatore and Pat Symonds , it has emerged that Alonso was not involved in any of the tactics .
AUTOSPORT understands that Alonso was interviewed at the Belgian Grand Prix as part of the FIA investigation into exactly what took place in Singapore last year .
Sources have revealed that he told the stewards , plus representatives of the Quest agency and lawyers Sidley Austin LLP , that he was unaware that Piquet planned to crash deliberately early in the race .
It is understood that Alonso told the investigators that he had accepted his strategy to stop so early in the race simply because he wanted an ' aggressive ' approach to the event .
A report submitted ahead of the FIA 's World Motor Sport Council hearing into the matter , which takes place in Paris on September 21 , confirms that Alonso " knew nothing of the alleged plan to cause a deliberate crash . "
Sources have also revealed that race engineers at Renault were also unaware of any plan for Piquet to crash - with some of them having also been interviewed in Belgium .
It is understood that one engineer even questioned Piquet after the Singapore race about exactly what happened when he spun into the wall on lap 14 of the race .
The Brazilian replied that he had simply lost control of the car .
There was also some debate on the pit wall during the race when Alonso was brought into the pits on lap 12 of the race - which was earlier than his fuel load would have allowed him to go .
Radio transcripts of the race , which have been obtained by the FIA , show that director of engineering Symonds did not share the concerns of fellow team members about making such an early stop - telling the team : " No , no , it 's going to be alright . "
Piquet claims that in the pre-race meeting in Singapore he was asked to crash deliberately in the race to help Alonso win , while Symonds and Briatore are both adamant that the idea came from the Brazilian driver himself .
Renault has said it will issue no comment about the matter prior to the FIA hearing later this month .
Microsoft has bought the Teamprise assets from SourceGear LLC .
Teamprise software lets Java developers using Eclipse - based IDEs or developers leveraging operating systems including Unix , Linux , and Mac OS X build applications via Visual Studio TFS .
Microsoft says that development organizations will benefit from increased integration in heterogeneous environments , as well as reduced time and complexity associated with application development tasks .
Functionality from the Teamprise Client Suite will be integrated into the Visual Studio product line beginning with Visual Studio 2010 .
“ We know our customers face daily challenges with management , collaboration and development in heterogeneous environments .
The industry must take steps to make interoperability a stronger business asset for our customers , ” said S. Somasegar , senior vice president of the Developer Division at Microsoft .
“ With the acquisition of the Teamprise assets , we ’re taking a step forward on this journey , providing customers with a viable cross-platform development solution that will help produce business results more quickly . ”
Today , application development in heterogeneous environments often requires use of multiple , disconnected toolsets and skills for each platform , additional custom work to foster compatibility and extra time to ensure collaboration .
“ For nearly four years , we have made it our mission to deliver strong , best - of - breed tools to our customers for cross- platform development , ” said Corey Steffen , general manager , Teamprise , a division of SourceGear .
“ By joining forces with Microsoft , we see an opportunity to further our mission — and customers ’ benefits — by fostering joint innovation between Teamprise solutions and Team Foundation Server . ”
The army helped Andry Rajoelina come to power
Madagascar 's leader Andry Rajoelina has dismissed the prime minister he named in a power - sharing deal in October .
The move comes just two days after he called parliamentary elections for March 2010 .
Mr Rajoelina said on Wednesday that it was no longer possible to work with his political rivals .
The move is likely to anger international mediators and further jeopardise hopes for a solution to the island 's political crisis .
Mr Rajoelina , a former DJ who came to to power with military backing earlier this year , had appointed Eugene Mangalaza under heavy international pressure as part of a power - sharing deal signed with his political rivals .
But that deal and others have fallen through as Mr Rajoelina and three former presidents bicker over the division of key jobs in a power - sharing government .
The presidential decree named Cecile Manorohanta as the new head of the government .
Obama is " slandering " CIA
Liz Cheney , the daughter of the former vice president , says President Barack Obama is “ slandering ” the CIA in speeches on foreign soil .
Speaking on “ Fox News Sunday , ” Cheney gave a qualified endorsement of Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize speech , but she said there were segments with which she staunchly disagreed .
“ As we see this president repeatedly go onto foreign soil and accuse America of having tortured people [ and ] talk about Guantanamo Bay as an abandonment of our ideals , that part of the speech , to me , is really — is nothing short of shameful , ” said Cheney , whose father , Vice President Dick Cheney , was the Bush administration official most closely associated with such tough U.S. tactics .
“ And it ’s not just an attack on political opponents , it really is casting apersions and , I would say , slandering the men and women in the CIA who carried out key programs that kept us safe , ” Cheney asserted .
The Justice Department will no longer go after medical marijuana users in states where the substance is partially legal .
At about the same time as the Obama administration made headlines for that move , Gallup announced that a recent poll has found the greatest - ever number of Americans in support of legalizing marijuana .
But still , marijuana activists in California , a state with dire budget problems , have been unable to succeed in a long effort to regulate and tax marijuana to raise money for the state .
( see previous post here ) .
Baby steps toward state - wide legalization might come in the form of tax increases for medical marijuana at the local level ( PBS reports here ) .
If those policies prove to be big windfalls for those towns , the state legislature will probably take notice .
Canonical title
Original publication date
Epigraph
Dedication To Stanley
First words
The drought had lasted now for ten million years , and the reign of the terrible lizards had long since ended .
Here on the Equator , in the continent which would one day be known as Africa , the battle for existence had reached a new climax of ferocity , and the victor was not yet in sight .
Behind every man now alive stand thirty ghosts , for that is the ratio by which the dead outnumber the living .
( Foreword )
Quotations " I 'm not going to do that , Dave . "
Look Dave , I can see you 're really upset about this .
I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly , take a stress pill , and think things over .
Now they were lords of the galaxy , and beyond the reach of time .
They could rove at will among the stars , and sink like a subtle mist through the very interstices of space .
But despite their godlike powers , they had not wholly forgotten their origin , in a worm slime of a vanished sea .
Last words
He was back , precisely where he wished to be , in the space that men called real .
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice
Do not under any circumstances combine the film adaptation ( DVDs and other video recordings ) with the book .
These are considered separate and distinct works for LibraryThing cataloging .
Also please be careful when editing and deleting information in Common Knowledge , since this is common data that affects everyone in Library Thing .
Publisher 's editors
Blurbers
Original language English
Hasta para ser villano hay que saber ser elegante .
No sólo en México .
Con lo sucedido este martes , 17 de noviembre , Veracruz se suma a los estados de la República Mexicana que han aprobado o asentado de manera definitiva la penalización del aborto en sus respectivas Constituciones .
Salvo por algunas manifestaciones locales , esta forma sigilosa de imponer una visión sobre la vida y el cuerpo a toda una sociedad ha ido encontrando sus espacios de propagación .
Porque el debate - que no se ha dado - sobre el aborto es sobre todo un desencuentro de creencias y de verdades asumidas .
Muy difícil lograr lo que algunos han reclamado recientemente al presidente Obama : una confluencia equilibrada de posiciones antagónicas .
Los extremos sólo se tocan en la lejanía de la que parten : quienes no admiten matices no aceptarán jamás sentarse a la mesa con el otro .
Y háganle como puedan .
El 4 de octubre , Yasuri Zac - Nicté Pool Mayorga sufrió un aborto espontáneo en su casa , ubicada en Quintana Roo , península del sureste mexicano .
Por cierto , Zac - Nicté significa " flor blanca " en lengua maya , sólo para ubicarnos en el escenario descrito .
En el hospital al que la trasladó su familia , a Zac - Nicté le practicaron un legrado .
Y de ahí , fue a dar a prisión .
Porque en ese estado mexicano , el aborto es un delito que se persigue de oficio .
Aparentemente , según narran la implicada y su madre , el aborto se dio porque ambas movían un ropero de un lado al otro de la casa .
Como fuere , Zac - Nicté acabó en prisión , acusada de homicidio doloso .
La liberaron más de dos semanas después , por falta de pruebas acusatorias .
Pero el drama humano ya había tocado la esfera pública , de aquellos que juzgan desde sus creencias la humanidad de la otra .
El 17 de noviembre , el periodista Mario Campos entrevista en la radio al diputado veracruzano Leopoldo Torres García .
Ese día estaba programada la votación , en el Congreso local , de la iniciativa que permitiría asentar en la Constitución la protección de la vida " desde su concepción " .
El diputado
Torres se explaya , y en algún momento afirma que se busca impedir lo que sucediera antes en la Ciudad de México ( donde se aprobó tiempo ha la despenalización del aborto ) .
Rotundo , el diputado dice : el Distrito Federal se ha convertido en la " Capital del Aborto " .
Me quedé esperando los rayos y centellas que debían acompañar una sentencia de ese calibre .
Pero bueno , para desternillarse uno de la risa , si todo esto no fuese tan dramático .
El debate sobre el aborto no es ni nuevo , ni propio de cultura alguna .
Los medios recogen , por ejemplo , el rechazo de una parte del clero estadounidense cuando a Obama se le confirió el Doctorado Honoris Causa en la católica Universidad de Notre Dame .
Y este mismo diario publica una reflexión sobre el encuentro entre Obama y Benedicto XVI con base en un triunfo civilizatorio : la posibilidad de dialogar desde un mínimo común .
En el caso que nos atañe , según refiere José Bono : reducir los abortos y regular la objeción de conciencia .
Más apuntes han aportado Umberto Eco , en su momento , y Giovanni Sartori cuando echan mano de Santo Tomás de Aquino para referir que si el embrión sólo tiene " alma sensitiva " no es ser humano por no habérsele sido infundida el " alma racional " .
El debate de Eco , y de Sartori , lleva la carga irónica de contraponer a la Iglesia con una de sus máximas autoridades históricamente hablando .
Pero bueno , lo rescatable , en todo caso , es el debate .
Lo execrable , siempre , la ausencia del mismo , y la imposición burda y autoritaria de una visión sobre otra simplemente porque quien lo hace , puede hacerlo .
Si alguien planeó el camino de lo que está sucediendo en México , habremos de reconocer que le está saliendo bien .
Dicen algunos que es la Iglesia ; la Derecha ; la Iglesia y la Derecha ; los partidos mayoritarios : la Iglesia , la Derecha y los partidos mayoritarios .
Otros aseguran que la aprobación de estas leyes que penalizan el aborto en casi dos decenas de estados mexicanos responde a fines electorales y a búsquedas por reconciliarse con un electorado simpatizante con estas causas .
Yo digo que así como ha venido sucediendo es , sobre todo , una manifestación descarnada de un autoritarismo ramplón que encuentra en la imposición de verdades su única razón de ser .
Referirse a la " concepción " aleja la posibilidad de hablar de salud pública , de prevención , de razonar pues .
En algún lugar del Bajío mexicano , una jovencita queda embarazada .
La noche de pasión que vivió ni fue tal , y el muchacho que la acompañó dejó de hacerlo .
Ella , mayor de edad , decide abortar .
Termina en la cárcel .
Son , en apariencia , los propios médicos quienes la denuncian .
Nuevamente , porque pueden .
Porque las legislaciones recientemente aprobadas así lo permiten , es más , lo fomentan .
Y mientras , desde la Ciudad de México , la Iglesia católica se pronuncia : uno de los candidatos a presidir la Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos - que renovó liderazgo este mes- no cuenta con su aval ; es pro-abortista , así , porque se les antojó el calificativo .
Lo que ha faltado en México , como también en otros lugares , es debate y deliberación , es encontrar ese espacio que permita un mínimo común .
Y ha faltado que muchas más voces se pronuncien , que ese # derechoadecidir que ya circula por el ciberespacio se amplifique , que denuncien esta forma casi rastrera en que , de estado en estado , se han ido aprobando las leyes anti-aborto al grado de estar ya en situación de poder buscar la federalización de las mismas .
Rastrero , sí , porque hasta para ser villano hay que saber ser elegante .
Mínimo .
You might remember when we shared a cool way to make light - based art with an LED flashlight and a long camera exposure .
Take it a step further by creating not just a light art picture , but an animated movie .
Advertisement
How to paint with light DIY web site Instructables details how to use your digital camera in a long exposure mode to paint …
Read more
The process is simple in concept , but pretty ambitious in what you can create .
How ambitious ?
" Lucky " by All India Radio , is the viewable blood , sweat and tears of Australian based animation company ‘ Dee Pee Studios ' .
It involves a painstaking animation technique , whereby the team paints in the air with glow sticks , frame after to frame to create entire sequences of animation , usually taking a whole night to shoot .
Advertisement
Check out the video below to see their light - art masterpiece :
Once you 've shot your hundreds of light - art pictures , you 'll need a way to animate them .
You 'll find plenty of simple animation tools online like previously reviewed PhotoLapse , more than adequate for turning your SD card 's bounty into a glowing animated movie .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Stellar Light Graffiti [ via Make ]
UNDER THE DOME
Production on season two of Under the Dome is officially underway with Stephen writing the first episode , Executive Producing and consulting on set .
The News Feed below will track all developments regarding the production and broadcast of the highly anticipated second season .
UTD returns to CBS this summer .
Stay tuned .
The complete first season is available on Amazon.com free to subscribers of their Prime service .
Based on Stephen 's thought - provoking novel , the series chronicles the lives of Chester 's Mill 's many residents as they struggle to survive under a mysterious dome cutting them off from the outside world .
Produced by Steven Spielberg 's Amblin Entertainment and scheduled for thirteen episodes , Under the Dome aired on CBS at 10:00 - 11:00 PM , ET / PT on Monday nights .
The complete first season of UTD is now available on Amazon.com free to subscribers of their Prime service .
The health bill that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is bringing to a vote ( H.R. 3962 ) is 1,990 pages .
Here are some of the details you need to know .
What the government will require you to do :
• Sec. 202 ( p. 91-92 ) of the bill requires you to enroll in a " qualified plan . "
If you get your insurance ...
Of the many economies that gorged on debt in the boom years , Dubai stood out .
In the space of a few years the emirate ’s investment arm , Dubai World , racked up $ 59 billion in debt , borrowing to build lavish developments like a giant island shaped like a palm tree to entice celebrities like Brad Pitt , and to invest in glittery properties like the MGM Grand Casino in Las Vegas .
Now that the boom has gone bust , both in Dubai and in the United States , Dubai is stuck with a glut of real estate that no one wants to buy or rent .
Creditors and markets had always assumed that when push came to shove , its oil - rich neighbor Abu Dhabi would bail out Dubai .
But that assumption was called into question this week , and the resulting fear that Dubai might not be able to pay its bills sent a wave of uncertainty rippling through markets just as investors thought the worst of the global financial instability was over .
The anxiety reached Wall Street on Friday , sending the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 150 points , as investors worried about hidden debt bombs in other countries and institutions  heavily indebted nations like Greece and even Britain , high - flying emerging markets and even European and American banks that had lent Dubai money .
In a worst - case contagion , Bank of America analysts wrote Friday , “ One can not rule out  as a tail - risk  a case where this would escalate into a major sovereign default problem , which would then resonate across global emerging markets in the same way that Argentina did in the early 2000s or Russia in the late 1990s . ”
" There is only one thing in this world , and that is to keep acquiring money and more money , power and more power .
All the rest is meaningless . "
Napoleon Bonaparte
Former Senator Fritz Hollings wrote a piece for the Huffington Post asking why we are still in Afghanistan since our wars are producing more terrorists than they kill .
He started off well , but sidestepped the geopolitic grown up talk that America never had about why we killed a million Iraqis and whey we are still in Afghanistan .
It certainly has nothing to do with threats to our security .
If that was the case , we would have invaded North Korea after they fired missiles over Japan .
And it had nothing to do with 9/11 since al Qaeda was financed and given logistical support by Saudi Arabia and Pakistan , the latter going as far as evacuating top al Qaeda leaders from Tora Bora when we had them cornered there .
If we did n't go after those two nations , it 's hard to believe that having our troops in Afghanistan has anything to do with 9/11 .
Instead , it is more likely we are in Afghanistan because someone thinks they can make a lot of money there , from the Trans Afghanistan Pipeline and so Wall Street can continue to collect the income from the Heroin poppies , just as the British did when they tried to force Afghan opium on the Chinese way back in the Opium War , and just as Bush was trying to force oil laws favorable to oil companies on Iraq , so they could collect up to 88 % of the income from Iraq 's tens of trillion of dollars worth of oil .
Energy companies courting the Taliban for a pipeline from Turkmenistan through Afghanistan and Pakistan to take natural gas to India ended shortly before 9/11 .
In 2006 , India was concerned about continuing the project until America gave assurances that we would protect the pipeline .
The drug story is even less well - known , though the New York Times did cover the story of the Afghan president 's brother being one of the largest drug smugglers in the country .
When Britain controlled Afghanistan , they owned the poppy trade .
When the French owned Indochina , they owned the poppy trade there .
Once we allied with the fundamentalists in Afghanistan in the 80's , drugs started flowing out of there , through Pakistan , and to the US .
Do you suppose our leaders and business people are so pure they are n't getting a cut of that ?
Wall Street has a bad habit of covering up their incompetence as businessmen with drug money .
The BCCI money laundering scandal involved some of the wealthiest and most powerful people in the country , profiting from drug trafficking and handling money for terrorists .
The New York Times and even PBS has even covered this drug money laundering business , and if you googled the name of your favorite big bank , you would more likely than not find they have been involved .
John Kerry has documented CIA drug dealing , confirming the work of San Jose Mercury News Reporter , Gary Webb 's uncovering of the Contras selling cocaine that flooded America 's inner cities .
The CIA itself has an odd history of picking a fair number of directors who came not from the intelligence community but from Wall Street or corporations .
Like corporate lawyer John Foster Dulles or oil man George HW Bush .
So it would make sense that the agency is looking after business more than our security .
It is about money .
I appreciate Hollings asking the question , but he should have provided part of the real answer too .
And I guess it would be too much to ask that our new president set aside the propaganda bullshit about our various military operations , tell us who profits from them , and what if anything the average American gets out of them , so we could make an informed decision about whether to support killing people in dirt huts with our troops and our tax dollars , and nineteen and twenty year old American kids coming home in aluminum coffins .
SUPPORTING LINKS
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This story first appeared on the ProPublica website .
Pundits and politicians from both sides of the fence have been hollering themselves blue about a potential public health care option .
Instead of relying on private insurers , the government would insure people itself .
The idea is that if a government - run option were offered to compete with private insurers , it could help keep pricing in check and ensure quality .
Two of the three health care reform bills in Congress have a public option .
What might a public option look like in practice ?
One way to find out is to look at what ’s already out there .
About a third of Americans already get health care from a publicly administered program .
From celebrated programs like the VA ’s or the military ’s , to the troubled ones like the Indian Health Services , here ’s a snapshot of how they actually work :
TRICARE
The good : TRICARE is n’t an insurance program — it ’s considered a government benefit for active members of the military , retirees and their families .
This means that if you qualify , you ’re automatically covered , regardless of pre-existing conditions .
And if you use TRICARE Prime , which operates like an HMO and is the most popular option , there are no out - of - pocket fees so long as you go to a Military Treatment Facility .
The bad :
If you enroll in TRICARE Prime , which charges non-active - duty members $ 230 a year , there are just nominal out - of - pocket expenses to visit non-military providers .
But if you only have the default coverage , TRICARE Standard , the fees can be steep .
Inpatient costs for civilian facilities under the Standard plan , for instance , are $ 535 a day .
The ugly : Walter Reed .
Veterans Health Administration
The good : Like TRICARE , it ’s a government benefit , so if you qualify , you ’re in .
In many cases , that means you ’re exempt from co-pays and deductibles .
If not , costs are comparable to Medicare ’s .
And unlike veterans of previous wars , if you served in Iraq or Afghanistan , the VA will cover you even if you were not injured , because it now recognizes that it can take a few years for symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder to show .
What ’s more , you ca n’t knock the product — the VA is known for its high standard of care .
The bad :
If you do n’t sign up within five years of discharge , you ’re out of luck .
The ugly : Enrollment has boomed in recent years , because of an influx of vets from Iraq and Afghanistan .
But the budget has n’t kept pace .
In the last 10 years , the VA ’s medical spending per veteran increased 23 percent , from $ 4,374 to $ 5,390 .
But health care costs have inflated by 50 percent .
Taking that into account , the VA is actually spending $ 1,184 less on each veteran now .
Indian Health Service
The good :
If you ’re a member of one of the country ’s 564 American Indian and Alaska Native tribes — or a descendant — you are automatically enrolled ( although no dice for tribes that are n’t federally recognized ) .
To receive services , you have to live on or next to a reservation , and you can visit , for free , any of the IHS or tribal - run hospitals or clinics .
The bad :
The coverage is better than nothing … but just barely .
Each year IHS receives about $ 600 million for Contract Health Services , which covers any services outside the IHS system .
In places where IHS already has a hospital , this might pay for visits to a specialist .
In locations that just have clinics , the funds have to cover more .
But the problem is , the money runs out every year .
So if you need to see your cardiologist , get a mammogram or get a colonoscopy , you ’d better ask for it in January .
Because by March , funds for these will start running low .
By June , they will have run dry .
( This was explained to us by Elmer Brewster of IHS , who also explained it to Slate . )
The ugly : Let ’s look at the numbers — American Indians ’ life expectancy is 2.4 years less than the overall average , and their infant mortality rate is 8.5 per 1,000 live births , as opposed to 6.8 for the entire country .
They are six times as likely to die from tuberculosis , and nearly twice as likely to die from diabetes .
Of course , there are multiple factors explaining why Native Americans have more health problems , but health care coverage is likely one of them :
While the average health care expenditure in the U.S. is about $ 6,000 per person , IHS shells out just $ 2,100 .
Healthcare Group of Arizona
The good :
The state of Arizona started this program in the 1980s to offer more affordable health insurance to businesses with between two and 50 employees , allowing them to choose from three managed - care options .
The bad :
The program operated in the red from 2004 to 2007 .
While it ’s back in the black , that is in part because the plans with the lowest deductibles were eliminated .
So , where there used to be zero and $ 500 deductibles , now most are close to $ 2,000 .
The ugly : Even the administrator of the program admits that it might not be the most affordable option .
For a small business with a young , healthy staff , you ’ll do much better on the private market , the administrator , Monica Coury , told us .
Medicare
The good : Taking Part D ( the confusing prescription drug program that ’s administered by private programs ) out of the picture , people are basically happy with Medicare .
The fees are pretty low , and you can go to any health provider that accepts Medicare — which means most providers .
And studies show that Medicare ’s administrative costs are low compared with those of privately run programs .
The bad :
There ’s a lot of evidence of wasteful care .
The program spends about $ 10 billion annually in payments to suppliers of medical equipment , but an inspector general for the program estimated last year that as much as $ 2.8 billion of that was waste .
Meanwhile , take a look at the discrepancies in how much patients cost the system .
In 2006 in Des Moines , Iowa , Medicare doled out an average of $ 6,335 in reimbursements per enrollee .
The same year in Miami , that average was $ 16,351 .
The ugly :
It ’s really , really expensive .
In 2008 , Medicare funding accounted for more than 13 percent of the federal budget , coming in at a whopping $ 391 billion .
( For the sake of comparison , 2 percent of the budget was spent on education ) .
Because it ’s an entitlement program , there ’s no way to limit the number of people who qualify , so as baby boomers age into the system , expect to see that budget balloon even more .
Medicaid
The good :
More than 50 million low - income people who might otherwise go without insurance have it because of this program .
It ’s state - administered , meaning eligibility can differ , but typically , if you ’re low - income , have children , or are disabled , you qualify .
The bad :
Because states decide eligibility , you may qualify in one state , but not in others .
For instance , in New York , someone making less than $ 706 a month qualifies .
In Georgia , the bar is set at $ 235 .
Of course , cost of living varies geographically too , but eligibility differences go beyond just income .
In some states , if you do n’t have children , or are n’t pregnant , you may not qualify at all .
One reason for this is a Medicaid waiver program that started during the Bush administration , which allowed states to skirt federal guidelines in order to cut costs and , in theory , better serve the states ’
Medicaid population .
( You can check out waivers in your state here . )
The ugly :
As the economy has tanked , more people have joined Medicaid , which has squeezed already tight budgets .
Many states have used stimulus funds to supplement their budgets .
But when the funds run out , it ’s unclear what will happen to the program , which accounts for more than one - fifth of total state spending .
In part one we saw how to obtain the data to analyze , the heap dumps .
Now we are looking into a nice plugin for the Eclipse IDE for analyzing the dumps .
Compared to the basic tools described in the previous article Memory Analyzer Tool ( MAT ) offers better usability , performance and some high level analysis and report tools .
After you open a hprof heap dump with MAT it will generate index files for faster access to all the data you are interested in and show an overview with nice charts .
From here you have access to other views and features :
The histogram is somewhat similar to what jHat offers .
It allows you to browse , sort and filter the object instances in memory and shows you instance count and the shallow heap ( memory used only by this object instance ) and retained heap ( memory used by this object instance including referenced objects ) .
From the context menu you can choose “ Merge Shortest Paths to GC roots ” to see the reference chain of an object all the way up to the classloader .
Here we can see that the JDateChooser registers itself at the MenuSelection Manager as a listener which can cause serious memory leaks as described in another post about Java memory handling .
is somewhat similar to what jHat offers .
It allows you to browse , sort and filter the object instances in memory and shows you instance count and the shallow heap ( memory used only by this object instance ) and retained heap ( memory used by this object instance including referenced objects ) .
From the context menu you can choose “ Merge Shortest Paths to GC roots ” to see the reference chain of an object all the way up to the classloader .
Here we can see that the JDateChooser registers itself at the as a listener which can cause serious memory leaks as described in another post about Java memory handling .
The dominator tree allows you to quickly identify the biggest objects and what they reference .
Again , using the context menu on an item in the list offers many options to dive deeper into the analysis .
allows you to quickly identify the biggest objects and what they reference .
Again , using the context menu on an item in the list offers many options to dive deeper into the analysis .
The object inspector gives you detailed information about the selected objects like shallow and retained size , its fields and the class loader by whom it was loaded .
gives you detailed information about the selected objects like shallow and retained size , its fields and the class loader by whom it was loaded .
The leak suspects report tries to give you some high level hints about possible causes of memory problems of your application .
tries to give you some high level hints about possible causes of memory problems of your application .
The component report provides some very interesting statistics about Strings and collection usage which might be worth looking at if you are not hunting down leaks but trying to reduce overall memory usage .
You can even get performance hints when many overfull HashMaps are detected or there are many empty collections which could be better lazily created .
I personally am using the histogram and the dominator tree the most because I am a technical guy and like to hunt down the problems in the code .
Nevertheless the reports may show use other valuable aspects which you did not think of before .
The MAT team are expanding the tools nicely on that side so that the benefit of these reports is ever increasing .
It is very likely that when you analyze large heap dumps you may need to increase the Java heap size for Eclipse by using the - vmargs - Xmx < memory size > parameter .
That way you are able to analyze big heaps > 500 M relatively fast and comfortable .
For some live demo take a look at a webinar by some of SAPs Eclipse MAT committers .
Trampoline
56 % - 34321 Votes
Trampoline is a very addicting game .
Play this free online game right now for hours and hours !
It does n't require a Leap of faith to support the growing calls for a radical rethink of policy on drugs and in particular on the decriminalisation of cannabis .
Leap does n't base its case on faith but on solid experience , hard facts and proven science .
Leap — Law Enforcement Against Prohibition — is a non-profit educational organisation in the US , its membership drawn from former and serving police officers and other law enforcement agents as well as lawyers , including a number of retired judges .
Founded seven years ago by five retired drugs officers , it now claims 10,000 members in a total of 38 states .
It runs a bureau supplying speakers to advocate the decriminalisation of drugs at conferences , rotary clubs , community groups , high school and college debates and so forth .
Its director , Jack Cole , served 26 years in the New Jersey state police , including 14 in the narcotics bureau .
These are not left - over hippies or natural libertarians but former frontline combatants in the war on drugs who have learnt that the war is unwinnable and doing more harm than good .
Leap defines its mission : “ To reduce the multitude of harms resulting from fighting the war on drugs and to lessen the rates of death , disease , crime and addiction by ultimately ending drug prohibition . ”
The emergence of Leap has been a factor in shifting the axis of argument over drugs policy in the US .
Facilities licensed to supply cannabis for medical reasons are increasingly and openly broadening their customer base to encompass an ever - widening range of ailments .
Additional evidence of changing attitudes came last month when the Denver Westword — a weekly with a 100,000 - plus circulation — advertised for a critic to write a column , ‘ Mile Highs and Lows ’ , checking out Colorado 's hundreds of legalised cannabis dispensaries .
“ The reviewer will be expected to rate the service , and ambience in the outlets , and help readers negotiate the often bewildering variety of marijuana products on sale , ” explained editor Joe Tone .
Things to do in Denver if you 're dead lucky : get the job as pub-spy for pot -heads .
Meanwhile , evidence on this side of the Atlantic mounts — if evidence for a proposition which has already been conclusively proven can be said to mount — of the deadly dangers of alcohol , particularly to young people , compared to the relative safety of cannabis .
Last month Professor Chris Hawkey , president of the British Society of Gastroenterology , introduced new research suggesting that the next decade will see 90,000 people dying prematurely in Britain as a result of |alcohol .
There seem to be no comparable specific figures for Ireland north or south , but we can reasonably assume a similar situation .
He added : “ A third of patients on ( gastroenterology ) wards are alcoholics — and these days many are in their 20s and 30s . ”
In contrast , the number of deaths attributed to marijuana in these islands last year was nil .
Same as the year before .
Same as this year will turn out .
A society seriously trying to get to grips with its drugs problem , especially as it affects the young , would be trumpeting this distinction between a safe and a killer drug .
Instead , day in and day out , teenagers and others are urged to believe that marijuana poses a grave danger , while alcohol , used ‘ responsibly ’ , will make life fuller and more enjoyable .
People are being lied to .
It is my experience that many here , including elected representatives , who publicly assert implacable opposition to the decriminalisation of marijuana , will concede in private that the ban makes no sense .
But , they go on to say that to call openly for decriminalisation is to ‘ send the wrong message ’ .
But it 's the fact that marijuana is banned which sends the wrong message .
When young people realise , as they will , that they are being lied to about marijuana , they are likely to believe that they are being misled about heroin , too .
‘ Irresponsibility ’ scarcely covers it .
There are powerful forces with vested interests in maintaining skewed attitudes to drugs , most obviously the alcohol industry .
If a substance cheaper , less harmful and more enjoyable than alcohol were easily available , the profits of the booze business would be at risk .
In Northern Ireland , in this specific matter , paramilitary organisations , too , have a compelling interest in stifling debate .
For as long as communities can be spooked into believing that puffing a joint will lead to personal | catastrophe , for so long will hysteria about drugs persist and punishment shooters - and - beaters have a role .
Would the Derry - based outfit styling itself Republican Action Against Drugs be able to get away with dragging a man from his distraught family at Bluebellhill Gardens and maiming him with bullets in the public street if there was a rational debate under way about how to assess and to deal with the problem of drugs abuse ?
The possibility of rational debate was hardly enhanced by the ignorant belligerence of Home Secretary Alan Johnston last week in sacking Professor David Nutt as chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs , not for expressing an opinion contrary to the Government 's but for voicing facts which the Government — and the main opposition parties — would rather not acknowledge .
Neither the Home Secretary nor anyone who has supported the sacking has challenged the accuracy of the professor 's statistics or the logic of the case which he has argued from the statistics .
Who among our local politicians will be first to show respect for the people and speak the truth ?
Belfast Telegraph
In this week ’s issue of the magazine , Christine Kenneally wrote about the wildfires that ravaged Australia earlier this year .
( The entire article is available online ; nonsubscribers can pay to access it . )
In the arid Australian climate , fires are a constant , and residents have often dealt with them by staying put and confronting the fire .
But this year ’s devastation — which reached its climax on February 7th , known as Black Saturday — has led many Australians to reëxamine their assumptions , and maybe even import American notions of safety and fire management .
We spoke about the aftermath of Black Saturday , the impact of global warming , and how to escape a fire that can destroy an entire town .
Bruce Ackerman , one of the main subjects of your piece , is a plumber who , as the wildfire approached , rushed back to his house so he could keep it from burning down .
And he did , even though he ’s not a firefighter .
How common is that in Australia ?
The Australian ethos is that houses can be saved from bushfire if people are there to save them , and before Black Saturday this has generally been true .
Bruce ’s firefighting skill is not that uncommon .
There ’s a palpable sense of shared responsibility in the Victorian countryside , and there are tens of thousands of emergency - services volunteers .
These volunteers learn a lot about fire , and they in turn educate members of their families and communities .
Many volunteers end up staffing firetrucks and fighting fires themselves .
Still , I learned from Bruce that survival is not just about the skills ; you need real grit to execute them in the face of terror .
This turned out to be true of a surprising number of professionals and volunteers that I met while reporting .
How is the Australian approach to fighting wildfires different from the American approach ?
Volunteerism is one difference .
An American firefighter I spoke to in Australia said that he ’d never seen so many unpaid firefighters before .
Evacuation is another .
Americans may be forcibly evacuated from their homes , but this does n’t happen in Australia .
I sat in on a informational session for some Americans who ’d come to help out , and one of the instructors told them , “ You are never to use the word ‘ evacuate ’ in this country .
It ’ll just cause panic and more death . ”
The Americans in that room themselves represented another big difference .
They were Burned Area Emergency Recovery ( BAER ) units .
A collection of biologists , geologists , hydrologists , and other fire specialists , a BAER unit assesses the multitude of ways that fires affect landscapes , and suggests remedies .
BAER teams have operated in the United States since the nineteen - seventies , but they have only just begun international exchanges .
Their intensive focus on rehabilitation and recovery in a post - fire zone was completely new to Australia , and their ideas were received with gratitude .
Of course , the challenges that fire specialists experience in a burned or burning landscape are different in each country , too .
I do n’t know too much about what American firefighters need to be wary of , but in Australia , everyone in the bush must keep an eye out for poisonous spiders , European wasps , “ jumping jacks ” ( large , yellow - jawed black ants that attack en masse and bite through protective gloves ) , poisonous snakes , falling eucalyptus trees ( known as widowmakers , for their tendency to topple after fires ) , and random mine shafts sunk over a hundred years ago by gold prospectors .
How do you think Black Saturday changed things ?
Much is being reëxamined here — decision - making , communication , even the science of how fires like these unfold .
In addition to changes in the “ stay or go policy ” that I describe in the article , there has been a lot of talk about using plainer language in public - service announcements .
Instead of warning that a fire could be “ dangerous , ” future announcements will state that “ people may die . ”
Less quantifiably , there has been a change in our collective sense of what ’s possible .
I talked to a lot of people from the Department of Sustainability and Environment .
You would n’t guess it from the name , but these guys are the government ’s firefighters .
They were about as tough and knowledgeable as it gets , yet when I spoke to them in the days following Black Saturday , they all described a profound sense of shock about the speed , damage , and behavior of this fire .
And if the experts were surprised , then the rest of us were much more so .
Unfortunately , there remain people who are reluctant to change .
How do people in Melbourne or Sydney see the fires ?
Is it something they deal with , or something that happens at a distance ?
One country person I spoke to said that for the first time she felt that Melbournites understood the dangers and anxiety that country people face .
There are a number of reason for this , including the fact that the line between country and city is being erased by urban sprawl .
Twenty years ago , Kinglake and Strathewen — both devastated by the Black Saturday fires — used to be the kind of towns that city - dwellers moved to for a “ tree - change . ”
But now these places are more like outer suburbs of Melbourne .
I suspect that Sydney reached this point a while back .
In 1994 , the whole city was virtually cut off by a fire , and many homes in outer suburbs burned down .
Was global warming a factor in the Black Saturday wildfires ?
Australia has a long history of big fires .
Indigenous Australians are known to have used fire to hunt , to create the right conditions for seed production , and to “ manage fuel loads . ”
Some eucalyptus forests need fire to regenerate .
How the modern human impact on the landscape is contributing to recent fires is not yet known .
The role of global warming will be formally examined in the months ahead by the Royal Commission ’s study of all causes of the fire .
So the short answer right now is “ we do n’t know yet . ”
The long answer will surely include the fact that we seem to be breaking records all the time : record - breaking heat in the summer , record - breaking heat in the winter , record - breaking winds , and record - breaking dryness .
I have also noticed in Royal Commission transcripts many unsolicited observations about how much the countryside has changed in the last twenty years .
One man talked about being able to drive a tractor in the depths of winter over fields where , two decades ago , it would have gotten irretrievably bogged down .
It seems as though a record drought helped make the fires worse , and Australia has been forced to seriously restrict personal water use .
Where are they going to get water in the future ?
Plans are afoot in Victoria for a massive desalination plant .
Additionally , a north - south pipeline that diverts water from country rivers and brings it to the city is currently under construction .
It ’s said the pipeline wo n’t deprive farmers and residents in areas where the water is diverted , but environmental activists argue that both the pipe and the plant will do more damage than good .
Now a lot of people use double - flush toilets and water - efficient shower heads , and even in the inner city many have rain tanks on their roofs .
One of my friends harvests used water from her washing machine for her garden .
Of course , we are all encouraged to use less than a hundred and fifty - five liters per person per day .
This may sound like a lot of water , but if you shower for seven minutes with an inefficient showerhead , you could use almost a hundred liters of water .
If Melbourne is forced to move to the next level of water restrictions , there will be no outside watering ( not gardens , sports grounds , cars ) at any time .
Somewhat miraculously , over the last three weeks we have had completely unexpected heavy rain .
A few of Melbourne ’s smaller reservoirs are full for the first time in years and years .
This is unlikely to change the long - term future , but it buys us some time right now .
← Tell Susan G. Komen for the cure to remove Hadassah Lieberman .
Donations to find a cure for cancer should not be used to pay the salary of Hadassah Lieberman , former employee of the pharmaceutical and insurance lobbying complex and wife of Senator Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) , who is pledging to kill health care reform while millions go untreated .
We 're calling on Susan G. Komen for the cure and celebrity donors like Ellen DeGeneres and Christie Brinkley to be mindful of where their money is going .
Sign our letter to Susan G. Komen for the cure :
" I call for Susan G. Komen for the cure to ask Hadassah Lieberman to step down as a compensated " Global Ambassador " for the organization in light of the inherent conflict of interest her continued presence brings . "
Photo via ( AP Photo / Tammie Arroyo )
What is your company about ?
Recently I got inspired by Kathy Sierra , whose blog Creating Passionate Users and Head First series of books revolutionized developer education .
She kept saying the same thing again and again : help your users be awesome .
Kathy taught me that if you ca n’t explain your mission in the form , “ We help $ TYPE_OF_PERSON be awesome at $ THING , ” you are not going to have passionate users .
What ’s your tagline ?
Can you fit it into that template ?
It took us nine years , but we finally worked out what Fog Creek Software is all about , which I ’ll tell you in a moment , but first , some backstory .
In the early days , we were all about making a great place to be a software developer in New York City .
Yep , that was all there was to it .
Almost every software job in the city was terrible .
You had a choice of which kind of terrible .
Want to wear a suit and work long hours under crummy conditions ?
Take a job at a bank .
Want to report to a manic - depressive creative who demands that you stretch HTML in ways that would have you put to death , in certain countries ?
Take a job at a media company .
Want to work 24/ 7 in a basement with water pipes dripping on your head and get paid in worthless stock options ?
Take your pick of the revenue - free dotcom startups .
Why New York , then ?
There are lots of great product companies where software developers are treated very well in Redmond , Washington .
But I was sick of trying to live in lesser cities .
Sure , the Seattle area is beautiful , and green , and clean , and possesses great coffee , and I understand that there are even a couple of grocery stores open late now .
But I ’m staying in New York , because it ’s the greatest city in the world .
I gave up the search , and decided to start a company with my buddy Michael Pryor .
Making a nice place to work was our primary objective .
We had private offices , flew first class , worked 40 hour weeks , and bought people lunch , Aeron chairs , and top of the line computers .
We shared our ingenious formula with the world :
The tagline was “ building the company where the best software developers want to work . ”
It was , to say the least , awkward .
It did n’t make for a good elevator pitch .
It did n’t really have the right format .
“ Abercrombie and Fitch : building the apparel store where the hottest teenagers will want to work . ”
Who cares ?
Not the hot teenagers , I ’ll tell you that .
Anyway we accomplished that goal .
Cross it off the list .
What ’s next ?
We needed a new mission statement .
And it has to be something of the form , “ We help $ TYPE_OF_PERSON be awesome at $ THING . ”
Bells went off .
Everything we ’ve done successfully has one thing in common :
It ’s all about helping software developers be awesome at making software .
That includes Joel on Software , Stack Overflow , all the books I ’ve been writing , the conferences like DevDays and Business of Software , the Jobs Board and Stack Overflow Careers .
It includes our flagship product , FogBugz , which is all about giving developers tools that gently guide them from good to great .
It ’s the software implementation of the philosophy I ’ve been writing about for a decade , lacking only one thing : the feature to replace exceptions with return values , while adding Hungarian prefixes to all variable names .
THAT IS A JOKE , PEEPLE .
Put DOWN the bazooka .
Helping you make more awesome software is why I write endlessly about what we ’re doing at Fog Creek , despite the fact that people accuse me of shilling .
I ’m not writing to promote our products .
You do n’t have to buy our products to get the benefit of reading about my experience designing them and building them and selling them .
I ’m writing to share some of my experiences in case they can help you make better software .
Our focus on helping developers explains why one of our early products , CityDesk , flopped : it had nothing to do with software developers .
And it explains why another of our products , Fog Creek Copilot , only found a market in the niche of software developers doing tech support .
So , here you go , the new tagline : “ We help the world ’s best developers make better software . ”
Going through this exercise made it easy to figure out what belongs in future versions of FogBugz and what does n’t .
In particular , we ’re adding source control and code review features to FogBugz , using Mercurial , the best open - source distributed version control system .
Everything that helps developers make better software belongs in FogBugz : project planning , project management , bug tracking , and customer service .
It took almost ten years , but I think we finally got the mission for the next ten nailed .
Optional Advertainment :
If you ’ve got a moment , check out this 4 ½ minute trailer for Make Better Software , a new video training series we ’ve been working on for more than a year .
It ’s the video edition of Joel on Software and fits perfectly with our agenda of helping developers make great software .
Digital distribution is getting a little more love from some content providers this season as they experiment with releasing digital downloads of shows before the DVDs become available to consumers .
However , this trend remains in the experimental stage , despite years of studios dipping their toes into the simultaneous - and early - release pool , and some providers remain steadfastly against giving the Internet any sort of advantage over their precious ( and dying ) DVD sales .
Two examples of providers who are tipping their hats to online distribution come via the Wall Street Journal .
One is Sony Pictures , which has begun making the animated movie Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs available for rent to the owners of " some Sony TVs and other devices , " even though the film wo n't be on DVD until January 5 .
The same also applies to Showtime 's Weeds .
The producer , Lionsgate Entertainment , chose to put episodes of the latest season online a week before they come out on DVD — a good move , since DVD sales are no longer allowing studios to print money like they used to .
Along the same lines , the hit AMC series Mad Men has been releasing its episodes online the day after airing , like many broadcast network shows — this has kept fans happy and buzz on the Internet strong .
Similarly , other movie studios have spent this year closing the release window between DVD and video on demand ( VOD ) availability through certain VOD services .
Still , this does n't mean that everyone 's getting on board , or that those who are experimenting are doing it in a way that most of us would like .
Weeds fans would have undoubtedly preferred to get those episodes a bit earlier , like when the season was still airing .
Other Showtime shows , such as the latest season of Dexter , have also been infuriatingly missing from the Internet world ( except on P2P networks , of course ) and will probably remain so until the DVDs come out .
By that time , many who would have paid for the episodes online or watched ads for them will have already pirated the entire season just to get their fix .
As an Apple TV owner , I can testify that one of the most frustrating things about the iTunes Store is finding a movie you want to rent and seeing that while it 's available for purchase now , rentals will have to wait for another one , two , or three weeks .
( I guarantee you that 's a good way to ensure that I will walk away and then forget about the movie altogether when that three weeks rolls around . )
That 's on top of the fact that movies that are available for rent or purchase one day may eventually disappear altogether thanks to certain licensing agreements .
This means my friend can't buy the same movie on iTunes that I bought a year ago , even though the movie in question is older and more tired now than when I bought it .
So much for embracing digital distribution .
The reality is that the industry is still feeling out how it wants to handle the Internet , and some studios are more progressive than others .
At some point , however , they will have to converge upon some accepted standard release window for TV shows and movies , and they will have to throw Internet users a few more bones if they want to keep their viewership .
Quick Look : New Super Mario Bros .
Wii
Jeff , Ryan , Vinny , and Brad try their best not to strangle each other .
Sit back and enjoy as the Giant Bomb team takes an unedited look at the latest video games .
Nov. 12 2009
Cast : Jeff , Ryan , Brad , Vinny
Posted by : Vinny
Dear EarthTalk : Has China been making any progress reducing its output of global warming gases , and / or in tackling other environmental problems ?
— Bill W. , Saugus , MA
Decades of rapid - fire development and lack of government oversight has meant that China now faces some serious environmental challenges .
According to research by the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency , China surpassed the United States as the world ’s leading emitter of greenhouse gases in 2006 — and has n’t looked back .
( While the Chinese emit some eight percent more carbon dioxide than their American counterparts , the U.S. still leads the world in greenhouse gas emissions per capita , due to its significantly smaller population size and higher standard of living . )
Beyond its contribution to global warming , China is also a world leader in other forms of pollution , given its huge population and its ambition to become the next international economic superpower .
According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , current levels of air pollution in China far exceed international environmental standards .
A recent analysis found , for example , that the air in some four dozen Chinese cities contained as much as seven times as much particulate pollution — which can get lodged in human lungs and cause a wide range of health problems — as deemed safe by WHO .
But critics say blaming China for its rampant pollution is unfair , given all the manufacturing the world ’s developed countries outsource to Chinese companies .
Qin Gang , China ’s foreign ministry spokesman , refers to China as the “ world ’s factory ” and says : “ A lot of what you use , wear and eat is produced in China …
“ On the one hand , you increase production in China ; on the other hand you criticize China on the emission reduction issue . ”
Yang Ailun of Greenpeace China agrees : “ All the West has done is export a great slice of its carbon footprint to China and make China the world ’s factory . ”
Despite its efforts to go green , China still depends on coal — the dirtiest of all the fossil fuels — for some two - thirds of its energy needs .
Chinese officials have strenuously opposed the binding limits on greenhouse gas emissions set by developing countries , arguing that already industrialized nations are to blame for most of the emissions already in the atmosphere .
According to Isabel Hilton , a journalist with the UK’s Guardian , industrialized countries should feel an obligation to shoulder at least some of the burden of helping China become a greener nation .
“ This means drastically reducing our own emissions and helping China with the finance and technology required to move to a sustainable , low - carbon economic system . ”
There is progress afoot : Meetings between top Chinese and U.S. officials earlier this year led to the creation of a joint research center to address issues related to clean energy , with each country contributing $ 15 million to pay for initial research efforts .
CONTACTS : Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency , www.pbl.nl; World Health Organization , www.who.int; Greenpeace China , www.greenpeace.org/china.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
October 25 , 2009 ∞https://marco.org/2009/10/25/the-more-i-think-and-learn-about-the-curious
The more I think and learn about the curious pricing of the 27 ” iMac , the more bizarre and incredible it seems .
It has a resolution of 2560x1440 , which no other monitor in the industry seems to have ( that I can find ) .
30 ” LCDs are the same width but 1600 tall .
Shrinking 2560 - wide into a screen that ’s 3 ” smaller diagonally yields an impressive pixel density , especially given the panel ’s still - immense size .
It has an IPS panel .
IPS is the best and most expensive LCD type , giving the best viewing angle and the least color - and brightness - shifting as the angle increases in any direction .
Nearly every panel on the market , including every laptop panel , is the cheap TN type .
( TN panels wash out as soon as you move your head slightly , especially vertically , which is why it ’s so hard to find a good viewing angle for your laptop lid while watching a dark movie . )
Other 27 ” TN panels exist ( only at the lower 1920x1080 resolution ) , but I ca n’t find any other 27 ” IPS panels .
It ’s also LED - backlit .
So it ’s a very high - specced , brand new panel that ’s apparently not being mass - produced yet ( since no other monitors for sale are using it ) .
That must be expensive .
How much of the base 27 ” iMac ’s $ 1700 retail cost does this represent ?
The closest existing panel for comparison , spec-wise , is the 30 ” IPS panel that Apple uses in their Cinema Display .
It has the ultra - high resolution and size , but does n’t compete with the 27 ” iMac ’s panel for brightness , contrast , power efficiency , or color range .
It ’s overpriced by today ’s standards at $ 1800 , but not by much — Dell ’s original 30 ” monitor with the same panel is $ 1200 , and a newer version with better specs ( although still not as good as the new iMac ’s ) is $ 1700 .
A standalone monitor with the new iMac ’s panel would be perfectly reasonably priced at about $ 1500 .
From Dell .
Apple ’s only charging $ 200 more than that for theirs , and there ’s an entire high - end computer stuck to the back of it .
When they mentioned on last week ’s quarterly earnings call that they expected lower profit margins for a new product , I do n’t think anyone expected a change of this magnitude .
How are they making anything — or even not losing money — with the base - model 27 ” iMac ?
My guess : a massively successful negotiation with the panel ’s manufacturer ( most likely LG ) to get not only an incredible price on these panels , but also apparent exclusivity for a while .
It ’s a hell of an accomplishment , and presumably a hell of an effort , for a computer that is n’t Apple ’s most - selling model ( or even product line ) .
That raises a more interesting question : Why ?
Until we know why the panel is so cheap , I bet we ’re going to see a lot of Mac Pro owners buying 27 ” monitors for $ 1700 and trying to figure out what to do with the free computer stuck to the back .
For new - computer shopping , a lot of people are going to abandon whichever laptop or Mac Pro they were considering and get this instead .
That helps answer the “ why ” question : Maybe Apple wants to push more buyers away from today ’s default system - type choice — laptops — and show them why they should consider getting a fast , spacious desktop instead .
And , for the time being , it ’s a desktop with absolutely no equivalent in the PC world .
A new print ad for the Hapa Sushi restaurant chain shows its locations among a growing number of medical marijuana stores .
Gaza City ( CNN ) --
Two Palestinian teenagers stroll amid the mounds of rubble left by last year 's Israeli military offensive , listening to the tinny beat of a Turkish pop song playing on a cell phone .
Nadir Mohammed Saleh and Ahmed Fayiz Abed Rabo are cousins and next - door neighbors .
With their gelled hair , buttoned - down shirts and jeans , they look much like any other 16 - year - old Palestinian boy .
But looks ,
Ahmed says , can be deceiving .
" Only my appearance , my haircut and clothing , makes me look like a boy , " Ahmed says , gesturing with his hands across his face .
" Inside , I am like a female .
I am a girl . "
Until last summer , both Nadir and Ahmed were -- for all intents and purposes -- girls .
They wore female headscarves , attended girls ' school and even answered to the female first names Navin and Ola .
Both Nadir and Ahmed were born with a rare birth defect called male pseudohermaphrodism .
Deficiency of the hormone 17 - B - hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase ( 17 - B - HSD ) during pregnancy left their male reproductive organs deformed and buried deep within their abdomens .
At birth , doctors identified Nadir and Ahmed as girls , because they appeared to have female genitalia .
As a result , they spent the first 16 years of their lives dressing and acting like girls .
It was a role that grew increasingly difficult to play , as they hit puberty and their bodies began generating testosterone , resulting in facial hair and increasingly masculine features .
" They used to travel by car to girls ' school and back , " says Nadir 's father Mohammed Sadih Ahmed Saleh .
" Because of their facial hair , it was difficult for them to go out into the street .
Psychologically they were distressed . "
Finally , on June 22 , with the support of their families , both Nadir and Ahmed transformed themselves into boys .
" They transferred on the same day , " Saleh says .
" Clothing , they switched to the other [ boys ' ] school on the same day .
They cut their hair on the same day .
Both of them helped each other get through this crisis . "
There are an unusually high number of male pseudohermaphrodite births in the Gaza neighborhood of Jabalya , where Nadir and Ahmed live .
Dr. Jehad Abudaia , a Canadian - Palestinian pediatrician and urologist practicing in Gaza , says he has diagnosed nearly 80 cases like Nadir 's and Ahmed 's in the last seven years .
" It is astonishing that we have [ so ] many cases with this defect , which is very rare all over the world , " Abudaia says .
He attributes the high frequency of this birth defect to " consanguinity , " or in - breeding .
" If you want to go to the root of the problem , this problem runs in families in the genes . "
Abudaia says .
" They want to get married to cousins ... they do n't go to another family .
This is a problem . "
In Western , more developed countries , doctors typically identify and then operate to correct disorders of sex differentiation at birth .
But in war - torn Gaza , which has a lower standard of medical care , the birth defect can go undetected for years .
" Some of them unfortunately will be discovered late , when they are more than 14 years [ old ] .
When they have been living as a female and they do n't have menstruation , then they will go to the gynecologist , " Abudaia says .
Abudaia 's first advice to patients with the disorder is to immediately adopt male clothing and hair cuts , and then to plan for a sex - change operation .
This unusual ritual has been performed several times in the extended family of Nadir and Ahmed , where sex differentiation is a recurring disorder .
Nadir 's 21 - year - old brother Midyam and his 32 - year - old cousin Ameen Abd Hamed share the same condition of male pseudohermaphrodism .
As adolescents , they too underwent the gender identity transformation process the family refers to as " the transfer . "
The traumatizing experience is all the more difficult because Gaza is a socially - conservative society , where there is a fair amount of segregation between males and females .
" I sat down with Nadir and explained to him how to adapt to the street , how to sit with the guys and talk to them ... because at the beginning his mental state was bad , just like what happened to me , " Ameen says .
" We did not understand what to do , " says Ahmed , one of the 16 - year - olds .
" It was a new life for us , as if we were born again . "
Though Nadir and Ahmed clearly have the love and support of their family , they say that is not enough .
They are appealing to the international community to help them get the expensive and complicated sex - change operations they say they need to live normal lives .
" It 's the only obstacle and the source of all the problems , " Nadir says .
Until the sex - change operation is completed , Palestinian officials wo n't change the gender on their identity cards to " male , " thus restricting their access to higher education .
In addition , Nadir and Ahmed complain of health problems like kidney infections due to complications resulting from the disfigurement of their genitalia .
" This is 100 percent a humanitarian issue , " says Nadir 's father , Mohammed .
" There are four conditions in the same [ extended ] family .
If we propose conducting the same operation on all four of them , the cost would be $ 30,000 .
We do n't have $ 30,000 and there is no advanced medicine in Gaza . "
Until then , these troubled Palestinians say their genders and their identities will remain in conflict , much like the land around them .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The Ilulissat glacier has retreated by approximately 15 km over the past decade
The Greenland ice sheet is losing its mass faster than in previous years and making an increasing contribution to sea level rise , a study has confirmed .
Published in the journal Science , it has also given scientists a clearer view of why the sheet is shrinking .
The team used weather data , satellite readings and models of ice sheet behaviour to analyse the annual loss of 273 thousand million tonnes of ice .
Melting of the entire sheet would raise sea levels globally by about 7 m ( 20 ft ) .
For the period 2000 - 2008 , melting Greenland ice raised sea levels by an average of about 0.46 mm per year .
If you multiply these numbers up it puts us well beyond the IPCC estimates for 2100
Professor Roger Barry Since 2006 , that has increased to 0.75 mm per year .
" Since 2000 , there 's clearly been an accelerating loss of mass [ from the ice sheet ] , " said lead researcher Michiel van den Broeke from Utrecht University in the Netherlands .
" But we 've had three very warm summers , and that 's enhanced the melt considerably .
" If this is going to continue , I can not tell - but we do of course expect the climate to become warmer in the future . "
In total , sea levels are rising by about 3 mm per year , principally because seawater is expanding as it warms .
Sea change Changes to the Greenland sheet and its much larger counterpart in Antarctica are subjects commanding a lot of interest within the scientific community because of the potential they have to raise sea levels to an extent that would flood many of the world 's major cities .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full The 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report projected a sea level rise of 28 - 43 cm during this century .
But it acknowledged this was almost certainly an underestimate because understanding of how ice behaves was not good enough to make reliable projections .
By combining different sources of data in the way it has , and by quantifying the causes of mass loss , the new study has taken a big step forwards , according to Roger Barry , director of the World Data Center for Glaciology at the University of Colorado in Boulder , US .
" I think it 's a very significant paper ; the results in it are certainly very significant and new , " he said .
" It does show that the [ ice loss ] trend has accelerated , and the reported contribution to sea level rise also shows a significant acceleration - so if you multiply these numbers up it puts us well beyond the IPCC estimates for 2100 . "
Professor Barry was an editor on the section of the IPCC report dealing with the polar regions .
On reflection
An ice sheet can lose mass because of increased melting on the surface , because glaciers flow more quickly into the ocean , or because there is less precipitation in the winter so less bulk is added inland .
The new research shows that in Greenland , about half the loss comes from faster flow to the oceans , and the other half from changes on the ice sheet itself - principally surface melting .
The Grace satellites provide a twin eye on gravity at the Earth 's surface Another analysis of satellite data , published in September , showed that of 111 fast - moving Greenland glaciers studied , 81 were thinning at twice the rate of the slow - moving ice beside them .
This indicates that the glaciers are accelerating and taking more ice into the surrounding sea .
Melting on the ice sheet 's surface acts as a feedback mechanism , Dr van den Broeke explained , because the liquid water absorbs more and reflects less of the incoming solar radiation - resulting in a heating of the ice .
" Over the last 10 years , it 's quite simple ; warming over Greenland has caused the melting to increase , and that 's set off this albedo feedback process , " he told BBC News .
" Quite likely the oceans have also warmed , and it's likely that explains the [ acceleration of ] outlet glaciers because they 're warmed from below . "
Data provided over just the last few years by the Grace satellite mission - used in this study - is giving researchers a closer view of regional variations across the territory .
Grace 's twin satellites map gravity at the Earth 's surface in unprecedented detail ; and it is now possible to tease out from the data that most of the mass is being lost in the southeast , southwest and northwest at low elevations where the air will generally be warmer than at high altitudes .
Professor Barry cautioned that the Grace mission , which has produced valuable data about Antarctica as well as Greenland , has only a further two years to run , and that no replacement is currently scheduled .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
US man freed by DNA evidence after 35 years in prison
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A US man has become the longest - serving prisoner to be freed after DNA evidence proved he was innocent of the crime he was convicted of three decades ago .
James
Bain spent 35 years in jail after being found guilty of kidnapping and raping a nine - year - old boy in 1974 .
On his release from prison in Florida on Thursday , he told the BBC he was not angry and his faith had helped him .
He has always maintained his innocence , but was only allowed a review of his case following an appeal .
During his final court hearing signalling his release , Mr Bain wore a T - shirt with the words " Not Guilty " on it .
The 54 - year - old , who was jailed at the age of 19 , told the BBC's World Today programme that he felt very emotional and " extremely great " .
' In God 's hands '
He said his first duty upon his release was to see his mother .
" I felt so good but because of her [ my mother 's ] health I had to go to the house .
She never gave up , the same as [ me ] . "
He said the support of his family and his religious faith had helped him get through his ordeal .
He walked out of the courthouse , a free man , a free man in America
Seth Miller " [ It ] just was the right time for God to release me from this .
I just had to be very patient for that ... I can not feel angry .
I put all that in God 's hands , " he said .
After leaving Polk County courthouse , Mr Bain said he hoped to return to school and he was looking forward to eating fried turkey and drinking Dr Pepper .
The Innocence Project of Florida helped co-ordinate Mr Bain 's release .
It says that he was imprisoned for far longer than any of the other 246 inmates exonerated by DNA evidence across the US .
Mr Bain was freed after filing several petitions asking for his case to be reviewed and DNA tests to be carried out .
Most of these were thrown out but following an order by a judge , test results which came in last week showed Mr Bain was innocent .
He had been convicted mainly on the strength of the victim identifying him out of a line - up , although tests available at the time did not definitely link him to the crime , the Associated Press reported .
Mr Bain said he had been watching television with his twin sister when the crime occurred .
Innocence Project of Project lawyer Seth Miller told the World Today : " He walked out of the courthouse , a free man , a free man in America .
" And the family 's excited to have Jamie back with them and this is the first day of the rest of his life and we 're excited to be able to share it with him . "
Last year Florida passed a law that means Mr Bain is entitled to $ 1.75 m ( £ 1.08 m ) for the time he spent in jail while innocent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEWBRIDGE FROM €110,000 :
High - spec two - bed apartments in the commuter town of Newbridge , which has good road and rail links to the capital , offer good value for money , writes JACK FAGAN
The homes in Capella Court at Langton Cross were originally priced from € 322,000 when the development was first launched in September , 2007 .
Ten of them are currently occupied and the remainder have been completed to a particularly high standard , according to David Brown of selling agent HT Meagher O’Reilly .
The homes are being sold on the instructions of a receiver after the 63 - apartment scheme ran into financial difficulties .
The fact that today ’s asking price is 66 per cent lower than the original 2007 price illustrates how deeply values have fallen in some provincial areas .
Prices in the Dublin suburbs have dropped generally by around 40 per cent and in a few instances by up to 50 per cent .
There are three different apartment types in Capella Court , the smallest with a floor area of 66sq m ( 710 sq ft ) and priced at € 110,000 .
A larger apartment with 72sq m ( 775 sq ft ) will cost € 115,000 while another with 81sq m ( 872sq ft ) is available at € 125,000 .
The three apartment buildings are set around a landscaped courtyard with a basement car - park .
There is a controlled entrance to the site .
Most of the homes are dual - aspect and all of them have attractive kitchens with stylish floor and wall tiling .
Each apartment block is served by a lift and there are no more than three apartments per landing .
Newbridge has excellent transport links with Dublin , including a regular train service to and from Heuston Station .
A great many commuters also use the M7 motorway to the city .
Capella Court , Langton Cross , Newbridge , Co Kildare
Twenty two - bed apartments with a high - spec
Agent : HT Meagher O’Reilly
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As the Senate takes up health care reform , we ’re sure to be treated to yet more scenes of our elected officials bending over backwards to kiss the gold - plated butts of the pharmaceutical and insurance industries .
So far , just about every new turn in the health care battle is confirming what many have known for some time :
The US health care system is run largely for the benefit of these corporate giants , rather than for the American people , and no piece of legislation is likely to change that fact .
But to fully appreciate the license these industries have been given to run roughshod over the public interest , you have to take a trip to Connecticut .
The state is a longtime home base for the insurance industry , with 72 companies and the nation ’s highest concentration of insurance jobs .
It also has more than its share of drug and biotech companies .
What luck then , for these industries , that the man who appears to hold a swing vote on health care reform is their own Senator Joe Lieberman , who has enjoyed enormous financial support from the insurance companies and plenty from Big Pharma , as well .
While Connecticut may be loyal to its health care companies , the opposite clearly is not true .
This week the giant drugmaker Pfizer sent shock waves across the state when it announced its decision to shut down its huge research facility in New London .
While some workers will be transferred to a facility in a nearby town , the closure represents a devastating loss of industry and tax base for this working - class coastal city .
It also marks the disintegration of an elaborate publically financed urban development scheme that began a decade ago .
After the closure of a naval installation in the mid-1990s left New London in desperate economic straits , Pfizer swept in with promises to revitalize the city with a state - of - the - art R & D headquarters .
To serve the company ’s interests , the state government decided to use eminent domain to seize private property , uproot residents , and destroy a neighborhood in order to revamp the surrounding area .
The state won the right to do so in a landmark Supreme Court case , Kelo vs. New London .
But it built nothing on the vacated land .
And now Pfizer , as the Wall Street Journal put it , has decided to “ bug out . ”
One local resident told the New York Times , “ They stole our home for economic development .
It was all for Pfizer , and now they get up and walk away . ”
Here ’s how Jeff Benedict , a Connecticut lawyer and author of a book on the land grab , described the situation an op-ed in the Hartford Courant :
Consider the bitter pill that Pfizer Inc. slipped New London this week .
Barely a decade after constructing a $ 300 million research and development headquarters in the city , the pharmaceutical giant announced it was shutting down the facility .
Just like that , New London will lose 1,400 jobs and become home to a gigantic , vacant office park that sprawls over a 24 - acre campus .
Never mind that an entire residential neighborhood was bulldozed by New London to change the look of a 90 - acre landscape around the Pfizer campus .
And never mind that along the way the city used eminent domain to drive out homeowners and then fought a costly eight - year legal battle against holdouts Susette Kelo and her neighbors that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court .
The Fifth Amendment has always allowed government to take private property for public use .
But in its most universally despised decision in decades , the court upheld the takings in New London by equating public benefits — the promise of increased tax revenues and new jobs — with public use .
In other words , the potential of a massive redevelopment scheme anchored by the arrival of Pfizer ’s facility justified evicting homeowners who stood in the way of progress .
There ’s just one stubborn fact :
It ’s been four years since the infamous Kelo ruling and the city has n’t gotten a thing built on the 90 acres it now controls .
After all the shouting , the developer ran out of money and the city has zero prospective replacements .
Barren weed fields are all that exist where homes once stood .
According to the Times , Pfizer said it was pulling out of New London and consolidating its operations as a “ cost - cutting measure . ”
As the AP reported last month , Pfizer has managed to boost its profits this year despite the recession by “ slashing costs on everything from manufacturing and marketing to research and development ” and cutting 6,500 jobs .
In the immediate future , AP notes :
Pfizer will keep cutting costs , now that it has completed the biggest drug industry deal of the year .
The $ 68 billion acquisition of Wyeth last Thursday cements Pfizer ’s position atop the industry , and the combined company is expected to eliminate nearly 20,000 jobs by the time integration is complete .
Let ’s put all this cost cutting in further context .
Pfizer ’s profits in 2008 were $ 8.1 billion .
The drugmaker ranked 11th on the Fortune 500 ’s list of most profitable companies , and also made Fortune ’s list of “ biggest winners , ” described as “ 20 firms [ that ] managed to make money …even as the economy crumbled . ”
Wyeth ’s 2008 profits were over $ 4 billion , so the acquisition is guaranteed to keep Pfizer in gravy , despite the $ 2.3 billion in criminal penalties it recently agreed to pay for illegally promiting off - label use of its drugs , in the largest health care fraud settlement in the history of the U.S. Justice Department .
Residents of New London and other locales abandoned by the company may also be interested to know that Pfizer CEO Jeff Kindler ’s 2008 compensation came to a cool $ 14.8 million — up 17 percent from the year before .
In other words , Pfizer ’s determination to slash costs and eliminate thousands of jobs in the midst of a recession is motivated by nothing but sheer greed .
This is business as usual for the pharmaceutical companies , which exist to serve the interests of their executives and shareholders , not the public — and which will be just as ruthless as we allow them to be .
Yet this lesson seems to have bypassed many of our elected officials , who persist in pretending that the drug companies can be their “ partners ” in health care reform , rather recognizing them as their adversaries .
The rest of the industrialized world seems to have grasped the notion that it ’s the government ’s job to make sure the private health care industry does n’t gouge the public .
These governments do their job by imposing stiff regulation on these companies , far beyond anything that we will see in the current health reform here .
Here , the drug companies are so used to getting their way that they are indignant when anyone in government finds the gumption to stand up to them at all .
This morning , the Los Angeles Times reports that Big Pharma is protesting parts of the House reform bill , which it sees as violating the secret deal it made last summer with the White House .
The paper reports that “ senior administration officials , including White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , are warning members of Congress not to antagonize the deep - pocketed industry at a time when a major victory appears to be within reach , according to Democratic aides . ”
Although they will probably get their way in the end , the drug companies clearly are pissed off at the Democrats because they think they ’ve been double - crossed .
It ’s a feeling that that ’s no doubt familiar to the residents of New London , Connecticut .
AOL and Time Warner ( Fortune 's parent company ) announced a $ 165 billion merger , promising to marry the best news and entertainment content with the distribution medium of the future , the Internet .
To say it was a bad match is an exercise in understatement .
In 2002 , AOL Time Warner posted the largest - ever U.S. corporate loss as it wrote off most of the value of the merger .
The next year , the company bid adieu to the managers who created it and stripped AOL from the corporate letterhead .
This month , Time Warner and AOL finally parted ways , nine years later and more than $ 100 billion poorer .
So much for the deal Ted Turner once gushed was better than sex .
Former heavyweight champ [ artist id = " 514640 " ]
Mike Tyson [ / artist ] was booked on suspicion of battery charges on Wednesday after allegedly punching a photographer in the face at Los Angeles International Airport according to CNN .
Tyson was released on his own recognizance Wednesday night after getting booked on suspicion of misdemeanor battery and posting $ 20,000 bail .
The photographer was also reportedly booked on misdemeanor battery charges .
The site reported that Tyson , 43 , was at the ticket counter in the United Airlines terminal when a photographer got very close to him and Tyson allegedly punched the unidentified shooter in the face .
After the photog hit the ground , he reportedly got up and walked away , leaving a trail of blood on the floor from a minor laceration to the forehead .
While Tyson was taken from the scene in a squad car , an ambulance was called for the photographer , who was taken to a local hospital for treatment .
Tyson and the paparazzo reportedly performed citizen 's arrests on each other after the incident , and both wanted to press charges against each other .
A rep for Tyson said he was traveling with his 10 - month - old daughter and wife and that he acted in self - defense to protect his child from the overly aggressive shooter .
A unidentified law enforcement source told the Los Angeles Times that Tyson informed investigators that the photographer struck him in an apparent attempt to provoke him , while the snapper said Tyson punched him in the face and tried to take the film from his camera .
The Associated Press reported that the photographer will also be booked on similar charges once he is released from the hospital .
Just over a year ago , in September 2008 , [ artist id =" 1230523 " ]
Kanye West [ / artist ] and his road manager were arrested on suspicion of vandalism and battery after a run in with the paparazzi at LAX ; charges against both were dismissed last month .
The following tips are from Jenna Forrest , an empowerment coach in Durham , North Carolina who helps her highly sensitive clients to understand , refine , and embrace their sensory abilities .
1. Understand their Trait :
The sensitive must first get to know him / herself in the context of their trait .
They can do this by reading books about their trait and connecting with other sensitives to share experiences .
The result can be a wonderful feeling of relief and being “ ok . ”
As understanding develops , the person may fine him / herself – perhaps for the first time in their life – telling themselves and others the whole truth about how they feel and what they need .
2. Receive Validation :
Many sensitives grew up being seen as different and odd , being labeled , reprimanded in school , etc .
The shame of not fitting in can carry into adulthood if the person ’s experiences are not validated somewhere along the way .
Validation can come from a friend , mentor , counselor or other trusted person who has experienced similar challenges .
3 . See their Gifts and Potential :
Sensitives typically feel a calling to help others .
They can be troubled by the weight of the world – a weight that keeps them from doing all they want or would otherwise be able to do .
This causes them to focus on problems and what they do n’t want instead of appreciating their gifts of spirit , intuition , empathy , and creativity .
By tapping into these traits and developing them with a mentor or coach , the sensitive person can learn to express more pride , joy and hope .
This , in turn , enhances self - esteem and allows him / her to feel connected with a world that could otherwise feel alien .
4. Protect their Energy Field from Intrusion :
Sensitives can see or feel energy as if it ’s tangible and solid .
Some energy feels like sticky mud , some feels shadowy , some feels light and fluffy .
Where it conveys joy and happiness , the sensitive person is apt to thrive .
On the flipside , he / she will be negatively affected by anger , dishonesty , exploitation or sadness .
Since various types of energies are present everyday , the sensitive must learn to protect him / herself or risk feeling drained or fearful as they come into contact with different people , places , and situations .
5. Clear their Energy Field from Unwanted Negativity and Past Hurts :
Highly sensitive people are likely to be carrying pain with them wherever they go – unrealized hurts and negativity that ’s accumulated throughout their lives .
This is apt to make them feel heavy or moody .
Sensitives can also be negatively affected by world conflicts covered in the media , by political or religious messages , etc .
It is life - changing for a sensitive person to discover that he / she can release all of this accumulated pain .
Freedom comes when the sensitive is finally able to walk tall in the world like anyone else .
5 Ways Highly Sensitive People Can Live
In an Insensitive World
Editor 's Note :
In the opening paragraph of this column , Matt Smith listed theoretical examples of " uncomfortable questions " that could elicit a physical response .
Smith did not actually pose those questions to polygraph examiner Patrick Coffey , nor did Coffey ask his test subjects any such questions .
SF
Weekly regrets any confusion .
The way polygraph examiners such as Patrick Coffey see it , when a person is pressed with truly uncomfortable questions —
Are you racist ?
A dissembler ?
A bully ? — beads of sweat will appear on his palms .
His breathing will quicken , or just as suspiciously , slow down .
His heart will beat faster .
His blood pressure will rise , and the sensors strapped to this deceptive person 's body will feed results to a computer armed with an algorithm that will show he 's a liar .
According to popular advice on cheating the lie detector , the key to passing is to stay calm .
No matter how uncomfortable you are , breathe normally .
Pretend you 're in an ordinary school exam ; remember mind over matter .
Coffey does n't believe the polygraph can be easily beat .
It requires remaining preternaturally calm while being asked tough questions .
And that 's how I would describe his demeanor when I recently cross-examined him about his views on Muslims .
When I asked him whether he was a bigot , I could feel my own throat tighten with nervousness .
Coffey 's radio baritone , however , continued with the same even patter he might have used to recite a recipe .
" Do n't try to back me into that kind of corner , " he said .
" I grew up with an Asian mother .
I learned the Vietnamese language from a very early age . "
I came away from listening to Coffey 's mellifluous voice thinking he may have been telling what he considered to be the truth .
Few people , after all , believe themselves to be prejudiced .
But I wondered whether this professional lie detector might be fooling himself .
Last week I wrote about how the San Francisco Police Department still uses a lie detector to screen recruits , despite the fact that scientists have roundly debunked its effectiveness .
Using such a discredited method to help choose cops , I noted , could disqualify the best prospects and give a passing grade to skillful liars .
I also noted that Coffey , whom the city paid $ 81,463 during the last fiscal year to conduct the screening tests from his Burlingame consultancy , believes scientific criticism of his favored method is unfair .
But what I did n't describe is what a peculiar choice the SFPD has made in selecting Coffey as the one who would conduct what scientists agree is a hit - or - miss method for determining whether aspiring cops are truthful when they say they should be trusted with guns .
In the spring of 2005 , on www.antipolygraph.org, a Web site dedicated to scientific debunking of the polygraph , Coffey wrote of prominent polygraph critic George Maschke , a Ph.D. linguist who works as a Farsi translator in the Hague , " I doubt even without the polygraph that you could now meet security criteria to serve in any capacity given your choice to ' work ' in socialist Holland , which like France is losing it 's idenity [ sic ] to Islamic Immigration there . "
In a later post on Maschke 's site , Coffey wrote , " George should stay in Holland or some other Socialist nation .
He is apparently more comfortable in a nation like that , or France , which has lost its / their respective identities to massive Arab / Islamic immigration . "
Maschke said that during 2005 Coffey lurked on his Web site for some time under various aliases , making caustic comments .
" He basically became quite a troll on our message board , and I eventually banned him , and he came back under a variety of monikers , " Maschke said , adding , " He 's got a lot of biases coming to the table .
To have someone with that mentality screening police applicants is inappropriate . "
I asked Coffey about his statements .
He said he was merely making a casual observation about changing times : " The Holland or France that you or I might have visited in our childhood might not be the Holland we would have visited years ago , " so Maschke " may have a different perspective than the average man on the street here , because of his interaction with these people on a personal and professional level .
Compared with the man on the street here in the U.S. , what he feels is reality might not be that of the average person here . "
I have no specific evidence that Coffey 's feelings about Muslims , Arabs , or even Dutch people have tainted the way he screens applicants for the SFPD .
But the issue should be raised because the statistical accuracy of a polygraph exam , according to a 2002 National Academy of Sciences study , is only slightly better than random guesses in identifying potential liars or truth - tellers .
This large accuracy gap leaves plenty of room for bias .
" The potential for discrimination is certainly there , " said David Faigman , a UC Hastings law professor who served on the National Academy of Sciences polygraph panel .
" What we do know is there 's a high degree of subjectivity and a high degree of human interaction relevant to the test .
When you have those two things , you have to be concerned that bias or prejudice manifests itself . "
Iftekhar Hai , president of the United Muslims of America Interfaith Alliance , found it outrageous that a screener of police recruits would express what Hai considers anti-Muslim views .
" I think that 's just such an uninformed statement , " he said .
" It 's a classical case of ignorance .
In the United States itself , there are seven million Muslims .
" The number two man at the Department of Homeland Security is a Muslim , " Hai said , pointing to Arif Alikhan , assistant secretary for the Office of Policy Development .
" To collectively put the 1.2 billion Muslims in the world into that narrow - minded interpretation is sheer stupidity .
I think that kind of analysis is a buzzword for bigotry and hatred . "
Coffey again rejected the idea that he 's a bigot .
" I give up my time to help people who are indigent and who are tortured .
I do it pro bono quite often , " he said , in reference to an aspect of his private lie- detector practice in which he assists U.S. attorneys representing asylum visa applicants .
At one point , I even thought I may have caught Coffey lying about his own practices .
Imagine : an SFPD polygraph screener with his pants on fire !
In 2002 , Coffey was working as a private investigator and was hired by a San Francisco clothing store .
The store 's tailor , Jesus Guerrero , claimed he had been sexually harassed by a salesman , Reggie Myrick , who denied the accusation .
Coffey 's job was to determine who was telling the truth .
Guerrero sued Coffey , claiming the then–private eye performed a voice - stress - analysis exam on him without permission .
Coffey told me several times during two interviews that he has never used voice stress analysis , which he believes to be less scientific than the polygraph .
He said he merely interviewed Guerrero , who mistakenly believed Coffey had performed a voice stress analysis on him .
I was unable to reach Guerrero or his attorney for their version of events .
But I did find Myrick .
Coffey " asked me a bunch of questions from years back , up to current events , and I answered truthfully .
He said I passed , " the salesman said .
" My body was n't hooked up to a lie detector .
It was a computer voice analysis test . "
Whether Coffey actually performed voice stress analysis , or merely made it seem like he did , the polygrapher did end up paying a $ 10,000 settlement to Guerrero , according to court records .
In the end , I did n't go away convinced I knew the truth .
And I have a feeling I would n't have , even if I 'd hooked Coffey up to a hit - or - miss lie detector machine .
Coffey says he is a former intelligence officer with the Navy and U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency .
Despite his inscrutability , and irrespective of whether he's as bigoted as his Internet statements might suggest , he seems to have the mindset of an old Cold Warrior , seeing enemy sympathizers behind doors where others might not , and friends in unlikely places .
Along with his work aiding U.S. attorneys for purported victims of foreign torture , Coffey boasts that he 's helped train the state security corps of two authoritarian dictators .
He describes having taught polygraph techniques to the secret service detail of Qaboos bin Said al Said , the sultan , prime minister , and foreign minister of Oman , whose regime , The New York Times reported last May , " is taking the familiar approach of authoritarian states in the Middle East , relying on security services and restrictive laws to silence and frighten the people . "
Coffey says he also has provided polygraph training to the state security and intelligence services of Sheik Hamad bin Khalifa Al - Thani , emir of Qatar .
According to Amnesty International , Sheik Hamad oversees a regime where " allegations of torture and other forms of cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment or punishment continue to be reported . "
Coffey was proud enough of his Qatar work that he sent me a photo of himself with one of his Qatari hosts — which suggests , at the very least , that he is n't bigoted against Arabs and Muslims who happen to be fee - paying sultans or emirs .
What concerns me is how he perceives ordinary Arabs and Muslims with their minds set on a career with the San Francisco Police Department .
Animated Nudity
You know the Simpsons from their Butterfinger and Burger King appearances in the US .
This is just five of many Simpsons for CC Lemon ads that have appeared on TV here in Japan over the years .
Shilling sugar water Probably the saddest aspect of these ads is not the blatent commercialism of them completely undermining a large feature of the show , but that the show is primarily recognised by these ads in Japan .
CC Lemon
Because the show is only available on satellite or cable TV here , many people are n't even aware it 's a TV show that has been running for 15 years now .
At the ballpark Keychains , bottle holders , and cell - phone dongles are just a few of the many places the Simpsons can be found .
It 's too bad the show is n't easier to find on TV over here .
Homer sleeps his way to the top .
For many people , it has become routine to go online to check out a map before traveling to a new place .
But for blind people , Google maps and other visual mapping applications are of little use .
Now , a unique device developed at MIT could give the visually impaired the same kind of benefit that sighted people get from online maps .
The BlindAid system , developed in MIT ’s Touch Lab , allows blind people to “ feel ” their way around a virtual model of a room or building , familiarizing themselves with it before going there .
Mandayam Srinivasan , director of the Touch Lab and affiliated with the Research Laboratory of Electronics and the Department of Mechanical Engineering , is working with the Carroll Center for the Blind in Newton , Mass . , to develop and test the device .
Preliminary results show that when blind people have the chance to preview a virtual model of a room , they have an easier time navigating their way around the actual room later on .
That advantage could be invaluable for the visually impaired , says Joseph Kolb , a mobility instructor at the Carroll Center .
He notes that one of the toughest challenges a visually impaired person faces is entering an unfamiliar environment with no human or dog to offer guidance .
“ You do n’t know where you are , you do n’t know what ’s around you , and there may or may not be people around to help you , ” he says .
A cane for virtual navigation
The BlindAid system builds on a device called the Phantom , developed at MIT in the early 1990s and commercialized by SensAble Technologies .
Phantom consists of a robotic arm that the user grasps as if holding a stylus .
The stylus can create the sensation of touch by exerting a small , precisely controlled force on the fingers of the user .
The BlindAid stylus functions much like a blind person ’s cane , allowing the user to feel virtual floors , walls , doors and other objects .
The stylus is connected to a computer programmed with a three - dimensional map of the room .
Whenever a virtual obstacle is encountered , the computer directs the stylus to produce a force against the user ’s hand , mimicking the reaction force from a real obstacle .
Srinivasan ’s team has tested the device in about 10 visually impaired subjects at the Carroll Center , a non-profit agency that offers education , training and rehabilitation programs to about 2,000 visually impaired people per year .
To successfully use such a system , the visually impaired person must have a well - developed sense of space , says Kolb .
For those people , “ this offers the prospect of being able to preview an environment and have a sense of what ’s in the environment , the shape of it , and where landmarks are located , ” he says .
During the testing , Kolb realized that BlindAid could also help mobility instructors evaluate the exploration strategies the subject is using — whether he or she has an organized approach or tends to get stuck in a certain area .
Orly Lahav , a former postdoctoral associate in the Touch Lab , and David Schloerb , a research scientist in MIT ’s Research Laboratory of Electronics , did much of the work to develop BlindAid .
Lahav presented the work at the Virtual Rehabilitation 2009 International Conference in Israel this summer .
Once Srinivasan obtains additional funding , he hopes to incorporate the BlindAid system into the Carroll Center ’s training program , which will yield user feedback that should help him refine the system for commercial production .
In the long term , he believes BlindAid could be used to help blind people not only preview public spaces such as train stations , but also plan and travel by public transportation using virtual route maps that they can download and interact with through touch .
In October , Srinivasan presented the system at an event at New York ’s Metropolitan Museum of Art , called “ Art Beyond Sight , ” sponsored by an organization of the same name , which promotes ways to help blind people experience visual arts .
In museums , visually impaired people can experience art through verbal descriptions and touch , and devices such as BlindAid could allow them to find out how to navigate the museum before visiting .
“ There is a big difference between going to a totally unknown place and a place for which you have a mental map , ” says Srinivasan .
Michelangelo wrote some wonderful sonnets ; Constable 's correspondence has a fascinating tough - tenderness ; most visualisers have , with varying degrees of success , tried to match words to their images .
But Van Gogh 's letters are the best written by any artist .
Engrossing , moving , energetic and compelling , they dramatise individual genius while illuminating the creative process in general .
No wonder readers have long since taken them to heart .
No wonder , either , that singers have used them in their songs ( " Starry Night " ) , and film - makers as the basis of their movies ( Lust for Life ) .
Their mixture of humble detail and heroic aspiration is quite simply life - affirming .
Received wisdom has it that the letters show Van Gogh as a tortured genius .
Yet anyone who has actually read them ( rather than watched the movie ) will feel uncomfortable about this .
There are , of course , harrowing stretches in which he frets about insanity , about poverty and about how others perceive him .
But the great majority of them are impressive – even lovable – because , no matter how distressing their surrounding circumstances , they show an extraordinarily calm - sounding good sense and a beautiful directness in their account of complicated emotional states .
This sense of balance , which frankly amounts to nobility , has been evident in all editions of his letters , ever since the first was published by his sister - in - law , Jo Bonger , in 1914 .
In this new edition it is even more vividly manifest .
The new book ( or rather the new books – there are five large volumes of correspondence and a sixth of associated material ) is one of the major publishing achievements of our time .
It contains fresh and accurate translations of all his surviving letters ( 819 , of which 658 are to his brother Theo ) and a further 96 that he received from friends and family .
Each is fastidiously annotated , which means that a sense of context is always present – no detail , however small , seems to have escaped the editors .
Does this mean the main text is drowned in pedantry ?
No .
That danger is dispelled by the large format of the volumes , and the treasure trove of illustrations : every picture Van Gogh mentions , whether it's by him or not , is reproduced , giving a virtually complete map of Van Gogh 's interior world .
In its capaciousness , the book also reminds us of a fundamental truth about Van Gogh : his ambition as a painter depended on words to give it focus and direction .
We see this most obviously in the correspondence with Theo .
" Writing is actually an awful way to explain things to each other , " he says at one point – but the exasperation here is revealingly akin to the way his paint pushes against the limits of what can be rendered and recognised as the essence of a thing .
In the same way that his art often manages to make ordinary things – chairs and potatoes and sunflowers and beds – seem charged with a numinous inner life , so some of his word - descriptions catch the miraculousness of the ordinary .
Writing on 31 July 1888 to Theo from Arles , he says : " I saw a magnificent and very strange effect this evening .
A very large boat laden with coal on the Rhône , moored at the quay .
Seen from above it was all glistening and wet from a shower ; the water was a white yellow and clouded pearl - grey , the sky lilac and an orange strip in the west , the town violet .
On the boat , small workmen , blue and dirty white , were coming and going .
Carrying the cargo ashore .
It was pure Hokusai .
It was too late to do it , but one day , when this coal - boat comes back , it 'll have to be tackled . "
The language here is more than just the counterpart to a picture .
It is actually a step in the process towards the picture .
It 's a different kind of proof of Van Gogh 's practicality – and of the way that practicality is often linked to something like exhilaration .
Exhilaration , in turn , is always either threatened or bolstered by a sense of its opposite .
The story of his time in Arles with and without Gauguin is celebrated proof of this .
But many of the tensions that arose during that ménage a deux had roots in Van Gogh 's early life .
His father 's adherence to the Groningen school of theology may have opened up a pathway to the idea of divine grace being bestowed on each individual , and on the capacity for joy inherent in this idea , but it also helped to give him a moral structure that later developed distinctly oppressive aspects .
As a young man in the mid 1870s , he writes : " When I think of my past life and of my father 's house in that Dutch village , [ I have ] a feeling of ' Father , I have sinned against heaven , and in thy sight , and am no more worthy to be called thy son , make me as one of the hired servants .
Be merciful to me '. "
Some of these religious severities troubled him until the end of his life – though others were transmuted into theories about ways of living that do and do n't benefit the painting .
Writing to his painter - friend Emile Bernard , he says : " I already told you last spring .
Eat well , do your military drill well , do n't fuck too hard ; if you do n't fuck too hard , your painting will be all the spunkier for it . "
Right up to the day he shot himself ( 27 July 1890 – he died of the wound two days later ) , and in spite of periods of catastrophic breakdown , Van Gogh retained an exceptional capacity for careful attention to the world , and for delight arising from that attention .
We can see it bravely contending with despair in very late pictures such as Wheatfield with Crows , where even the darkening sky , the ominous birds , the track vanishing into the cornfield cannot entirely obliterate the joy of its intense colours .
In his final letter to Theo , which he was carrying with him on the day he shot himself , he wrote : " Ah well , I risk my life for my own work , and my reason has half foundered in it . "
That " half " is a vital sign .
Because this book is very expensive , not many people will be able to own it .
Just as well there 's a good website , on which appear all the letters written by and to Van Gogh ( vangoghletters.org ) .
Although the correspondence and its associated material have been well known and well loved for almost a century , we have never been able to enjoy them as deeply as we can now .
Andrew Motion 's The Cinder Path is published by Faber .
BERLIN , Germany —
When Germany ’s newly elected conservative coalition recently declared that it would rescind the country ’s phase - out of nuclear power , it served as the final death knell to the era of consensus presided over by Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s previous “ Grand Coalition . ”
But the announcement was not a surprise : Energy policy was one of the few issues about which Merkel and her Christian Democratic party ( CDU ) spoke candidly during the campaign .
But , the announcement resonated deeply across Germany and has served as a rallying cry for activists who lay dormant during the past few years in search of a cause .
With hundreds of independent anti-nuclear activist groups promising frequent and disruptive protests in the coming weeks — and already providing a preview by way of hundreds of hecklers dispatched to the new coalition negotiations — the country is bracing for a heated confrontation .
“ The 17 nuclear plants in Germany are everything but safe , ” said Jochen Stay from the anti-nuclear group “ Ausgestrahlt , ” one of the organizers of the protests at the coalition negotiations .
“ Whoever thinks about extending their use puts the lives and health of millions of people in jeopardy . ”
Some conservatives are already worried that things may get out of hand .
An executive of one of the country ’s largest energy utilities has written a letter to the heads of the opposition Green Party in order to suggest that they meet in order to clear the air .
“ Certainly one of the things we should talk about is how we can avoid conditions in the country that resemble a civil war , ” wrote Juergen Grossmann , head of RWE , according to the newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung .
The activists have a long and rich tradition to draw on .
West Germany ’s anti-nuclear movement of the late 1970s and 1980s is generally upheld as the country ’s most effective and sustained example of civic engagement .
The federal government in Bonn had n’t been much interested in the dangers of nuclear energy until hundreds of thousands representing a diverse cross-section of the country came out in mostly rural areas to protest against — and , at times , physically prevent — the opening of local reactors and the depositing of nuclear waste .
Eventually , the demonstrators formed the basis of a new party , the Greens , that would , in a late 1990s coalition with the Social Democrats ( SPD ) , proscribe by law the phase - out the country ’s remaining 17 nuclear power plants by 2020 .
This is the law that Merkel now seeks to amend .
Today ’s activists , like those from 30 years ago , have declared themselves independent of all the established parties , including the Greens .
But , in their aims , style and composition , these activists are less a new social movement than a nostalgia - tinged continuation of an old one , complete with a logo borrowed from the previous era : a red , smiling sun set against a white background together with the words “ No , thank you ! ”
It ’s a fitting instance of recycling , since in some sense , the old anti-nuclear movement never went away : Periodic clashes between protesters and police near the city of Gorleben , where Germany has disposed of nuclear material , have gone on uninterrupted since the 1970s .
Polls show that two - thirds of Germans support the current phase - out law and a broad spectrum of German society still sympathizes with the anti-nuclear movement .
A pre-election march in Berlin that attracted tens of thousands to the capital attested to that support .
The rally provided diverse tableaus of university students together with civil servants , grey - haired former hippies aside middle - aged farmers atop tractors .
They all share memories of the nuclear accidents at Chernobyl and Three Mile Island and the repeated Cold War warnings that the world may end in a nuclear apocalypse , as well as of more recent revelations that the German government under Chancellor Helmut Kohl had manipulated and falsified safety reports of a few of the country ’s nuclear plants .
Indeed , Merkel is aware that following through on her plans will require making a hefty withdrawal from the sizable sum of political capital that she ’s accumulated over the past four years .
During the election campaign , her CDU party tried to prime the country by arguing that Germany could n’t yet afford to make the switch away from nuclear power , which comprises nearly a quarter of the country ’s energy consumption , according to a report by the German Institute for Economic Research .
While the rival SPD asserted that investments in renewable solar and wind power could make up the difference , Merkel said that Germany should n’t risk falling behind the economies of France and Britain , both of which have renewed commitments to nuclear energy .
She has also argued that nuclear energy produces fewer climate - damaging emissions than coal , Germany ’s main fuel alternative .
However convinced she is of the merits of nuclear energy , Merkel has also made sure to temper the plans of the more business - friendly and conservative voices in her new coalition .
The coalition agreement emphasizes that keeping the 17 power plants open will be contingent upon their meeting the most stringent safety criteria of the European Union .
The new coalition will also demand that a large percentage of the windfall profits that energy companies are expected to make from the continued operation of the nuclear plants be invested into renewable energy sources .
“ Nuclear energy should be a bridge technology , ” said Marcus Soeder , one of Merkel ’s representatives at the coalition negotiations .
The activists do n’t seem much impressed by Merkel ’s assurances .
After meeting last month , representatives from the largest groups promised more unannounced demonstrations to block the transport of nuclear material and to otherwise disrupt the work of Merkel 's new coalition .
It is not very often that you hear people say , “ Thank God that the federal government regulates the size of the holes in my Swiss cheese , ” or , “ I sleep well at night knowing that the United States Department of Agriculture 's ‘ Food Safety and Inspection Service ’ has issued hundreds of arcane guidelines and standards for my frozen pizza . ”
Largely hidden from daily life and absent from receipts and tax forms , regulations are hidden taxes that everyone pays — even if we do n’t realize it .
Government regulations are omnipresent .
They hike the cost of our Federal Communications Commission - regulated alarm clocks , make the drive to class more expensive through burdensome fuel and safety standards and increase the cost of a six pack through vast bottling , labeling and labor mandates .
Surely , the concept of regulation is desirable to most people in our society .
We do n’t want factories dumping hazardous materials in the Huron River nor do we think that car companies should be allowed to make cars that combust while we are speeding along on the highway .
But is government the best and most efficient means to achieve these goals ?
And if it is , is government regulation morally permissible ?
Unfortunately , the growth of government means a shift from a market economy to a political economy where regulation is written to benefit political interests , not society as a whole .
This transfer means distorted economic signals , poorly allocated resources and taxpayer money that is squandered .
We are left with a labyrinth of confusing — and often pointless — regulations that hurt consumers , punish business owners and , worst of all , bring smiles to the faces of lobbyists .
One look at the titanic Code of Federal Regulations lays to rest President Bill Clinton ’s ludicrous claim in 1996 that the “ era of big government is over . ”
On the contrary — big government just keeps growing .
The alternative to the current system is to allow individuals to make their own decisions about which products they buy , what they put in their own bodies and who they choose to do business with .
Liberty and free markets in the absence of government coercion are not only moral , but they lead to a healthier , safer , smarter and more prosperous society for everyone .
This is a reality that Congress should keep in mind as it addresses important issues like health care and energy .
Students need to recognize the expansion of government and fight against it .
Today , numerous student groups will celebrate “ Liberty on the Diag ” from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. to educate students about the benefits of freedom .
Participating groups include College Libertarians , Young Americans for Freedom , Students for a Sensible Drug Policy , Students for Concealed Carry on Campus , Students for a Free Economy and Students of Objectivism .
While these groups do n’t agree on every issue , they all feel strongly that more government means less freedom — a specter that should be avoided like the plague .
Jonathan Slemrod is the president of the University 's chapter of the College Libertarians .
Sam van Kleef is the president of the University of Michigan 's Young Americans for Freedom .
At PDC 2009 , Microsoft demonstrated Silverlight video streaming to an iPhone .
While Microsoft user experience platform manager Brian Goldfarb said that Microsoft " worked with Apple " to make it happen , do n't expect plug-ins for Mobile Safari to start flooding the App Store .
Instead , Microsoft worked to make its IIS7 server software capable of sending an QuickTime - compatible stream to an iPhone embedded with a HTML5 < video > tag .
Though Silverlight is more than just a video format — it 's more of .NET authoring runtime for web - based applications , much like Flash as become — its media delivery features are what content providers wanted on the iPhone .
" The promise of Silverlight is that it 's a cross - device , cross - browser , cross - platform solution , and it works the same on Macs as it does on Windows , " Goldfarb told BetaNews .
" The iPhone is a unique scenario .
We talked to our customers ... and they said , ' Look , we just need to get our content there , and it 's mainly in the media space like broadcasting , and we want to put it on the iPhone . ' "
The true extent of " working with Apple , " though , has more to do with making sure the system would work and that Apple did n't disapprove .
" We did all the work , " Goldfarb said .
" We just made sure Apple was comfortable with it .
We have to have a strong partnership with our partners , we have to have trust , and that 's key . "
What Microsoft did was enable IIS Media Services respond to requests from an iPhone and transcode on - demand to H.264 format in an MPEG - 2 transport stream , the exact same format used by Apple 's proposed HTTP Live Streaming protocol .
" So it 's the same IIS smooth streaming content , the same server , the same point of origin , but now I can get that content to play without any code changes , without any real work , on the iPhone , " Goldfarb explained .
" That 's the critical thing for our customers . "
We wo n't be seeing an Silverlight runtime ( nor a Flash one , for that matter ) popping up on the iPhone .
But content providers already using or considering IIS Media Services wo n't have to encode video separately or maintain a separate content delivery system for serving their content to the hottest mobile platform .
So the real question is , when can I start streaming Netflix to my iPhone ?
Personal Injury
Have you or a loved one recently suffered a serious or catastrophic injury ?
Are you facing an insurance company whose best offer wo n’t even begin to compensate the losses your family experienced , both financially and emotionally ?
It may be time to find yourself an experienced personal injury lawyer .
Choosing the right New Jersey personal injury lawyer can make a significant difference when it comes to you getting fair compensation for the harm that you have experienced .
You deserve an advocate in your corner who will represent you with compassion .
We will take on insurance companies with determination so you can rest with peace of mind as you move forward
Bitter and hateful , the Grinch is irritated at the thought of the nearby village having a happy time celebrating Christmas .
So disguised as Santa Claus , with his dog made to look like a reindeer , he raids the village to steal all the Christmas things .
The village is sure to have a sad Christmas this year .
Written by Anonymous
The Khmer Rouge prison boss who admitted responsibility for the torture and murder of more than 12,000 people today stunned a war crimes court by asking to be acquitted and released .
On the last day of a nine - month trial , Kaing Guek Eav , known as Comrade Duch , asked the judges to consider his co-operation with the court and the 10 years he had already served in jail and set him free .
In the last sentence of his final summing up , he said : " I would ask the chamber to release me , thank you very much . "
The extraordinary request came just two days after he told the court he was ultimately accountable for the deaths that occurred while he headed the Khmer Rouge 's Tuol Sleng prison in Phnom Penh .
" I am solely and individually responsible for the loss of at least 12,380 lives , " he said .
This morning an astounded bench asked Duch 's lawyer , Kar Savuth , to clarify his statement , asking if his plea to be released was a request for acquittal .
" Release means acquittal , " the court was told .
Duch 's request enraged Bou Meng , one of only a dozen prisoners to walk out of Tuol Sleng alive .
He stormed from the public gallery , describing Duch 's plea as an insult to his wife 's memory .
" I could not accept the request for the release by Duch , because many people , including my wife , have been killed during the Khmer Rouge time .
He can not step on the victims like this . "
The prosecutor , William Smith , said outside court that he was surprised by Duch 's last - minute change of heart .
" The fact that he entered a request for an acquittal reinforces in our mind that his remorse is limited . "
The prosecution has asked for 40 year 's jail for Duch , 67 .
He will be sentenced next year .
Between 1975 and 1979 Tuol Sleng was the centrepiece of the Khmer Rouge 's brutal security regime .
" Enemies of the party " were tortured – shocked , whipped , beaten , and mutilated – into false confessions , then bludgeoned to death and buried in mass graves .
Outside court , Dara Chey , a student who lost four relatives during the Khmer Rouge years , said Duch 's request for acquittal cast doubt on his earlier apology .
" I do not believe him when he says he is sorry any more .
He is just trying to get out of jail .
He should never be allowed out .
Cambodians will not be happy if he ever walks free . "
This week Duch asked to be allowed to apologise in person to his victims ' families .
No family members of victims , or victims ' groups , have said they want to meet with Duch .
The Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , died in 1998 .
The joint trial of four more senior Khmer Rouge leaders is expected to start in mid-2011 , while the court is considering whether to open cases against five other former Khmer Rouge cadres .
Delaware ’s Catholic Diocese of Wilmington filed for federal bankruptcy protection Sunday night , on the eve of a civil trial in a high - profile sex abuse case against the diocese and a former priest .
The bankruptcy filing automatically delays the case in Kent County Superior Court , the first of eight consecutive abuse trials scheduled in Delaware .
“ This is a painful decision , one that I had hoped and prayed I would never have to make , ” Bishop W. Francis Malooly wrote on the diocese ’s Web site .
Bishop Malooly said the decision was made “ after careful consideration and after consultation with my close advisers and counselors ” and that he believed “ we have no other choice . ”
He said “ filing for Chapter 11 offers the best opportunity , given finite resources , to provide the fairest possible treatment of all victims of sexual abuse by priests of our Diocese . ”
“ Our hope is that Chapter 11 proceedings will enable us to fairly compensate all victims through a single process established by the Bankruptcy Court , ” Bishop Malooly said .
The diocese covers Delaware and the Eastern Shore of Maryland and serves about 230,000 Catholics .
It is the seventh U.S. diocese to file for bankruptcy since accusations erupting seven years ago against Catholic clergy in Boston .
Monday ’s case would have been the first to come to trial under a Delaware law that created a two - year “ lookback ” window that allowed claims of abuse to be brought regardless of whether the statute of limitations had expired .
More than 100 lawsuits were filed before the period ended this summer , with four being settled .
Thomas Neuberger , a lawyer representing 88 purported victims , described the bankruptcy filing as a “ desperate effort to hide the truth from the public and conceal the thousands of pages of scandalous documents ” from being made public in court .
“ This filing is the latest , sad chapter in the diocese ’s decades long ‘ cover - up ’ of these despicable crimes , to maintain the secrecy surrounding its responsibility and complicity in the sexual abuse of hundreds of Catholic children , ” Mr. Neuberger said in a statement .
Civil liability is the only recourse for victims of abuse that happened long ago because the U.S. Supreme Court has said states cannot change the statute of limitations for criminal cases .
Mr. Neuberger said the diocese ’s action may mean some sick and aging victims - some who claim they were abused when they were as young as 8 - could die before getting their day in court .
Attorneys negotiated throughout Sunday trying to reach a settlement , but could n’t .
Mr. Neuberger said he would make court filings in Delaware to “ meet this fraudulent tactic with the full and immediate force of the law . ”
He also vowed to seek out all assets of the diocese and its parishes .
More than 20 Delaware plaintiffs have filed lawsuits against Francis DeLuca , who served as a priest for 35 years but was defrocked last summer after having been jailed in 2007 in New York for repeatedly molesting his grandnephew .
Lawsuits filed by DeLuca ’s purported victims were scheduled for trial in October , the first on Monday .
The diocese has paid more than $ 6.2 million since 2002 to settle sexual abuse lawsuits .
An annual report filed earlier this year by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops stated that the church has paid more than $ 2.6 billion in settlements and related expenses since 1950 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Wenn wichtige Entscheidungen anstehen , wenden wir uns mit Online - Appellen direkt an die Verantwortlichen in Parlamenten , Regierungen und Konzernen .
Wir schmieden Bündnisse , debattieren mit Politiker * innen und tragen unseren Protest auf die Straße : mit großen Demonstrationen und lokalen Aktionen .
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
British government workers are getting a two - day taste of life without fixed line phones .
But how easily would the rest of us surrender our landline ?
You pick up the phone on your desk and there is no dialling tone .
Your colleague does the same .
It 's a scenario repeated across the country , in a catastrophic nationwide communications failure caused by a natural disaster or cyber attack .
And this week it is happening .
At least , it is for civil servants .
An exercise called White Noise , in which the " public switched telephone network " is disabled , is being simulated by Whitehall , in London , to test the response of government and the communications industry to such an emergency .
Having a landline is about having a commitment to place as much as anything
Ben Highmore Similar exercises are regularly carried out for scenarios like a terror attack or a nuclear leak , and what they learn from this one will be used to improve the national communications network .
For the purposes of White Noise , internet access will still be working , but if all landlines were to be knocked out in reality , much of the UK 's internet access would sink with them .
Could the mobile network take the strain ?
Are landlines really that important these days ?
In the domestic setting , landlines are already starting to wane .
Where once mobile phones were just for people on the move , in many homes they are now the handsets of choice - the first port of call to make or receive a call .
The thrust of BT 's latest advertising campaign alludes to this receding tide .
Once the landline phone was an essential .
Now , it 's a luxury to be savoured compared with the hit - and - miss tourist class experience of chatting on a mobile .
" If a conversation 's worth having , use your landline , " runs the strapline at the end of the TV ad .
So as the mobile internet market slowly grows , will the need for landlines disappear altogether ?
' Gee - whizzness '
For many young people in rented accommodation , the idea a landline phone is already anachronistic , says Ben Highmore , a lecturer in old and new technology at University of Sussex .
But within this generational divide , many people share a strong , psychological attachment to landline phones .
Suburbia , the 70s and a landline phone - the very essence of settled life " Having a landline is about having a commitment to place as much as anything , " says Mr Highmore , himself speaking from a landline phone .
" Mobile phones are about mobility in a much deeper sense than just convenience .
It 's about not being rooted in the same way as a landline , which gives a feeling of stability . "
There 's a practical benefit too , because landlines offer you the means to ring a household , rather than a person , which on some occasions may be all you need .
And like many new technologies , mobiles represent a compromise in quality , because landlines offer a clearer line .
" There is a terrible gee - whizzness to celebrating the new , for the sake of new . "
In the US , one in five homes is without a landline as more people " cut the cord " during the recession and save money .
The latest wheeze for those with defunct phone sockets is a reading lamp that takes its power from the electrical charge that comes down a phone line .
Research conducted for the European Commission at the end of 2007 suggested 15 % of UK households had mobile phone access but were without a fixed phone line into their home , 2 % up from 2006 .
But that 's still a small proportion compared with the Czech Republic ( 63 % ) and Finland ( 61 % ) , which is home to the world 's biggest mobile phone maker , Nokia .
One of those British householders who fits into this category is James Parker , a 27 - year - old who moved into a rented flat in Chester that had no landline .
Like many people , he had no fears about not having a landline to make phone calls .
" My initial concern was that was fine , because I 'm more than happy to use my mobile for calls .
Lots of households with younger people tend to use mobile phones for calls even if they have a fixed line , because it 's easier than getting up off the couch and they can send text messages . "
Mr Parker knows more than most about comparative costs thanks to his job at the price comparison website MoneySupermarket.com .
The only concern he had about not having a landline was not having a line for broadband , but weighing up the options - and the £ 120 price tag of getting a line installed - he thought he could get away with mobile broadband instead .
MOBILE BROADBAND IN THE UK
Three million UK homes have mobile broadband access Many of them use ' dongles ' which plug into computers
They enable internet access from anywhere with a mobile signal Globally , the rate of growth of high - speed mobile connections has increased two - thirds in the last year
Mobile broadband speed ' too slow '
Using a USB dongle he connects to the internet via a mobile phone network , for £ 15 a month .
But he concedes it 's not as fast as broadband down a fixed line .
" It can be quite hit and miss at different times of day but I only use the internet to check e-mails , a small amount of browsing and to download the odd song .
I do n't download movies .
It 's fine for me , but if you 're more than a light user then you would need to get a fixed line broadband . "
The experience of Mr Parker and others shows we are slowly moving away from landline dependence , says Rob Webber , commercial director at Broadband Expert , although landlines still provide much more reliable internet access .
" The technology of mobile broadband has taken off in the past two years but [ it ] is struggling a little to keep up .
" If you 're lucky enough to get a strong 3G signal then the technology is fine .
It 's not as fast as a strong home connection but you probably get one to two megabits per second . "
That 's ok for " everyday life " although " not really suitable for online gaming or downloading and streaming videos " .
But Mr Parker thinks that could change in three to four years with the next generation of mobile telecommunications - 4G .
Some being tested now achieve speeds of up to 100 megabits per second .
Collapse under demand " Once that technology does arrive , then people will just ditch their home phones , ditch their home broadband connections and just have this on a device which will provide them with broadband anywhere they go .
Just like a dongle now put in a laptop or home computer . "
But Phil Sayer , principal analyst at Forrester Research , urges us not to start drawing up our landline cancellation requests just yet .
Anyone who remembers the hype which surrounded 3G in the late 1990s will know where he 's coming from .
HOW AFRICA 'LEAPFROGGED ' UK Africa has the fastest - growing mobile phone market in the world
In countries like South Africa , mobile phones outnumber fixed lines by eight - to - one Millions of Africans use mobiles to bank Some of these countries never had an extensive landline network ... ... so they can expand their mobile broadband network slowly as demand increases " It 's great to talk about speeds of 50 to 100 megabits but we need to walk before we can run .
Rolling out another high - speed network when they have n't finished the job on the current one does n't make a very satisfactory consumer offer for people that do n't live in central London . "
Access to mobile broadband is useless because providers promise " up to " seven megabits per second but whether you get that depends on many variables , such as how close you are to a transmitter , how many people are also trying to use that transmitter and whether you 're in a concrete - encased building like an office block .
" For the service to be universally usable and to use on the move , the coverage needs to be much better than it is today .
But the wider question is whether there is an incentive to improve it because no - one wants to pay more than they do . "
Places like Finland are way ahead because they can provide fast and reliable service , he says .
Unlike the UK .
If White Noise really happened and all fixed lines were disabled tomorrow , says Mr Sayer , the mobile network would simply collapse under the demand .
Below is a selection of your comments .
There are many places in England never mind the remoter parts of the U.K. where the mobile network just does n't work .
I live on the border of Lancashire and Yorkshire and it is not just the odd place where the mobile reception is unacceptable .
When this is no longer the case mobile phones would be fine for all occassions .
John Holt , Horwich Bolton
The article implied that no fixed line / landline phone means you need to use mobile internet .
Not so .
It 's the combination of fixed line broadband and mobile phones that is making fixed line telephones redundant .
We have fixed line broadband - a 110 megabit fibre optic connection , but we got rid of our landline phone 5 or 6 years ago , it was barely used .
Why pay  100 line rental per year for nothing ?
Local calls tend to be made by mobile .
International calls are initiated by mobile giving both parties time to switch on a PC and fire up Skype or MS Messenger .
Both programmes allow free video calls when the other person has a PC and the same software .
Skype also allows us to call international landlines for a few cents per minute .
Michael ( British ex- pat ) , Pori , Finland " There 's a practical benefit too , because landlines offer you the means to ring a household , rather than a person " .
This is one of the reasons we do n't have a landline .
No more hoax calls , or sales calls .
Internet via cable , free minutes and texts on mobile or Skype on the mobile , the monthly tariff for line rental alone is more than my mobile phone rate .
If BT would offer internet without the phone , they may be on to something .
Sarah , Swindon , UK I 'd quite happily get rid of the landline today , except that various credit card companies etc insist you have a landline to apply for credit .
If you do n't , you get rejected automatically !
Crazy but true !
I last encountered this only last week when I gave my mobile number as the contact number when applying for a loan .
The company called me and said everything was fine except they needed my landline number !
Paul , Belfast Landlines provide a safeguard in that they 're linked to an address .
This can be a significant factor if you 're a buyer or seller .
For example , I would n't consider buying an expensive product or service from someone who only offered a mobile phone number .
Graham Barker , Hebden Bridge , UK
No consideration has been given to the use of an answering machine .
This feature only goes with land line phones .
I have to screen all my calls with my answering machine because of the volume of wrong numbers and crank calls .
Another consideration is getting all cell phone numbers into the phone book .
I do n't think that eliminating land lines is practical .
Al Finch , Lindenwold , NJ , USA I do NOT agree to cutting of the line .
I have recently purchased a land line phone with large letters and numbers so that my sister who is loosing her sight can continue to make phone calls - she cannot see the board on a mobile phone it is to small .
Also there are people with arthritic hands who would find difficulty using the small mobile phone .
Can you imagine the size the mobile phone would have to be to enable some people to use it , they would need a large bag to carry it - or need a very large pocket .
OK for the young but they will get old one day !
Margery Palmer , Harpenden England Companies such as Sky and Virgin often need a landline for there set top box to be used .
There is still a large impact of not having a landline : technological and cultural .
There are still companies that require you to have a landline to provide services such as utilities etc .
Until many things are sorted I do believe that landlines are here to stay .
Geoffrey Coad , Harrow , UK I bought a new build home last May .
When I looked at the cost of installing a land line , it was £ 165 , even though the wiring is all in place .
It is not cost effective , I can manage just as well with a mobile and use the internet at work , I do n't miss it at home at all .
Jo , Derby I still have a land line for my internet connection , but I have n't had a phone connected to it for a couple of years .
It has n't been missed one bit - and we certainly appreciate the peace , as almost all the calls we used to get on it were marketing calls .
Andrew Rickinson , London A BT landline ( just rental ) seems to be very expensive and that 's before you make any calls , or have any broadband connection !
Also , they charge you in advance and pretend you are in debt to them .
Unless landlines get significantly cheaper ( and you are charged in arrears as per every other utility ) , many people will jump at the chance to get rid of them .
BE , London , UK
There are many places in England never mind the remoter parts of the U.K. where the mobile network just does n't work .
I live on the border of Lancashire and Yorkshire and it is not just the odd place where the mobile reception is unacceptable .
When this is no longer the case mobile phones would be fine for all occasions .
John Holt , Horwich Bolton
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Paper darkens as it grows old , but vellum just goes duller white , like the belly of a snake : looking at some of the manuscripts through which learning made its serpentine passage across the medieval world makes it obvious that you could n't call those ages " dark " .
The library of The Royal Observatory in Edinburgh holds one of the finest collections of early astronomical books and manuscripts in the world , collected by Lord Crawford in the 19th century .
He left them to the city on condition that they built an observatory to house them .
Being civilised , the city fathers did .
So there I was on Tuesday , touching the vellum of a 13th century manuscript of Alhazen , another of Aristotle , and then a first edition of Copernicus ' De Revolutionibus and one of Kepler 's Nova Astronomia .
In the shelves on the wall were Galileo 's works .
The frontispiece from a first edition of De Revolutionibus Orbi by Nicolaus Copernicus in the collection of the Royal Observatory , Edinburgh .
Photograph : Andrew Brown/guardian.co.uk
We were meant to be making a radio programme – an interval talk for Radio 3 – but the producer and I and our guest Ken MacLeod just frolicked round that room of priceless books like salmon woken by a spate .
Serious work was impossible for a while .
There was nothing to say that was adequate in the face of so much beauty and so much history ; for anyone who writes , the feel of a physical object which has been read for 800 years is a quite extraordinary thrill .
Alhazen is almost forgotten now , and Aristotle little read or acknowledged outside the Roman Catholic intelligentsia .
But when those first manuscripts were only three hundred years old , the books which we all know have changed the world were published .
First there was Copernicus – the library has a first edition of his book , although there are only 276 known in the world .
Then came Kepler 's Nova Astronomia and his Harmonice Mundi , the books in which he laid out his three laws .
These really are the books which ended the medieval world view .
But what they did not represent was a struggle against religion , or " the church " .
Copernicus , of course , was a canon .
Kepler was extremely devout .
As a Lutheran , he was under suspicion at the court of the Catholic Holy Roman Emperor , Rudolph I ; he was also under suspicion from his own side for being too friendly with the Calvinists at university .
There 's no doubt at all that he was trying – like Newton – to understand God when he was trying to understand the heavens .
What is more interesting is to consider the kind of understanding , and the kind of God , which he had in mind .
And here , I think , the clue is to be found in the decorations and the illustrations of his books .
The margins of Kepler 's Harmonice Mundi contain numerous snatches of musical notation ( he had read , and profited from , a book on music by Galileo 's father ) .
For Kepler , harmony was " geometrical proportions which he finds reflected everywhere , the archetypes of universal order , from which the planetary laws , the harmonies of music , the drift of the weather , and the fortunes of man are derived . " to quote from Arthur Koestler 's history of the cosmology , The Sleepwalkers .
Koestler continues :
These geometrical ratios are the pure harmonies which guided God in the work of Creation ; the sensory harmony which we perceive by listening to musical con­sonances is merely an echo of it .
But that inborn instinct in man which makes his soul resonate to music , provides him with a clue to the nature of the mathematical harmonies which are at its source .
The Pythagoreans had discovered that the octave originates in the ratio 1:2 between the length of the two vibrating strings , the fifth in the ratio of 2:3 , the fourth in 3:4 , and so on .
But they went wrong , says Kepler , when they sought for an explanation of this marvellous fact in occult number - lore .
The explanation why the ratio 3:5 , for instance , gives a concord , but 3:7 a discord , must be sought not in arith­metical , but in geometrical considerations .
It 's clear , I think , that what drove Kepler on through years and years of immensely tedious work – endless calculations of spherical geometry without even logarithms to help him – was the belief that there would be a harmony revealed , a single chord that might summon the whole universe to order and to resolve its horror .
Without it , he would never have persevered , and never have discovered the three laws which bear his name .
But the laws , as we would now understand them , are buried in the beauty .
What Kepler thought he had really found was something even more remarkable : to quote Koestler again ,
Saturn , for instance , when farthest away from the sun , in its aphelion , moves at the rate of 106 seconds arc per day ; when closest to the sun , and its speed is at maximum , at 135 seconds arc per day .
The ratio between the two extreme velocities is 106 to 135 , which only differs by two seconds from 4:5 - the major third .
With similar , very small deviations ( which were all per­fectly explained away at the end ) , the ratio of Jupiter 's slowest to its fastest motion is a minor third , Mars ' the quint , and so forth .
The extreme values yield in fact the intervals of the complete scale .
But not enough : if we start with the outermost planet , Saturn , in the aphelion , the scale will be in the major key ; if we start with Saturn in the perihelion , it will be in the minor key .
Lastly , if several planets are simultaneously at the extreme points of their respective orbits , the result is a motet where Saturn and Jupiter represent the bass , Mars the tenor , Earth and Venus the contralto , Mercury the soprano .
On some occa­sions , all six can be heard together .
I have no idea whether anyone has tried to write music based around this discovery ; and I assume , though I have not checked it , that the subsequent discoveries of Uranus and Neptune ( as well as the discovery , and then the undiscovery of Pluto ) would introduce some horrible noise to the concert .
But it was absolutely true as far as it went , and for Kepler the musical aspect was as true as the mathhematical one .
Neither was a more profound description of reality , though both , of course , were deeper and truer than the world as it presents itself to our gross senses .
This is n't a claim that all scientists are fired by a passion for God , or by imagination .
Of course they are all animated by their imaginations : everyone is .
The dream of a world containing only facts is itself an imaginative construct .
But to say this is to deny that there is a single imaginative temperament , or that imaginative people will come to see the world the same way .
And it 's manifestly not true that all scientists care for God ; in fact I think the discovery of DNA was at least partly a consequence of Francis Crick 's ferocious atheism .
A page from Harmonices Mundi by Johannes Kepler , showing musical notation , from the collection of the Royal Observatory , Edinburgh .
Photograph : Andrew Brown/guardian.co.uk
So the longing for harmony drives only one possible scientific temperament , as it drives one style of religious thought .
You can be a great scientist without that passion .
I think Darwin is a good example : he had what Stephen J Gould called a pluralist imagination .
Conversely , you could be a driven by a passion for order and harmony and partly for that reason be a bad scientist .
But the division goes back at least as far as Plato and Aristotle .
But it does not divide science from religion , nor even good science from bad .
It just suggests something of the extraordinary richness of history , and of the complexities of our engagement in the world .
Kepler finished Harmonice Mundi in 1618 just as the thirty years ' war was breaking out .
The population of his native Germany would be reduced by a third in the rest of the century .
Nothing so terrible would happen there again until 1945 .
But at the end of the book , he allowed himself one great triumphant shout :
In vain does the God of war growl , snarl , roar , and try to inter­rupt with bombards , trumpets , and his whole tarantantaran .
..
Let us despise the barbaric neighings which echo through these noble lands , and awaken our understanding and longing for the harmonies .
And that 's a voice , and a longing , we can hear just as clearly now .
Now , as then , a Dixie - oriented movement like this wo n’t remotely capture the White House .
Now , unlike then , it is a catastrophe for the Republicans .
The old G.O.P. Southern strategy is gone with the wind .
The more the party is identified with nasty name - calling , freak - show protestors , immigrant - bashing ( the proximate cause of Wilson ’s outburst at Obama ) and , yes , racism , the faster it will commit demographic suicide as America becomes ever younger and more diverse .
But Democrats should n’t be cocky .
Over the short term , the real economic grievances lurking beneath the extremism of the Beck brigades can do damage to both parties .
A stopped clock is right twice a day .
The recession - spawned anger that Beck has tapped into on the right could yet find a more mainstream outlet in a populist revolt from the left and center .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
“ Wall Street owns our government , ” Beck declared in one rant this July .
“ Our government and these gigantic corporations have merged . ”
He drew a chart to dramatize the revolving door between Washington and Goldman Sachs in both the Hank Paulson and Timothy Geithner Treasury departments .
A couple of weeks later , Beck mockingly replaced the stars on the American flag with the logos of corporate giants like G.E. , General Motors , Wal - Mart and Citigroup ( as well as the right ’s usual nemesis , the Service Employees International Union ) .
Little of it would be out of place in a Matt Taibbi article in Rolling Stone .
Or , we can assume , in Michael Moore ’s coming film , “ Capitalism : A Love Story , ” which reportedly takes on Goldman and the Obama economic team along with conservative targets .
Unlike liberal critics of capitalist inequities , of course , Beck and his claque are driven by an over - the - top detestation of government .
Washington is always the enemy , stealing their hard - earned money to redistribute it to the undeserving and shiftless poor ( some of whom just happen to be immigrants or black ) .
Though there is nothing Obama can do to stop racists from being racist , he could help stanch the economic piece of this by demonstrating how a reformed government can at times actually make Americans ’ lives better .
That ’s what F.D.R. did , and that ’s the promise Obama made , swaying some Republicans and even some racists , during the campaign .
Too many Americans are impatiently waiting for results .
It ’s hard to argue that the stimulus package reviled by big government - loathers is a success when unemployment continues to rise and most Americans feel none of the incipient “ recovery ” spotted by Ben Bernanke .
The potential dividends to be gained at the end of the protracted health care debate also remain , for now , an abstraction to many who have lost and are continuing to lose their jobs , their savings and their homes .
Nor has Obama succeeded in persuading critics on the left or right that he will do as much for those Americans who are suffering as he has for the corporations his administration and his predecessor ’s rushed to rescue .
To mark the anniversary of Lehman ’s fall , the president gave a speech on Wall Street last Monday again vowing reform .
But everyone ’s back to business as usual : The Wall Street Journal reported that not a single C.E.O. from a top bank attended .
The speech sank with scant notice because there has been so little action to back it up and because its conciliatory stance was tone - deaf to the anger beyond the financial district .
That same day a United States District Court judge in New York , Jed S. Rakoff , scathingly condemned the Obama Securities and Exchange Commission for letting Bank of America skate away with what Rakoff called an immoral and unjust wrist tap to settle charges that it covered up $ 3.6 billion paid out in bonuses when it purchased Merrill Lynch .
How is this S.E.C. a change from the Clinton - Bush S.E.C. that ignored all the red flags on Bernie Madoff ?
Beck frequently strikes the pose of an apocalyptic prophet , even insisting that he predicted 9/11 .
This summer he also started warning of domestic terrorism in the form of a new Timothy McVeigh .
On this , one fears he knows whereof he speaks .
For all our nation ’s unfinished business on race , racism is not Obama ’s biggest challenge during our unfinished Great Recession .
He  and our political system  are being seriously tested by a rage that is no less real for being shouted by a demagogue from Fox and a backbencher from South Carolina .
By Pablo Esparza
BBC Mundo
A dark street in Sao Paulo , where a power cut left millions without electricity
Several Latin American countries have recently been hit by major power shortages , raising concerns that the region is facing a serious energy crisis .
In some countries , like Venezuela and Ecuador , blackouts have become increasingly regular .
But there have also been other less frequent outages as far afield as Cuba and Brazil .
Earlier this month tens of millions of people in Brazil and Paraguay had dinners by candlelight due to a massive blackout in both countries .
Some people stay in the shower singing for at least 30 minutes .
Three minutes is more than enough
Hugo Chavez
Venezuelan president
The authorities in Brazil said the problem was caused by a severe storm which hit transmission lines that take power from the hydroelectric Itaipu dam on the border with Paraguay .
But if that was a one - off electricity cut , in neighbouring Venezuela , most provinces have had power shortages nearly every day in the last few weeks .
In Ecuador , President Rafael Correa was forced to introduce emergency measures earlier this month to deal with an energy crisis there .
Cuba too is facing similar troubles .
Reports say the authorities are planning " extreme " measures which are said to include the closure of some factories to save fuel .
Experts are now asking how is this possible in a region with such an abundance of natural resources ?
Climate factor
Some governments have blamed the energy crisis on global warming .
Countries like Venezuela and Ecuador are experiencing their worst droughts in 40 years .
A drought in Ecuador has led to big reductions in water at the Paute dam
This has led to a huge reduction in water levels at hydro- electric plants which supply electricity .
The Venezuelan President , Hugo Chavez , says the drought is being caused by the climatic effect of the El Nino weather phenomenon .
Venezuela has seen a 40 % increase in demand for energy in the last 10 years , and President Chavez says this too is contributing to the problem .
He also thinks Venezuelans are wasting energy and especially water which is in short supply .
" Some people stay in the shower singing for at least 30 minutes .
Three minutes is more than enough , " said Mr Chavez .
" One minute to get wet , another to put the soap on and the third to take it off .
Anymore time than this is a waste . "
However , some observers say the energy crisis cannot simply be attributed to El Nino and global warming .
Poor planning Daniel Montamat , a former Minister of Energy in Argentina , is in no doubt that " it is the result of a lack of planning long term in the energy sector " .
Nestor Luna from the Latin- American Energy Organisation agrees .
What we 're looking at is that every country is seeking its own way out
Daniel Montamat
Argentina 's former Minister of Energy " To think that the current power cuts are related to the weather would ignore the needed socio- economic improvements that force us to adapt and improve our life conditions . "
Daniel Montamat says another problem is that some governments do not have several sources of energy .
" Seventy per cent of the energy consumed in Venezuela comes from hydroelectric power plants .
In Ecuador there is a similar situation of high dependence and a lack of diversification of supply sources , " he explains .
Experts say a woeful lack of investment by governments across the region means they will have to spend vast sums in the future .
The Regional Commission of Energy Integration , which includes public and private companies , estimates that Latin America needs to spend about US $ 10 billion ( 6.7bn euros ) in the next decade to be able to supply 100 million people who have no access to electricity .
But , in the midst of a global recession , investment tends to become the first casualty as governments tighten budgets .
In Venezuela , for example , only a quarter of the allocated budget was spent on investments in energy .
Regional approach Experts also say if the region wants to solve the problem then there needs to be much greater integration and co-operation between governments in the energy market .
" What we 're looking at is that every country is seeking its own way out .
For instance , all the current importers of Bolivian gas are rebuilding pipelines to buy gas somewhere else , " says Daniel Montamat .
In recent years Bolivia has nationalised its gas industry and increased the cost of its energy exports , a move which some say has soured relations with Brazil and Argentina who import supplies from them .
Chile no longer relies on regional supplies of energy and now imports its gas from Indonesia .
According to the experts diversification of energy sources is key to ending power shortages , not simply sourcing resources from far away places .
In some countries , such as Argentina , Mexico and Brazil , nuclear plants generate electricity to meet a few percent of their needs , and there are plans or discussions about increasing the number of nuclear plants .
Even bio-fuels are being seen as an alternative by some governments in the region .
Unless governments find a viable lasting solution then candlelit dinners could be a regular feature in many Latin - American households for some time to come .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Everything you need to cut perfect templates – all in one low cost package from CNC Technology .
The AutoTEMP system makes the template making process quicker and easier than ever .
The AutoTEMP CNC Router is the perfect machine for template making .
When combined with our AutoTEMP controller software , custom
designed for template making , you have a system that will provide
you with accurate , ready - to - grind templates , time after time .
Enlarge Bloomberg News
A new study , the second in as many years , found that a prescription version of the drug niacin reduced artery plaque much better in eight months than ezetimibe , the active ingredient in Vytorin and Zetia .
Merck Research Laboraties , which makes ezetimibe , questions the limitations of the new study , which was small in size and stopped early .
ORLANDO 
The blockbuster cholesterol drugs Vytorin and Zetia suffered a major setback Sunday when doctors released the results of a second study in as many years that raises concerns about how well the drugs work .
The new study found that a prescription version of the drug niacin , used in different forms for half a century , reduced artery plaque significantly better in eight months than ezetimibe , the active ingredient in both Vytorin and Zetia .
Patients in the ezetimibe group also suffered more heart attacks and other major heart problems than those in the niacin group , but the numbers were too small to draw conclusions , says the lead author , Allen Taylor , of the Washington ( D.C. ) Hospital Center .
Q&A : What you should know about Vytorin , Zetia " The question is whether ezetimibe works at all , " Taylor says .
" Niacin has been around for 50 years .
It 's a well - understood drug , and in this trial it was a clear superior choice . "
Taylor acknowledged that the study has limitations , particularly its small size , and the fact that it was stopped after 14 months because patients in the niacin group were doing better .
Peter Kim , president of Merck Research Laboratories , ezetimibe 's maker , seized on the limitations to defend the drug .
" It would be very unfortunate if a flawed scientific analysis led patients to discontinue their cholesterol treatment , " Kim said .
The findings , released Sunday at an American Heart Association meeting and published online by the New England Journal of Medicine , come about a year after a previous study showed that Vytorin , a combination of ezetimibe and cholesterol - lowering simvastatin , worked no better than simvastatin alone .
Taken together , the studies dealt a body blow to a pair of drugs with sales of roughly $ 21 billion worldwide since 2003 , Securities and Exchange Commission documents show .
Vytorin and Zetia should be used for patients who can't adequately reduce their cholesterol with statins and niacin , says Roger Blumenthal , director of preventive cardiology at Johns Hopkins Cardiovascular Institute and author of an editorial detailing the limitations of the study .
The other drug used in the study was Niaspan , made by Abbott Laboratories , a slow - release form of niacin .
Niacin 's side effects of itching and flushing make it difficult for patients to tolerate , says Ralph Brindis of Kaiser Permanente in Oakland .
The study , sponsored by Abbott , involved 363 people who had heart disease or a high risk of heart problems .
All had been taking statins and had relatively low levels of bad cholesterol .
Half of the patients were given Niaspan , and half were given Zetia .
Ultrasound images of neck arteries showed that Niaspan reduced artery plaque by 2 % ; Zetia did not .
Two people in the Niaspan group had heart attacks or other major cardiac events , vs. nine in the Zetia group .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The first time I considered giving up my baby , Dan , I was lying alone in bed .
It was midnight , my children were asleep and my husband , a serviceman , was deployed away from home .
I was so taken aback by my thoughts that I sat bolt upright , ran to the bathroom and splashed cold water on my face .
It was dark , but I could see my silhouette in the mirror and I stared to see if I was looking at a demon instead of Dan 's mother .
I ran to Dan 's room , afraid that he was already gone .
But he was there , lying on his Thomas the Tank Engine sheets , sucking his thumb and breathing evenly .
I caressed his cheek with two fingers and he exhaled .
" I love you , little man , " I whispered and kissed his forehead , swallowing down the knot in my throat .
I went back to my room and sobbed into my pillow .
Dan was my adopted son .
He 's a little boy from South America who became part of my family several months before that frightening night .
He arrived through Miami international airport on a Monday afternoon and I was so anxious that on my six - hour drive to pick him up , I dug my nails into the steering wheel leaving marks I can still see today .
I could n't contain my excitement .
I had wanted to adopt for a long time , even before I met my husband or had my biological daughters .
I 've always wanted a large family , like the one I grew up with in Italy , and I love the chaos and liveliness of many kids .
I did lots of research on adoption , including attachment issues , and went through a thorough screening process with social workers .
We were approved , and began the long wait for a referral .
When they told us about Dan , I was ecstatic and convinced that I 'd be able to parent this little boy , the same way I had done with my biological daughters .
Our paediatrician diagnosed our son , when he arrived in the US , with some expected health problems and developmental delays .
His age was not certain – he had been found by the side of a road – but the doctor estimated he was a little younger than one year .
Dan lacked strength in his legs and had a completely flat head , from lying in a cot so many hours a day .
But the physical or developmental issues were n't the real problem .
Five or six months after his arrival , I knew that Dan was n't attaching .
We had expected his indifference towards my husband , who was deployed away from home for most of this time , but I worried that our son should have been closer to his sisters , and especially to me .
But Dan 's attachment problems were only half the story .
I also knew that I had issues bonding with him .
I was attentive , and provided Dan with a good home , but I was n't connecting with him on the visceral level I experienced with my biological daughters .
And while it was easy , and reassuring , to talk to all these experts about Dan 's issues , it was terrifying to look at my own .
I had never once considered the possibility that I 'd view an adopted child any differently than my biological children .
The realisation that I did n't feel for Dan the same way I felt for my own flesh and blood shook the foundations of who I thought I was .
I sought help and we had some attachment therapy to strengthen our relationship , but still I struggled .
One day I was on the phone with Jennifer , our social worker , when suddenly I blurted out that I could n't parent Dan , that things were too hard .
As soon as I said these words out loud , a flood of emotions washed over me , and I sobbed .
Jennifer did n't say anything , she waited patiently , and when I had nothing left , she asked me to start from the beginning .
We talked about my family ; about the problems my husband and I were having with Dan and , as a result , with each other ; about the girls and their partial indifference toward Dan ; and about some of my son 's specific challenges .
For the next several weeks , Jennifer and I spoke daily .
She mostly listened and told me to focus on Dan 's future and wellbeing above everything else .
My thoughts and emotions were disjointed .
One moment I was determined to keep Dan because I loved him .
An instant later , I realised that I was n't the parent I know I can be , and that I should place Dan with a better family , with a better mother .
As I wrestled with these demons , things remained very tense ; whenever my husband was home we fought incessantly .
Then early one morning Jennifer called , and told me that she had found a great family for Dan .
They had seen his pictures , heard his story and fallen in love with him .
The mother , Samantha , was a psychologist , and the family had adopted another boy with similar issues a couple of years before .
I spoke to Samantha and her husband a few times on the phone and instantly felt comfortable with them .
We decided that she should come down to meet Dan by herself , to ease the transition .
The decision was final .
Less than two years after he arrived , Dan would leave my home .
While waiting for Samantha to arrive , Jennifer helped me to talk to my kids , and other family members , but most importantly she held my hand when it came to speaking with my son .
I explained to him that he'd be joining his new family and that we loved him very much – that he had done nothing wrong .
I do n't know how much he understood .
For my first meeting with Dan 's new mum , I was a wreck .
I dressed him in one of his cutest outfits , strapped him into the car seat and took off to meet Samantha at a nearby McDonald's .
The ride was short , but each time I approached a traffic light , grief assailed me , and I turned around , determined to head back home .
The five - minute trip turned to a 30 - minute journey , and when I finally made it to the car park , I was frazzled .
My hands were shaking and my mouth was dry .
Samantha recognised us as soon as we got out of the car , and rushed over .
Her eyes lit up the moment she approached Dan , and she lowered herself to his height to hug him .
Over the next few days , Samantha and Dan got to know each other .
Finally , it was time for him to leave with her .
That morning , I awkwardly let her into the house and willed time to stop .
Hands shaking , I handed her Dan 's bag and some of his favourite toys .
My daughters were watching SpongeBob SquarePants and said goodbye to their brother almost nonchalantly , as if he was just going out for a bit and would soon be back .
I opened the front door of my home in slow motion .
It felt heavy and my feet stayed glued to the ground .
Samantha told me she would give me a few minutes alone with Dan and walked to her car .
I knelt and pulled Dan close , desperate to impress an indelible memory of my son on me , and me on him , inhaling his scent , feeling his soft skin and touching his hair .
In our last moments together , I stared into his eyes and told him I loved him and that I had tried to do my best .
His new mum would love him so , so much ; my little man would be OK .
He did n't cry , he stared back at me , then looked to Samantha and asked for more juice .
I was too overwhelmed to utter another word , but Samantha squeezed my hand and reassured me that Dan would know I had loved him and that I had done a good job .
Over the next few weeks I felt a mix of emotions – desperation , relief , sadness , guilt , shame , and acceptance .
After a couple of months at Samantha 's home , I learned that Dan was doing well and adjusting to his new life .
He was struggling with some issues , but I know that Samantha and her husband are the best parents Dan could possibly have .
The fact that he also has a sibling who has dealt with similar issues has made the transition easier .
My husband had originally asked me not to write about Dan , because I would only open myself up to criticism .
But I wrote this because Dan taught me a lot about myself and about parenting , and because I hope that by sharing this experience others can feel less alone in their failures .
I have more compassion for the mistakes we make as parents and I 'm far less willing to point the finger at others ' difficulties .
I do n't have anything left from Dan 's time with us .
Samantha did n't want Dan 's clothes – I think she preferred to make a fresh start , so I donated everything to the Salvation Army .
We do n't have Dan 's pictures around because my husband thought it would be too difficult , but in my wallet I carry a small close - up photo of his face .
When I think about him , I take it out and look into his big , dark eyes as a deep , endless sadness fills my heart .
Thank you , little Dan , for all that you have been to me , to us .
Despite my failures , I loved you the best way I could , and I 'll never forget you .
Postscript
This account first appeared on a blog several months ago .
Since then my family has come under intense public scrutiny in the US , where we live .
I knew there would be a lot of criticism , but my intention was to share a very personal experience .
I do n't mind the criticism , but I have been surprised by the degree of hatred displayed towards me and my family .
Some readers have made fun of my children 's looks .
There have been many positive comments , too , and I 'm thankful to the many families who shared their own painful stories with me .
I do not regret writing about Dan .
I shared this experience because when I saw my own shortcomings , I was humbled .
We all struggle with our weaknesses , too often alone .
Dan 's name and some other details have been changed to protect his identity .
Anita Tedaldi's blog is at ovolina.com
When love is not enough
The British Association of Adoption and Fostering ( BAAF ) estimates that one in five adoptions break down , although children who are " handed back " are usually older .
The younger the child , the lower the chance of the placement breaking down .
A study by the Maudsley Hospital in London found a breakdown rate of 8 % after one year and 29 % six years later .
On average , adoptions that broke down did so 34 months after placement .
Despite the negative publicity that overseas adoption has attracted in recent years , there is no evidence that they are more likely to break down than domestic placements .
Many studies have concluded that international adoption has , for the most part , been very successful , including for children who have spent their early years in institutions .
Children placed in stable , loving families , show a great capacity for catch - up – although a great deal depends on support from the wider family and adoption specialists , and the extent to which the adopters mix with other people from the country they adopted from .
The sad fact is that in many states of America , where Dan was adopted , this combination is less likely to be recognised as essential , despite the fact that overseas adoption tends to be far easier than it is here .
Also undoubtedly contributing to Dan 's adoption breakdown is the fact that for a minority of the most deprived children , major problems – especially in the area of attachment – do not go away , regardless of how much help , support , stability and indeed love , is provided .
Kate Hilpern
• This article was amended on Monday 23 November 2009 .
A sub -heading on the original suggested that when the author adopted a baby boy , she already had all her five daughters .
This has been corrected .
PICTURED : Majestic brown bears go head to head in remarkable 15 - minute duel
These two brown bears could n't have picked a more stunning setting to engage in a spot of rough and tumble .
In front of a spectacular , snow topped mountain range in Alaska , the giant animals took each other to task , with one even taking a crafty low side - swipe .
Despite one of the bears holding a definite weight advantage , the pair grappled and exchanged blows .
The bears fought each other in the middle of stunning Alaskan scenery for 15 minutes before wandering off to catch salmon in a nearby river
But after 15 minutes of hard combat they seemed happy to call it a draw and went hunting for salmon in a nearby river .
The incredible duel was captured on camera by amateur photographer Scott Cromwell during a special bear spotting trip .
He flew for six hours from Homer , Alaska , to Hallow Bay , which is part of the Katmai National Park , also in Alaska , just to see the majestic animals .
Back off !
Despite one of the bears holding a definite weight advantage , the pair grappled and exchanged blows
Scott , 38 , said : ' The guide and pilot flew us over a known area and we spotted a few bears so we landed on the beach a few hundred yards away from them .
' We walked up to about 250 ft from them and stood and watched from a dry part of the river bed .
' They instantly quit fishing for salmon in the river and ran out in the open in between us and the mountains .
' The smaller bear came out into the open first but then the bigger one galloped after it making a lot of noise .
Take that !
In front of a snow topped mountain range in Alaska , the giant animals took each other to task , with one even taking a crafty low side - swipe
' They circled around the whole large area a couple of times and then started wrestling right in front of us - we were no more than 100 ft away .
' I could n't believe what was happening - we had only just got off the plane and this all seemed to have happened instantly . '
Television repairman Scott said the bears battled for 15 minutes before getting bored or hungry and returning to hunting for salmon .
He added : ' I was leaning over the whole time while shooting , trying to get as close to the ground as possible without including any grass in the foreground .
' It truly was the most enjoyable 15 minutes of my life .
In fact the whole trip was the best six hours of my life .
Nissan has released another video in the series that feature the upcoming Nissan Leaf EV .
View the video in its entirety below .
This new video reveals a few addition details about the Leaf .
According to the company , the Leaf will feature LED powered headlights and taillights .
This design and use of LED technology will reduce the load on the battery system as LEDs operate with about 1/10 the electricity of conventional bulbs .
Additional design elements focus on aerodynamics of the vehicle .
According to Nissan , aerodynamics were a main focus throughout the design process .
For instance , the flat floor was designed to reduce wind resistance and the unique headlights were designed to reduce wind noise and resistance by splitting and redirecting airflow away from the outside mirrors .
Why did Nissan choose the unique shade of blue for the Leaf ?
According to the company , the color resembles " the color of the earth as seen from above . "
Nissan has named the Leaf blue as Aqua Globe .
The video goes into detail about the above aspects of the vehicle .
Source : Nissan
When Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton visited Indonesia earlier this year , she said : " If you want to know whether Islam , democracy , modernity , and women 's rights can coexist , go to Indonesia . "
When she visited Pakistan recently , she was polite but much more critical in her words , basically accusing some government officials of sheltering Taliban and Al Qaeda terrorists .
Indonesia and Pakistan , two non-Arab states , account for a quarter of the world 's 1.6 billion Muslims .
If democracy flourishes there , it could influence democracy 's progress in other Muslim , but Arab , lands .
American diplomacy toward Indonesia is quite different from its approach to Pakistan .
In the case of Indonesia , the tenor is dictated more by Indonesia than by the United States .
In the era of Sukarno , the nation 's first president after independence from the Dutch , Indonesia moved far to the left and cozied up to Communist China .
An abortive coup , and a horrifying purge that took at least 200,000 lives , left the Indonesian Communist Party decimated and a searing memory upon the nation 's psyche .
Indonesia moved back to the political center , and amity with the West , but was determined not to be anyone 's pawn .
US administrations have been astute in understanding this and maintaining discreet relationships with successive Indonesian regimes .
One noteworthy humanitarian move took place in 2005 when the US mounted a major relief effort after the Asian tsunami .
About 15,000 US service personnel , operating from the carrier Abraham Lincoln , supported heli­copter flights carrying food , water , and other aid to the victims .
After Sukarno , Indonesia had a disappointing three - decade rule by General Suharto , during which the Army remained vigilant and influential .
But free elections have helped Indonesian politics blossom in recent years .
This year , popular President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was reelected .
Indonesia has effected this transformation by itself and has similarly pursued Islamist extremists who killed more than 200 people in the Bali bombing in 2002 , and bombed Jakarta this year .
Despite these events , Indonesia has been able to maintain its commitment to a more moderate version of Islam .
By contrast , US diplomacy toward Pakistan has been more robust and intrusive .
Different administrations have played politics with a series of Pakistani leaders as that country has drifted in and out of military rule with periods of unsettled democracy .
The US will soon have a permanent icon of its involvement with a fortified new embassy said to contain more than 1,500 personnel on 18 acres of land in Islamabad .
Understandably the US has more at stake , and a more complex relationship , with Pakistan than it does with Indonesia .
Pakistan has nuclear weapons ; lives in a terrorist - laden region ; is suspicious of India on one border and of a mélange of government - defying tribes straddled across another , ill - defined border .
The Pakistani government bridles at US drones hunting across its border for Al Qaeda and Taliban extremists .
It must bristle sometimes at its lack of control over its own military intelligence service cutting deals with unknown groups .
It wants billions of aid from America but feels humiliated by US demands that there be oversight of how it is spent .
Secretary Clinton says trust must be two - way , but US diplomacy and presence have been hot and cold with Pakistan over the years .
All this may be challenging for Pakistanis , now themselves engaged in a war against extremism .
But for America , recently discovering new plots at home by would - be terrorists trained in Pakistan , the consequences of new attacks on the homeland originating from Pakistan could be dire .
US diplomacy must sometimes be delicate and deft , as it is with Indonesia .
It must sometimes nudge , as it is doing in Pakistan .
The immediate effect of nudging must be progress in the campaign against terrorism .
The bigger picture must be the process to strengthen Pakistan 's democratic structure and self - sufficiency , making it an example to the rest of the Muslim world .
John Hughes , a former editor of the Monitor , writes a biweekly column for the Monitor 's weekly print edition .
At the 1907 International Anarchist Congress in Amsterdam , Emma Goldman ( 1869-1940 ) and Max Baginski ( 1864-1943 ) spoke on the relationship between individualism , autonomy and organization , supporting a conception of anarchist organization which respects individual autonomy .
Goldman and Baginski had traveled from the United States to attend the Congress .
As Baginski makes clear , their argument that individuality and autonomy can and must be respected in anarchist organizations in no way signified opposition to such organizations , such as those favoured by the anarcho - syndicalists , whose views were represented by Amadée Dunois in his previously posted speech at the Congress .
Emma Goldman ’s positive assessment of anarcho- syndicalism , “ Syndicalism : Its Theory and Practice , ” is reproduced as Selection 59 in Volume One of Anarchism : A Documentary History of Libertarian Ideas .
The translation is by Nestor McNab and is taken from Studies for a Libertarian Alternative : The International Anarchist Congress , Amsterdam , 1907 , published by the Anarchist Communist Federation in Italy ( Federazione dei Comunisti Anarchici – FdCA ) ; paperback edition available from AK Press .
EMMA GOLDMAN : I , too , am in favour of organization in principle .
However , I fear that sooner or later this will fall into exclusivism .
Dunois has spoken against the excesses of individualism .
But these excesses have nothing to do with true individualism , as the excesses of communism have nothing to do with real communism …
I , too , will accept anarchist organization on just one condition : that it be based on the absolute respect for all individual initiatives and not obstruct their development or evolution .
The essential principle of anarchy is individual autonomy .
The International will not be anarchist unless it wholly respects this principle .
Max Baginski :
An error that is too often made is believing that individualism rejects organization .
The two terms are , on the contrary , inseparable .
Individualism more specifically means working for inner mental liberation of the individual , while organization means association between conscious individuals with a goal to reach or an economic need to satisfy .
We must not however forget that a revolutionary organization requires particularly energetic and conscious individuals .
The accusation that anarchy is destructive rather than constructive and that accordingly anarchy is opposed to organization is one of the many falsehoods spread by our adversaries .
They confuse today ’s institutions with organization and thus cannot understand how one can fight the former and favour the latter .
The truth is , though , that the two are not identical .
The State is generally considered to be the highest form of organization .
But is it really a true organization ?
Is it not rather an arbitrary institution cunningly imposed on the masses ?
Industry , too , is considered an organization ; yet nothing is further from the truth .
Industry is piracy of the poor at the hands of the rich .
We are asked to believe that the army is an organization , but careful analysis will show that it is nothing less than a cruel instrument of blind force .
Public education : are not the universities and other scholastic institutions perhaps models of organization , which offer people fine opportunities to educate themselves ?
Far from it : schools , more than any other institution , are nothing more than barracks , where the human mind is trained and manipulated in order to be subjected to the various social and mental phantoms , and thus rendered capable of continuing this system of exploitation and oppression of ours .
Instead , organization as we understand it is something different .
It is based on freedom .
It is a natural , spontaneous grouping of energies to guarantee beneficial results to humanity .
It is the harmony of organic development that produces the variety of colours and forms , the combination that we so admire in a flower .
In the same way , the organized activity of free human beings imbued with the spirit of solidarity will result in the perfection of social harmony , which we call anarchy .
Indeed , only anarchy makes the non-authoritarian organization of common interests possible , since it abolishes the antagonism that exists between individuals and classes .
In the current situation , the antagonism of economic and social interests produces an unceasing war between social units and represents an insurmountable obstacle on the road to collective well - being .
There exists an erroneous conviction that organization does not encourage individual freedom and that , on the contrary , it causes a decay of individual personality .
The reality is , however , that the true function of organization lies in personal development and growth .
Just as the cells of an animal , through reciprocal co-operation , express latent powers in the formation of the complete organism , so the individual reaches the highest level of his development through co-operation with other individuals .
An organization , in the true sense of the word , cannot be the product of a union of pure nothingness .
It must be made up of self - conscious and intelligent persons .
In fact , the sum of the possibilities and activities of an organization is represented by the expression of the single energies .
It follows logically that the greater the number of strong , self - conscious individuals in an organization , the lesser the danger of stagnation and the more intense its vital element .
Anarchism supports the possibility of organization without discipline , fear or punishment , without the pressure of poverty : a new social organism that will end the terrible struggle for the means of subsistence , the vicious struggle that damages man ’s best qualities and continually widens the social abyss .
In short , anarchism struggles for a form of social organization that will ensure well - being for all .
The embryo of this organization can be found in the type of syndicalism that has freed itself from centralization , bureaucracy and discipline , that encourages autonomous , direct action by its members .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States reversed policy on Wednesday and said it would back launching talks on a treaty to regulate arms sales as long as the talks operated by consensus , a stance critics said gave every nation a veto .
The decision , announced in a statement released by the U.S. State Department , overturns the position of former President George W. Bush ’s administration , which had opposed such a treaty on the grounds that national controls were better .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States would support the talks as long as the negotiating forum , the so - called Conference on the Arms Trade Treaty , “ operates under the rules of consensus decision - making . ”
“ Consensus is needed to ensure the widest possible support for the Treaty and to avoid loopholes in the Treaty that can be exploited by those wishing to export arms irresponsibly , ” Clinton said in a written statement .
While praising the Obama administration ’s decision to overturn the Bush - era policy and to proceed with negotiations to regulate conventional arms sales , some groups criticized the U.S. insistence that decisions on the treaty be unanimous .
“ The shift in position by the world ’s biggest arms exporter is a major breakthrough in launching formal negotiations at the United Nations in order to prevent irresponsible arms transfers , ” Amnesty International and Oxfam International said in a joint statement .
However , they said insisting that decisions on the treaty be made by consensus “ could fatally weaken a final deal . ”
“ Governments must resist US demands to give any single state the power to veto the treaty as this could hold the process hostage during the course of negotiations .
We call on all governments to reject such a veto clause , ” said Oxfam International ’s policy adviser Debbie Hillier .
The proposed legally binding treaty would tighten regulation of , and set international standards for , the import , export and transfer of conventional weapons .
Supporters say it would give worldwide coverage to close gaps in existing regional and national arms export control systems that allow weapons to pass onto the illicit market .
Nations would remain in charge of their arms export control arrangements but would be legally obliged to assess each export against criteria agreed under the treaty .
Governments would have to authorize transfers in writing and in advance .
The main opponent of the treaty in the past was the U.S. Bush administration , which said national controls were better .
Last year , the United States accounted for more than two - thirds of some $ 55.2 billion in global arms transfer deals .
Arms exporters China , Russia and Israel abstained last year in a U.N. vote on the issue .
The proposed treaty is opposed by conservative U.S. think tanks like the Heritage Foundation , which said last month that it would not restrict the access of “ dictators and terrorists ” to arms but would be used to reduce the ability of democracies such as Israel to defend their people .
The U.S. lobbying group the National Rifle Association has also opposed the treaty .
A resolution before the U.N. General Assembly is sponsored by seven nations including major arms exporter Britain .
It calls for preparatory meetings in 2010 and 2011 for a conference to negotiate a treaty in 2012 .
I have a clear memory of arguing with a school friend about which Stephen King novel was the most frightening .
He was in firm favour of The Shining , while I believed that Salem 's Lot was about as close to pants - wettingly terrifying as one could get without requiring a change of underwear .
In fact the discussion became quite heated .
A pencil may even have been flung .
We were 11 .
Current wisdom may suggest that 11 is a little young to be tackling a great deal , if not all , of the King oeuvre , but books such as Salem 's
Lot were but one element of a pre-adolescent appetite for the uncanny that encompassed novelisations of old Hammer films , dodgy Pan anthologies of horror fiction edited by the delightfully named Herbert Van Thal , and classics of the genre from Bram Stoker 's Dracula to the short stories of M.R. James .
These were ' ' adult ' ' books , I suppose , but when I was a young reader there was no '' young adult ' ' genre to explore in fiction .
Once the junior section of the library had been exhausted , the adult section beckoned : H.G , Wells to begin with , then John Wyndham , Alistair MacLean and Ian Fleming , before discovering Stephen King and a lifelong love of supernatural fiction .
Like a lot of boys , I was curious about the darkness , and I quite liked being scared a little , as long as I was in control of the medium .
I can't ever remember closing a book because it frightened me , but there were a couple that I tended not to read when alone in the house , or when I was sitting up in bed at night .
After all , I might have been adventurous when it came to my literary tastes , but I was n't stupid .
November 6 , 2009
BY NOW EVERYBODY ON THE PLANET KNOWS about the killing of 12 people and wounding of 31 others at Fort Hood in Texas .
There 's no doubt that this is a tragedy for the families and friends of the slain .
But from a tragedy like this there will inevitably issue forth a second tragedy - the racist , anti-Muslim hysteria that will follow because the man - Major Nidal Malik Hasan - was from a Palestinian background .
And that hysteria - already in evidence in online newspaper comments boxes - will obscure the real issues and the real reasons for this tragedy .
Hiding from the truth will only ensure more tragedies like this in the future .
So , let 's go through some of the truths .
1 ) The sheer racism involved in immediately speculating on the religion of the shooter .
Back in May , an Army Sgt. stationed in Iraq and suffering from PTSD shot and killed five of his fellow soldiers .
That man 's name - John Russell - was Anglo Saxon .
Nobody speculated on the role of his religion in the killing .
In this instance , as an article in the New York Times makes clear , Hasan , who joined the military out of patriotism , faced harassment for being Muslim and wanted out , even pursuing a failed legal route to early discharge .
As a psychiatrist , he had counseled many returning vets who suffered PTSD .
The combination of these two things apparently made him " mortified " at the prospect of being sent to Iraq or Afghanistan .
2 ) This racism also provides a cover for the fact that men and women trained to kill and who experience the brutality of enforcing occupations in Afghanistan and Iraq , suffer from mental breakdowns , suicides and commit murders at far higher rates than the general population .
A 2007 CBS News investigation into military suicides found :
" Veterans aged 20 through 24 , those who have served during the war on terror ... had the highest suicide rate among all veterans , estimated between two and four times higher than civilians the same age .
( The suicide rate for non-veterans is 8.3 per 100,000 , while the rate for veterans was found to be between 22.9 and 31.9 per 100,000 . ) "
And according to an article in the Washington Post , based in part upon an investigation by the Colorado Springs Newspaper , the rate of homicides amongst veterans from the Fourth Infantry Division 's Fourth Brigade were 114 times higher than the rate amongst the general population in Colorado Springs , where they are stationed stateside .
" During their deployment , some soldiers killed civilians at random -- in some cases at point - blank range -- used banned stun guns on captives , pushed people off bridges , loaded weapons with illegal hollow - point bullets , abused drugs and occasionally mutilated the bodies of Iraqis , according to accounts the Gazette attributed to soldiers who said they witnessed the events . "
Another study by the New York Times found that at least 120 people had been killed by returning vets .
However , the Times itself assumes that this is a conservative number since it was reached only by looking at newspaper reports and it only includes active - duty soldiers and new veterans .
The CBS survey used government statistics .
3 ) The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have led to the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of innocents and the destruction of infrastructure and social networks that will take generations to repair .
The media and government are utter , utter hypocrites to condemn these murders while taking no note - or reporting as simply normal operation procedure - the families slaughtered wholesale by US drones that fire missiles at wedding and funeral parties , into Pakistani villages .
In Afghanistan alone there have been an estimated 8,400 - 28,000 direct and indirect civilian deaths caused by ISAF and US forces .
4 ) Mass murder has become as American as apple pie with dozens killed in spree murders this year alone .
What is it about American society that brings about such a large number of these types of violent acts ?
The roots have to be found in the fact that America is the world 's biggest , most violent empire , whose means of domination and largest single budget outlay goes towards the
military .
This year alone the military will take up to $ 700 billion directly with more indirectly through military aid to countries such as Israel and Colombia .
This is a country jacked on violence .
America , as the wealthiest nation on earth , also had the third highest levels of inequality and poverty in a study by the OECD released in 2008 .
The only two countries above the US were Turkey and Mexico .
The combination of poverty and glorified violence , in the shadow of historically unprecedented levels of wealth creation is key to understanding the prevalence of violence in America .
There is a danger that in the days following the Fort Hood shootings , the right and the media will whip up terrible racism .
Arguing wherever possible the real reasons for this terrible act will be an important part of the ideological struggle to maintain the momentum of opposition to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
We must n't allow the truth to drown in a sea of racist filth .
Your body is probably home to a chemical called bisphenol A , or BPA .
It ’s a synthetic estrogen that United States factories now use in everything from plastics to epoxies  to the tune of six pounds per American per year .
That ’s a lot of estrogen .
More than 92 percent of Americans have BPA in their urine , and scientists have linked it  though not conclusively  to everything from breast cancer to obesity , from attention deficit disorder to genital abnormalities in boys and girls alike .
Now it turns out it ’s in our food .
Consumer Reports magazine tested an array of brand - name canned foods for a report in its December issue and found BPA in almost all of them .
The magazine says that relatively high levels turned up , for example , in Progresso vegetable soup , Campbell ’s condensed chicken noodle soup , and Del Monte Blue Lake cut green beans .
The magazine also says it found BPA in the canned liquid version of Similac Advance infant formula ( but not in the powdered version ) and in canned Nestlé Juicy Juice ( but not in the juice boxes ) .
The BPA in the food probably came from an interior coating used in many cans .
New York ( CNN ) --
The federal government moved Thursday to seize assets belonging to the Alavi Foundation and the Assa Corp. , including a Manhattan skyscraper and four mosques , citing alleged links to the Iranian government .
Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York , announced Thursday 's filing of an amended civil complaint seeking forfeiture of the Alavi Foundation 's interest in the 36 - story office tower located on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan .
The tower is owned by 650 Fifth Avenue Company , a partnership between the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. , the Justice Department said .
The amended complaint alleges that the Alavi Foundation provided services to the Iranian government and transferred money from 650 Fifth Avenue Company to Bank Melli , Iran 's largest state - owned financial entity .
U.S. and European Union officials last year designated Bank Melli as a proliferator for supporting Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and funneling money to the Revolutionary Guard and Quds Force , considered terrorist groups by the United States .
Bank Melli issued a statement last year denying involvement in any deceptive banking practices .
Thursday 's amended complaint seeks forfeiture of all assets of the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. , including bank accounts owned by 650 Fifth Avenue Company , the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. ; and properties owned by the foundation in New York , Maryland , Virginia , Texas and California .
It alleges that the properties were " involved in and [ were ] the proceeds of money laundering offenses , " and that the owners violated the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , executive orders and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations .
" As today 's complaint alleges in great detail , the Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran , " Bharara said .
" For two decades , the Alavi Foundation 's affairs have been directed by various Iranian officials , including Iranian ambassadors to the United Nations , in violation of a series of American laws .
The Alavi Foundation 's former president remains under investigation for alleged obstruction of justice , and both the criminal and civil investigations are ongoing . "
John Winter , a New York lawyer representing the Alavi Foundation , said his client would challenge the complaint .
" We 're obviously disappointed that the government brought this action because we have been cooperating with the government since this investigation began about a year ago and we intend to litigate this matter , " he said in a telephone interview .
" It may take some time , but at the end of this litigation , we 're of the mind that we 're going to prevail here . "
The buildings remained open and were continuing to operate as usual .
" There are no allegations of any wrongdoing on the part of any of these tenants or occupants , " said Yusill Scribner , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York in a written statement .
" The tenants and occupants remain free to use the properties as they have before today 's filing . "
According to the complaint , the New York tower was built in the 1970s by a nonprofit organization operated by the Shah of Iran to pursue the country 's charitable interests in the United States .
Bank Melli financed its construction in prime real estate near Rockefeller Center .
In 1979 , after the Iranian revolution , the Islamic Republic of Iran established the Bonyad Mostazafan of New York , since renamed the Alavi Foundation , to take possession of and manage property it had expropriated from the former government , including the Fifth Avenue building .
Calls to the Iranian Mission were not immediately returned .
The mosques are in New York , Maryland , California and Texas .
At the Islamic Institute of New York in Queens , two worshipers said they found out about the move Thursday as they arrived for evening prayers .
The front page of the court document stating the terms of the case was tacked to the front door accompanied by a letter from the U.S. Attorney 's office to the Mostazafan Foundation .
A senior Justice Department official , trying to blunt any criticism from Muslim groups , told reporters that the government is moving against the Iranian landlords of the buildings , not targeting or " seizing mosques " as religious - oriented facilities .
The mosques just happen to be among the tenants of the buildings in question , the official said .
But , in a statement , the Council on American - Islamic Relations called the move unprecedented and said it may have First Amendment implications .
" Whatever the details of the government 's case against the owners of the mosques , as a civil rights organization we are concerned that the seizure of American houses of worship could have a chilling effect on the religious freedom of citizens of all faiths and may send a negative message to Muslims worldwide , " said CAIR National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper .
He said the move comes at a bad time , given the community 's fear of a backlash resulting from a Muslim psychiatrist being charged in the deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood in Texas .
Relations between Iran and much of the international community have been tense in recent years over Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Iran states that it wants to develop its nuclear program solely for peaceful purposes ; the United States and a number of other countries have said they suspect the oil - rich nation is pursuing a nuclear bomb .
In another U.S. - Iran development , President Obama said Thursday in a letter to Congress that the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in 1979 during the Iranian revolution has not ended .
" Our relations with Iran have not yet returned to normal , and the process of implementing the January 19 , 1981 , agreements with Iran is still under way , " Obama wrote in an official " notice of continuation " required to extend the emergency status with Iran beyond the anniversary date of November 14 .
" For these reasons , I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared on November 14 , 1979 , with respect to Iran , beyond November 14 , 2009 . "
CNN 's Terry Frieden , Brian Todd , Deb Feyerick , Eddie DeMarche and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .
The government just announced plans to remove essential responsible lending laws that protect people from reckless lending by Australia 's banks .
Will you email the Senators who represent you to stop this proposal in its tracks ?
E.J. McMahon , director at the Manhattan Institute says New York deficits amount to financial emergency .
New York state 's huge and growing budget gap requires government to take drastic actions to correct it , said E.J. McMahon , director of the Empire Center for New York State Policy at the Manhattan Institute .
McMahon spoke to the Council of Industry , a regional trade group , Friday at the Powelton Club .
He charted flat revenues against expected spending if nothing is changed and showed a $ 20 billion gap looming by 2012 - 13 .
McMahon said the state must declare a financial emergency and enact a statutory freeze on public - sector wages for at least three years .
State law allows this and enables contracts to be voided , he said .
It would save at the rate of $ 2 billion a year for state , local and school taxpayers .
McMahon also called for shutting down the state 's pension systems to new entrants and giving them instead a plan similar to one of the alternatives for the State University system , in which a stable amount is contributed by the state and employees can add their own .
He said some parts of the state 's Taylor Law , governing labor relations with public employees , should be repealed , including compulsory arbitration for police and fire unions .
Other laws should also be targeted for repeal because they 're costly , including the rule requiring that on most public work the " prevailing wage " be paid , usually the union scale .
State spending should be capped by changing the state constitution , he said , recommending the " tax expenditure limitation " approach exemplified by Colorado .
He laid blame on politicians .
" It 's their failure to stop the growth in spending that is the underlying problem , " he said .
" New Yorkers are voting with their feet and heading for the exits . "
Tax Expenditure Limitation Analysis
The existence of a TEL may not be sufficient to influence the size of government .
The way a TEL is written can have an important impact on its effectiveness .
Hidden loopholes may make it easy for a state legislature to work around the law .
For example , expenditures can be shifted to an off - budget agency .
Empirical studies through 1990 found mixed results as to the effectiveness of TELs .
Papers by Abrams and Dougan ( 1986 ) , Cox and Lowery ( 1990 ) , and Bails ( 1990 ) found TELs to be ineffective .
These studies , however , are empirically weak .
Abrams and Dougan along with Cox and Lowery use cross-sectional data .
Bails does not adequately control for other factors that might influence government behavior ( e.g. the business cycle ) .
The early findings that TELs are ineffective may be due to the fact that high - spending states are more likely to pass TELs , or because TELs may reflect a shift in voter preferences for less spending .
In the latter case , it is not the TEL , but the change in voter preferences that causes a reduction in spending .
In this case , TELs do not play a causal role in reducing spending .
This TEL endogeneity issue may have a significant impact on statistical inference , biasing the results .
Work by Reuben ( 1995 ) attempts to address this issue .
Poterba ( 1994 ) suggests that TELs may impact how a state adjusts its budget to unexpected negative economic shocks .
Using data for the period from 1988 to 1992 , he finds that states with TELs experience lower tax increases in the face of negative economic developments .
A $ 1.00 increase in the budget deficit results in a $ 0.47 tax increase in TEL states .
In non-TEL states , the increase is much higher --$ 1.03 .
TELs appear to have no impact on the size of spending reductions .
Impact Of Tax Expenditure Limitations
What drives the creation of TELs ?
Tax and expenditure limitations are generally the result of voter dissatisfaction with the cost of state government .
The public finance environment has experienced two discernible waves of tax limitation efforts , the late 1970s and the early to mid 1990s .
In both eras , dynamic individuals dedicated to reducing the size of state government led citizen tax revolt efforts .
How do TELs work ?
In general , tax and expenditure limitations have three main components .
The first component is a spending limit .
TELs typically tie annual spending limits to a combination of the inflation rate and the population growth rate .
While TELs are the most common form of state spending limitation , three other limiting methods are also employed : ( 1 ) limit growth to some percentage of current general fund receipts , ( 2 ) limit spending growth to the same rate as personal income growth , or ( 3 ) limit growth in projected revenues .
In some cases unspent money , up to a designated percentage , is placed in a budget stabilization or rainy day fund .
In the event that the state exceeds the predetermined percentage dedicated to the budget stabilization fund , the taxpayers of the state would enjoy a refund .
However , in the case of Colorado ’s TABOR , all unspent money is automatically refunded to taxpayers in the next budget year .
The third component is a mechanism to adjust tax rates .
TELs oftentimes require voter approval for any new taxes , tax increases , or changes in the tax structure .
Types of TELs
There are three broad categories of TELs : tax / revenue limits , expenditure limits ,
and revenue and expenditure limits .
The most common type of restriction is an expenditure limitation .
As of this publication , there were 30 expenditure or revenue limitations in place , with many states employing more than one restriction .
Expenditure limitations are oftentimes tied to the combined annual growth in population and inflation , growth in personal income , or the size of the previous year ’s budget .
While these limitations predominate , several states have “ appropriations to revenue ” limits .
These limitations restrict actual appropriations to a percentage of projected revenues .
Finally , there are two states , Colorado and Washington that have a combination of revenue and expenditure limitations .
These two states have garnered considerable attention , primarily due to their rigid budgetary environments .
In both cases , spending is tied to growth in population plus inflation ; what makes these states
different is that Colorado provides immediate refunds to taxpayers with surplus revenue , while Washington places the surplus in a budget stabilization fund .
California ’s Proposition 13
Popular interest in state tax and expenditure limits was stimulated by the antiproperty tax campaign spearheaded by Californian Howard Jarvis in 1978 .
Jarvis
captured populist anti-tax sentiment with his cry of “ I ’m mad as hell and I wo n’t take it any more .
” 1 Jarvis’ Proposition 13 grabbed the attention of California voters and the national press .
He argued that he was defending hardworking Californians who could no longer afford their property tax payments and led a very public campaign .
Proposition 13 passed by a nearly two - thirds majority .
The act slashed property taxes by 57 percent , by limiting property tax rates to one percent of assessed value .
Property assessment increases are limited to two percent annually .
When a house or commercial property is sold a new tax value is established using the sales price as the valuation .
The property tax is then limited to one percent of the property ’s new value and annual increases in property taxes are limited by restricting annual increases is the assessed valuation to two percent per year .
Proposition 13 shifts the property tax burden to new owners and away from long - time property owners .
Proposition 13 was critical in convincing the residents of other states to adopt their own revenue - limiting measures .
Colorado TABOR
The state of Colorado enacted its TABOR in 1992 under the leadership of
California - transplant Douglas Bruce .
Bruce ’s efforts provide insight into the three - part formula to enact radical public policy change : an articulate policy entrepreneur who has staying power , enough money to run numerous campaigns , and a policy window .
Bruce began advocating for tax and spending limitations around 1988 , but it was not until the “ window of opportunity ” presented itself , with the combination of an economic downturn , putting income pressures on voters coupled with an organized campaign ; then Bruce seized the opportunity to introduce his form of fiscal restraint to Colorado ’s voters .
Policy entrepreneurs , when they are skilled politically , engaging , and thoughtful , have enjoyed marked success in selling their policy innovations in the policy arena .
TEL : A Historical Timeline
The starting point of the legislative timeline is set as 1971 .
The table below
( Table 1 ) includes not only TELs , but also includes other major state tax cuts that
indicate voter restiveness with state and local taxing .
[ See article for multi- page table ]
State Profile – Colorado
Citizen groups came together to develop the first ballot initiative aimed at limiting the size of state government in 1986 .
The 1986 proposed constitutional amendment would have reduced the taxing authority of state and local governments by requiring voter approval for any new or increased tax .
The initial amendment drive was disconnected , inadequately funded , and ultimately failed at the polls .
Citizen groups , led by California native Douglas Bruce , came together to support his first ballot initiative aimed at limiting state government in 1988 .
Bruce ’s goal was to implement a constitutional restriction on the size of state government , in terms of both taxing and spending capacity .
This time the initiative was more aggressive and far more restrictive .
The 1988 limitation again required voter approval for any new or increased taxes but also reduced state income taxes by 10 percent , limited local residential property taxes , and rolled back any state and local tax increases adopted between 1986 and 1988 that were not approved by voters .
15 Although better organized and well funded , this initiative also failed .
Bruce was undeterred , championing a third initiative in 1990 .
The 1990 initiative proposed a limit on state spending growth , a cap on local property taxes , and voter approval for new taxes .
While the 1990 amendment enjoyed the greatest voter support of the three initiatives ( 49 percent ) , it also failed .
The fourth try was the charm ; a successful campaign was finally realized in 1992 .
Bruce mounted a well - funded and organized campaign , and a consensus developed among residents that taxes were too high .
The Taxpayer ’s Bill of Rights ( TABOR ) became a national model for the voter - initiated TELs .
The economic and political climate in Colorado during the early 1990s was ideal for the passage of TABOR .
The state had slipped into a recession , Bruce secured support from the state ’s Republican establishment , and polling showed that more than 63 percent of residents thought taxes were too high .
In addition to these factors , there was little organized opposition to TABOR .
Roy Romer , the governor at the time , was more concerned with passing a sales tax increase earmarked for education than he was in coordinating an opposition effort to TABOR .
This meant that TABOR was largely unopposed , without alternatives for voters to consider .
This recipe proved successful at the polls in 1992 .
TABOR remains the most stringent tax and expenditure limit employed by any state .
Colorado ’s TABOR is fundamentally a revenue limit and has three main provisions or components .
First , it restricts growth in state revenue and spending to inflation plus the percentage change in population .
The growth formula appears to be designed to keep real per capita state spending constant over time .
For the purposes of TABOR , inflation is determined by The Bureau of Labor Statistics inflation rate for the Denver - Boulder area .
The population rate is limited to the reported state population growth rate .
Second , TABOR requires that surplus revenue above the defined limit be rebated to taxpayers .
This is done in the year after the surplus has been accumulated .
This revenue is commonly referred to as the TABOR surplus .
Third , simple majority voter approval is required for new taxes , tax rate increases , extensions of expiring taxes , and any change in tax policy that results in a revenue gain by government .
TABOR was politically popular during years of economic expansion , but when the 2001 recession hit the state , it created an extremely challenging fiscal environment .
When the recession hit , revenue surpluses quickly disappeared .
As surpluses disappeared and tax revenues continued to plummet , the state was still required to provide TABOR rebates for the previous year , while concurrently implementing reductions in state spending .
TABOR proved to be a fiscal accelerator rather than a fiscal stabilizer , exacerbating the state ’s financial difficulties .
To further complicate matters , the state did not maintain a budget stabilization ( or rainy day ) fund from which to withdraw funds , cushion the effects of the recession , or make the TABOR rebate payments .
Therefore , there were little to no reserves to tap when revenues declined .
Spending “ ratcheted down ” in Colorado
While TABOR ratchets down the amount of revenue the state can spend , constitutional Amendment 23 ratcheted up state spending on K - 12 education .
In 2000 , voters approved Amendment 23 , a provision requiring annual growth in expenditures for K - 12 education by a rate of inflation plus one percent through 2010 and just by the inflation rate thereafter .
The new K - 12 money comes from tax revenues , is earmarked for educational purposes , and is exempt from the TABOR spending limit .
Further intensifying the situation are the state ’s constitutional provisions requiring a balanced budget and the prohibition of most forms of debt .
Many critics of TABOR claim that the precarious balance between competing interests has led to the state ’s worst fiscal crisis in decades .
The effect of TABOR on state expenditures has been remarkable .
Because more than two - thirds of state revenues are allocated by mandates to K - 12 education , Medicaid , and corrections , the state legislature controls less than one - third of the budget .
According to a study done by the Colorado Legislative Council staff , general fund spending on K - 12 education has increased from 37 to 42 percent of the budget since the inception of TABOR .
Buying Votes
Taxpayers suffer .
Until they revolt .
Prevailing Wage Insanity
...
...
In 1999 Ron Paul introduced the Davis - Bacon Repeal Act .
Mr. Speaker , I rise today to introduce the Davis - Bacon Repeal Act of 1999 .
The Davis - Bacon
Act of 1931 forces contractors on all federally - funded contraction projects to pay the `local prevailing wage , ' defined as `the wage paid to the majority of the laborers or mechanics in the classification on similar projects in the area . '
In practice , this usually means the wages paid by unionized contractors .
For more than sixty years , this congressionally - created monstrosity has penalized taxpayers and the most efficient companies while crushing the dreams of the most willing workers .
Mr. Speaker , Congress must act now to repeal this 61 - year - old relic of an era during which people actually believed Congress could legislate prosperity .
Americans pay a huge price in lost jobs , lost opportunities and tax - boosting cost overruns on federal construction projects every day Congress allows Davis - Bacon to remain on the books .
....
CAN you really shop for doctors and hospitals the way you would for airfares and flat - screen TVs ?
Health care consumers are encouraged to comparison - shop on things like doctor ’s fees and heart surgery rates .
But unfortunately , most of us have little clear or useful information to go shopping with .
“ When you go to the doctor , how much you fork over when all is said and done is often just a mystery , ” said Dr. Anthony P. Geraci , a Manhattan neurologist who is trying to buck that trend by posting his prices on his Web site .
With the growing number of uninsured people , the increase in high - deductible insurance plans and big jumps in co-payments , just about everybody is paying more out of pocket for health care nowadays .
An estimated 15 percent of adults younger than 65 now pay with their own money medical costs greater than 5 percent of their annual household income , according to the Center for Studying Health System Change , a nonpartisan research group in Washington .
So the typical person is probably far more motivated to ask how much an M.R.I. or a hip replacement costs .
And just as often , people are asking  or should be 
“ How can I get a better price ? ”
Saturday began with a morning pep talk from President Obama during a private meeting with Democratic lawmakers on Capitol Hill and a public appeal from the presidential podium in the Rose Garden shortly thereafter .
“ Rise to this moment , ” said Obama , who has made health care reform his top domestic priority .
“ Answer the call of history … finish the job . ”
At around 11:15 p.m. EST , more than 12 hours after they began to debate the historic $ 1.1 trillion health care reform bill , Democrats had secured enough votes to pass the legislation , which would create a government - run plan known as a “ public option ” to compete with the private sector and extend affordable insurance to 36 millions of Americans who currently lack coverage .
The measure would take effect by 2013 .
The legislation passed by the thinnest of margins – 220 to 215 – with 39 Democrats voting against the plan and one Republican ,
Rep .
Anh “ Joseph ” Cao , ( R - Louisiana ) , crossing party lines to vote with Democrats .
Cao ’s vote technically fulfills Obama ’s pledge to get a bill passed with bipartisan support .
The final roll call vote can be found here .
Thirty - one of the 39 Democrats who opposed the bill are from districts that Republican Senator John McCain won during last year ’s presidential election and a third are freshmen lawmakers , the New York Times reported .
“ Nearly all of the fourteen freshmen Democrats who voted ‘ no ’ represent districts that were previously Republican and are considered vulnerable in 2010 .
Geographically , 22 lawmakers from southern states formed the largest opposition bloc . ”
In a statement , Cao said he voted in favor of the bill in order to “ keep taxpayer dollars from funding abortion and to deliver access to affordable health care to the people of Louisiana .
“ I read the versions of the House [ health reform ] bill , ” Cao said .
“ I listened to the countless stories of Orleans and Jefferson Parish citizens whose health care costs are exploding – if they are able to obtain health care at all .
Louisianans needs real options for primary care , for mental health care , and for expanded health care for seniors and children . ”
This is the first time since 1965 , when Congress passed legislation to create Medicare , that lawmakers have approved a bill to expand health care coverage .
In fact , to commemorate that historic day , Democrats gave
Rep. John Dingell , ( D - Michigan ) , the longest serving member in the House , the gavel as lawmakers spent three hours establishing the terms of Saturday ’s debate .
The last time Dingell presided over the chamber was 1965 , the year lawmakers approved the Medicare bill .
Dingell ’s late father , who was also a Congressman , introduced a universal healh care bill in 1933 and , in 1955 , when
Rep .
Dingell replaced his father in Congress , he continued the tradition by introducing a national health insurance bill every year .
“ Thanks to the hard work of the House , we are just two steps away from achieving health insurance reform in America , ” Obama said in a statement after the House passed the bill .
“ Now the United States Senate must follow suit and pass its version of the legislation .
I am absolutely confident it will , and I look forward to signing comprehensive health insurance reform into law by the end of the year . ”
The House bill requires that Americans purchase insurance by 2013 , or pay a 2.5 percent penalty based on their annual income , subject to a “ hardship exemption . ”
It also mandates that large businesses provide employees with coverage .
The legislation would prohibit health insurance companies from denying coverage to people who have a preexisting condition .
Additionally , the bill would eliminate the federal antitrust exemption that shields health care providers from investigations into price - fixing and other unlawful business practices .
To finance the bill , couples who earn more than $ 1 million annually and individuals who earn more than $ 500,000 would pay a 5.4 surtax and through changes to Medicare and Medicaid .
The combined savings would generate about $ 500 billion over 10 years , according to a Congressional Budget Office analysis .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) , who was the sponsor of an amendment that would have allowed individual states to create a single - payer system – essentially a Medicare - for - all bill – voted against the legislation .
Kucinich ’s amendment was stripped from the House bill at the request of the Obama administration when it wasunveiled more than a week ago .
“ Instead of working toward the elimination of for - profit insurance , HR 3962 would put the government in the role of accelerating the privatization of health care , ” Kucinich said in a statement explaining why he voted against the bill .
“ In HR 3962 , the government is requiring at least 21 million Americans to buy private health insurance from the very industry that causes costs to be so high , which will result in at least $ 70 billion in new annual revenue , much of which is coming from taxpayers .
This inevitably will lead to even more costs , more subsidies , and higher profits for insurance companies – a bailout under a blue cross .
The day was marked by fierce debate on both sides of the aisle .
Republicans used fear - mongering tactics to try and derail the legislation , such as claiming that people who fail to purchase health care coverage , a requirement under the Democrats ’ plan , would be prosecuted and jailed .
One Republican lawmaker , Rep. John Shadegg of Arizona , went so far as to use a seven - month - old baby ( the daughter of one of his staffers ) as a prop .
“ This is Maddie .
Maddie believes in freedom , ” Shadegg said during a floor debate .
“ Maddie likes America because we have freedom here .
And Maddie believes in patient choice health care .
She asked to come here today to say she does n’t want the government to take over health care .
She wants to keep her plan . ”
AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka said Republicans should be embarrassed at their “ shrill , dishonest rhetoric . ”
Securing the minimum 218 votes needed to pass the legislation , however , came at a cost .
Pro-life Democrats won a concession from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi late Friday to vote on an anti-abortion amendment sponsored by Rep. Bart Stupak , ( D - Michigan ) , a member of the Blue Dog Coalition .
His provision , which passed by a vote of 240 to 194 , with the support of 64 Democrats ( 62 of who are men ) , bars the federal government from funding abortions via the public plan .
[ A list of Democrats who voted for the amendment can be found at the bottom of this report ] .
Rep. Jerrold Nadler , ( D - New York ) , who voted against the Stupak amendment , said the provision “ defies logic and is absurd . ”
“ This is a bill to extend health care to all Americans , ” Nadler said .
“ It should not be used as a political football to change existing law regarding abortion coverage . ”
Democratic leaders indicated they will likely make serious changes to the amendment when they meet with Senate Democratic leaders to meld the House bill with the Senate bill .
— — ——
The 39 Democrats who voted against the House bill health care bill are :
Rep. John Adler ( NJ )
Rep. Jason Altmire ( PA )
Rep. Brian Baird ( WA )
Rep. John Barrow ( GA )
Rep. John Boccieri ( OH )
Rep. Dan Boren ( OK )
Rep. Rick Boucher ( VA )
Rep. Allen Boyd ( FL )
Rep. Bobby Bright ( AL )
Rep. Ben Chandler ( KT )
Rep. Travis Childers ( MS )
Rep. Artur Davis ( AL )
Rep. Lincoln Davis ( TN )
Rep. Chet Edwards ( TX )
Rep. Bart Gordon ( TN )
Rep. Parker Griffith ( AL )
Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin ( SD )
Rep. Tim Holden ( PA )
Rep. Larry Kissell ( NC )
Rep. Suzanne Kosmas ( FL )
Rep. Frank Kratovil ( MD )
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( OH )
Rep. Jim Marshall ( GA )
Rep. Betsy Markey ( CO )
Rep. Eric Massa ( NY )
Rep. Jim Matheson ( UT )
Rep. Mike McIntyre ( NC )
Rep. Michael McMahon ( NY )
Rep. Charlie Melancon ( LA )
Rep . Walt Minnick ( ID )
Rep. Scott Murphy ( NY )
Rep. Glenn Nye ( VA )
Rep. Collin Peterson ( MN )
Rep. Mike Ross ( AR )
Rep. Heath Shuler ( NC )
Rep. Ike Skelton ( MO )
Rep. John Tanner ( TN )
Rep. Gene Taylor ( MS )
Rep. Harry Teague ( NM )
The Democrats who voted in favor of the Stupak anti-abortion amendment are :
Rep. Jason Altmire ( PA )
Rep. Joe Baca ( CA )
Rep. John Barrow ( GA )
Rep. Marion Berry ( AR )
Rep. Sanford Bishop ( GA )
Rep. John Boccieri ( OH )
Rep. Dan Boren ( OK )
Rep. Bobby Bright ( AL )
Rep. Dennis Cardoza ( CA )
Rep. Christopher Carney ( PA )
Rep. Ben Chandler ( KY )
Rep. Travis Childers ( MS )
Rep. Jim Cooper ( TN )
Rep. Jim Costa ( CA )
Rep. Jerry Costello ( IL )
Rep. Henry Cuellar ( TX )
Rep. Kathleen Dahlkemper ( PA )
Rep. Artur Davis ( AL )
Rep. Lincoln Davis ( TN )
Rep. Joe Donnelly ( PA )
Rep. Mike Doyle ( PA )
Rep. Steve Driehaus ( OH )
Rep. Brad Ellsworth ( IN )
Rep. Bob Etheridge ( NC )
Rep. Bart Gordon ( TN )
Rep. Parker Griffith ( AL )
Rep Baron Hill ( IN )
Rep. Tim Holden ( PA )
Rep. Paul Kanjorski ( PA )
Rep. Marcy Kaptur ( OH )
Rep. Dale Kildee ( MI )
Rep. Jim Langevin ( RI )
Rep Daniel Lipinski ( IL )
Rep. Stephen Lynch ( MA )
Rep Jim Marshall ( GA )
Rep. Jim Matheson ( UT )
Rep Mike McIntyre ( NC )
Rep. Charles Melancon ( LA )
Rep. Michael Michaud ( ME )
Rep. Alam Mollohan ( WV )
Rep. John Murtha ( PA )
Rep. Richard Neal ( MA )
Rep. James Oberstar ( MN )
Rep David Obey ( WI )
Rep. Solomon Ortiz ( TX )
Rep. Thomas Perriello ( VA )
Rep. Collin Peterson ( MN )
Rep. Earl Pomeroy ( ND )
Rep. Nick Rahall ( WV )
Rep. Silvestre Reyes ( TX )
Rep. Ciro Rodriguez ( TX )
Rep. Mike Ross ( AR )
Rep. Timothy Ryan ( OH )
Rep. John Salazar ( CO )
Rep. Heath Shuler ( NC )
Rep. Ike Skelton ( MO )
Rep. Vic Snyder ( AR )
Rep. Zack Space ( OH )
Rep John Spratt ( SC )
Rep. Bart Stupak ( MI )
Rep. John Tanner ( TN )
Rep. Gene Taylor ( MS )
Re. Harry Teague ( NM )
Rep. Charles Wilson ( OH )
The military 's got disaster - proof foodstuff down to a science : their meals ready - to - eat ( MREs ) are packaged , vacuum - sealed rations that supply high - calorie sustenance , have a multi - year shelf life and are prepped using nothing but water .
Too bad they taste like Irish Springs .
That 's according to a review panel at Popular Mechanics , where testers sampled three of the military 's 24 different MREs - available in civilian versions for your at - home fallout shelter - and concluded that the end of the world " tasted a little bit like soap . "
At least , the dried fruit snack does .
And it 's accompanying chicken , " indistinguishable " from a side dish of potatoes and beans , does n't sound much better .
The review 's tips for ingesting the dismal chow ?
Slather on mustard and wash down with wine .
But military grunts do n't have the luxury of condiments and booze .
Which means their best bet might be vegetarianism .
The meat - free MRE - pasta with vegetables and snacks like fig bars and peanut butter - outranked the other two test meals of beef enchiladas or BBQ chicken .
The military recently added four vegetarian MREs , but they save their best cuisine for troops keeping kosher .
My Own Meals , who manufacture the kosher - certified packs , say they 're shipped and served fresh , while the military 's standard meat - and - potato rations " are produced and then stored for about 3 or more years . "
Less shelf time might not help , but knowing what 's really in your ravioli can't hurt .
Disaster may not be palatable yet , but the Pentagon 's working on it : since 1993 , they 've been tinkering with rations and polling troops to prep more popular selections .
Items like pork chow mein , tuna with noodles and corned beef hash have been replaced with granola , cornbread stuffing and - score - Skittles .
Troops deployed on high - risk missions get to skip most of the years - old mystery meat : First Strike Rations ( FSRs ) are compact , easy - to - eat meals made for high - intensity combat .
All the goodies ( toaster pastries , chocolate bars ) and less of the gunk ( sausage with creamy gravy ? ) .
Gag reflex aside , you 've got to wonder about the gastrointestinal consequences of routinely eating vacuum - packed slop .
The military did , and now they 're working overtime on a probiotic digestive supplement , after 76 percent of troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan reported one or more episodes of diarrhea .
[ Photo : DoD ]
WASHINGTON — U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich plans to force a House of Representatives vote early next year on whether to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The Cleveland Democrat announced Wednesday that he has begun circulating a letter to colleagues that asks if they'd be willing to co-sponsor his two resolutions to " trigger a timeline for a timely withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan and Pakistan . "
Although President Barack Obama has said prior congressional actions permit him to respond militarily to the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , Kucinich says Congress can still revisit the war .
He says that the United States should keep trying to bring Osama bin Laden to justice but that pursuing wars throughout the Middle East backfires by inflaming anti-American sentiment .
The White House had no comment on Kucinich 's plans .
Kucinich said he was motivated to act by hearing Afghan President Hamid Karzai assert that his country will probably need U.S. financial aid and training for the next 15 to 20 years .
" We should n't be there another 15 to 20 months , let alone 15 to 20 years , " Kucinich said .
" We can't afford the loss of lives .
We can't afford the loss of taxpayers ' money .
We 've got to get our priorities straight . "
Kucinich expects his resolutions will be referred to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs when he introduces them in January .
If the committee does n't act within 15 days , he 'll move to send the resolutions directly to the House floor .
In the past few years , Kucinich used the maneuver to force a floor discussion on impeaching then - Vice President Dick Cheney .
" It is possible that someone could try to short - circuit the debate by moving to table the resolution , but I am hopeful that we will have a debate , given the gravity of the wars , " Kucinich said .
" The people of the United States are entitled to a debate . "
Cereals based on Mr. T , Batman Returns , Nerds candy , Urkel and more .
While I was researching this list , I learned something new : Pretty much every TV , movie and video game character that even remotely appeals to kids had been slapped up on a cereal box .
The principle , of course , is that kids are idiots , and they ’ll happily choke down garbage as long as the Rugrats are traipsing through Paris on the box in front of them .
I went through hundreds of cereals ( the vast majority of which are made by the company Ralston , which , not coincidentally , was owned by Purina ) to find the ones that exploit that theory the most .
The ones that took a generic cereal and branded it with the character - of - the - moment in attempt to lure stupid kids into luring their stupider parents into buying it .
Here are the 11 cereals that went the furthest over - the - top … whether it ’s a obscure character choice , a weird cereal flavor or some combo of both , these are cereals that would make John Harvey Kellogg roll over in his grave .
( You know , if he was n’t still sore from enemas . )
1 | Mr. T
This cereal was just called “ Mr. T ” … not even “ Mr. T Cereal ” or anything .
It consisted of crispy corn , shaped in the letter T .
And nothing else .
It ’s like getting the worst box of Alpha - Bits ever .
And to add insult to nostalgic injury , the cereal is n’t even based off Mr. T ’s iconic B.A. Baracus character from the A - Team … it ’s based off his cartoon show Mr. T — which ran from 1983 to 1986 yet only churned out 30 episodes .
In said cartoon , T was the coach of a teen gymnastics team … which would travel around the globe and solve mysteries .
It ’s like Scooby Doo meets … uh … tiny , muscular , shaved men and girls who stopped their menstrual cycle .
( All of which coalesced in an uber - banal cereal . )
2 | C3PO’s
This Star Wars - themed cereal came out in 1984 .
It was just a generic tasting mix — “ crunchy honey - sweetened oat , wheat and corn cereal ” — and was part of the Star Wars plan to have merchandise in , literally , every single possible sector .
( Han Solo cups ?
Boba Feta cheese ?
Chewbocci balls ?
I could go on . )
Exploitative , sure … but as much as I want to bag on it , I love that they called it C3PO ’s .
During my research , I found a Finding Nemo - themed cereal called Honey Nut Nemo O’s .
Today ’s marketers are so content to just rubber stamp these exploitative cereals that they do n’t even think about contracting two “ o ” sounds into one .
3 | Cabbage Patch Kids
Cabbage Patch Kids are one of the best fads of all time , so naturally kids would want to cannibalize their heads for breakfast .
The cereal , shaped like fat little Cabbage Patch faces , was actually one of the lowest - sugar kids cereals ever made , at just three grams per serving .
I like that ironic twist .
Keep the dolls fat , not the kids .
4 | Batman Returns cereal
It always feels so greedy to over - merchandise a sequel .
It ’s just unfair to parents .
You did n’t see the Police Academy people trying to force - feed the youth of this country “ City Under Siege ” t- shirts or Nick Lassard action figures .
There have been a number of cereals based on sequels ( I found Spider - Man 2 and 3 , X - Men 2 , Ice Age 2 , Shrek 2 , Pirates of the Caribbean : We Wrote the Script In A Week and even Ghostbusters 2 ) .
But this one stuck out because ( 1 ) even though it was PG - 13 , Batman Returns really was n’t for kids and ( 2 ) really ?
Batman Returns ?
The cereal itself , however , looks like a delicious dessert — the only way it could be “ part of a nutritious breakfast ” would be if you ate it with a side salad that uses multivitamins instead of croutons .
It looks like Chex , but chocolate flavored … with Batman - themed marshmallows on top .
That ’s so British .
5 | Nintendo Cereal System
This one holds a special place for me because I was one of those kids that lusted after every single thing bearing the Nintendo insignia .
They had me brainwashed ( like in the “ Chimpokomon ” episode of South Park ) to a serious extent ; I ’m just glad Mario never started telling me to set fires .
Unfortunately , I have vivid memories of just how awful this was .
Half was the Mario - themed cereal , which was like a worse version of Froot Loops .
The other half was the Zelda - themed cereal , which was like a worse version of Crunch Berries .
Just so disappointing .
It was pretty much the biggest disaster ever associated with the Super Mario brand .
( That is , until Mario Kart : Double Dash came out . )
6 | Prince of Thieves cereal
So … you could n’t get Kevin Costner to pose for the box cover ?
Or even someone with a bone structure in the same ballpark ?
Also , if you look at the shape of the cereal pieces … are you sure that kids are going to think those are shaped like arrows ?
I was 11 or 12 when this cereal came out … and I can assure you , I would NOT have looked at those and said “ arrows . ”
7 | Nerds cereal
There ’s a fine line between the sugar content in candy and breakfast cereal anyway , so the transition was n’t too hard for Nerds .
The cereal featured the classic Nerds half - and - half split … one side had orange cereal and the other side had cherry .
( Another version came out with strawberry and grape , too . )
Of course , none of those are actually GOOD flavors for cereal , but , as this list shows , that ’s never really the issue .
Unfortunately , Nerds has the legacy of being a product that was actually taken down by an urban legend : Kids believed that if you ate this , it would turn your feces bright red .
For some reason that scared us more than the other urban legends of the era ( Mountain Dew makes your testicles shrink …
Pepsi cans have syringes in them …
Beetlejuice pops out of mirrors ) — which brought the end of Nerds cereal .
8 | Pro Stars cereal
Pro Stars was a Saturday morning cartoon that lasted for just under three months in late 1991 .
Yet somehow they had time to squeeze out a cereal .
Pro Stars featured crime - fighting cartoon versions of three of the biggest athletes of the time — Michael Jordan representing basketball , Wayne Gretzky representing hockey and Bo Jackson representing Tecmo Super Bowl .
The cereal box features a photo of Gretzky … he must ’ve been the one whose agent wrangled “ food spin - off rights ” … and the cereal itself is star - shaped oats with a “ sweet touch of honey . ”
Yes , like many of the other cereals on this list , the creators mistook “ interesting shape ” — in this case stars — over “ innovative / delicious / unique taste . ”
The WWF made the same mistake when they rolled out their cereal shortly thereafter … with exactly the same shape .
9 | Croonchy Stars
Et tu , Swedish Chef ?
10 | Bill and Ted ’s Excellent Cereal
Like Mr. T ’s cereal above , this was n’t modeled after the cult movie sensation Bill and Ted ’s Excellent Adventure .
Instead , this cereal was a tie - in to the animated series Bill and Ted ’s Excellent Adventures … and my what a difference a letter makes .
Unlike every other movie - turned - shitty - cartoon in history , the actors from the movie actually did the voices for the cartoon .
Keanu Reeves , Alex Winter and , sigh , even George Carlin voiced their corresponding characters .
At least for the first season .
They all bailed after they realized what they ’d signed on for .
As for the cereal … well , it actually looked ( and by all reports , tasted ) more like pet food than any other cereal ever .
And that includes Fiber One .
11 | Urkel-Os
I ’m not sure you could really understand the Urkel thing unless you lived it .
Why people liked him so much .
Why every single person today ages 23 - 63 could still easily pick him out of a police lineup .
Why he got his own cereal .
But he did .
It consisted of banana - flavored yellow loops and strawberry - flavored red loops .
The two most common words associated with its taste are “ weird ” and “ artificial . ”
More importantly , it has the distinction as the one cereal that really sums up this list — a mediocre flavor marketed around a character with no chance of standing the test of time .
If that ’s not the pop culture tie - in cereal business in a nutshell , then nothing is .
—
You may also like …
This List of the Best Cereals Ever Confirms There Are Cereal Hipsters
11 Random Facts About America ’s 11 Most Popular Breakfast Cereals
Why the ’90s Are the Last Decade That Will Ever Inspire Pop Culture Nostalgia
11 ’80s Pop Culture Board Games That Did n’t Need to Exist
11 Old School WWF Wrestlers With the Worst Side Jobs
I was asked a question by a reader about why I thought that the people are being MANIPULATED by the media and by corporations .
This is my response :
We are a MARKETING / CORPORATION based society .
Did n't start out that way .
You certainly wo n't hear anything about corporations or their powers in the Constitution or in any of the founding fathers ' writing - other than some , like Jefferson , warning about the powers of the banks .
CNBC is OWNED 100 % by General Electric , one of the largest corporations in the history of mankind .
WHY DO THEY EXIST ?
To bring you the news ?
To report on the economy ?
NO !
They exist to make GE money !
How do they do that ?
By having viewers who get bombarded with their ads !
Marketing is a form of BRAINWASHING !
The reporters on CNBC are selling the economy to you .
If you did not believe in the markets or in the economy , then you would n't view and you would n't make CNBC and thus GE MONEY - that is why they exist - that is their mission despite what any " mission statement " may fool us into believing .
Any reporter who speaks or talks NEGATIVELY OF THE ECONOMY will not be allowed to work on air .
Sorry , that 's just a fact .
I have personal experience writing for the local paper ... any negative article or headline I wrote would either be changed or not run - again , that 's a fact .
As a society we have lost complete sight of what a corporation is and what it 's supposed to do .
They have turned into monsters that now rule business , politics , and even social thinking .
IT IS TIME TO REMOVE POWER FROM CORPORATIONS AND RETURN IT TO THE PEOPLE .
Corporations are supposed to work FOR society , not against it .
Corporations are INVENTIONS OF PEOPLE and we CAN CONTROL what they do , they ARE NOT THEIR OWN LIVING ENTITY when it comes to influencing political and governmental decisions .
We are allowing corporations to raise our children and to program their thoughts .
Corporations are meant to allow capital to form so that larger things can be accomplished than with a small pool of capital .
Originally the concept allowed exploration of the new world so that the wealthy who financed expeditions would n't have to risk and expose ALL their wealth on a single expedition .
Thus , corporations served society and allowed things to be accomplished that otherwise would n't have been .
Over time this has morphed into corporations that control ALL OF THE MONEY AND THE VERY CREATION THEREOF .
They are now so powerful that they influence all three branches of government .
It was never anyone 's intention ( except for bankers ) to allow the creation and control of the money system to fall into the hands of a very few .
That is exactly what has happened .
While I certainly do n't advocate eliminating or even ripping apart corporations ( money needs to aggregate to a certain extent ) , there is one cure for all the problems ... that is to simply create a Constitutional Amendment separating corporations and their money from government .
In a free market , corporations who fail have to be allowed to fail .
That , believe it or not , is what creates PROGRESS .
We actually go back in time when we keep corporations alive who have failed .
Today , corporations and government are so entangled that our bought and paid for corporate backed politicians are willing to BANKRUPT OUR NATION and sell the PEOPLE down the river .
We are BANKRUPT NOW and thus we are going to have to find solutions to ensure that it does n’t happen again .
SEPARATE THE CORPORATIONS AND THEIR MONEY FROM STATE , and it will never happen again .
Think through the implications ...
We could ( and probably should ) write a book about the benefits of doing so .
Corporations and the media would still market and try to influence your thinking , but there would be a check and balance on it , namely the government who would be allowed to function on behalf of the people and could make LONG TERM decisions for the benefit of the people , not just the military industrial complex .
Chalmers Johnson – Keynesian Military Spending ( 6 minutes ) : Our constitution is good , but it is not perfect .
Our founders saw how money can corrupt , but they did n’t see how corporations would come to slowly and quite literally rule the world .
PEOPLE RULE THE WORLD , not corporations .
MONEY is an invention of the PEOPLE , a means to execute trade , not a means to rule and to possess power over the people at the hands of a few ( oligarchs ) .
The creation of money and credit is a basic , if not THE MOST BASIC function of government – it does not belong in the hands of free enterprise .
Health care or the manufacturing of automobiles , on the other hand , is a function of free enterprise , not government .
Government , and especially the military , could easily be cut in HALF and that should be done IMMEDIATELY .
It is literally INSANE ( Economic Mass Psychosis ) for one country with 5 % of the world 's population to spend MORE MONEY ON OUR NATIONAL DEFENSE THAN ALL THE OTHER COUNTRIES ON THE PLANET COMBINED !
This is not done in the interest of the PEOPLE , it is done in the interest of the Oligarchs who stand behind the world ’s largest corporations .
FREEDOM AND SECURITY are tied together and are inseparable .
You are being marketed ( sold ) SECURITY and you are SACRIFICING FREEDOM !!!
DEBT , credit in banker parlance , does not make you free , it bounds you .
Have too much debt and you will lose all your FREEDOM !
That is the path we are headed .
Ironically , WHEN YOU SEEK FREEDOM , YOU WILL HAVE TRUE SECURITY !!!
Your politicians cannot make this decision as they are now completely dependent upon the money that comes from CORPORATIONS !
They simply cannot get elected to national office without it !
“ But Nate , cutting back so drastically on government spending will put people out of work and there will be hard times … ”
Yes .
But that beats the alternative which is complete collapse of our government or world wars or both .
Those things are coming if we remain on the path we are presently on .
Just look at the history following times of economic upheaval .
Money and the economy influence ALL OTHER ASPECTS OF LIFE .
It is the foundation for success or failure as a nation .
It is what leads to and perpetuates wars .
Have it and you can afford to eat and have medical care – do n’t have it and the world ’s natural resources will go to those who do .
Corporations and their money are ruling almost all aspects of your life , weather you think they are or not .
The value of your house , the expense of your kid ’s college , the declining value of your money ( eaten out lately ? ) , the morals and values of society , the respect or lack thereof of our youth , everything .
The distortions brought about by both corporations and government , who are COMPLETELY OUT - OF - CONTROL , permeate every aspect of life and distort everything , including government statistics which I have been writing so much about .
One more time … The BEA , the BLS , in fact ALL government reports are suspect .
All reporting of government statistics should be scrapped .
The Fed should be abolished , The central banks and bankers should be removed – as in gone , a new money system should be put in place , there should be a Constitutional Amendment dictating the SEPARATION OF CORPORATIONS AND THEIR MONEY FROM STATE , and finally , there should be a new government agency responsible for collecting and reporting economic statistics and that agency should have a mandate to develop data collection methods that cannot be changed over time and there should also be a mandate to release RAW DATA with every report , there should be absolute transparency in that all the calculations and all collection methods should be easily viewable by anyone .
Oh , and NO ONE , not even the President should have access to the information before the public !
Chalmers Johnson – DECLINE of EMPIRES : The Signs of Decay ( 1:03 ) :
The Python Package Index currently provides a feature where users can comment on individual packages .
Some package maintainers are opposed to such a feature , and would like to leave activation of the feature up to the maintainer .
Along with comments , there is also support for rating the package with a number from 0 to 5 .
This page discusses arguments in favor and against per-package comments .
There is also a discussion on Catalog - SIG starting with an email by Martin ( who implemented the feature ) and continuing in the November archive .
users posting a rating not only want to indicate whether they like or dislike the package , but also why they rated the package in the way they did .
restricting users ( not allowing them comment on certain packages ) can be considered as a form of censorship
spam is largely prevented by requiring user to login ; if spam ( i.e. completely unrelated comments ) are made , they can be deleted .
if users use the facility to report bugs , the package author should have more clear directions to point users to the bug reporting channels
new comments will be emailed to the maintainers to notify them
maintainers need to check one more place for discussion of the package , in addition to mailing lists and fora that they already operate ; people are too lazy to research what the proper comment reporting channel is .
if PyPI would allow individual packages to opt out of commenting , then comments would still be possible on packages that want them ( or do n't mind receiving them ) .
if comments get posted , the maintainer should have the ability to delete comments that are inappropriate .
preventing commenting is n't censorship ; people are free to comment on as many other websites , blogs , forums , as they like ... and if relevant to the package , they 'll be found by Google
Requiring spam handling to go through a central authority makes two people ( author + PyPI maintainer ) do the work that could be done by one ... or not at all .
" Completely unrelated " comments are only one form of spam ; consider , for example the Twitter campaign urging people to post negative comments on setuptools to express a political viewpoint about its maintenance process , rather than commenting on the software itself
The feature itself does not encourage quality comments , due to the small space and lack of formatting / editing .
Early use of the comment feature suggests that low - quality comments are likely to be the norm : providing little useful information to users and poor feedback to package authors .
MvL notes that the comment feature was specifically requested as a way for people to leave public * negative * comments about packages - not to provide informative discussion or feedback .
Contra MvL 's arguments , users do not have a " right " to display their gripes on a package 's listing , any more than they have a " right " to scrawl grafitti on a restaurant wall to criticize the food .
They have a right to comment and complain , but that can be equally served by simply sending their feedback directly to the package author , rather than permanently displaying one side of that conversation .
For more contra arguments , see also this Sourceforge issue with input from many package authors and community members .
Poll
There is a public poll running to determine what users think of the rating and commenting features .
To vote , go to http://pypi.python.org and log in ; the home page will offer you the chance to vote in the poll .
Excellent to see a working forum here !
Perhaps our first order of business here should be to collaboratively decide upon a structure for the forum groups / sections / etc .
With the current set up , I 'm not sure where discussion of things like navigation or life support belong .
We can use the structure at < a href = " http://nostromo.rh.rit.edu/mediawiki/index.php/Workgroup_Structure " > this unofficial Wiki page < / a > as a starting point .
Hope that HTML works , for some reason the " link " icon in my little Javascript toolbar thing is greyed out .
Endangered Species
Due to global warming ( and other effects like forest fires , natural climate change , water acidity , and deforestation ) many of the world ’s most beloved animals are phasing out in rapid succession .
Polar Bear populations are believed to exist in the 20 - 25 thousand range .
Check out Save the Polar Bear to help send a letter to President Obama regarding saving this beautiful species !
The Mexican Spotted Owl population is currently dangerously low .
Population estimates are believed to be between 2 - 3 thousand .
Sea Turtle populations have rebounded to just under 1 million .
Please visit Save the Sea Turtle to help donate to saving them !
Panda populations ( in the wild ) are currently believed to be around 3000 .
Visit Pandas International to help donate to a great cause that supports Panda development in the wild .
There is a lot we can do to help .
Recycling helps remove waste from the ground which can leak into water systems and reduces the amount of glass and plastics we have to create ( which helps clean up the air from the factories that are needed to create those items ) .
Deforestation is something we can help control by recycling and reusing our paper goods as well as urge restrictions on the places that are allowed to be stripped .
Forest fires are an easy fix !
Always put out your fires when you are out camping or fishing .
Plus , always make sure that when you throw a cigarette or match on the ground that it ’s out and not in a dry patch of land .
Save our species ! 🙂
By Naty Hoffman
In 2008 , legislation was passed requiring all NIH - funded researchers to submit their papers to an openly available repository within a year of publication .
Even this modest step towards full open access was immediately attacked by rent - seeking scientific publishers .
More recently the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy started to collect public feedback on expanding open access .
The first phase of this process ends on December 20th .
From ACM ’s official comment , it is clearly joining the rent - seekers .
This is perhaps not surprising , considering the recent ACM take - down of Ke - Sen Huang ’s paper link pages ( Bernard Rous , who signed the comment , is also the person who issued the take - down ) .
In the paper link case ACM did eventually see reason .
At the time , I naively believed this marked a fundamental change in ACM ’s approach ; I have been proven wrong .
ACM ’s comment can be found towards the bottom of this link ; I will quote the salient parts here for comment .
ACM : “ We think it is imperative that deposits be made in institutional repositories vs. a centralized repository … ”
A centralized repository is more valuable than a scattering of papers on author ’s institutional web pages .
ACM evidently agrees , given that it has gone to the trouble of setting up just such a repository ( the Digital Library ) .
ACM ’s only problem with a central , open access repository is that it would compete with its own ( closed ) one .
Since an open repository contributes far more value to the community than one locked behind a paywall , ACM appears to value its revenue streams over the good of the community it supposedly exists to serve .
ACM : “ …essentially everything ACM publishes is freely available somewhere on the Web …
In our community , as in others , voluntary posting is working . ”
This is demonstrably false .
Almost every graphics conference has papers which are not openly available .
Many computing fields are even worse off .
Most infuriatingly , ACM presents a false balance between its own needs and the needs of the computing community :
ACM : “ … there is a fundamental balance or compromise in how ACM and the community have approached this issue – a balance that serves both …
We think it is imperative that any federally mandated open access policy maintain a similar balance …
There is an approach to open access that allows the community immediate access to research results but also allows scholarly publishers like ACM to sustain their publishing programs .
It is all about balance . ”
What nonsense is this ?
The ACM has no legitimate needs or interests other than those of its members !
How would U.S. voters react to a Senator claiming that a given piece of legislation ( say , one reducing restrictions on campaign financing ) “ strikes a fundamental balance between the needs of the Senate and those of the United States of America ” ?
ACM has lost its way , profoundly and tragically .
As much as Mr. Rous would like to think otherwise , ACM ’s publishing program is not an end in itself , but a means to an end .
ACM arguing that an open repository of papers would be harmful because it “ undermines the unique value ” of ACM ’s closed repository is like the Salvation Army arguing that a food stamp program is harmful because it “ undermines the unique value ” of their soup kitchens .
If you are an ACM member , these statements were made in your name .
Regardless of membership , if you care at all about access to research publications please make your opinion known .
Read the OSTP blog post carefully , and post a polite , well - reasoned argument in the comments .
Note that first you need to register and log in – the DigitalKoans blog has the details :
Note :
To post comments on the OSTP Blog , you must register and login .
There are registration and login links on the sidebar of the blog home page at the bottom right ( these links are not on individual blog postings ) .
Hurry !
The deadline for Phase I comments ( which include the ACM comment ) is December 20th , though you can make your opinion known in the other phases as well .
Boston University Researchers have shown that intermittent access to fatty and sugary foods induces changes in the brain that are comparable to those observed in drug dependence .
The findings , reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , may help explain how abstinence from these foods contributes to relapse eating among dieters as well as related eating disorders .
The researchers used 155 rats to measure the neurobiological responses .
The first group , the diet cycled subjects , repeatedly ate standard rat chow for five days , followed by a highly palatable , high - sugar , chocolate - flavored chow for two days .
The second group ate only standard food .
The amount of food consumed was not restricted for either group .
When the diet - cycled rats were fed standard chow , they showed less motivation to obtain it , refused it , although it was previously acceptable , and they exhibited anxiety .
However when the rats resumed eating the palatable food , they overate and their anxiety - related behaviors returned to normal .
The researchers then looked at the role of the brain 's stress system , which contributes to cycles of drug and alcohol binging and withdrawal , in driving these behaviors .
They found that during abstinence from palatable foods , the rats showed increased corticotropin - releasing factor ( CRF ) gene expression and peptide in the amygdala , an area of the brain involved in fear , anxiety and stress responses .
Similar to the anxiety , only when the diet - cycled group was fed palatable food did CRF levels return to normal .
Importantly , the blockade of the CRF receptor 1 with a selective antagonist was able to prevent all the behavioral outcomes of palatable food withdrawal .
According to the researchers , CRF is a key stress neurotransmitter .
" In observing the activation of the amygdaloid CRF system during abstinence from palatable foods , we understood the causes of recurrent dieting failures , " said study co-author Pietro Cottone , PhD , an assistant professor and co-director of the Laboratory of Addictive Disorders at Boston University " CRF activation during abstinence from palatable foods induces a negative emotional state which is responsible for signs of anxiety and contributes to relapse to ' forbidden foods , ' " added study co-author Valentina Sabino , PhD , an assistant professor and co-Director of the Laboratory of Addictive Disorders in the Department of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics at Boston University .
" The stress experienced by frequent dieters in abstinence from palatable food has neurobiological similarities to the negative emotional state of drug and alcohol addicts . " :
Pietro Cottonea , Valentina Sabinoa , Marisa Roberto , Michal Bajoe , Lara Pockrosa , Jennifer B. Frihauf Eva M. Fekete , Luca Steardog , Kenner C. Riceh , Dimitri E. Grigoriadisi , Bruno Contid , George F. Kooba , Eric P. Zorrillaa , ' CRF system recruitment mediates dark side of compulsive eating ' , PNAS Online , doi : 10.1073/pnas.0908789106
Attention : A new version of odeint exists , which is decribed here .
Introduction
This article introduces the C++ framework odeint for solving ordinary differential equations ( ODEs ) , which is based on template meta- programming .
I think this framework has some nice advantages over existing code on ODEs , and it uses templates in a very elegant way .
Furthermore , odeint has a STL - like syntax , and is independent of a specific container .
The whole project lives in the boost sandbox ; the code presented here is more or less a snapshot of the current development .
Background
I will only very briefly describe ordinary differential equations .
If there is some interest in a more detailed explanation of ODEs , I can extend this part in future versions of the article .
Ordinary Differential Equations
An ordinary differential equation describes the evolution of some quantity x in terms of its derivative .
It often takes the form :
d x(t ) / d t = f( x ( t ) , t )
The function f defines the ODE , and x and f can be vectors .
Associated with every ODE is an initial value problem ( IVP ) that is the ODE , and an initial value x( t0 ) =x0 .
The solution of the initial value problem is the temporal evolution of x( t ) , with the additional condition that x( t0 ) =x0 , and it can be shown that every IVP has a unique solution .
Of course , ordinary differential equations are not restricted to temporal problems , hence the variable t can be replaced by another quantity , like a spatial coordinate .
ODEs and their relative PDEs ( partial differential equation ) are very important in nearly all scientific disciplines .
All major equations in physics fall in this class , like Newton 's law for classical physics , the Maxwell 's equations for electromagnetism , the Schrödinger equation and its relativistic generalizations for the quantum world , or Einstein 's equation for general relativity .
Very often , the spatial axes of a PDE are discretized , and an ODE on a lattice results .
In the following figure , an example of an ODE from chaos theory is shown : the famous Lorenz attractor .
It was the first example of a deterministic chaotic system , and triggered a huge amount of scientific work .
The Lorenz attractor is described by a set of coupled ordinary differential equations :
d x1 / dt = sigma * ( x2 - x1 ) d x2 / dt = R * x1 - x2 - x1 * x3 d x3 / dt = x1 * x2 - b * x3
with :
sigma = 10 R = 28 b = 8 / 3
This equation has no analytical solution , such that it can only be solved numerically .
Numerical Solutions of ODEs
To solve ODEs numerically , various methods exist ; all of them discretize the time .
The easiest method is surely the explicit Euler scheme , which writes the derivative as the difference quotient :
d x(t ) / d t = x ( t+dt ) - x( t ) / dt
Then , some basic algebraic manipulations yield :
x ( t+dt ) = x ( t ) + dt *f ( x ( t ) , t )
such that x( t+dt ) can be obtained from the knowledge of x at the time t.
Note again , that x does not have to be a scalar , but can be a vector .
The rest is very simple .
One chooses an initial condition x( t=0 ) =x0 , and iteratively applies the Euler step to x( t ) to obtain the evolution of x( t ) .
Of course , more advanced solvers exist , and the most commonly used solver is probably the Runge - Kutta method of fourth order .
In the following source code , the function f( x ( t ) ) defining the ODE is synonymously called system or dynamical system .
The Main Ideas
Now , we come to the design aspects of the library .
One clearly needs two main building blocks :
A stepper function , which calculates the state x( t+d t ) from the knowledge of x( t ) .
An integrate function , which performs the iteration , hence applies the stepper function many times .
The whole library lives in the namespace boost : : odeint :: numeric .
Stepper Methods
We try to avoid abstract classes , since this costs some extra performance .
Instead , we use generic programming and concepts which describe how a type or class has to behave , and whose methods have to be available .
For the stepper function , we need the following ingredients :
template < class Container , class
Time = double , class Traits = container_traits < Container > > class ode_step { public : typedef unsigned short order_type ; typedef Time time_type ; typedef Traits traits_type ; typedef typename traits_type:: container_type container_type ; typedef typename traits_type::value_type value_type ; public : order_type order_step ( ) const ; ode_step ( void ) ; void adjust_size ( const container_type &x ) ; template < class DynamicalSystem > void do_step ( DynamicalSystem &system , container_type &x , const container_type &dxdt , time_type t , time_type dt ) ; template < class DynamicalSystem > void do_step ( DynamicalSystem &system , container_type &x , time_type t , time_type dt ) ; } ;
The container type defines how the state is stored .
It has to fulfill some basic requirements like the value type and it should be default constructible .
The container_traits type abstracts the resize functionality of the sequence concept .
Furthermore , it knows how to obtain the appropriate begin ( ) and end ( ) iterators .
Its usage will be shown below .
The adust_size method is responsible for adjusting the size of any internal containers , which store the results of intermediate calculations .
The do_step functions calculates x( t+dt ) from the knowledge of x( t ) , and they transform x( t ) in - place , meaning that x( t ) is replaced by x( t+dt ) within do_step .
The argument system defines the ODE .
This can be a simple function with three arguments : system ( state , dxdt , t ) , or a class with the appropriate brackets operator ( ) ( state , dxdt , t ) .
Such a class is also known as a functor .
Two versions of do_step exist : one which calculates x( t+dt ) with the explicit knowledge of f( x ( t ) ) , and one which calculates this value internally .
In principle , the second version only calls the first version .
Both functions exist , because in many situations , the user needs the knowledge of f( x ( t ) ) and will call the system method with x( t ) .
To avoid a double call of system , the do_step version with the explicit declaration of f( x ( t ) ) is introduced .
Note , that the above class definition is not found in the code ; it is only used here to show the stepper functionality .
All specific classes possessing these typedef s and methods are said to be stepper classes ; we also say that all classes with these definitions fulfill the stepper concept .
Now , we look at a specific method , the Euler solver :
template < class Container , class
Time = double , class Traits = container_traits < Container > > class stepper_euler { public : typedef unsigned short order_type ; typedef Time time_type ; typedef Traits traits_type ; typedef typename traits_type :: container_type container_type ; typedef typename traits_type:: value_type value_type ; private : container_type m_dxdt ; public : order_type order_step ( ) const { return 1 ; } stepper_euler ( void ) { } stepper_euler ( const container_type &x ) { adjust_size ( x ) ; } void adjust_size ( const container_type &x ) { traits_type::adjust_size ( x , m_dxdt ) ; } template < class DynamicalSystem > void do_step ( DynamicalSystem &system , container_type &x , const container_type &dxdt , time_type t , time_type dt ) { detail::it_algebra::increment ( traits_type::begin(x ) , traits_type ::end(x ) , traits_type::begin( dxdt ) , dt ) ; } template < class DynamicalSystem > void do_step ( DynamicalSystem &system , container_type &x , time_type t , time_type dt ) { system ( x , m_dxdt , t ) ; do_step ( system , x , m_dxdt , t , dt ) ; } } ;
This definition is straightforward , only some notes :
Adjusting the size is done in the container_traits - type .
The standard traits type is defined as :
template < class Container > struct container_traits { typedef Container container_type ; typedef typename container_type :: value_type value_type ; typedef typename container_type :: iterator iterator ; typedef typename container_type:: const_iterator const_iterator ; static void resize ( const container_type &x , container_type &dxdt ) { dxdt.resize ( x.size ( ) ) ; } static bool same_size ( const container_type &x1 , const container_type & x2 ) { return ( x1.size ( ) == x2.size ( ) ) ; } static void adjust_size ( const container_type &x1 , container_type &x2 ) { if ( ! same_size ( x1 , x2 ) ) resize ( x1 , x2 ) ; } static iterator begin ( container_type &x ) { return x.begin ( ) ; } static const_iterator begin ( const container_type &x ) { return x.begin ( ) ; } static iterator end ( container_type &x ) { return x.end ( ) ; } static const_iterator end ( const container_type &x ) { return x.end ( ) ; } } ;
which will work with all ( STL ) containers , fulfilling the sequence and the container concept .
But for other containers , these requirements are not sufficient .
For example std::tr1 : : array does not possess a resize method .
The container traits are also responsible to for the begin ( ) and end ( ) iterators .
For SGI containers this is trivial , but for matrix types like Blitz ++ or MTL matrices the begin ( ) and end ( ) are not defined , but can be obtained in different ways .
All iterator operations have been put in their own functions .
This has the advantage that the code is small and clear , since no iterators need to be defined in the stepper functions .
Furthermore , it is be possible to specialize and optimize these iterator functions for specific iterators or containers .
The adjust size functionality is necessary if the system size changes during the evolution ; think , for example , of an ODE defined on a network with a non-constant number of nodes .
This is not the end of the story of the stepper functions .
odeint also provides an advanced stepper concept which calculates the numerical errors made during each step .
With this error calculation , it is possible to adapt the step - size dt during each step in the iteration .
The concepts behind the adaptive step size integration will not be described in this article .
The following code demonstrates the usage of the stepper function :
#include < iostream > #include < boost / numeric /odeint.hpp > # define tab " \t " using namespace std ; using namespace boost : : numeric : : odeint ; typedef vector < double > state_type ; const double sigma = 10 .
0 ; const double R = 28 .
0 ; const double b = 8 . 0 / 3 . 0 ; void lorenz ( state_type &x , state_type &dxdt , double t ) { dxdt [ 0 ] = sigma * ( x [ 1 ] - x [ 0 ] ) ; dxdt [ 1 ] = R * x [ 0 ] - x [ 1 ] - x [ 0 ] * x [ 2 ] ; dxdt [ 2 ] = x [ 0 ] * x [ 1 ] - b * x [ 2 ] ; } int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { const double dt = 0 .
01 ; state_type x ( 3 ) ; x [ 0 ] = 1 . 0 ; x [ 1 ] = 0 . 0 ; x [ 2 ] = 0 . 0 ; stepper_euler < state_type > stepper ; stepper.adjust_size( x ) ; double t = 0 . 0 ; for ( size_t oi= 0 ; oi<10000 ; ++oi,t+=dt ) { stepper.do_step ( lorenz , x , t , dt ) ; cout << x [ 0 ] << tab << x [ 1 ] << tab << x [ 2 ] << endl ; } }
In some cases , it is desirable to define the ODE as a class .
In our example , lorenz could also be defined as a class , having the appropriate bracket operator :
class lorenz_class { public : void operator ( ) ( state_type &x , state_type &dxdt , double t ) { dxdt [ 0 ] = sigma * ( x [ 1 ] - x [ 0 ] ) ; dxdt [ 1 ] = R * x [ 0 ] - x [ 1 ] - x [ 0 ] * x [ 2 ] ; dxdt [ 2 ] = x [ 0 ] * x [ 1 ] - b * x [ 2 ] ; } }
which is then called via :
lorenz_class lorenzo ; stepper.do_step ( lorenzo , x , t , dt ) ;
With classes more complicated dynamical systems ( ODEs ) can be created .
Integration Function
The next main idea is to provide one or more functions to automatically iterate the state of the ODE , with the possibility to observe the state in each step .
This is done with the integrate_const function :
template < class Stepper , class DynamicalSystem , class Observer > size_t integrate_const ( Stepper &stepper , DynamicalSystem &system , typename Stepper : : container_type &state , typename Stepper : : time_type start_time , typename Stepper : : time_type end_time , typename Stepper : : time_type dt , Observer &observer ) { stepper.adjust_size( state ) ; size_t iteration = 0 ; while ( start_time < end_time ) { observer ( start_time , state , system ) ; stepper.do_step ( system , state , start_time , dt ) ; start_time += dt ; ++iteration ; } observer ( start_time , state , system ) ; return iteration ; }
which solves the ODE with constant steps dt in the time interval start_time , end_time .
The initial state has also to be provided .
Furthermore , the concept of an observer is introduced , although this is not exactly an Observer pattern .
Again , the observer can have any type , it only has to possesses the bracket operator , operator ( ) ( time , state , system ) .
For example , lambda expressions from boost can be used :
integrate_const ( stepper , lorenz , x , 0 . 0 , 10 . 0 , dt , cout << _ 1 << tab << _ 2 [ 0 ] << "
" ) ;
or :
vector < double > lx ; back_insert_iterator < vector < double > > iter ( lx ) ; integrate_const ( stepper , lorenz , x , 0 . 0 , 10 . 0 , dt , var ( * iter ++ ) = _ 2 [ 0 ] ) ;
Installation
The whole library is header only , meaning that no special installation process has to be carried out .
On unixoid systems , do the following :
Unpack the sources : unzip odeint.zip
Change to the odeint directory : cd odeint
Set the boost environment variable : export $ BOOST_ROOT=path_to_boost
Compile the lorenz example : make
Now , an executable lorenz should be present .
The boost sources are needed for the lambda expressions in the example .
You can download them from boost.org and the environment variable should point to the root directory of boost , in which you will find the subdirectories bin .v2 , boost , doc , lib , more , ...
For MSVC odeint will also work , but at the moment I do n't have a step to step guide on how to compile the example .
Summary and Outlook
I have shown you some design aspects , and the usage of odeint - a C++ framework for solving ordinary differential equations .
It is very easy to use and very flexible .
The performance is also very good .
We have made some test run , where odeint is compared with the gsl .
As a test system , the Lorenz system was used .
It turned out that odeint is about two times faster than the gsl routines .
The source code provided with this article is a snapshot of the current development .
Some methods for adaptive step size control exist and some methods to solve Hamiltonian system .
In the following table , an overview over existing methods is given .
S means that the stepper fulfills the simple stepper concept described above , whereas E means that the stepper fulfills the Error stepper concept , which is not introduced here but needed for adaptive step size control .
Method Class name Order Error ( order ) Stepper concept Euler stepper_euler 1 No S Runge Kutta 4 stepper_rk4 4 No S Runge Kutta Cash Karp stepper_rk5_ck 5 Yes 4 E Runge Kutta Fehlber stepper_rk78_fehlberg 7 Yes 8 S , E Midpoint stepper_midpoint Var. No S Symplectic Euler hamiltonian_stepper_euler 1 No S Symplectic Runge - Kutta hamiltonian_stepper_rk 6 No S
The whole library is not complete , and will be extended in the near future .
We have a small Todo list , which should be completed before the final release :
Adaptors for Blitz ++ , MTL , boost ::ublas and boost:: multi_array
and Documentation
Solvers for stiff systems
Abstract the iterator algebra
If you like to contribute to this library , or have some interesting points , criticisms , or suggestions , you are cordially invited .
History
Attribute to The Libertarian Enterprise
Courtesy of HULU , I saw a couple of interesting documentaries the other day , about a pair of subjects most people would never think of connecting .
I do n't even know why I saw the connection , in a sort of flash , except that it seems to be my job as a writer .
One of them , anyway .
The first was about the Battle of Agincourt , fought in 1415 as a part of the Hundred Years ' War.
King Henry V of England , who claimed a right to rule some parts of France , and to whom that country allegedly owed a lot of money , made his famous St. Crispin 's Day speech ( at least in the play Shakespeare named after him ) and then proceeded to defeat a French army several times the size of the one he brought with him .
Henry 's victory ( which surprised even him ) would have changed the course of history can you imagine surly Parisian street characters insulting tourists in a Cockney accent ?
except that his heirs piddled away everything he'd won .
But what made the victory possible in the first place were mud , the Welsh longbow , and the " gray goose flock " .
Perhaps I should explain .
The Welsh longbow was a single , well - seasoned carefully - fashioned piece of yew six feet long from tip to tip ( when the average archer was more like five foot four ) .
Because the limbs were so long , it was easy to draw and the leverage those long limbs provided could propel an arrow at least a couple hundred yards .
The " gray goose flock " refers to arrows that were three feet long ( the expression was " a cloth - yard shaft " ) , made of ash , and fletched with goose feathers .
There is a ballistic characteristic called " sectional density " that I do n't really want to go into here , but these arrows had a lot of it , which let them travel a long way , and when they got where they were going , penetrate a guy wearing plate armor , through and through , and nail him to his fancy high - backed saddle .
It was called a flock because the archers working for Henry loosed their yard - long arrows under the direction of a non-com who showed them the proper angle and called the shots six hundred at a time .
The French knights could look up and see and hear death coming at them .
They died by the thousands that day , mired in the mud of freshly plowed fields that had been rained on for a week .
The knights did n't want to be cheated of their glory by a mob of peasants ( the ones on their side ) so they overrode their infantry , hit the mudand a wall of ash projectiles fell , man and horse , and were trampled , three deep .
" It 's just not fair ! " they cried .
For long years afterward , Henry VIII , who used archers to good effect , himself , had to put up with exactly the same whining : the French and other aristocrats complained bitterly about this invention , the Welsh longbow , that nullified a lifetime of training with animals and equipment in which they had invested fortunes , and which could now be defeated by mere farmers using couple of sticks and a piece of string .
" It 's just not fair ! "
Do what they would , the age of armored knights was over , and that was a very , very good thing .
It set up the psychology under which our ancestors , equipped with another revolutionary weapon , the flintlock Pennsylvania or Kentucky rifle , cast off the rule of kings altogether .
Most Americans today do n't appreciate what was really revolutionary about that rifle : compared with firearms that had preceded it , it was so simple in design and cheap to manufacture , every family could own one .
Politicians and bureaucrats still have n't gotten over it .
The other documentary I watched was part of the Modern Marvels series , concerning " the world 's biggest machines " .
Most of the program was dedicated to giant ships and trucks , airplanes and helicopters , and amazing earthmoving behemoths .
The whole thing was extremely entertaining and enlightening .
When I saw a ship so big it was used to bring the U.S.S .
Cole home on its deck move off with the world 's largest marine drilling rig , I almost wept to realize that our species is still capable of creating that kind of massive industrial magnificence .
See it on HULU here .
The last item in that program , however , and what prompted me to write this article , was the titanic conglomeration of impossibly complicated machinery that prints , cuts , collates , and folds the Indianapolis Star each day , bundles it up and kicks it out to the waiting trucks for distribution .
Each roll of paper is six miles long ; thousands of gallons of colored ink are involved , as well .
When I was a journalism student in back high school , I toured a much more modest printing plant in Pensacola and had been impressed .
The Star 's plant goes beyond impressive , hundreds of yards long , housed in a building you could play several simultaneous games of hockey in , full of bright lights and bustling , busy people who seem to know exactly what they 're doing .
And suddenly I knew way , way beyond the differences in politics that seem to capture everyone 's attention exactly why the " Old Media " , the " Main Stream Media " , hate , loathe , despise , and fear the Internet .
Consider that Matt Drudge of DrudgeReport.com has probably altered the course of American history at least a dozen times .
And yet , if in the years he 's been operating , he 's spent more than one percent of one percent of what it costs to run a lashup like Indianapolis Star , let alone get it to its readers , I would be shocked right down to the ground .
The newspaper has 300,000 readers .
Drudge has tens of millions .
Even our own modest undertaking , The Libertarian Enterprise , online now for about 15 years , likely reaches the population of a small city , and goes all over the world , on the skinniest shoestring you can imagine .
" It 's just not fair ! " you can hear the bustling workers bitterly complaining as one huge newspaper after another takes a nosedive into today 's mud of Agincourt : obsolesence and bankruptcy .
The television networks and stations are right behind them .
The paradigm has shifted .
The worm has turned .
Charles
Fort would say it is n't time to newspaper any more .
Before too much longer those giant presses will be so much junk .
Medieval aristocrats could n't uninvent the Welsh longbow , the clothyard arrow , or the gray goose flock .
A lot of people today would like to uninvent the Internet .
But any individual can now communicate with any other individual all over the planet , and it 's too late to stop .
Mess with the ' Net as it is , it will simply morph into something else .
That 's a very , very , very good thing .
And just not fair at all .
Lies Your Parents Told You
I once overheard a neighbour use the phrase " nig nog " .
I asked my father what it meant .
As quick as a flash he said , " It 's a type of biscuit .
A bit like a hobnob . "
Can you beat this ?
BTW : We 're keeping this thread open for an extra week as we 're enjoying the stories so much .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:29 ) I once overheard a neighbour use the phrase " nig nog " .
I asked my father what it meant .
As quick as a flash he said , " It 's a type of biscuit .
A bit like a hobnob . "
Can you beat this ?
BTW : We 're keeping this thread open for an extra week as we 're enjoying the stories so much . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:29 )
Speaking as a parent myself , and therefore lying through my teeth ...
My seven year old son pointed to the condom machine in the pub toilets and asked " Daddy , what 's that ? "
" That , son , is a chewing gum machine . "
" Can I have some then ?
They 've got fruit flavoured . "
" Err ... I have n't got any money . "
All well and good , but he now asks me the same question wherever we go , and I am obliged to pretend that I am broke .
God knows what he thinks the " Novelty " flavour are .
I once cracked the " Two quid a packet , but * what * bubbles " gag to him , just as a test , and he did n't have a clue what I was on about , which , I suppose , was fortunate .
Downfall , naturally , in front of a large audience in the Gents ' in Tesco .
The little bugger .
I also convinced him , on Children in Need night , that we do n't have to donate any money because " we 've already done our bit . "
" How 's that then . "
" We gave fifty quid to the children 's home to get you . "
The threat to send him back always works in those sticky parental moments .
Maybe we should come clean sooner or later .
He thinks " Oliver " is a documentary .
Edit : Have also told my kids that a ) if they get out of bed , killer clowns will eat their brains and b ) the really tall steel chimney at the hospital is in fact a rocket that 's landed in someone 's belly button .
Result : son who is phobic about his navel and a daughter who had a panic attack at a birthday party .
Whoops .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:56 , My seven year old son pointed to the condom machine in the pub toilets and asked " Daddy , what 's that ? " " That , son , is a chewing gum machine . "
" Can I have some then ?
They 've got fruit flavoured . " " Err ... I have n't got any money .
" All well and good , but he now asks me the same question wherever we go , and I am obliged to pretend that I am broke .
God knows what he thinks the " Novelty " flavour are .
I once cracked the " Two quid a packet , but * what * bubbles " gag to him , just as a test , and he did n't have a clue what I was on about , which , I suppose , was fortunate .
Downfall , naturally , in front of a large audience in the Gents ' in Tesco .
The little bugger .
I also convinced him , on Children in Need night , that we do n't have to donate any money because " we 've already done our bit .
" " How 's that then .
" " We gave fifty quid to the children 's home to get you .
" The threat to send him back always works in those sticky parental moments .
Maybe we should come clean sooner or later .
He thinks " Oliver " is a documentary .
Have also told my kids that a ) if they get out of bed , killer clowns will eat their brains and b ) the really tall steel chimney at the hospital is in fact a rocket that 's landed in someone 's belly button .
Result : son who is phobic about his navel and a daughter who had a panic attack at a birthday party .
Whoops . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:56 , Reply
Lie : " we 're going to visit Granny "
Truth :
Aged six , I noticed mum packing lots of things into giant traverling case .
" What are you doing ? "
" Packing your case ....
We 're going to visit Granny "
" Oh ! Goody !
I like it at Grannies . "
after 4 hours in the car I could n't help think it was taking longer to get there than usual .
" How long now ? "
" Not long . "
within the hour I was watching my parents through my tears , as they left me at Lisvane Boarding School in North Yourkshire .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:54 , Truth :
Aged six , I noticed mum packing lots of things into giant traverling case .
" What are you doing ? " " Packing your case ....
We 're going to visit Granny " " Oh !
Goody !
I like it at Grannies . " after 4 hours in the car I could n't help think it was taking longer to get there than usual .
" How long now ? " " Not long . " within the hour I was watching my parents through my tears , as they left me at Lisvane Boarding School in North Yourkshire . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:54 , Reply
That the tree I was sawing ....
... a branch off for my Father would n't catapult backwards when the branch was severed and send me flying backwards through the air .
It did .
Though , the best I ever heard was a friend of mine who was born in Africa ......
He had an older brother who lived in Africa with the parents .
They also had a pet monkey .
Now , there were a great many family pictures prior to my friend 's birth that featured his Mother , Father , Brother and the monkey .
His parents told him that the monkey in the pictures was him and they started shaving him because they were embarrassed by him monkey body hair .
He believed this till he was 14 .
He is a ratehr disturbed man these days .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:46 , ... a branch off for my Father would n't catapult backwards when the branch was severed and send me flying backwards through the air .
It did .
Though , the best I ever heard was a friend of mine who was born in Africa ...... He had an older brother who lived in Africa with the parents .
They also had a pet monkey .
Now , there were a great many family pictures prior to my friend 's birth that featured his Mother , Father , Brother and the monkey .
His parents told him that the monkey in the pictures was him and they started shaving him because they were embarrassed by him monkey body hair .
He believed this till he was 14 .
He is a ratehr disturbed man these days . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:46 , Reply
My birthday
My parents lied to me about when my birthday was .
I went into daycare quite young and my pre-school teacher suggested I might be bored staying for another year and that I was ready to start school ( yes I must have been a monster ) .
As I went to Catholic schools my parents simply tippexed out the date on my baptismal certificate and typed over the top adjusting my birth date by two months so I would make the cut off date for entry for that year .
So from 4 until about 6 or so I celebrated it then .
However I think that on my 7th birthday I got a little confused about the date ( and who could blame me ) and insisted that it was the day before .
When I have tried to piece it together I can vaguely remember as that was the only year I did n't have a proper cake .
So from 7 til 11 I thought that this birthday was my real birthday when in fact it was n't even my real fake birthday which was a day later .
That said I celebrated my birthday on this date til I was 18 .
I 'm still a bit funny about my birthdays to this day .
But I 'm the only one that celebrates all 3 .
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 12:49 , My parents lied to me about when my birthday was .
I went into daycare quite young and my pre-school teacher suggested I might be bored staying for another year and that I was ready to start school ( yes I must have been a monster ) .
As I went to Catholic schools my parents simply tippexed out the date on my baptismal certificate and typed over the top adjusting my birth date by two months so I would make the cut off date for entry for that year .
So from 4 until about 6 or so I celebrated it then .
However I think that on my 7th birthday I got a little confused about the date ( and who could blame me ) and insisted that it was the day before .
When I have tried to piece it together I can vaguely remember as that was the only year I did n't have a proper cake .
So from 7 til 11 I thought that this birthday was my real birthday when in fact it was n't even my real fake birthday which was a day later .
That said I celebrated my birthday on this date til I was 18 .
I 'm still a bit funny about my birthdays to this day .
But I 'm the only one that celebrates all 3 . ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 12:49 , Reply
Bunnies : It Can't Be Only Me !
I 've read through the entire thread now , and have been forced to delurk for my first ever post , by the strange lack of tales about bunnies .
I mean , I can't be the only one who 's parents made them quiver with terror at the mere mention of the fluffy toothed ones , can I ?
For those of you who had parents who cared and therefore do n't understand , it goes like this : the parent describes the bunny as " a hairy creature , with big teeth and big ears , that lives in a hole in the ground " .
However , they do n't also mention that the bunny is a ) small b) cute c ) has n't got fangs and d ) only eats grass .
So basically I thought bunnies were a sort of giant , hole - dwelling troll . :(
My parents never bothered retract their clumsy explanation of what a bunny is when they were having so much fun torturing me .
" Be quiet , or I 'll let the bunny rabbits have you ! " would keep me quiet for hours .
Apparently , it all came to end on my third day at school , when my primary school teacher asked me whether I wanted to help feed the bunny she had bought in .
Though I do n't remember it myself , they say it took about 45 minutes to coax me out from under the headmasters car ...
I still do n't like going near bunnies ; I have to force myself to remember that they are n't evil .
Surely I am not alone in being mentally scarred in this manner ...?
Come on , confess it , you buggers .
Actually , now I come to think about it , my dad told me that the empty boiler suit that he had left down in the garage crawlspace was all that remained of the last person to annoy him , and my nan told me evil gypsys go around offering doped sweets to children , so they could sell them into slavery in Persia .
My family was EVIL .
( , Sun 18 Jan 2004 , 20:52 , I 've read through the entire thread now , and have been forced to delurk for my first ever post , by the strange lack of tales about bunnies .
I mean , I can't be the only one who 's parents made them quiver with terror at the mere mention of the fluffy toothed ones , can I ?
For those of you who had parents who cared and therefore do n't understand , it goes like this : the parent describes the bunny as " a hairy creature , with big teeth and big ears , that lives in a hole in the ground " .
However , they do n't also mention that the bunny is a ) small b) cute c ) has n't got fangs and d ) only eats grass .
So basically I thought bunnies were a sort of giant , hole - dwelling troll . :(
My parents never bothered retract their clumsy explanation of what a bunny is when they were having so much fun torturing me .
" Be quiet , or I 'll let the bunny rabbits have you ! " would keep me quiet for hours .
Apparently , it all came to end on my third day at school , when my primary school teacher asked me whether I wanted to help feed the bunny she had bought in .
Though I do n't remember it myself , they say it took about 45 minutes to coax me out from under the headmasters car ... I still do n't like going near bunnies ; I have to force myself to remember that they are n't evil .
Surely I am not alone in being mentally scarred in this manner ...?
Come on , confess it , you buggers .
Actually , now I come to think about it , my dad told me that the empty boiler suit that he had left down in the garage crawlspace was all that remained of the last person to annoy him , and my nan told me evil gypsys go around offering doped sweets to children , so they could sell them into slavery in Persia .
My family was EVIL . ( , Sun 18 Jan 2004 , 20:52 , Reply
When I was little
my uncle told me that during ww2 he flew around in a giant meatball bombing Italy .
The italians would all be drawn out from their houses shouting " Mamma mia , look at the giant meatball ! " , making it easier to bomb them .
He was quite mad .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 20:52 , my uncle told me that during ww2 he flew around in a giant meatball bombing Italy .
The italians would all be drawn out from their houses shouting " Mamma mia , look at the giant meatball ! " , making it easier to bomb them .
He was quite mad . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 20:52 , Reply
I was informed ...
that my parents had died in a car crash and I had to live with my Aunt and Uncle and their fat bastard son Dudley .
And now , several years on , sodding letters are coming down the chimney .
I mean , wtf ?!
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 16:38 , that my parents had died in a car crash and I had to live with my Aunt and Uncle and their fat bastard son Dudley .
And now , several years on , sodding letters are coming down the chimney .
I mean , wtf ? !( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 16:38 , Reply
A long time ago ......
In the early ninties - when there was nothing on TV , and a young 'un had nothing but coal to play with , I had a discussion with my dear mother .
I said - " Mother dear .
Will I be happy , will I be rich "
Here 's what she said to me - " Que sara sara . "
Slightly confused by this anti-englified response I asked - " What the f*dge does that mean ? "
" It means kill Sarah .
Sarah . " she replied , catatonically .
I 'm currently serving the 10th of my 13 year sentence .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 14:03 ,
In the early ninties - when there was nothing on TV , and a young 'un had nothing but coal to play with , I had a discussion with my dear mother .
I said - " Mother dear .
Will I be happy , will I be rich " Here 's what she said to me - " Que sara sara .
" Slightly confused by this anti-englified response I asked - " What the f*dge does that mean ? "
" It means kill Sarah .
Sarah . " she replied , catatonically .
I 'm currently serving the 10th of my 13 year sentence . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 14:03 , Reply
ahh , childish innocence ...
I once asked my father ( a venerable sage of wisdom and other useful information ) why nut , bolts , screws , etc were marked as either " metric " or " imperial " .
" Ah , " came his sage - like reply , " this is because metric is a new invention , designed to standardise international sizes . "
" But what about imperial ? " asks I . " Why did we change ? "
" It was a long time ago " said he , " the Imperial measurement was invented by the emporer ; and only he knew the exact size .
When the Death Star blew up , the knowledge was lost , so we had to invent some new measurements .
All the imperial nuts and bolts you see now are the last ones made before he died . "
I believed that for years ...
( , Mon 19 Jan 2004 , 23:56 , I once asked my father ( a venerable sage of wisdom and other useful information ) why nut , bolts , screws , etc were marked as either " metric " or " imperial " .
" Ah , " came his sage - like reply , " this is because metric is a new invention , designed to standardise international sizes . " " But what about imperial ? " asks I . " Why did we change ? " " It was a long time ago " said he , " the Imperial measurement was invented by the emporer ; and only he knew the exact size .
When the Death Star blew up , the knowledge was lost , so we had to invent some new measurements .
All the imperial nuts and bolts you see now are the last ones made before he died .
" I believed that for years ... ( , Mon 19 Jan 2004 , 23:56 , Reply
Winter sports
It 's 1983 and I 'm 10 years old .
Ski Sunday is on the telly , and I ask my dad why onlookers are banging cowbells and shouting every time a contestant skis past .
He says ,
" it 's so that blind skiers can keep away from the sides " .
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 22:57 , It 's 1983 and I 'm 10 years old .
Ski Sunday is on the telly , and I ask my dad why onlookers are banging cowbells and shouting every time a contestant skis past .
He says , " it 's so that blind skiers can keep away from the sides " . ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 22:57 , Reply
Fog is n't there
Or rather , fog happens when God gets up late in the morning and has n't finished making the world ... the only bit he 's bothered with is the bit around to you and a hazy outline will do for all the far away stuff ( unless you want to go up to it and then he 'll fill it in . )
I quite like this one , as it made me centre of the universe .
I still find myself thinking about fog this way .
I cant help it .
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 16:00 , Or rather , fog happens when God gets up late in the morning and has n't finished making the world ... the only bit he 's bothered with is the bit around to you and a hazy outline will do for all the far away stuff ( unless you want to go up to it and then he 'll fill it in . ) I quite like this one , as it made me centre of the universe .
I still find myself thinking about fog this way .
I cant help it . ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 16:00 , Reply
That if I told the truth
I would n't get in so much trouble .
Big Lie .
I have no " I like this " boo !
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:37 , I would n't get in so much trouble .
Big Lie .
I have no " I like this " boo ! ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:37 , Reply
Bad Vibes
When I was about 12 I asked my Dad if he had any spare AA batteries that I could use for my walkman ' cos I could n't find any .
He said yes , and I followed him upstairs to get the batteries .
he went digging into the top drawer of the bedside cabinet and unscrewed the green end of this predominantly orange ribbed thing .
" what 's that dad ? " i asked
" It 's a joke carrot a friend gave me " he said , passing me the batteries .
a year later I needed some more batteries , and as my folks were out I thought I would go to the " battery drawer " .
there were six vibrators and a pot of delay cream .
needless to say i shuddered , especially a few years later when my younger sister discovered the same ....
( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 1:48 , When I was about 12 I asked my Dad if he had any spare AA batteries that I could use for my walkman ' cos I could n't find any .
He said yes , and I followed him upstairs to get the batteries .he went digging into the top drawer of the bedside cabinet and unscrewed the green end of this predominantly orange ribbed thing .
" what 's that dad ? " i asked " It 's a joke carrot a friend gave me " he said , passing me the batteries .
a year later I needed some more batteries , and as my folks were out I thought I would go to the " battery drawer " .
there were six vibrators and a pot of delay cream .
needless to say i shuddered , especially a few years later when my younger sister discovered the same .... ( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 1:48 , Reply
Five - legged horse
" Why 's that horse got five legs ? "
This is of course because some horses mummys and daddys are magic , and so the baby horses have a special extra leg which it can use when one of the others gets tired .
Not at all because it's got a frighteningly large cock dragging along the floor .
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 12:38 , " Why 's that horse got five legs ?
" This is of course because some horses mummys and daddys are magic , and so the baby horses have a special extra leg which it can use when one of the others gets tired .
Not at all because it's got a frighteningly large cock dragging along the floor . ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 12:38 , Reply
Bird Brain
One day before leaving for school I told my mom that Tweety , our parakeet , was stiff at the bottom of the cage .
She told me that she would put him in a paper bag and bring him to the doctor .
When I got home that day , Tweety was fine , but he was a green instead of blue .
My mom told me the medicine does that sometimes .
Tweety lived a very long time , but every so often he would have to go to the doctor and sometimes his color would change .
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 1:57 , One day before leaving for school I told my mom that Tweety , our parakeet , was stiff at the bottom of the cage .
She told me that she would put him in a paper bag and bring him to the doctor .
When I got home that day , Tweety was fine , but he was a green instead of blue .
My mom told me the medicine does that sometimes .
Tweety lived a very long time , but every so often he would have to go to the doctor and sometimes his color would change . ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 1:57 , Reply
Milk
.. My father , when I was around 3 or 4 , would regularly ask me where milk came from .
Being an intelligent child , I replied ' Cows ' , which would appear to be correct .
However , my Father , being the ' funny bugger ' that he is , would advise me that I was correct , but he enjoyed adding that it was possible to get milk from trees , and , in fact , that is where we got our milk from .
' Bollocks ' ( or some such 3 year old variant ) I replied , " Milk comes from Cows and cows alone "
I went to bed one evening , and The Great Bald One ( TM ) had an evil gleam in his eye .
I awoke , refreshed from my peaceful slumber , and my Father , excited , pointed out of the window .
" There " he cried triumphantly .
" Milk .
On the Tree. I 'll go and pick it now " .
And there , lo and behold , milk bottles were hanging , white and proud from the tree .
He had tied milk bottles to the tree .
After that day , for a good while after , whenever people would ask where milk came from , I would reply " cows .
And Trees "
He 's just that kind of man .
And I have become him with my own son .
Lying to children for your own amusement is very funny , it is big , and it is clever .
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 12:22 , .. My father , when I was around 3 or 4 , would regularly ask me where milk came from .
Being an intelligent child , I replied ' Cows ' , which would appear to be correct .
However , my Father , being the ' funny bugger ' that he is , would advise me that I was correct , but he enjoyed adding that it was possible to get milk from trees , and , in fact , that is where we got our milk from .
' Bollocks ' ( or some such 3 year old variant ) I replied , " Milk comes from Cows and cows alone " I went to bed one evening , and The Great Bald One ( TM ) had an evil gleam in his eye .
I awoke , refreshed from my peaceful slumber , and my Father , excited , pointed out of the window .
" There " he cried triumphantly .
" Milk .
On the Tree. I 'll go and pick it now " .
And there , lo and behold , milk bottles were hanging , white and proud from the tree .
He had tied milk bottles to the tree .
After that day , for a good while after , whenever people would ask where milk came from , I would reply " cows .
And Trees
" He 's just that kind of man .
And I have become him with my own son .
Lying to children for your own amusement is very funny , it is big , and it is clever . ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 12:22 , Reply
It happened very rarely , but every now and then the tables could be turned ....
When I was really young , my parents bought my sister and me each a mechanical alarm clock - the kind with the two bells on top .
I took mine up to my room , and about half an hour later my mother came in to find me sitting on the floor , surrounded by tiny clock parts .
I was just learning to use a screwdriver .
She gulped a few times , said nothing , then turned and walked out .
Another half hour after that , she came in again to find me sitting on the floor , playing with a complete alarm clock - and it worked !
She was absolutely amazed .
Stunned .
She told all her friends about her genius son who stripped an alarm clock down to its tiniest little spring then put it all properly back together again , and it kept perfect time .
What she did n't know was that once I 'd taken the thing apart I realized there was no way in hell I could figure out how to get all those pieces to fit back together ... so I went over to the next room and took my sister 's clock .
To this day she does n't realize the stunt - and it served me very well when I wanted to take apart the vacuum cleaner , the stereo , and anything else I could get my hands on .
I had open reign on the household machinery .
I learned my lesson though - after the clock I made sure I laid all the bits and pieces out in order so I knew how they went back !
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 6:37 , When I was really young , my parents bought my sister and me each a mechanical alarm clock - the kind with the two bells on top .
I took mine up to my room , and about half an hour later my mother came in to find me sitting on the floor , surrounded by tiny clock parts .
I was just learning to use a screwdriver .
She gulped a few times , said nothing , then turned and walked out .
Another half hour after that , she came in again to find me sitting on the floor , playing with a complete alarm clock - and it worked !
She was absolutely amazed .
Stunned .
She told all her friends about her genius son who stripped an alarm clock down to its tiniest little spring then put it all properly back together again , and it kept perfect time .
What she did n't know was that once I 'd taken the thing apart I realized there was no way in hell I could figure out how to get all those pieces to fit back together ... so I went over to the next room and took my sister 's clock .
To this day she does n't realize the stunt - and it served me very well when I wanted to take apart the vacuum cleaner , the stereo , and anything else I could get my hands on .
I had open reign on the household machinery .
I learned my lesson though - after the clock I made sure I laid all the bits and pieces out in order so I knew how they went back ! ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 6:37 , Reply
Back in the olden days ...
... when I were little , I used to LOVE having baths .
So much so , in fact that I hated getting out of the water and would complain vociferously through the medium of hysterical weeping .
This quite rightly narked my folks off good and proper so they told me that a monstrous beasty called Tommy Splodger lived down the plughole and he'd come out and eat me if I did n't get out by the time the water ran out of the bath .
The gurgle of draining water was Tommy slurping it down eager to get a taste of me !
Thenceforth , my exasperated folks had more problems getting me into the bath than out of it due to my terror at being devoured by the drain dwelling Mr Splodger .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 14:22 , ... when I were little , I used to LOVE having baths .
So much so , in fact that I hated getting out of the water and would complain vociferously through the medium of hysterical weeping .
This quite rightly narked my folks off good and proper so they told me that a monstrous beasty called Tommy Splodger lived down the plughole and he'd come out and eat me if I did n't get out by the time the water ran out of the bath .
The gurgle of draining water was Tommy slurping it down eager to get a taste of me !
Thenceforth , my exasperated folks had more problems getting me into the bath than out of it due to my terror at being devoured by the drain dwelling Mr Splodger . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 14:22 , Reply
That when the ice cream van music plays
It means that they 've run out of ice creams .
bastards .
( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:54 , It means that they 've run out of ice creams .
bastards . ( , Wed 14 Jan 2004 , 13:54 , Reply
Oh , remembered another one !
Not a parent , but my A - level Biology teacher told us about this time back at her old school , when the whole Biology department decided , for a laugh , to pretend to an entire GCSE Biology class that the reason seagulls sleep standing on one leg is so that they do n't get eaten by limpets .
The theory was that limpets are carnivorous creatures , and the way they catch their prey ( seagulls ) is by waiting until they 're asleep , then crawling very slowly onto their legs , and then when they wake up , they are unable to walk or take off , and so when the tide comes in , they drown , and the limpets feast .
So of course , sleeping standing on one leg halves the chances of being killed by limpets .
Of course , a lot the kids at first thought it was nonsense , so they went and asked the other biology teachers , who were of course in on it , and confirmed her story ( and of course these kids were at the age when teachers still had no lives outside the classrooms , and so did n't communicate with each other ) .
I like to think that someone , somewhere , has failed their GCSE because of this , and now harbours a bitter hatred and a lust for revenge ...
( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 20:17 , Not a parent , but my A - level Biology teacher told us about this time back at her old school , when the whole Biology department decided , for a laugh , to pretend to an entire GCSE Biology class that the reason seagulls sleep standing on one leg is so that they do n't get eaten by limpets .
The theory was that limpets are carnivorous creatures , and the way they catch their prey ( seagulls ) is by waiting until they 're asleep , then crawling very slowly onto their legs , and then when they wake up , they are unable to walk or take off , and so when the tide comes in , they drown , and the limpets feast .
So of course , sleeping standing on one leg halves the chances of being killed by limpets .
Of course , a lot the kids at first thought it was nonsense , so they went and asked the other biology teachers , who were of course in on it , and confirmed her story ( and of course these kids were at the age when teachers still had no lives outside the classrooms , and so did n't communicate with each other ) .
I like to think that someone , somewhere , has failed their GCSE because of this , and now harbours a bitter hatred and a lust for revenge ... ( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 20:17 , Reply
Wasps and Bees , oh my
My dad told me that bees were friendly and wasps were mean , and that I should run screaming from wasps but be calm and peaceful around bees .
At primary school , a bee came in .
All the little kids freak out and run screaming from it .
Of course , I stand still , smug in the knowledge that bees are our friends .
It stings me .
I had such a go at my dad that night .
His response ?
" It might have been a wasp in disguise , they 're really tricky ... "
Gah , parents !
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 7:20 , My dad told me that bees were friendly and wasps were mean , and that I should run screaming from wasps but be calm and peaceful around bees .
At primary school , a bee came in .
All the little kids freak out and run screaming from it .
Of course , I stand still , smug in the knowledge that bees are our friends .
It stings me .
I had such a go at my dad that night .
His response ?
" It might have been a wasp in disguise , they 're really tricky ... " Gah , parents ! ( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 7:20 , Reply
My *lying bastard * Parents
Told me for the first 5 years of my life that the correct way to spell my name was ' PEST '
i got sent to the headteacher on the first day of primary school because i was " bieng insolent "
they apologised for getting me in trouble that night though
when my dad tried to tell me it was all a joke , i wouldnt believe him
( , Wed 21 Jan 2004 , 13:58 , Told me for the first 5 years of my life that the correct way to spell my name was ' PEST 'i got sent to the headteacher on the first day of primary school because i was " bieng insolent " they apologised for getting me in trouble that night thoughwhen my dad tried to tell me it was all a joke , i wouldnt believe him ( , Wed 21 Jan 2004 , 13:58 , Reply
Why Mother , WHY ?
My mother told me , when I was around 7 years old , that men could have babies , but they come out the bum and it was very messy on account of all the poo .
What the hell is up with that ?
( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 15:39 , My mother told me , when I was around 7 years old , that men could have babies , but they come out the bum and it was very messy on account of all the poo .
What the hell is up with that ? ( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 15:39 , Reply
Horse whisperer ?
When I was young , my mom told me if you blew up a horses nostrils , it was horse for " let 's be friends " and the horse would straight away be docile and allow me to ride it .
When I was older , I tried it .
The horse sneezed all over me , and ran off .
I was NOT impressed !
( , Sun 18 Jan 2004 , 11:55 , When I was young , my mom told me if you blew up a horses nostrils , it was horse for " let 's be friends " and the horse would straight away be docile and allow me to ride it .
When I was older , I tried it .
The horse sneezed all over me , and ran off .
I was NOT impressed !( , Sun 18 Jan 2004 , 11:55 , Reply
Tartan
When I was a litte kid , my mum took me and my brother to buy our first kilts .
She picked out a tartan , and told me that was our Clan tartan .
Fully chuffed , I wore my kilt with pride .
Fast - forward twenty years :
While preparing for our wedding , my mum phoned up to ask how it was going .
Me : " Good , Mum .
Just organising the kilt hire . "
Mum : " Oh , good .
What tartan are you going to have ? "
Me : " What do you mean ?
The Gordon , of course !
The family tartan ! "
Mum : " What are you talking about ?
We do n't have a family tartan ! "
Me ( identity wailing into the depths ) : " What ?
It 's Gordon .
You told me it was the Gordon !
We 're in the Gordon clan ! "
Mum : " Do n't be silly , son .
That just went with my dress at the time .
Anyway , what about the flowers ? "
Me : " whimper "
Some people on here say " I believed this until I was 7/6/9 " .
I believed her lies until I was twenty - bloody - six !
( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 16:15 , When I was a litte kid , my mum took me and my brother to buy our first kilts .
She picked out a tartan , and told me that was our Clan tartan .
Fully chuffed , I wore my kilt with pride .
Fast - forward twenty years :
While preparing for our wedding , my mum phoned up to ask how it was going .
Me : " Good , Mum .
Just organising the kilt hire .
" Mum : " Oh , good .
What tartan are you going to have ?
" Me : " What do you mean ?
The Gordon , of course !
The family tartan ! " Mum : " What are you talking about ?
We do n't have a family tartan !
" Me ( identity wailing into the depths ) : " What ?
It 's Gordon .
You told me it was the Gordon !
We 're in the Gordon clan ! " Mum : " Do n't be silly , son .
That just went with my dress at the time .
Anyway , what about the flowers ?
" Me : " whimper " Some people on here say " I believed this until I was 7/6/9 " .
I believed her lies until I was twenty - bloody - six ! ( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 16:15 , Reply
Couple of lies I 've told kids .
First one was a few years ago , I was working in a bar and it was Xmas Eve - all the girls had to dress in Mrs Santa outfits ( inc. fishnet stockings ) .
I slipped and fell and had four pint glasses in my hands - I sliced the top of my finger off .
Went to casualty and there was a 4 year old boy in there who'd fallen down the stairs looking for Santa ( I was the only female , the rest were just drunken yobs ) .
Little boy yells to his mum - " Mummy , it 's Mrs. Claus " and asks what I was doing in hospital .
I told him that I had been feeding Rudolph a carrot and that he'd bitten me - he was so into my story that I ended up regaling him with tales of elves and Santa 's workshop and stuff .
Eventually he said " Mrs Claus , is Santa bringing me a bike ? " - I looked over at his mum who nodded so I asked him if he'd been a good boy and he said he'd tried , so I told him if he went home to sleep after he got his stitches , he may just have a bike waiting for him .
Needless to say his mum loved me for taking kids mind off injury .
I went back to the bar I worked and got drunk all night :)
Yay .
2nd lie was to my ( then ) 4 year old cousin - Xmas Eve 2000 .
He was being a little shit , so I told him that the tracks in the sky ( aeroplane tracks ) were Santa 's sleigh , so if he did n't behave he'd get nothing for Xmas .
( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 4:30 , First one was a few years ago , I was working in a bar and it was Xmas Eve - all the girls had to dress in Mrs Santa outfits ( inc. fishnet stockings ) .
I slipped and fell and had four pint glasses in my hands - I sliced the top of my finger off .
Went to casualty and there was a 4 year old boy in there who'd fallen down the stairs looking for Santa ( I was the only female , the rest were just drunken yobs ) .
Little boy yells to his mum - " Mummy , it 's Mrs. Claus " and asks what I was doing in hospital .
I told him that I had been feeding Rudolph a carrot and that he'd bitten me - he was so into my story that I ended up regaling him with tales of elves and Santa 's workshop and stuff .
Eventually he said " Mrs Claus , is Santa bringing me a bike ? " - I looked over at his mum who nodded so I asked him if he'd been a good boy and he said he'd tried , so I told him if he went home to sleep after he got his stitches , he may just have a bike waiting for him .
Needless to say his mum loved me for taking kids mind off injury .
I went back to the bar I worked and got drunk all night :)
Yay .
2nd lie was to my ( then ) 4 year old cousin - Xmas Eve 2000 .
He was being a little shit , so I told him that the tracks in the sky ( aeroplane tracks ) were Santa 's sleigh , so if he did n't behave he'd get nothing for Xmas . ( , Fri 16 Jan 2004 , 4:30 , Reply
lies .... all lies ....
being ginger ,
My parents told me that i had black hair when i was born
Until one day when they left me outside in the rain .................
........ and i went rusty ..
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 19:51 , being ginger , My parents told me that i had black hair when i was bornUntil one day when they left me outside in the rain ......................... and i went rusty ..( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 19:51 , Reply
Fascist Parents
Having a common name spelt an abnormal way was quiete frustrating when i was a youngster , could nver ever ever find any of they pencils pens or rulers spelling out my name .
When i asked my parents why they didnt make pencils or owt with my name on them " becasue there is nobody else in the universe spelt with a k " made me feel proper special til i was 14 and met sumone else spelt with a k .
i was heartbroken .
They later told me that the reason iw as spelt with a K is that so they didnt have to buy all that junk .
we used to hav routine where my bed time was at 8 and i had to go to bed after coranation street and i would go put my pajamas on at the commercial break .
my mum told me last year that they used to record it and put me to my bed at 5 oclock so that i would be sleeping all nite .
stupid kristine never ever clicked on ......
( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 1:01 , Having a common name spelt an abnormal way was quiete frustrating when i was a youngster , could nver ever ever find any of they pencils pens or rulers spelling out my name .
When i asked my parents why they didnt make pencils or owt with my name on them " becasue there is nobody else in the universe spelt with a k " made me feel proper special til i was 14 and met sumone else spelt with a k .
i was heartbroken .
They later told me that the reason iw as spelt with a K is that so they didnt have to buy all that junk .
we used to hav routine where my bed time was at 8 and i had to go to bed after coranation street and i would go put my pajamas on at the commercial break .
my mum told me last year that they used to record it and put me to my bed at 5 oclock so that i would be sleeping all nite .
stupid kristine never ever clicked on ......( , Thu 15 Jan 2004 , 1:01 , Reply
( CNN ) -- Calvino Inman had just stepped out of the shower one evening in May when a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror caused him to panic .
" I looked up and saw myself , and I thought I was going to die , " says the 15 - year - old from Rockwood , Tennessee .
His eyes were streaming tears of blood .
Doctors are still searching for a medical reason for Calvino Inman 's tears of blood .
Inman 's mother , Tammy Mynatt , says she immediately rushed him to the emergency room , but by the time they arrived , the bleeding had stopped .
Doctors could n't see what the family was trying to explain .
They returned home completely perplexed .
When the bloody tears returned a few days later while Inman was on a camping trip , he was rushed back to the hospital .
Mynatt hoped that once doctors finally witnessed the phenomenon , there would be answers .
But that was n't the case .
" The people at the hospital said they had never seen anything like it , " Mynatt recalls .
She says her son underwent an MRI , a CT scan and an ultrasound , but none of the tests had abnormal results .
" ' We do n't know how to stop it , ' " Mynatt remembers being told by doctors .
" It just has to run its course . "
Dr. Barrett G. Haik , director of the University of Tennessee 's Hamilton Eye Institute , says there is an answer , sort of .
He says " crying blood , " a condition called haemolacria , is common in people who have experienced extreme trauma or who have recently had a serious head injury .
But a case such as Inman 's is still a medical mystery .
" What 's really rare is to have a child like this , " Haik says .
" Only once every several years do you see someone with no obvious cause . "
Watch more on the teen who cried blood »
CNN Newsroom Meet Calvino Inman , the boy who cries blood tears , and Dr. James C. Flemming .
Friday at 10 a.m. see full schedule »
Haik and a team of researchers published a 2004 study in the Journal of the American Society of Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery looking specifically at children who developed unexplained , spontaneous episodes of bloody tears between February 1992 and January 2003 .
Only four cases were recorded .
Because of the rarity of the condition , experts anticipate Inman will have multiple tests from a variety of specialists , including hematologists ( blood specialists ) , ophthalmologists ( eye specialists ) and otolaryngologists ( ear , nose and throat specialists ) .
Dr. James C. Flemming , also an ophthalmologist at the Hamilton Eye Institute , has been in touch with Mynatt and her son .
He is reviewing Inman 's medical records for possible treatment .
Flemming says complications to look for include blood clots , a growth or tumor near the eye , or even a simple infection .
He also says the culprit could be something so tiny that none of the standard tests would pick it up .
" It 's a very hard thing to estimate , " Flemming says .
" You may have to watch expectedly for other symptoms to show up . "
Inman 's analysis would also include a psychological evaluation to rule out the possibility that the bloody tears were faked .
" When you can't find an origin , you ca n't eliminate any of the possibilities " Haik explains .
He says there have been cases where children seeking attention have found creative ways to simulate haemolacriatic symptoms .
Still , Mynatt and her son are relieved to at least have more guidance .
In an interview with CNN affiliate WATE , Mynatt was near tears herself explaining her frustration : " I just truly want somebody to say they 've seen this and they can help us . "
And that 's at least one reassurance Flemming and his team of experts at the Hamilton Eye Institute can offer .
" We get more positive talk now than negative .
It really feels like there 's hope , " Mynatt says , relieved .
But still , the possibility remains that after endless tests , the underlying cause may never be found .
In all four cases Haik examined previously , the bleeding stopped on its own .
" As physicians , that 's disconcerting , because we like to have the answers , " Haik admits .
Moreover , he says he knows from previous experience that the toll of not knowing is much worse for patients .
" I could always see the fear in their faces because no matter what we studied , we could n't find an answer . "
All About Eyesight and Eye Health
MONTEVIDEO ( Reuters ) - Uruguay ’s Congress legalized civil unions for homosexual couples on Tuesday in the first nationwide law of its kind in Latin America .
Under the new law , gay and straight couples will be eligible to form civil unions after living together for five years .
They will have rights similar to those granted to married couples on such matters as inheritance , pensions and child custody .
Uruguay ’s Senate passed the bill unanimously after the lower house approved it last month , a congressional spokesman said .
The country ’s center - left president is expected to sign it into law .
Several cities , including Buenos Aires and Mexico City , already have gay civil union laws on the books .
Uruguay ’s law would be the first nationwide measure in Latin America , which is home to about half the world ’s Roman Catholics .
In Uruguay , couples must register their relationship with authorities to gain the cohabitation rights , and they will also be able to formalize the end of a union .
Gay marriage remains illegal in Uruguay , a small South American country known for its secular streak .
The Catholic Church has said its opposition to gay marriage is non-negotiable and Catholic politicians have a moral duty to oppose it .
Earlier this year in Colombia , a group of senators shot down a landmark gay rights bill at the last minute , using a procedural vote to back away from the measure .
BEIJING --
Heavy snowfall in northern China is testing the country 's disaster preparedness and prompting fresh questions about Beijing 's efforts to alter its weather .
A massive blizzard over the past week has dumped some of the heaviest snow in five decades on China 's usually arid north , clogging highways and collapsing buildings in seven provinces .
The storm , which began Monday , had caused at least $ 650 million in damage as of Friday afternoon and killed more than 40 people in traffic accidents or building collapses triggered by the snow and ice , the government said .
This week 's storm follows an unusually early snowfall that blanketed Beijing on Nov. 1 .
Government media attributed the intensity of that storm to the Beijing Weather Modification Office , which is responsible for cloud - seeding operations in the capital , whose downtown area is surrounded by farmland .
The state - run Xinhua news agency quoted a top official at the office saying it had created 16 million metric tons of additional snow .
" We wo n't miss any opportunity [ for ] artificial precipitation since Beijing is suffering from the lingering drought , " the official , Zhang Qiang , was quoted as saying .
The government 's role in that storm angered some people .
One blogger on the popular Web site Sohu.com posted a photograph of angry passengers on a grounded flight , and suggested that the weather - modification office should be required to pay compensation for the disruptions the snow caused .
" The weather belongs to everyone , not just to the ' Department of Artificial Interference with the Weather , ' " he wrote .
At the start of this week 's storm -- which dumped varying amounts of snow across the region but totaled well over a foot in some places -- some observers assumed the weather manipulators were at work again .
A report in the state - backed China Daily , an English - language newspaper , carried the headline " Weather Is Manipulated Again for Snow , " and cited an unnamed official from the weather - modification office saying that it had caused the precipitation , but declining to elaborate .
I help my clients resolve issues related to divorce such as marital property distribution , child custody , parenting plans , visitation , and child support .
Real estate law : I represent buyers and sellers of residential and commercial real estate in the Centennial area .
Business and commercial law : I assist clients with the formation of corporations and limited liability companies , contract drafting and business transactions .
Following up on assurances he made in May , President Obama has reportedly ‘ reaffirmed ’ a secret understanding whereby he will not reveal the existence of Israel ’s widely known nuclear arsenal , nor will he pressure Israel to join the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
Though Israel has often , albeit accidentally , publicly revealed that they have nuclear weapons , the United States officially has followed a “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy with the arsenal , the only one of its kind in the Middle East .
The revelation is likely to cause some international consternation , particularly since President Obama championed a bill at the UN Security Council only last week demanding that all the nations of the world to join the NPT .
Despite this call , the US publicly and angrily rejected a resolution calling for Israel to join the NPT only a week before that , saying that it was “ unfair . ”
Israel has ruled out ever opening up its arsenal to the same international scrutiny as NPT signatories do .
With the DJIA approaching 10,000 again , let ’s reminisce about 1999 , the year it first passed that magic level on March 29th .
Millennium by the Backstreet Boys was the best selling album , American Beauty won the Academy Award , the Euro was established , SpongeBob SquarePants aired for the first time , Hugo Chavez was elected President of Venezuela , Karl Malone , Pudge , Chipper Jones , Jagr and Kurt Warner won MVP awards and the average price of a gallon of gasoline at the pump was about $ 1.20 .
US nominal GDP ended at $ 9.6 b vs $ 14.1 as of Q2 ’09 .
Also , on March 29th 1999 , the DXY was at 100.36 ( now 75.60 ) , the CRB was at 192.40 ( now 269.15 ) , gold was at $ 280 ( now $ 1,060 ) , oil was $ 16.44 ( now $ 74.80 ) , corn was $ 2.32 ( now $ 3.85 ) , copper was $.62 ( now $ 2.83 ) , the 10 yr yield was 5.19 % ( now 3.38 % ) , and the fed funds rate was at 4.75 % ( now 0-.25 % ) .
Oh , how time flies .
You know the release date for a film is getting closer and closer when an official poster is released .
Today , Jon Favreau announced via Twitter that the new poster for the much anticipated sequel would be unveiled today .
Yahoo Movies has just posted the first print and oh my goodness , it ’s a beauty !
For those of you who love movie posters , this should make you happy !
Not only do we get a look at Iron Man , but we also get a look at War Machine as well and let me tell you , it ’s a nice piece of eye candy !
This film will be released on May 7th so we still have some time to wait .
After seeing this , I ’m sure it ’ll be well worth it .
As you know , the film stars Robert Downey Jr. , Gweneth Paltrow , Don Cheadle , Scarlett Johansson , Mickey Rourke , Sam Rockwell , and Jon Favreau .
Check out the new poster below !
A vote in New Jersey 's state Senate on gay marriage apparently wo n't come today as planned .
Sponsors Ray Lesniak ( D - Union ) and Loretta Weinberg ( D - Bergen ) said Wednesday that they had asked that the Senate vote be postponed so the bill can receive parallel consideration in the Assembly .
Apparently believing the votes for Senate passage do n't exist right now , pro-gay marriage forces want the Assembly to vote first .
Senate President Richard Codey ( D - Essex ) , who had posted the bill to Thursday 's agenda , has agreed to the delay .
" I 'm disappointed but I 'm not sure I will have a chance to vote on this , " he said .
There was optimism from other corners : " I do believe if it passes one house it will pass both houses , " Senator Lesniak told News4 New York .
“ While I ’m disappointed that the sponsors have decided to delay the Senate vote , I certainly understand the view that the public should have an opportunity to be heard in the Assembly , Speaker Joseph Roberts Jr. said .
“ At this point , this much is clear - our civil union law has failed to live up to even the most modest of hopes and encourages unequal treatment of same - sex couples and their children , " he said .
Pundits have long believed chances for passage in the Assembly are better than in the Senate .
However , this will mean the Assembly Judiciary Committee will have to hold a hearing and then send it on to the full Assembly for a vote .
That would likely be in early January , and assuming passage , then the full Senate could take it up again after that .
It does , however , press against the deadline of Governor Jon Corzine 's term ending .
Corzine has said he would sign a gay marriage law but incoming governor Chris Christie said he would veto it .
Christie takes office January 19th .
Last week , New York 's state Senate issued a resounding defeat of a gay marriage bill in a 38 to 24 vote .
Five states have legalized gay marriage -- Iowa , Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont .
Meantime , a new poll finds that despite opposition from the Catholic Church , New Jersey Catholics generally support legalizing gay marriage .
The Rutgers - Eagleton Poll released Wednesday finds that 48 percent of Catholic residents polled support gay marriage .
Among Protestants , 34 percent support the measure while 56 percent of Jewish residents surveyed are in favor .
A vast majority of those with no religious preference , 85 percent , support same sex marriage .
Network address translators ( NATs ) are something every software engineer has heard of , not to mention networking professionals .
NAT has become as ubiquitous as the Cisco router in networking terms .
Fundamentally , a NAT device allows multiple machines to communicate with the Internet using a single globally unique IP address , effectively solving the scarce IP v4 address space problem .
Though not a long - term solution , as originally envisaged in 1994 , for better or worse , NAT technology is here to stay , even when IP v6 addresses become common .
This is partly because IP v6 has to coexist with IP v4 , and one of the ways to achieve that is by using NAT technology .
This article is not so much a description of how a NAT works .
There already is an excellent article on this subject by Geoff Huston ( see the on- line Resources ) .
It is quite comprehensive , though plenty of other resources are available on the Internet as well .
This article discusses a possible solution to solving the NAT problem for P2P protocols .
What Is Wrong with NAT ?
NAT breaks the Internet more than it makes it .
I may sound harsh here , but ask any peer - to - peer application developer , especially the VoIP folks , and they will tell you why .
For instance , you never can do Web hosting behind a NAT device .
At least , not without sufficient tweaking .
Not only that , you cannot run any service such as FTP or rsync or any public service through a NAT device .
This can be solved by obtaining a globally unique IP address and configuring the NAT device to bypass traffic originating from that particular IP .
But , the particularly hairy issue with NATed IP addresses is that you can't access machines behind a NAT , simply because you wo n't even know that a NAT exists in between .
By and large , NAT is designed to be transparent , and it remains so .
Even if you know there is a NAT device , NAT will let traffic reach the appropriate private IP only if there is mapping between the private IP / TCP or UDP port number with the NAT 's public IP / TCP or UDP port number .
And , this mapping is created only when traffic originates from the private IP to the Internet — not vice versa .
To make things more complicated , NAT simply drops all unsolicited traffic coming from the Internet to the private hosts .
Though this feature arguably adds a certain degree of security through obscurity , it creates more problems than it solves , at least from the perspective of the future of the Internet .
At least 50 % of the most commonly used networking applications use peer - to - peer technology .
Common examples include instant messaging protocols , VoIP applications , such as Skype , and the BitTorrent download accelerator .
In fact , peer - to - peer traffic is only going to increase as time progresses , because the Internet has a lot more to offer beyond the traditional client / server paradigm .
Peer - to - peer technology , by definition , is a mesh network as opposed to a star network in a client / server model .
In a peer - to - peer network , all nodes act simultaneously as client and server .
This already leads to programming complexity , and peer - to - peer nodes also have to deal somehow with the problematic NAT devices in between .
To make things even more difficult for P2P application developers , there is no standardized NAT behavior .
Different NAT devices behave differently .
But , the silver lining is that a large portion of the NAT devices in existence today still behave sensibly enough at least to let peer - to - peer UDP traffic pass through .
Sending TCP traffic across a NAT device also has met with success , though you may not be as lucky as with UDP .
In this article , we focus purely on UDP , because TCP NAT traversal still remains rather tricky .
UDP NAT traversal also is not completely reliable across all NAT devices , but things are very encouraging now and will continue to get better as NAT vendors wake up to the need for supporting P2P protocols .
Incidentally , voice traffic is better handled by UDP , so that suits us fine .
Now that we have a fairly good idea of the problem we are trying to solve , let 's get down to the solution .
Anatomy of the Solution
The key to the NAT puzzle lies in the fact that in order for machines behind a NAT gateway to interact with the public Internet , NAT devices necessarily have to allow inbound traffic — that is , replies to requests originating from behind the NAT device .
In other words , NAT devices let traffic through to a particular host behind a NAT device , provided the traffic is indeed a reply to a request sent by the NAT device .
Now , as mentioned above , NAT devices vary widely in operation , and they let through replies coming from other hosts and port numbers , depending on their own notion of what a reply means .
Our job is simple if we understand this much — that instead of connecting directly to the host behind NAT , we somehow need to mimic a scenario in which the target host originates a connection to us and then we connect to it as though we are responding to the request .
In other words , our connection request to the target host should seem like a reply to the NAT device .
It turns out that this technique is easy to achieve using a method now widely known as UDP hole punching .
Contrary to what the name suggests , this does not leave a gaping security hole or anything of the sort ; it is simply a perfectly sensible and effective way to solve the NAT problem for peer - to - peer protocols .
In a nutshell , what UDP hole punching does already has been explained .
Now if it were only that , life would be too simple , and you would not be reading this article .
As it turns out , there are plenty of obstacles on the way , but none of them are too complicated .
First is the issue of how to get the private host to originate traffic so we can send our connection request to it masquerading as a reply .
To make things worse , NAT devices also have an idle timer , typically of around 60 seconds , such that they stop waiting for replies once a request originates and no reply comes within 60 seconds .
So , it is not enough that the private host originate traffic , but also we have to act fast — we have to send the “ reply ” before the NAT device removes the “ association ” with the private host , which will frustrate our connection attempt .
Now , a reply obviously has to come from the original machine to which the request was sent .
This suits us fine if we are not behind another NAT device .
So , if we want to talk to a private IP , we make the private IP send a packet to us , and we send our connection request as a reply to it .
But , how do we inform the private IP to send a packet to us when we want to talk to it ?
If both the peer - to - peer hosts are behind different NAT devices , is it possible at all to communicate with each other ?
Fortunately , it is possible .
It turns out that NAT devices are somewhat forgiving , and they differ in their levels of leniency when it comes to interpreting what they consider as reply to a request .
There are different varieties of NAT behavior : Full cone NAT Restricted cone NAT Restricted port NAT Symmetric NAT
I wo n't go into the details and definitions of these here , as there are numerous resources explaining them elsewhere .
Symmetric NATs are the most formidable enemy for P2P applications .
However , with a degree of cleverness , we can reasonably “ guess ” the symmetric NAT behavior and deal with it — well , not all symmetric NATs , but many of them can be tamed to allow P2P protocols .
First , how do we tell the private IP that we are interested in connecting to it at a particular instance ?
Implementation Details of the UDP Hole Punching Technique
This problem can be solved by joining the problem , rather than fighting it head on .
In order to achieve peer - to - peer traffic across NATs , we have to modify our P2P mesh model slightly to make it a hybrid of a traditional star model and modern mesh model .
So , we introduce the concept of a rendezvous server , or mediator server , which listens on a globally routable IP address .
Almost all peer - to - peer protocols have traditionally relied on certain supernodes , or in other words , in P2P , all nodes are equal but some are more equal .
Some nodes always have acted as key players in any P2P protocol .
If you have heard of a BitTorrent tracker , you know what I mean .
A rendezvous concept is nothing new in the P2P world , nor is the star model totally done away with in P2P .
Coming back to our original NAT problem , private IPs obviously can browse the Internet through NAT devices , and thus they can talk HTTP through port 80 or through a proxy HTTP port over TCP .
So private IPs can almost always open TCP connections to global IP addresses .
We use this fact to make the private IP connect to a mediator or rendezvous server through TCP .
Our solution relies on the fact that all the P2P nodes are constantly in touch with a rendezvous server , listening on a global IP address through a persistent TCP connection .
Remember that P2P nodes are both client and server at the same time , so they can originate connections as well as serve connection requests simultaneously .
It is through this TCP connection that we inform a particular P2P node that another node wants to talk to it .
Then , the target node sends a request following which the peer sends the connection request as a response to the request .
Because the private machines behind a NAT device do not have a routable IP address , the only way for us to access them from outside the NAT device is through the mapping that the NAT device maintains for the machine to talk to the external world .
For each connection originated from the private IP , a unique port is assigned at the NAT device .
For us to talk to the private IP , we have to send our packets to that particular port assigned for the private IP 's connection to the external world .
Now , we know that there is no notion of connection in the UDP world , so NAT assumes that if a reply does n't come for a UDP request in about 60 seconds , the connection is deemed non-existent and closed .
So now we have another problem — that of determining the port assigned at the NAT 's public interface for the private IP connection .
This can be inferred by inspecting the source address of the UDP datagram that reaches any global IP .
So far so good .
If we are not behind NAT , we can use the previously mentioned technique to initiate communication with a private IP using the rendezvous server .
However , reality tells us that P2P peers are more likely to be behind a NAT than otherwise .
So , this solution is not enough .
We want to initiate a P2P connection from behind a NAT device ourselves .
So , now we have two NAT devices in the picture , one behind each P2P node .
Now the real fun begins .
First , let 's redefine our goal in the light of this new twist to the problem and attack it step by step .
What we want to do now is use the rendezvous server and inform the target P2P node to send us a request , but we are behind a NAT .
So , for any external party to talk to us , we should have a global IP / port combo that exists at the NAT public interface .
First we have to create one for ourselves .
Only then we can receive communication requests coming from outside the NAT network .
We can create a mapping for us by sending a packet to a global IP .
The global IP can then figure out our mapping by inspecting the from address .
But how do we inform our P2P node of this address ?
For that we can use the TCP connection with the rendezvous machine .
But , only the global IP to which we send the packet knows our association , so how do we figure that out ?
It 's simple .
The global IP can send that information to us as a reply in the packet payload to us .
Assuming that we somehow obtain a public IP , port pair and figure that out , we tell the mediator that we are listening at that public IP / port pair and request the P2P target node to initiate a request to us .
Subsequently , we can connect to it as a reply to that message .
But , then we cannot receive packets from the P2P target node , because NAT is not expecting a reply from that global IP .
In fact , some NATs that show full cone behavior allow packets to come from any IP , but most NATs do not — back to square one .
Consider this : if both P2P nodes behind the NAT send packets to each other 's public IP / port , the first packet from each party is discarded because it was unsolicited .
But subsequent packets are let through because NAT thinks the packets are replies to our original request .
And voilà the hole is punched , and UDP traffic can pass through directly between the P2P nodes .
Unfortunately , NATs also differ in their behavior of assigning public ports for different destination IPs .
Most NAT devices fortunately do not change public ports between requests to different destination IPs , so we can safely assume that .
So first we send certain probe or discovery packets to two different IPs and figure out the behavior of the NAT .
If it is found to be consistent , our approach will work .
In the unlikely case that we bump into symmetric NAT behavior that varies the port between requests , we can figure out the delta by which the port number varies .
And , using this we can guess the port assigned for a particular request .
The reason we are so particular about this is because the first packet to our P2P destination behind NAT is dropped by NAT .
So , all we can do is guess .
In practice , however , it works fairly well .
This is why it is important that the P2P nodes keep the source and the destination ports the same for communication .
Once this hole punching procedure is performed , the two P2P nodes can communicate with each other without the help of the rendezvous machine .
So the rendezvous machine is useful only for informing a P2P node about an incoming connection and informing each of the communicating peers about each other 's public addresses .
Subsequently , the communication happens directly without the intervention of the rendezvous server .
Now we have to apply some ingenuity and introduce appropriate headers in the packets to inform the peer whether it is sending a reply meant for the P2P client or whether it is sending a request meant for the P2P server .
Once we are able to differentiate between the two , we are set .
We also need to differentiate between hole punching traffic and regular traffic , because hole punching traffic needs to be bounced , and regular traffic needs to be processed .
Of course , if we stop sending and receiving , the association at the NAT device at both ends will expire .
So we either can send keepalive traffic or rerun the hole punching technique .
You can choose whichever technique is suitable depending upon your needs .
This technique will not work if both the P2P nodes are behind the same NAT device .
So , we also have to figure out whether we can communicate directly using the private IP address itself .
Thus , our hole punching has to try the private interface along with the peer 's public interface .
And , it can happen that our private network has the same private IP as the peer 's private IP .
So we have to guard against getting spurious responses .
It also can happen that another P2P node in the same private network as ours has the same private IP as the P2P node we want to talk to in another private network .
Then we have to do additional validation against the peer 's identity to make sure we really are talking to the interested node .
In the unlikely case that you run into brain - damaged NAT devices at both ends , this technique obviously will fail , because we should be able to predict the public address assigned to us .
In that situation , the only way is to make the rendezvous server act as a relay for the traffic .
So peer - to - peer traffic goes through , but it is no longer peer to peer with the rendezvous machine acting as server .
If you run into such situations , you need to think of implementing that as well .
Now , for the Real Dope , the C Code for Achieving the above Due to their long length , the listings for this article are located on the Linux Journal FTP site at ftp.linuxjournal.com/pub/lj/listings/issue148/9004.tgz.
I leave out unnecessary detail and glue code and focus purely on the nontrivial aspects of UDP hole punching .
If you need more information on implementing your own hole punching library , you always can refer to the above design constraints and design a solution appropriately .
Please note that I have consciously left out the rfcs and NAT discovery techniques , such as STUN and frameworks like ICE .
UDP hole punching is already complicated , and we do n't gain anything by making it even more bloated without adding any real value .
So , the technique as it stands works as good or even better than other NAT traversal mechanisms .
First , take a look at the rendezvous code ( Listing 1 ) .
Note that we use select ( ) to serve multiple sockets .
We could as well use kqueue ( ) on * BSD , or better , use the libevent abstraction ( see Resources ) .
But , I stuck to select ( ) because performance does n't matter so much to us .
We talk to the mediator server only for establishing peer - to - peer connections , not otherwise .
The hole punching implementation is given in Listing 2 and the P2P client in Listing 3 .
Using this method , you should be able to develop your own peer - to - peer protocol .
You easily can develop your own instant messaging protocol along with some GUI code .
You can transfer files either using nc or using code for that directly .
You can develop certain applications , such as transferring voice via a microphone and speaker .
In other words , you can develop a hobby VoIP application with this .
Several possibilities exist .
You can add some reliability on top of UDP in case you are paranoid about your data reaching you safely .
One very useful tool that helped me immensely in this endeavor is the Network Swiss - Army knife , netcat .
You can see hole punching in action by using this simple command .
At each end , type : $ nc -u -p 17000 < peer public IP > 17000
With only the peer public IP different , you can start communicating if you are lucky , because most NAT devices try to assign the same private port as the public port .
If you want to test TCP hole punching , try this : $ nc - l -p 17000 at one end and this : $ nc -p 17000 < peer public IP > 17000 at the other end .
at the other end .
Staff Sgt Olaf Schmid saved many lives A British soldier responsible for making safe 64 bombs during five months in Afghanistan , died as he tried to defuse another , it has emerged .
Staff Sergeant Olaf Schmid , 30 , of the Royal Logistic Corps , was a week off seeing his family again when he was killed on Saturday in Helmand province .
His wife , Christina , said she had lost her " soulmate " , as colleagues paid tribute to a " courageous legend " .
A total of 224 UK military personnel have died in Afghanistan since 2001 .
' Phenomenal husband ' Staff Sgt Schmid , who had been in the Army for 13 years , had been commanding a bomb disposal team who were dealing with a roadside device near Sangin .
He was killed when the bomb went off as he was defusing it .
A week later , he had been due to fly home for a two - week break , the Ministry of Defence said .
Part of the 11 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment , based in Didcot , Oxfordshire , he was responsible for making safe 64 roadside bombs since his tour in Afghanistan began in June .
Staff Sgt Schmid , born in Cornwall , lived in Winchester with his five - year - old stepson and wife .
His courage was not displayed in a fleeting moment of time ; he stared death in the face on a daily basis
Lt Col Gareth Bex Christina Schmid said : " Oz was a phenomenal husband and loving father who was cruelly murdered on his last day of a relentless five - month tour .
" The pain of losing him is overwhelming .
I take comfort knowing he saved countless lives with his hard work . "
Lieutenant Colonel Robert Thomson , commanding officer of 2 Rifles Battle Group , said : " Staff Sgt Oz Schmid was simply the bravest and most courageous man I have ever met .
" No matter how difficult or lethal the task which lay in front of us , he was the man who only saw solutions .
" He saved lives in 2 Rifles time after time and for that he will retain a very special place in every heart of every rifleman in our extraordinary battle group . "
Lt Col Gareth Bex , commanding officer of the counter IED ( improvised explosive devices ) task force , said Staff Sgt Schmid had been a " legend " .
He added : " Staff Sgt Oz Schmid was a brilliant operator and a superb soldier .
We loved him like a brother .
He was a much adored member of our close knit family .
" With his tousled hair and boyish grin his effervescent presence was always good for morale and he had an infectious enthusiasm .
" His courage was not displayed in a fleeting moment of time - he stared death in the face on a daily basis .
" Many soldiers and ordinary Afghans owe their lives to Staff Sgt Schmid 's gallant actions and his sacrifice will never be forgotten . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Our new counterinsurgency doctrine [ . pdf ] is obsolete before it has even been tried .
If you have a high tolerance for asininity , go directly to the Web site of " President " Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan and feast your eyes on the litany of congratulations emanating from world leaders upon his election " victory . "
From an official statement by the U.S. embassy in Kabul :
" The United States welcomes the decision by the Independent Election Commission ( IEC ) to conclude Afghanistan ’s electoral process by foregoing a second round of balloting .
We appreciate that the IEC has taken this decision according to its mandate under Afghan law .
Throughout , the United States has been committed to supporting the Afghan people and the institutions of their government in carrying out a constitutional electoral process .
" We congratulate President Karzai on his victory in this historic election and look forward to working with him , his new administration , the Afghan people and our partners in the international community to support Afghanistan ’s progress towards the institutional reforms , security and prosperity .
We also congratulate Dr. Abdullah and all the other candidates for their efforts to strengthen Afghanistan ’s democratic future . "
A phone call from the Brits :
" British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in a telephone conversation today congratulated President Hamid Karzai on his victory in the Afghan elections .
Mr. Brown stressed on his country ’s continued cooperation with Afghanistan and wished prosperity and progress for the people and government of Afghanistan .
President Karzai thanked British prime minister and stress [ sic ] on the expansion of UK - Afghan relations . "
The Pakistanis and the Turks were also on the horn , slapping their fellow " democrat " on the back for having pulled off the most brazen act of ballot stuffing to take place outside of Chicago ‘s city limits .
Also chiming in was UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon :
" I welcome today ’s decision by Afghanistan ’s Independent Election Commission to forego a run-off vote and to declare Hamid Karzai as the winner of the 2009 presidential elections .
I congratulate President Karzai .
This has been a difficult election process for Afghanistan and lessons must be learned .
Afghanistan now faces significant challenges and the new president must move swiftly to form a government that is able to command the support of both the Afghan people and the international community .
The United Nations remains committed to providing every support and assistance to the new government in helping to push forward progress for all peoples of Afghanistan . "
Yes , it has been " difficult , " what with the U.S. representative responsible for liaison with the Afghan electoral process resigning in protest at the enormity of the fraud , Karzai ’s chief opponent refusing to stand in the sure - to - be - rigged runoff , and the generally acknowledged fact that the whole sorry spectacle was staged by Karzai ’s hand - picked electoral commission .
But to the bringers of a New World Order , who have occupied Afghanistan for the past eight years – and are determined to hang on for at least another decade or so – these are mere details to be smoothed over by soothing words .
Beneath the euphemisms and general soporifics , however , an increasingly ugly reality festers …
The embarrassing visibility of the corruption embodied in the Karzai regime makes it difficult to sell " Operation Enduring Freedom " on two fronts : in Afghanistan , Karzai has lost whatever legitimacy he may have once possessed , and here at home , the American people are beginning to wonder what ’s up with eight years of futile fighting – and what the future holds .
Add to this spiraling economic uncertainty and the metastasizing costs of the war , and you have what Andrew Exum decries as a growing " neo-isolationism " on your hands .
Horror of horrors , we ca n’t have that !
Why , the American people might begin to ask all sorts of uncomfortable and potentially embarrassing questions of their ruling elites , such as : what are we getting out of this foreign policy of endless war , anyway ?
Exum , one of the leading advocates of escalating the war effort – he was one of the architects of Gen.
McChrystal ’s plan to send 40,000 more troops to the Afghan front – is a big wheel over at the Center for a New American Security ( CNAS ) , the Rockefeller - funded pro-Democratic Party think - tank holding the semi-official foreign policy franchise in the Obama administration .
Along with CNAS head honcho John Nagl , Exum is one of the chief theoreticians of the " COIN " doctrine of the new American imperialism , which saw its debut with the supposedly successful " surge " in Iraq .
( We are n’t supposed to notice that the Iraqi success is rapidly falling apart , and U.S. troops show no signs of making their much - promised effort . )
In any case , this revamped strategic rationale for empire - building holds that , in order to defeat an insurgency , an occupying army must fight what the Chicoms used to call a " people ’s war . "
What this means , in practice , is that U.S. troops must be stationed in the countryside , as well as in cities and major towns , living side - by - side with the population we are pledged to " protect , " even as we engage in a prolonged campaign of nation - building .
Yet , as even Exum concedes , the fake election was a " disaster , " and , worse , " the predatory Afghan government " is at least as much a threat to the success of the U.S. mission as the Taliban .
Furthermore ,
" As Steve Biddle and others have noted , though , the primary weakness of U.S. counterinsurgency doctrine is its assumption that the interests of the host nation will line up with those of the United States .
In Afghanistan – as in Iraq and Vietnam – U.S. military officers and diplomats have dealt with host - nation governments whose composition and behavior has often been at odds with U.S. objectives and interests .
So while countless memoranda and manuals exist instructing U.S. servicemen on how to wage counterinsurgency campaigns at the operational and tactical levels , there is currently little guidance for how U.S. policymakers should use leverage over its [ sic ]
Afghan partners .
The Obama administration , if it ’s clever , will try to figure out the best way to use its leverage over Karzai and other Afghan politicians .
And in that effort , they deserve time to succeed . "
Oh , but there is some guidance in historical precedent , as I pointed out in my last column , " Karzai as Diem . "
President Obama is often likened to President John F. Kennedy by his admirers , so why not take a page from Camelot ’s book and toss Karzai overboard the way we ditched Vietnamese dictator Ngo Dinh Diem ?
We could always blame his tragic demise on the Taliban .
That ’s not the Obama style , however : too blatantly obvious , and potentially controversial if the truth ever got out .
So the self - proclaimed " pragmatists " in Washington prevailed on their guy , former Northern Alliance official Abdullah Abdullah , to drop out , avoid a runoff , and be content – for the moment – to wield some influence inside the Afghan government with the appointment of a few ministers from the ranks of his supporters .
Karzai is pledging to clean up corruption , and everyone is supposed to join hands and sing " Kumbaya " as the Yanks bomb the sh*t out of their country .
In the meantime , the world has stopped waiting with bated breath for the much - vaunted decision by the U.S. commander in chief on how many more troops he intends to send to the graveyard of empires – and , more importantly , what their strategy is going to be .
Exum ’s admission of grave problems in the execution of this war were made in the context of a piece arguing that the president ought to be given all the time in the world to craft his momentous announcement .
The great problem of the Obamaites , however , is that there is not enough time in all eternity to come up with a successful strategy for occupying a people who fiercely refuse to be occupied – and particularly not when it comes to the Afghan peoples , whose demonstrated ability to fight off successive waves of invaders over the centuries must surely make any would - be occupier think twice .
The indefinite extension of the presidential decision - making process signals a fierce struggle within the administration , and until Dear Leader finally comes down from the mountain with the tablets in hand , what we are witnessing is policy paralysis .
Unfortunately for the men and women on the battlefield , however , the Taliban – and the myriad local insurgent groups not affiliated with any national network – are very far from being paralyzed .
They are moving to take total control of the country .
Apart from the politics , that is the reason the U.S. pressured the Abdullah faction to cool it : sheer military necessity .
A runoff election would have presented the U.S. and its NATO allies with a major project – providing enough security at the local level to protect polling stations and voters – that they simply could not have pulled off .
Also , the prospect that the scant number of voters would have proved to be an embarrassment no doubt contributed to Washington ’s decision to absorb its losses – of credibility , both at home and on the ground in Afghanistan – and plow onward .
A major complaint of the progressives during the Bush years was that the administration , in launching an invasion of Iraq , was living in a bubble of its own making , one that allowed it to scale the heights of hubris , as journalist Ron Suskind related :
" The aide said that guys like me were ‘ in what we call the reality - based community , ’ which he defined as people who ‘ believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality . ’ …
‘ That ’s not the way the world really works anymore , ’ he continued .
‘ We ’re an empire now , and when we act , we create our own reality .
And while you ’re studying that reality – judiciously , as you will – we ’ll act again , creating other new realities , which you can study too , and that ’s how things will sort out .
We ’re history ’s actors … and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do . ’ "
This radical subjectivism is not the exclusive province of Republicans or neoconservatives ; it is an occupational hazard of government officials , one that begins to intrude on their consciousness the moment they take the reins of power .
Minus the rhetorical egoism – " and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do " – the top echelons of the Obama administration are as prone to this peculiar form of blindness as their predecessors were , and perhaps , in a sense , even more so .
For these " progressive " warriors are equally committed , along with their neoconservative counterparts , to the proposition that the U.S. is indeed an empire – and that it must continue to be so , no matter what the cost .
Furthermore , the Obamaites are determined to " learn " from the mistakes of the Bush administration not by abjuring the Bushian policy of relentless aggression , but by fighting the " right " war utilizing the " right " strategy on the " right " front : Afghanistan , which , Obama averred during the campaign , was " neglected " by George W. Bush and his advisers .
More ominously , both the progressive and neocon wings of the War Party are laboring under another common yet mistaken assumption : that not only are we an empire , and rightly so , but we ’re an empire on the ascent .
In both cases , it seems , economics is not their strong point .
One wonders how many more banks have to shutter their doors before these grand strategists wake up to the fact that the American empire is bankrupt .
Long before that signal event occurs , however , the intellectual and moral bankruptcy of our war - crazed foreign policy will become apparent to all who live outside the boundaries of the Imperial City .
The makeshift and not very convincing legitimization of the Karzai regime , hailed by bilious communiqués of congratulations by our shameless world " leaders , " goes a long way toward that realization .
Forget all the guff about that new counterinsurgency doctrine that will supposedly make it possible for us to achieve what other occupiers throughout Afghanistan ’s long history failed to do .
COIN theory is just administration propaganda , anyway , intended for domestic use , wheeled out in order to dress up the same old imperialism in a new garb and market a futile and costly war to the president ’s " progressive " supporters .
You can toss that COIN in the fountain , make a wish , and then forget about it , for all the good it will do .
But just remember : wishing does n’t make it so .
A rare parasitic disease , which normally only is transmitted by contaminated water , has been shown to be transmitted by gay sex between hiv-positive men .
In the industrial world the disease is virtually absent , but that could change .
For this observation , Taiwanese researcher Chieng - Ching Hung received a doctorate from the University of Antwerp and the Institute of Tropical Medicine Antwerp .
Amebiasis , an infection with the single - celled amoeba Entamoebia histolytica , normally is very rare .
You only catch it in a few developing countries where the amoeba is endemic , and where hygiene is somewhat substandard , leading to contact with contaminated water .
It only becomes dangerous when the amoeba invades your intestinal lining and causes a bloody diarrhoea , or when it enters the bloodstream , where it , among other things , causes liver abscesses .
All in all amebiasis takes some 70 000 lives a year , worldwide .
For some time now , physicians suspected the disease to be a bit overrepresented among HIV - positive male homosexuals .
But it was difficult to come to conclusions from small numbers , and in addition the classical diagnostic test ( putting the stool under the microscope ) was not really dependable .
Hung used modern molecular techniques , pinpointing the amoeba more precisely and , what 's more , showing which amoebas were closely related .
In other words : who had got the infection from whom .
In Taiwan , seropositive ( hiv- infected ) gay men were shown to be infected much more often with the amoeba than the healthy population , and also than seropositive heterosexuals .
Also ,
Hung found men from different regions nevertheless to be infected by closely related amoebas .
The most reasonable explanation is that the infection happened through homosexual ( oral - anal ) contact .
In today 's mobile world this means that those people in turn can transmit the infection to regions where it normally is absent .
Not only amebiasis marches in the wake of hiv ;
Hung also confirmed in his Taiwanese cohort what is seen elsewhere : tuberculosis and hepatitis B and C are more virulent in combination with hiv , and more often present .
Images from the Picture Cookbook .
A collection of food spreads , people enjoying themselves and dead fowl .
Abstract
This first part of this subseries introduces the theoretical background to design animated frames .
It explains , how one determines the required number of frames and how long each has to be displayed in order to achieve the impression of a fluent motion .
Motion Parameters
Motion and Relativity Motion is relative .
Consider the following scenarios :
An avatar turns up in some corner of the screen and walks along a diagonal across the screen : the landscape does not change due to that motion ( apart from the small parts alternately being obscured and re-exposed by the avatar 's shape ) .
An avatar which represents the observer in front of the screen walks over a landscape : in this case you do n't expect the avatar to move out of the screen 's center ( the focus ) , instead , you expect the landscape to scroll below the avatar , keeping the avatar centered and exposing new parts of the landscape as long as the movement continues .
And then there is a combination of the two previous cases : while " your " ( centered ) avatar walks , causing the landscape to scroll , there may be other avatars moving over the landscape , seemingly at a higher speed if they approach from the opposite direction , or seemingly at no different speed than your own avatar , if they walk alongside your avatar ( at the same speed ) .
In this article we concentrate on the second case .
We assume , that an avatar is to represent you , the reader sitting in front of your screen .
This avatar will not change its position : it will remain centered at a particular spot .
The notion of motion will be achieved by scrolling a rudimentary landscape below the avatar , and by modifying the appropriate components of your avatar .
Scrolling the Landscape
In the previous articles of this series our avatars stood on a single tile within an imagined landscape .
Because the avatar was static and thus immobile this was working well , but now we are going to move the avatar and need some more space .
img/wia_fig01.jpg
Creating the illusion of movement Fig. 1 : Creating the illusion of movement
As the avatar walks , the tile it stands on will be scrolled away into the opposite walking direction ( " behind " the avatar ) , and simultaneously a new tile will appear from the direction into which it walks ( " in front " of the avatar ) .
Such , the avatar 's imaginary point of gravity at any given time is above just one specific tile , although its body ( depending on the avatar body 's overall screen width ) can involve several tiles .
In order to discuss the needed tasks , our landscape needs to be expanded to a total of 3 tiles , neatly lined up one after each other : a " central " tile and one tile each behind and in front of the avatar .
Inevitably some questions arise : what does " moving the landscape " mean ?
How much do we need to move it , how many times ?
In what overall time ?
And what does movement mean for the avatar ?
These questions and more are answered in the next sections .
We begin with answering the question " what exactly is a step ? "
Biomechanics and Phases
When walking , humans follow a technique called the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_pendulum double pendulum : one leg is raised from the surface and swings forward , until the heel eventually touches the surface in some distance from the origin .
The leg then rolls through until it reaches the toe , at which point the process is repeated for the other leg .
Notice , that during such a motion one leg always is in touch with the ground ( this is different when running , which is why we can not just make the avatar " walk faster " to have it running ) .
Now let 's assume , that our avatar already is in the process of walking , i.e. it is not standing still .
What would make up a repeatable motion ?
It obviously is not a single step , which would involve the movement of just one leg : we must consider the movement of both legs , until they are in the same position again with which we started out .
From there we can repeat that motion over and over again to create the illusion of continuous locomotion .
So we need to examine a " double step " rather than just a single step .
But what does this mean in terms of effective distances ?
How many pixels does such a double step span ?
Let 's look at an individual tile again : in article introduction_to_isometric_avatars.aspx
#B2 Introduction to Isometric Avatars , section " Dimensions and Measurements " we already anticipated motion and defined the length of a tile 's edge ( the diagonal of a bounding rectangle with dimensions 24 × 12 pixels ) to represent a single step length ( or , in absolute terms , exactly 67.2 cm ) .
img/wia_fig02.jpg
Double step spanning two tiles Fig. 2 : Double step spanning two tiles
Therefore , the answer seems to be obvious : the motion we need to examine spans exactly two tiles , one tile for each leg 's step .
However , there 's a caveat .
Should we indeed plan our design based on above observation alone , we would needlessly restrict ourselves too much : we could start and stop such a motion only on every second tile .
The complication arises because our inital assumption started out with an already walking avatar , and we implied the avatar is to walk forever .
Of course , such needs not necessarily to be the case : at some point the avatar starts to walk , and at some point it ends its motion .
Let 's have a closer look at these two events .
At first glance , the transition from standing still to walking could imply , that we just need to start out from a double step 's middle point .
However , this would be wrong : having the legs above the same spot in the x/z plane does not imply , that the avatar does look the same .
During locomotion , one of the legs does not touch the ground but is in the process of swinging by the other leg .
Similarly , stopping a walk calls for a motion which ends in both legs touching the ground next to each other .
Starting the locomotion in some aspect is easier than stopping it : we can freely decide with which leg we want to start out the locomotion : it does not really matter , if that 's the right or the left one .
Note , however , that this decision is asymmetric : if you for some reason want or need to start out always with the same leg , then you can not mirror two of the avatar 's orientations to obtain the other two orientations .
Ending the motion , on the other hand , needs two individual transitions in any case : whatever leg happens to be the one behind the avatar 's mass center needs to come to a halt by moving it next to the other leg .
The good news is , that we can handle the transitions without additional work , if we just plan the motions carefully enough .
Let 's sum up the identified phases : Phase Name Activity at phase start Activity at phase end Possible continuation at phase end 0 Standing still Standing still Standing still 0 or 1 1 Advancing right leg
Feet close together while doing right foot step ( also first step after standing still )
End position right foot step = before start position left foot step 2 2 Following suit left leg Start position left foot step Before feet close while doing left foot step ( near tile 's center ) 3 or 0 3 Advancing left leg
Feet close together while doing right foot step End position left foot step = before start position right foot step 4 4 Following suit right leg Start position right foot step
Before feet close while doing right foot step ( near tile 's center ) 1 or 0
Distance , Time and Speed Now that we know more about what phases we need , let 's talk about how the individual phases shall be displayed to obtain the illusion of motion .
First of all , we need to clarify what real environment facts we want to simulate with such a motion .
Most notably , walking means to relocate an object ( our avatar ) from one place to an other in a given amount of time .
The involved physical properties thus are distance and time , or , more precisely , distance per time .
In other words : speed .
Physically , we measure speed in meters per second ( m /s ) .
One of the two units is already known : we know , that the distance between two adjacent tiles represents 67.2 cm ( or 0.672 m ) .
What we need to find out , is the time needed to cover that distance .
For this we need to research a human 's average walking speed .
Alas , there is no such thing like a standardized walking speed for humans : the individual speed depends on many circumstances , such as body weight , height , age , cultural environment and last , but not least , simply on the motivation for the walk .
The literature gives varying indications in the range of usually between 1 and 1.3 m/s .
However , it can be found empirically , that a walking speed of around 3 km/h ( 3,000 m/3,600 s = 0.83 m/s ) is perceived as very slow by most people ( close to strolling ) , whereas 6 km/h ( 6,000 m/3,600 s = 1.67 m/s ) is mainly regarded as quite fast walking ( as in military marching ) .
For our purposes , let 's start out with the given range of 4.5±1.5 km/h ( 1.25±0.42 m/s ) and see , if we can find a speed suitable enough to create the illusion of motion .
At 1.25±0.42 m/s we cover 1 m in 0.9±0.3s , and a tile measuring 0.672 m in 0.6±0.2s .
Frames and Animation
We know the physical constraints by now , but this does not tell us anything yet about the process of animating a motion .
To do so , we need to discuss animation first .
An animation in the end is nothing else than an optical illusion due to the persistence of our eyes : show pictures fast enough and you will perceive the individual pictures as a continuous movement .
Such an individual picture is called a http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Film_frame frame and the number of pictures displayed in any second is known as the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frame_rate frame rate ( expressed in Hertz , abbreviated with Hz , standing for the number of events per second ) .
If we 'd strive for a perfect quality , the frame rate would need to be very high , because below a certain threshold the sequence of pictures may be perceived as flickering .
This threshold depends from many variables , including the observer 's fatigue , but in general it is assumed to be around 75 Hz .
However , for the purpose of simulating motion the threshold is significantly lower and usually taken to be approximately 16 Hz ( TV cameras usually operate with 24 , 25 or 30 Hz , depending on the used system . ) : this is the value which we want to come close to .
Now let 's see , how we can transform our avatar 's locomotion into frames , i.e. to take a series of snapshots of the particular movement .
Of course , it is of a big advantage , if we can split our tile into equal portions : such we can guarantee that equal durations are needed for the same distance .
It is exactly for this reason that we defined our tiles to have an edge length of 24 pixels : 24 is divisible by 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 and 12 , such giving us several choices to select from .
The subdivision should not consist of a very small number of individual frames , since this would appear pretty bulky .
Thus , subdividing the tiles into 2 , 3 or even 4 parts only belongs not to the best of all choices .
Obviously , 12 or even 24 would be the best choices , but recall , that this comes at a price : we would need to draw 12 or 24 pictures per tile , i.e. 24 or 48 pictures for a double step .
But , is this needed ?
Let 's see .
We want to catch a motion spanning a double step , which equals a distance of 2 × 0.672 m = 1.344 m .
Our avatar shall move with a speed of 0.6±0.2s per tile .
Therefore we have 2 × 0.6±0.2s = 1.2±0.4s of time for the whole motion .
Let 's check what subdivisions yield what frame rates : Subdivision of tile Pictures / tile Time per picture Frame rate
fast ... slow ( normal ) 1/6 ( every 4th horiz .
pixel ) 6 0.6±0.2s / 6 = 0.1±0.033s 15...7.5 ( 10 ) Hz 1/8 ( every 3rd horiz .
pixel ) 8 0.6±0.2s / 8 = 0.075±0.025s 20...10 ( 13.33 )
Hz 1/12 ( every 2nd horiz .
pixel ) 12 0.6±0.2s / 12 = 0.05±0.017s 30 ...15 ( 20 ) Hz 1/24 ( every horiz .
pixel ) 24 0.6±0.2s / 24 = 0.025±0.008s 60 ...30 ( 40 ) Hz
As outlined above , our goal is to achieve approx .
16 Hz .
A subdivision of the tile into segments of 1 /24 thus is over - engineering , a such of 1/6 definitely not good enough .
Remains the choice between 1/12 ( 12 pictures per tile or 24 for a double step ) and 1/8 ( 8 pictures per tile or 16 for a double step ) .
Whereas 1/12 is acceptable in the whole speed range , 1/8 is acceptable only if we do n't use the slow end within the given range .
For example would a speed of 5 km/h = 5,000 m/3,600 s = 1.39 m/s = 0.72 s/m = 0.484 s/ tile yield a frame rate of 0.484 s/tile = 0.0605 s/8th tile = 16.53 Hz .
This value is absolutely acceptable and can be achieved when we have the avatar walk at a perceived speed of 5 km/h ( i.e. , displaying each frame for 60.5 ms ) .
Preferring 1/8 over 1/12 has an additional advantage over the obvious one ( which is less pictures and thus less work ) : because 8 is a power of 2 , we can easily separate the motion between any two tiles into 2 halves , which we both separate again into 2 halves , repeating this process again with the 4 resulting quarters .
You will see , that halving will help us tremendously in finding the correct positions in our designs .
It is that simple because denying any class of people a basic civil right simply because of who they are is bigotry .
It is obstinately and intolerantly refusing to accord the same respect to a class of people for no reason other than your own prejudice , and that is a textbook case of bigotry .
But it seems that there are a number of people posting here who think it 's not that simple when it comes to gays and lesbians .
It seems that these trolls think it 's not bigotry to deny people who wish to marry a person of the same sex as themselves the right to do so on the basis of sexual orientation .
They say it 's not a simple matter of bigotry for someone to be opposed to the right of same - sex couples to marry and share the same rights and privileges as us heterosexual folks who choose to marry .
They 're wrong .
In Loving v. Virginia , the classic , unanimous 1967 Supreme Court decision that banned anti-miscegenation laws , Chief Justice Earl Warren wrote the following :
Marriage is one of the " basic civil rights of man , " fundamental to our very existence and survival .
Skinner v. Oklahoma , 316 U.S. 535 , 541 ( 1942 ) .
See also Maynard v. Hill , 125 U.S. 190 ( 1888 ) .
To deny this fundamental freedom on so unsupportable a basis as the racial classifications embodied in these statutes , classifications so directly subversive of the principle of equality at the heart of the Fourteenth Amendment , is surely to deprive all the State 's citizens of liberty without due process of law .
The Fourteenth Amendment requires that the freedom of choice to marry not be restricted by invidious racial discriminations .
Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual , and cannot be infringed by the State .
Did you get that ?
Marriage is one of the " basic civil rights of man . "
It 's a basic civil right .
Denying a basic civil right to a class of people because of who they are is bigotry .
It is that simple .
And given that the same bullshit arguments that were used to support anti-miscegenation laws -- that the Bible says it 's wrong ( though the First Amendment has something to say about the legality of legislating from the Bible , does n't it ? ) ; that it 's " unnatural " ; that it somehow " threatens " other folks ' marriages that have absolutely no relationship to whether the people in question are able to marry -- are used to support bans on same - sex marriage , there ought to be a lesson here for those who think it 's not bigotry .
It is bigotry .
And it is that simple .
And it would be even if the Supreme Court had never ruled that marriage is a basic civil right .
By Damian Grammaticas
BBC News , Beijing
Liu Li Xin and his group
Ordinance depict a new mood of nationalism While US President Barack Obama has been sitting down with China 's leaders seeking ever closer co-operation , some observers are concerned as to how China will behave as it gets stronger .
Beijing is building up its military forces , while some fear that popular nationalism is a growing and worrying force .
In the dark , cavernous space of a rock club in Beijing 's university district , Liu Lixin is warming up .
Crashing chords resonate from his electric guitar .
It is the sound of China 's stirring underground .
Mr Liu and his group Ordinance are at the radical edge of Chinese music .
Their latest album , Rock City , has been banned from the airwaves .
The lyrics criticise the government , they tell of democracy , corruption .
They say : " Taiwan is ours , Tibet is ours .
Compromising with the United States and Japan is a disgrace " .
" Our lyrics are aimed at our government , " says Mr Liu .
" It takes a very tough line towards its own people .
But outside China it is very soft .
When your people are being bullied by others , you should stand up for them .
Right now they are being very soft . "
Liu Lixin articulates a new nationalism that is a growing and increasingly powerful force in China .
It is almost always hostile to the US and Japan , apt to believe that other nations are bent on thwarting China 's rise .
Government ' afraid '
China 's nationalists are often critical of their own government too , saying it is weak , not doing enough to stand up for China 's interests .
A powerful country like China of course needs a powerful army , an army that can conquer anybody in any part of the world
Wang Xiaodong
" Right now the government brainwashes people into thinking that the country is strong , " Mr Liu says .
" The authorities have banned our songs but we are not afraid at all .
I think it is the government who are afraid , and that is why they banned us . "
Beijing 's biggest bookshop is a vast place with thousands of titles on sale .
For part of this year one book was riding high in the best - seller lists .
It 's called Unhappy China and is a collection of pieces by a group of nationalist writers about the vision they have for China .
They say it has sold 800,000 copies since it was published earlier this year .
The day we went to the bookshop , there was just one copy left .
One of the men who contributed , Wang Xiaodong , lives in a grey , nondescript apartment block in a Beijing suburb .
He is one of the men giving a voice to the growing current of nationalism in China .
I ask him what he means when he writes in Unhappy China : " If you do n't respect us we will beat you up . "
" If there is a powerful country , and if you do n't try to please that country , you will be in trouble , " says Wang Xiaodong .
" That 's exactly the way the United States behaves . "
When I ask if he believes China should have a powerful military and be prepared to go to war he replies : " Definitely .
A powerful country like China of course needs a powerful army , an army that can conquer anybody in any part of the world .
This should be our grand vision . "
In recent years China has embarked on a rapid military build - up , acquiring the ability to project its power far beyond its borders .
One day it may even be in a position to challenge the US as the dominant power in Asia .
China 's leaders says their nation 's rise will be a peaceful one .
But US Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg recently called on China to reassure other nations about its intentions .
" Just as we and our allies must make clear that we are prepared to welcome China 's arrival as a prosperous and successful power , China must reassure the rest of the world that its development and growing global role will not come at the expense of the security and well - being of others , " Mr Steinberg said .
' Dangerous scenario '
One of his predecessors , Susan Shirk , Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian affairs under President Bill Clinton , goes further .
Li Nan was stopped from holding a nationalist protest
She says the combination of China 's growing military and growing popular nationalism presents dangers .
" It creates the risk , not a high probability , but a risk , that one day China 's leaders could feel that to look strong in the eyes of their public they have to make a threat to Japan or to Taiwan and that they will feel that they cannot back down from that threat without jeopardising their own domestic support or even their own survival in power .
So I think that is a very dangerous scenario , " she says .
Perhaps aware of the dangers of unchecked nationalism , China is trying to control some on the more radical fringe .
Three years ago there was a confrontation on some disputed islands in the East China Sea .
Chinese nationalists had sailed there to try to evict Japanese soldiers from the islands .
In the Chinese boat was Li Nan .
He says his anti-Japan alliance has had more than 70,000 supporters registered on its website .
But when he tried to stage another protest this year the Chinese authorities stopped him .
" I am not just targeting Japan but all those who threaten the interests of the Chinese people , " says Li Nan .
" Maybe even the United States and some others , I would see them all as enemies . "
And Li Nan offers a view of how a future crisis , such as one over energy supplies , might spur on nationalist sentiment in China .
" In the future , energy supplies will become more and more scarce .
Today each American consumes 10 times as much energy as each Chinese person .
So every nation will have to think about their own survival .
At that time , nationalism will be the mainstream . "
It is a vision that will give some in America pause for thought .
The US National Intelligence Strategy this year described China as presenting a complex global challenge .
A China with a strong nationalist current and a powerful military could be seen as an even more troubling prospect for Washington .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With officials at a loss to explain the security forces ’ inability to stop the repeated massive bombings in Baghdad , Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki announced today that the security forces themselves were in no small measure complicit in the attacks .
“ The network was a large one , 24 from one arm of the Iraqi security forces , 12 from another , and eight or nine from another , ” Maliki announced .
Last week ’s bombing killed at least 127 Iraqis , and wounded over 500 others .
Maliki ’s statement insisted that some Iraqi forces took bribes , while others were directly involved with militant groups themselves , and had infiltrated the police and military .
Several major coordinated attacks have hit the capital in the last several months , and each time the government has struggled to explain the security lapses which allowed truckloads of explosives to be delivered unquestioned to the sites of attacks .
Top officials have been arrested after each attack , and promises of additional security measures made .
Yet for all these measures , added checkpoints and bans of vehicles near government buildings , the attacks keep happening .
Even if the Iraqi government has rooted out 45 infiltrators , it seems hard to believe that this is the full extent of the problem .
ARTIFICIAL VOLCANISM
A spectacular firework display at Florence , Italy .
Painted by G M Terrini ( 1739 - 1811 )
The artificial volcano appears to
be of conventional pyrotechnics
" The lessons of science should be experimental also .
The sight of the planet through a telescope , is worth all the course on astronomy : the shock of the electric spark in the elbow , out - values all the theories ; the taste of the nitrous oxide , the firing of an artificial volcano , are better than volumes of chemistry . "
THE AMMONIUM DICHROMATE VOLCANO
( NH 4 ) 2 Cr 2 O 7 = Cr 2 O 3 + 4H 2 O + N 2
The seemingly innocuous artificial volcano consisting of a pile of ammonium dichromate crystals is now deemed to be hazardous .
The voluminous green chromic oxide " ash " is a suspect carcinogen .
The inclusion of Pharaoh`s Serpent Eggs ( mercuric thiocyanate Hg( CNS ) 2 " pills " ) within the orange pile of crystals was always a bad move , and possibly explains why some chemistry teachers of yesteryear appeared as mad as hatters .
THE SULPHUR & IRON VOLCANO
The sulphur & iron volcano must be considered highly dangerous .
Small quantities of iron filings and flowers of sulphur do not work .
Presumably there is a critical mass , where the heat generated by the oxidisation of the iron in the centre is not conducted away fast enough .
The internal temperature then rises to the point at which the exothermic reaction between iron and sulphur begins .
One can envisage using thermocouples and a datalogger to provide useful information from a small ( laboratory scale ) mass of the iron filings / flowers of sulphur / water mixture .
The critical mass necessary for the internal temperature to reach the ignition point could then be calculated .
Here the ignition of the reaction to form ferrous sulphide is described -
From The Young Man`s Book of Amusement 1854 , page 85 From a popular science book of 1844 From a letter to Michael Faraday from Ernest Glitch dated June 1856 .
Concerning the reaction of sulphur and iron in ton quantities
" ..... Upon arrival in the south pasture , I had to agree with them .
It looked like an abomination of Lucifer .
A carbuncle of perhaps twenty feet had risen from the pasture .
The earth itself was riven , clods of earth and grass thrown aside , a hellish red glow emanating from deep fissures .
Jets of steam and sulphurous gases noisily blew from its centre .
Blue flames licked around the vents of the numerous fumeroles .
Red liquid sulphur spilled from within , collecting and crystallising in yellow pools at our feet .
Faraday , I was shocked .
..... "
The number of people with Alzheimer 's disease is set to grow Two potentially key genes linked to the development of Alzheimer 's disease have been uncovered by UK researchers .
It is the first gene clue to the condition in 16 years and has prompted scientists to rethink their theories on how the disease develops .
The genes were pinpointed in a study of 16,000 DNA samples and are known to be implicated in inflammation and cholesterol breakdown .
It is hoped the Nature Genetics study will open the way for new treatments .
The last and only gene to be linked to the common form of Alzheimer 's disease is APOE4 gene , which has been the focus of much research .
These discoveries will enable scientists to follow new avenues of investigation as they piece together the causes of Alzheimer 's disease - likely to be a mixture of genes , life style and life events
Dr Susanne Sorensen , Alzheimer 's Society Data from the latest work , a team effort of several UK universities , was shared with French researchers who identified a third gene , CR1 , also reported in the journal .
The two genes uncovered by the UK team - CLU and PICALM - are both known to have protective roles in the brain .
Changes in the genes may either remove that protective effect or turn the " protectors into attackers " , the researchers said .
One of the team , Professor Kevin Morgan from the University of Nottingham , explained that the pathways highlighted by the discovery include those involved in the turnover of cholesterol and part of the immune system involved in inflammation .
" These new pathways highlight potential new avenues for treatment using conventional drugs .
" The question now is if we lower cholesterol and reduce inflammation , could we modify the risk of people getting Alzheimer 's disease . "
' Valuable leads '
There are 700,000 people living with dementia in the UK , a number predicted to reach 1.7 million by 2050 .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Study leader Professor Julie Williams , who is also chief scientific adviser to the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said the research would provide " valuable leads " .
" We have been looking at a specific theory about Alzheimer 's disease but our data shows that there are different things going on .
" We do not really understand what causes common Alzheimer 's disease .
" In a few years ' time we might have a very good idea of the full picture . "
The study was carried out by teams in Cardiff , London , Cambridge , Nottingham , Southampton , Manchester , Oxford , Bristol and Belfast and further research involving 60,000 people is being planned for the next year .
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " At a time when we are yet to find ways of halting this devastating condition , this development is likely to spark off numerous new ideas , collaborations and more in the race for a cure . "
Dr Susanne Sorensen from the Alzheimer 's Society said the work was exciting .
" These discoveries will enable scientists to follow new avenues of investigation as they piece together the causes of Alzheimer 's disease - likely to be a mixture of genes , lifestyle and life events . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On - the - job training has its roots in the Middle Ages .
Apprenticeship , it was called then , and it generally was for the young .
The new variation , now called an internship , is not the painstaking , multiyear experience it once was , but it still offers the same advantages : a chance for a worker to gain knowledge at little or no cost to the employer .
In boom times , companies with too much work for existing employees -- yet not enough work to justify another hire -- may have turned to temporary workers .
But with the economy still in the doldrums , companies again are opting for unpaid or low - paid internships to get the extra work done .
It is a brilliant , recession - proof way to double your work force , said Drew McLellan , whose McLellan Marketing Group in Des Moines has long hired unpaid interns .
“ It ’s more money to the bottom line for you . ”
While there are no definitive numbers on how many internships exist or how many companies offer them , most are probably at smaller companies and nonprofit groups rather than large public companies , according to Internships.com , a placement service with some 13,000 listings .
C. Mason Gates , the president and founder of Internships.com , said that with economic uncertainty , smaller businesses would continue to view interns as a source of growth , talent development and project - based work .
Internships have never been out of vogue , but the competition for positions is heating up , which is good news if you run a company needing economical , entry - level workers ...
While menial tasks often go with the territory , the best internships interpose photocopying with client meetings , true - life assignments and mentoring ...
While most interns receive no money -- and others slightly more than the $ 7.25 hourly minimum wage -- interns are not exactly free .
At least initially , it is more efficient for managers to do something themselves than to train someone .
My retirement was a well - planned and -- for me , at least -- a fairly joyous occasion .
I eased myself out of the company over a six month period and even made a made a world tour to say good - bye to our affiliates in London , Hamburg , Paris , Milan , Bangkok , Tokyo and Hong Kong .
There was a farewell party on the patio and I got my first watch since college , a Girard - Perregaux Subsequent retirements were n't as emotionally smooth for the retirees as the company embarked on a series of rapid and drastic downsizes in response to a systematic looting of our parent company , TimeWarner , by AOL huckster Steve Case and his cronies .
With the guidance of Mitt Romney 's vulture capital company -- Bain Capital , one of the new owners -- senior employees with high salaries made good targets for cost- cutting , although soon departments were being eliminated and then whole floors .
Eventually TimeWarner sold off the music division , which has accelerated the lay - offs to stave off the inevitable .
This week I spoke to one of my old friends who still works there , someone I had once hired as a secretary and is now the head of one of the company 's most important divisions .
He mentioned he shares a secretary with someone even more senior than himself .
When I expressed disbelief , he told me nonchalantly that secretaries in the music business have gone the way of the victrola .
Now everything is done by interns .
And when he says interns , he is n't talking about people like Pirates pitcher Ross Ohlendorf , currently interning at the Department of Agriculture .
No , what were talking about is a sinking company trying to stay afloat by replacing salaried positions with slave labor so that the few at the tippy - top can still get their seven - figure annual bonuses .
Yesterday 'sscratched around the surface of the phenomenon , although missing some key points about major corporations exploiting what amounts to slave labor .
At least there have n't been the kinds of reports out of corportae America -- at least not yet -- about interns being preyed upon sexually , the way congressional interns , pages , have been .
Gargantuan workplace power imbalances can lead to that when there are disturbed individuals involved .
Labels : AOLTimeWarner
Paul W.S. Anderson has put his name in the unofficial bidding for helming the first Metal Gear Solid movie ... and that sound you hear is many a MGS fan bracing for the movie equivalent to a car wreck .
Maybe .
How+awesome+would+Martin+Campbell's+MGS+movie+be?+( Answer :+ Better+than + W.S.+Anderson's . )
What Say You , IGN -ers ?
Is Anderson the right man for the job ?
Or does Solid Snake deserve better ?
( We 'll give you a hand there : Yes , Snake deserves better .
Way better . )
Metal Gear Solid and Solid Snake are two things very near and dear to our gamer hearts here at IGN .
A movie chronicling Konami's badass is in the top five of things we want , sooner rather than later .
But we do n't want that movie to be done at the sacrifice of worthwhile storytelling and dynamic character development , which may be what happens if Anderson gets his wish .
Sure , Event Horizon and the first Resident Evil movies are , to some extent , worthwhile in a guilty pleasure , might - watch - it - if - it 's - on - TBS sorta way .
But the director has yet to make anything more than slick - ass , bargain bin entertainments .
He hovers somewhere near the vicinity of Hack and Meh , but the reason why this guy still has a career making mediocre to worse videogame movies is a mystery .
Fans have waited a long time for a Solid Snake movie .
Both they and the character deserve a helmer and a story that can tackle the complex and intricate Metal Gear world of the games in such a way that grounds it in a reality that mainstream audiences can handle .
Anderson 's resume does n't support that he is the man for that job .
So What Say You , good people of the interwebs :
Who should direct the first Metal Gear Solid movie ?
Do you want a Snake mission on par with Casino Royale , or do you want a 2 - star movie that is , at best , a rainy day diversion ?
Drop your opinions and wish - list of directors in the comments , and cast your vote in the poll .
THE productivity benefits of high - speed internet access may be a myth , says a New Zealand study that undermines part of the Federal Government 's justification for the $ 43 billion national broadband network .
The study found that while there were economic benefits in having ADSL rather than dial - up , there was little extra value in faster forms such as fibre - optic cable .
Motu Economic and Public Policy Research mapped data from a 2006 study on more than 6000 firms ' internet services against administrative tax and employment data to measure productivity .
It found those firms that took up the kind of slower broadband services that are readily available in Australia achieved a 10 per cent productivity boost by using it to enter new export markets and buy goods and services online , but there was '' no discernible additional effect ' ' gained from a faster service .
'' Slow broadband ' ' was classed as ADSL offering 3 megabits a second , and fast as mostly cable services offering 8 megabits a second .
Typical speeds in Australia are now at the mid-single digits .
Ari Sharp
The Drug War ’s a Dead Letter Without the Police State
Let ’s do a little thought experiment .
Never mind , for the moment , the question of the Drug War ’s moral legitimacy .
Never mind whether the government has the right to prevent mentally sound grownups from deciding what substances to put in their own bodies , or what substances to buy from and sell to others .
Let ’s just consider , as a practical question , what effectively enforcing the drug laws actually requires .
Imagine a government trying to enforce the drug laws , if the common law “ search and seizure ” protections , found in the Fourth Amendment and analogous provisions of the state constitutions , were enforced according to the plain meaning of their language .
That means the government could n’t use “ no reasonable expectation of privacy ” exceptions to nullify the Fourth Amendment for the purposes of helicopter infrared snooping or footborne trespassing on people ’s land , traffic checkpoints , and drug - sniffing dogs .
There would be no more “ no knock ” warrants .
There would be no such thing as roving wiretaps or “ Know Your Customer ” laws .
Imagine the government trying to enforce the drug laws , if it were held to the plain meaning of the “ due process ” clause of the Fifth Amendment and analogous state constitutional safeguards .
Can you imagine the consternation in police forces , if they had to file criminal charges and secure a conviction from a jury before they could seize your property ?
Imagine how hard it would be for government to enforce drug laws , if courts automatically threw out evidence obtained from sting operations and entrapment in which undercover police actively solicited violations of the law .
Imagine how hard it would be to enforce drug laws , if the courts automatically threw out all “ evidence ” obtained in a manner that violated the alleged spirit of the law .
No more evidence — or perjured testimony — obtained by threatening jailhouse snitches or offering them more lenient treatment .
There would also be no guilty pleas based on “ plea bargain ” blackmail enforced by the manufacture of as many obviously spurious charges as possible ; like “ loser pays ” rules in civil suits , this practice has the effect of artificially skewing the incentives so that the underdog has as much as possible to lose , and the big guy has little or nothing to lose .
Imagine , as well , the effect of eliminating all the informal harassment and muscling cops do on their turf on a daily basis , to intimidate people into cooperating with them .
Imagine the cumulative effect of all these changes on the Drug War .
I think it ’s pretty obvious that without all the forms of lawlessness described above , the Drug War would be a dead letter .
And all the things I ’ve described should be utterly loathsome and repugnant , to anyone who believes in principles like the due process rights of the accused .
It follows that the Drug War would be a moot point , in a society where the Bill of Rights actually served as a significant restraint on the powers of police and prosecutors , and due process rights of the accused had any real meaning .
Never mind whether the drug laws themselves are compatible with a free society ; without the enforcement tools of a virtually unlimited police state , they are unenforceable .
You could have the substantive drug laws of Turkey or Singapore — death penalty and all — and with common law due process and search and seizure rights vigorously enforced , the drug laws would be toothless .
The only people ever busted for drug production , sales , possession or use would be the most careless and stupid .
Among those smart enough to take the most basic precautions , the risk of getting caught would be infinitesimal and the drug laws held in utter contempt .
Every once in a while , some TV show does a “ stupid criminals ” bit with a news snippet about some brain - damaged hippie who leaves a sack of hash brownies on the steps of the police station , and then responds to a helpful “ Lost and Found ” ad placed by the cops on the local radio station .
The thing is , if cops were bound by the laws they claimed to enforce , such Darwin Awards fodder would be the only people ever arrested .
If you want the Drug War , you must sacrifice the Bill of Rights and the due process rights of the accused , and submit to a police state in which you have no rights or protections whatsoever .
There are no other choices .
It ’s that simple .
This has broader implications .
The market liberal notion of a written constitution as law that the state allegedly must submit to is ultimately just a temporary placeholder for the anarchist understanding of law being able to be derived independently of the state .
This creates standards which the state ought to be held accountable to .
Such accountability would result in its abolition .
Scimitar335i Major Rep 132 Posts 1,316
Join Date : Jun 2008 Location : Bay Area
12 ) iTrader : (
Drives : 2007 335i
Kid tried to be the king but got aced !
Tonight I was going out to work to finish up a report .
Its a nice cool night and I took the 335i .
Well , I was in the slow lane and I see a set of HID lights pull up on my rear bumper fast !
WTF ?!?
It changes lanes and it was a murdered out 350Z .
Pretty much he was jabbing at his throttle getting me to run .
I just stayed in the slow lane and cruised .
After a minute or so of trying the driver side window rolls down and some idiot sticks his hand out and gives me a thumbs down .
The guy zooms off and begins weaving through traffic .
I keep my pace and he gets stuck behind traffic .
Again I am side by side with this clown and he again tries to get me to run .
Well , I end up getting ahead of him , he changes lanes , and he begins to ride my ass .
He was so close that I couldnt even see his headlights anymore .
That 's 1 .
I take a exit and he follows .
Perfect .
I call in to my co-worker who was on beat and told him to position himself should this idiot follow me into my city .
My lane splits into 2 lanes and he gets beside me .
The driver looks over and says , " Hey bitch .. lets see what that over priced piece of shit can do . " and begins revving his engine .
The light turns green and he peels out .
That 's 2 .
Speed limit is 35 and he is doing about 50 +.
That 's 3 .
The next light turns red and we end up next to each other again .
Once again I get the verbal abuse .
Driver : " Come on bitch .
I will smoke your ass . "
The Passenger : " What a fucking pussy . " I turn to them and said , " You never know .. there might be cops around . "
Not sure who said it but I heard " Fuck the police " .
The light turns red and he burns out again .
That 's 4 .
My bluetooth goes off and its my partner working beat .
I roll up my window and answer my phone .
I have him a description of the car and he said he was ready .
Light turns green and he sees my partner who has his unit sticking out behind a safeway store and right when he passed my buddy lit his ass up .
He pulls over and I pull in behind my buddy and put on my bullet proof vest that was in my trunk .
As my partner backed me up , I went up to the car and identified myself as the police and both of them were in shock .
I got his driver license , registration , and insurance .
He did n't say anything .
I grabbed one of my buddy 's cites n hit him up for speeding , exhibition of speed - 2 counts , tinted driver and passenger side windows , and Exhaust .
As I filled out the cite I told my buddy to take them out of the car and to tell the driver that his car was getting towed as well .
I went up to the driver and explained to him what I was citing him for and that the Exhibition of Speed was a misdemeanor though we were n't going to arrest him but his car was now mine .
He broke down and started to cry !!!
Started whimpering and saying " I have finals tomorrow sir !
How am I going to get to work ? "
" Please do n't take my car ! "
The kid was 18 years old and he had to call his dad to pick him up .
Needless to say the dad was n't happy .
Tow truck came and took the car .
Pretty much he 's going to have to pay around 400 bucks to get the car back .
I felt no pity .
So lesson is , do n't go picking races with people because you never know who you might run into .
This kid learned the hard way .
2007 TiAg e90 335i sport .
Yes ,
The e90 " Mustache " is cool !
__________________
PLEASE NOTE :
This blog has been transferred to
http://emorfes.com
Information
Filename : languages.png
Size : 650x1500
Uploaded : 2009-09-22
Tags
language cyrillic hebrew phoenician greek
Popular tags on the site
1nsane ryushin_15 ryushin_09 bier rx7 dubai ka_series_l ranma paintball smashing wallpaper rippenspreizer shevington 1999 falco giger forza invasion ryushin_14 death_note himos sprites yuko comic manga spain cheerleader stephy ebooks soepkip rwpeuro2006 megaten chubby krystal cat emma avril renee bonton family glastonbury cia magic fxc mariage donnamodelo.com jessica hr_giger dilbert
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Yes , the Modern Warfare 2 juggernaut just continues to batter its way through the video game agenda .
UK industry news sites including GIbiz are proclaiming that Infinity Ward 's FPS shifted 1.78 m units in its first week on British shelves , grossing around £ 67 m and shattering the £ 39 m record previously held by GTA IV .
However , with such a high profile , controversy – and some stiff condemnation – was always inevitable .
Yesterday , the game was debated on the BBC 's religious affairs programme , The Big Questions , where it drew predictable criticism from Muslim , Jewish and Christian leaders .
Fazan Mohammed of the British Muslim Forum is quoted on news site MCV as suggesting :
" You can't equate it with watching TV or a movie or reading a book .
This is a much more intimate experience .
You 're mentally playing out the effects of violence .
A lot of people make the excuse that this is sport – that it 's just entertainment .
But Joseph Goebbels – the propaganda minister of Nazi Germany – said his entertainment did more for the German people , in terms of creating the psyche for war and hostility towards others , than the speeches of Adolf Hitler .
The idea this is entertainment is not justification whatsoever . "
Meanwhile , it 's also being reported on gaming websites that the title has been recalled from shop shelves in Russia , allegedly due to its depiction of the country as a terrorist stronghold .
We 're seeking confirmation on that right now .
In other news , Modern Warfare 2 has enjoyed mixed fortunes with UK newspaper columnists .
In a startlingly sexist and outdated piece for the Telegraph , Hannah Betts wonders whether the game should carry a " relationship health warning " , opening her piece with the line :
" Something momentous took place in The World of Men this week , something that those living in The World of Women – that is , largely , The Real World – may yet be unaware of . "
The article , which conveniently ignores strong statistical evidence that 40 % of gamers are adult women , prompted a tirade of angry comments , including the succinct : " Female .
Played Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 . Finished it .
Do your research .
Open your eyes . "
As for the whole video game violence angle , Michael Moran over at the Times was more receptive to Modern Warfare 2 than the BBC 's panel , seeking to distance the experience of playing CoD from the real business of war :
" I believe that the grisly imagery of the Modern Warfare 2 level ' No Russian ' will teach more that it corrupts .
I do n't doubt that when the next Columbine or Virginia Tech massacre occurs some commenters will inevitably try to link it with Modern Warfare , but simulated guns do n't kill people , real ones do .
The NRA bears more responsibility than Infinity Ward . "
His words were reflected by the Observer 's Barbara Ellen , who opined :
" Are we still convinced that children are such hair - trigger sociopaths , so feral and simplistic , that they cannot tell the difference between reality and a video game ?
This " video nasty desensitising the nation 's youth " argument has been raging for 25 - plus years , but are our high streets plagued by 40 - to 45 - year - olds in Super Mario moustaches attempting to run up walls to escape invisible assailants ?
It seems to me that our anger should be reserved for the nightmare that real soldiers are facing . "
She also made the interesting point that , while we wring our hands over the effects of violent video games on young men , no one seems to care about the influence of supernatural romance fables like Stephenie Meyer 's Twilight series on the sexual proclivities of teenage girls :
" Maybe we should ask ourselves why we 're fine about young people being engrossed in a culture of sexed - up murder and bloodsucking , only to become agitated when they enter what is to them the equally fictional world of soldiers and battles ? "
This is the important thing about Infinity ward 's game .
While us gamers feel like we 've been talking about Modern Warfare non-stop for months , everyone else is just getting hold of it , wrestling with it , and coming to their own comparisons and conclusions beyond the fanboy orthodoxies .
This is how we know that games are important .
Or , at least , the million - selling ones are …
Search Wetwebmedia.com
Directions for use , follow these steps : Select the " Search Wetwebmedia.com " button Enter the name or phrase you are looking for Select the " Google Search " button
“ Mel Brooks Begins ”
You can see Mel Brooks collecting his Kennedy Center Honor from the president on television Tuesday night , but only right here on the Internet can you see the first ever film by one of the funniest men in movie history .
In this 1963 Oscar winning animated short subject , a cantankerous old Jewish man ( voiced by Brooks , of course ) watches an abstract / experimental short in the style of Canada ’s Norman McLaren .
It ’s called , “ The Critic . ”
Brooks wrote this , of course , but the actual director and producer who handled the animation was Ernest Pintoff .
Nevertheless , I think we can agree that it ’s really Mel ’s movie .
Just for fun , just a few years later , Mel shows off his mimicry skills to chat - show host Dick Cavett and then - celebrity critic Rex Reed .
This clip gets gradually funnier as it goes , and the Frank Sinatra bit is kind of a gas .
Colombo government bows to international pressure to close internment camps that have held civilians since end of civil war with Tamil Tigers
Sri Lanka today bowed to international pressure and announced plans to close the internment camps that are home to more than 130,000 people locked up since the end of the country 's bitter civil war six months ago .
Two days after the UN's top humanitarian official , Sir John Holmes , urged Sri Lanka to allow those inside the camps to leave , the government in Colombo announced that the internees would be set free from their barbed wire enclosures from 1 December .
A statement from Basil Rajapaksa , the brother of Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa and one of his key advisers , said the camps would close completely by 31 January .
The camps and the detention of hundreds of thousands of people after the end of the fighting have become a diplomatic embarrassment to the Sri Lankan government , which had hoped to capitalise on its success in bringing the 26 - year civil war to an end .
Instead , it found itself on the receiving end of international condemnation over the detention of noncombatants and mounting criticism of the conditions inside the camps , which – although they had improved considerably – remained squalid .
Domestic political considerations may also have played a part in the decision to speed up the releases .
President Rajapaksa received an unexpected political setback earlier this month when Sarath Fonseka , the head of the army and the man who plotted the defeat of the Tamil Tigers , announced that he was quitting to " fight for democracy " .
He is widely expected to mount a challenge to the president in forthcoming elections , possibly as early as next April , and his popularity could mean a much closer fight than the incumbent was expecting .
In a farewell letter to troops Fonseka pledged to work to restore human rights , media freedom , social justice , ethnic unity and peaceful coexistence .
" I want to assure you that I will commit myself to protect democratic freedoms which we are rapidly losing , " he wrote .
Sri Lanka had already acknowledged the international clamour for action on the camps when it pledged in September to release all the detainees by the end of January , but until very recently officials briefing privately had continued to stress the problems faced by the government in dealing with the inmates of the camps .
One official told the Observer that concerns remained about whether many of those held behind the barbed wire fences had played an active part in the Tamil Tiger military campaign or had offered support to the terrorists .
He also cited security problems which made it difficult to return some people to their villages , particularly the presence of minefields , which were used extensively during the military conflict .
It is understood that many of the estimated 1.5 million mines have yet to be made safe .
The decision received a qualified welcome from the humanitarian agency Unicef , whose spokeswoman Sarah Crowe said it was " to be welcomed without any doubts " but cautioned that those who had been locked up for months would need time to adjust .
" It means people now have a chance to live a normal life and it must be a huge relief to them , " she said .
" But the next step will be reunification .
That clearly has to happen and there is a need for trauma counselling , particularly for children who have lived through horrid , horrid times and seen things they should never see , really the stuff of nightmares , that will live with them for a very long time . "
An estimated 136,000 Tamils remain behind barbed wire , most in the Menik Farm complex near the town of Vavuniya .
As many as 300,000 people were detained as they fled the last days of the fighting .
Most were picked up at the end of the April and in early May after escaping from the so - called no - fire zone in which the government forces had cornered the Tamil Tigers .
Many accused the rebels of using them as human shields and there were credible accounts from witnesses that civilians who tried to escape were shot by rebels .
But once they made it through to the government lines , they were put on to buses and taken to Vavuniya , where they were detained initially in tents , with reports of up to 20 people in each one .
Conditions in the immediate aftermath of the end of the fighting were dire , with even the Sri Lankan authorities conceding that they struggled to cope with the sheer volume of refugees .
Those detained included a British citizen , Damilvany Gnanakumar , who was eventually released in September .
Human rights groups had criticised the detention , claiming it was an illegal form of collective punishment for Tamils .
There was also heavy criticism of the limited access permitted to the camps , with media heavily restricted and even aid agencies having problems gaining admittance on some occasions .
Yesterday Basil Rajapaksa said the military had agreed that the detainees could be released because they no longer posed a security threat .
" They are free to move in and out of the camps and could even go home if they wished , " he said , adding that detainees would be allowed to settle in areas cleared of mines .
Chairman Bernanke 's confirmation hearings start Thursday .
Quick Vote Should Ben Bernanke be confirmed for a second term as Fed chair ?
Yes
No or View results
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has a tough road ahead .
Very tough .
Bernanke , whose four - year term expires in January , is certain to face a contentious Senate banking panel at his confirmation hearing on Thursday .
He is also defending against the sharpest attack on Federal Reserve powers ever .
In an opinion piece to be published in Sunday 's Washington Post , Bernanke blasted two moves to limit the Fed - a House measure to dig into the central bank 's books and a Senate bill that would strip the Fed of its regulatory power .
Fed watchers say they expect that Bernanke will be confirmed for a second term as chairman .
But he may get the fewest favorable votes on record - and end up at the helm of a vastly changed Federal Reserve .
" It 's going to wind up to be a very different institution , " said American Enterprise Institute scholar Vincent Reinhart , a former director of the Fed 's division of monetary affairs .
" At least on the Federal Reserve part , Congress is going to converge on something that 's tougher on the Fed .
It 's a way to vent anger .
And fundamentally people are angry . "
While many credit Bernanke for saving the economy from falling into the next Great Depression , some in Congress blame the Fed - and Bernanke - for having failed to restrain the housing bubble .
Others say he has gone too far in the financial system bailouts .
" We 're in a very populist era and that populism is manifesting itself in a dislike and distrust in large institutions , " said Washington policy analyst Brian Gardner of investment firm Keefe Bruyette & Woods .
" That means the Fed is one of those targets . "
But the proposal to allow for congressional audits of the Fed is taking that anger one step further .
Since the 1980s , Fed antagonist Rep. Ron Paul , R - Texas , whose recently published book is entitled " End the Fed , " has been trying to pass bills to curb Fed powers .
Paul has won approval for his audit proposal from a key House committee .
" I agreed with him that some increase in openness about the Fed was important , " Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , chairman of the Financial Services Committee , told CNNMoney .
The audit measure scares the Fed and many of its defenders .
Bernanke says that Paul 's proposal , which would allow members of Congress to have the Government Accountability Office audit Fed activities , would interfere with the central bank 's ability to carry out independent monetary policy .
Rep. Mel Watt , D - N.C. , who offered an alternative version of the audit proposal that did not go as far , recently pleaded with his colleagues to moderate their anger .
" I recognize the Fed currently has no political capital .
Everyone would like to beat up on the Fed and call them the bad guys , " Watt said .
" If we make this decision on a political basis , I know what the result will be . "
Politics won out .
With the votes of 15 Democrats and all Republicans , the panel passed Paul 's more controversial audit .
Still , the measure may meet resistance in the Senate .
Sen. Judd Gregg , R - N.H. , said in a statement that it was " a dangerous move ... to pander to the populist anger " at the Fed .
" Make no mistake ; this move to bring the Fed 's conduct of monetary policy under the control of Congress is a grave threat to our economy , " Gregg said .
Tension on the Hill
Bernanke , 55 , was first appointed to the top job in 2006 by former President George W. Bush , after serving as head of the Council of Economic Advisers .
Considered an expert on the Great Depression , Bernanke previously chaired the economics department at Princeton University .
He also did a three - year stint on the Fed 's board of governors ending in 2005 .
Congress and the Fed have always had a complicated relationship .
The Fed is designed to be independent and non-political , although it regularly reports to Congress .
The financial crisis and its aftermath have made things awkward for Bernanke on Capitol Hill .
Congress did n't like that the Fed initially refused lawmakers ' requests to reveal which major financial firms received billions in bailout dollars through the rescue of AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) .
The Fed later released the information .
Earlier this spring , when public rage boiled over about bonuses paid to the same unit of AIG responsible for the company 's demise , lawmakers were irked to discover that the Fed had known for months about the bonuses .
For the past several months , a House oversight panel has been investigating whether the Fed , among other regulatory agencies , overstepped its authority in negotiating the Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) take over of Merrill Lynch .
Lawmakers have also accused the Fed of moving slowly on consumer protection .
The Fed has lately stepped up in this area , crafting rules that crack down on credit card issuers and on banks ' practice of automatically enrolling customers in overdraft protection programs with hefty fees .
Meanwhile , behind the scenes , Bernanke continues to make efforts to be more accessible than past Fed chairmen , according to lawmakers and congressional aides .
He regularly answers questions , by phone or in person , aides say .
While Fed watchers expect Bernanke to be confirmed , they also expect that the hearing could turn into one of the more politically explosive confirmations the Obama administration has faced .
" Voting against him is a way of showing your discomfort with the current system and a lot of them are uncomfortable with the current system , " Reinhart said .
The effectiveness of fiscal and monetary stimulus in depressions
Barry Eichengreen , Kevin O'Rourke , Miguel Almunia , Agustin Bénétrix , Gisela Rua
There is one important source of information on the effectiveness of monetary and fiscal stimulus in an environment of near - zero interest rates , dysfunctional banking systems and heightened risk aversion that has not been fully exploited : the 1930s .
This column gathers data on growth , budgets and central bank policy rates for 27 countries covering the period 1925 - 39 and shows that where fiscal policy was tried , it was effective .
The debate over the effectiveness of stimulus rages on ( Barro and Redlick 2009 ) .
Fewer than two years of data – that being the amount of time since monetary and fiscal measures to counter the crisis were put in place – are not enough to pin down the effects .
And different theoretical models , for better or worse , predict different results .
Strongly held priors rule the roost .
There is , however , one important source of information on the effectiveness of monetary and fiscal stimulus in an environment of near - zero interest rates , dysfunctional banking systems and heightened risk aversion that has not been fully exploited : the 1930s .
This column – based on a paper presented at the 50th Economic Policy Panel Meeting held in Tilburg on 23 - 24 October 2009 – draws out some of the lessons for today ’s crisis ( Almunia et al. 2009 ) .
Parallels : the Great Depression and the Great Recession
In previous columns , two of us documented the strong parallels between the early stages of the Great Depression and the early stages of our Great Recession .
The causes of the two episodes were quite similar .
In the earlier episode they included an unsustainable real estate boom ( centred in Florida ) , lax supervision and regulation , and global imbalances ( known then as “ the transfer problem ” ) .
Similar circumstances suggest similar effects of policy , whether positive , negative or none .
The problem is that the policy response then was limited .
The Keynesian argument for expansionary fiscal policy – whether right or wrong – was not known in this pre-Keynesian era .
Hence there was relatively little variation in fiscal stance , with conservative policies being the default option .
The aggressive use of discretionary monetary policy was also relatively unusual , as central banks were wedded to gold - standard ideology .
But there were exceptions .
Japan ’s aggressive use of monetary policy under Takahashi was one , Italy ’s large budget deficits under Mussolini another .
And there were good – exogenous – reasons for this variation .
Fiscal impulses were generally governed by forces other than immediate economic conditions ;
Italy ’s war in present - day Ethiopia , Hitler ’s rearmament , the approach of World War II .
Who responded to the crisis with monetary stimulus depended heavily on prior monetary experience ; counties that had suffered high inflation in the 1920s tended to be reluctant to abandon the gold standard in the 1930s .
New research
Cross-country comparisons can thus help us untie the Gordian Knot and move the debate from the realm of ideology to that of evidence .
Our project therefore focuses on assembling annual data on growth , budgets and central bank policy rates , mainly from League of Nations sources , for 27 countries covering the period 1925 - 39 .
This leaves the question of what model or empirical technique to apply .
Rather than prejudging the answer , we employ a battery of empirical methods .
We use panel vector autoregressions ( VARs ) with conventional assumptions about the “ ordering ” of the variables ( whether a variable affects the others contemporaneously or only with a lag ) .
We consider alternative orderings , and also run panel VARs with defence expenditure entering the equations as an exogenous variable .
We run panel instrumental variables regressions using defence spending as an instrument for fiscal policy and gold standard membership as an instrument for monetary policy .
And we run alternative panel regressions looking at the impact of fiscal and monetary shocks , the latter calculated by running simple autoregressions and extracting the residuals .
Where tried , fiscal policy was effective in the 1930s
The details of the results differ , but the overall conclusions do not .
They show that where fiscal policy was tried , it was effective .
Our estimates of its short - run effects are at the upper end of those estimated recently with modern data ; the multiplier is as large as 2 in the first year , before declining significantly in subsequent years .
( Figure 1 shows this in the case of the panel VAR estimates with the conventional ordering assumptions . )
This is , in fact , what one should expect if one believes that the effectiveness of fiscal policy is greatest when interest rates are at the zero bound , leading to little crowding out of private spending .
It is what one should expect when households are credit constrained by a dysfunctional banking system .
Given similar circumstances in 2008 , this underscores the advantages of using 1930s data as a source of evidence on the effects of current policy .
Figure 1 . Impulse response functions , shock to defence spending ( 1 % of GDP )
Note : Solid lines are the point estimates of the impulse - response mean .
Dashed lines are the 16th and 84th percentiles from Monte Carlo simulations based on 1000 replications .
Vertical axis indicates defence spending ( G ) , GDP ( Y ) , revenues ( T ) and central bank discount rate ( R ) .
Each equation in the system includes country fixed effects , country - specific linear trends and year dummies .
Other methodologies may yield somewhat smaller fiscal multipliers .
But the message is the same .
Monetary policy in the 1930s was not powerless
The results for monetary policy are less robust but point in the same direction .
A positive shock to the central bank discount rate leads to a fall in GDP ( Figure 2 ) .
The fall in output just misses statistical significance at conventional levels ( that is , the confidence bands just barely span the horizontal line denoting no change . )
Under alternative assumptions about the ordering of the variables , however ( Figure 3 ) , the direction of the effect is the same , and this time it is significant .
Figure 2 . Impulse response functions , shock to discount rate
Note : Solid lines are the point estimates of the impulse - response mean .
Dashed lines are the 16th and 84th percentiles from Monte Carlo simulations based on 1000 replications .
Vertical axis indicates defence spending ( G ) , GDP ( Y ) , revenues ( T ) and central bank discount rate ( R ) .
Each equation in the system includes country fixed effects , country - specific linear trends and year dummies .
Figure 3 . Impulse response functions , shock to discount rate ( alternative ordering )
Note : Solid lines are the point estimates of the impulse - response mean .
Dashed lines are the 16th and 84th percentiles from Monte Carlo simulations based on 1000 replications .
Vertical axis indicates defence spending ( G ) , GDP ( Y ) , revenues ( T ) and central bank discount rate ( R ) .
Each equation in the system includes country fixed effects , country - specific linear trends and year dummies .
This result is notable , given the presumption , widespread in the literature , that monetary policy is ineffective in near - zero - interest - rate ( liquidity trap ) conditions .
On the contrary , in the 1930s it appears that accommodating monetary policy helped , by transforming deflationary expectations ( Temin and Wigmore 1990 ) and by helping to mend broken banking systems ( Bernanke and James 1991 ) .
Given the prevalence of both problems circa 2008 , we suspect that the results carry over .
For others with different priors , these results may sit less easily .
But the time for priors is over .
Policy should rest on an evidentiary basis .
The evidence we have marshalled so far speaks clearly .
References
Almunia , Miguel , Agustín S. Bénétrix , Barry Eichengreen , Kevin H. O’Rourke , and Gisela Rua ( 2009 ) , " From Great Depression to Great Credit Crisis : Similarities , Differences and Lessons " , presented at the 50th Economic Policy Panel Meeting , 23 - 24 October .
Barro , Robert and Charles Redlick ( 2009 ) Design and effectiveness of fiscal - stimulus programmes , VoxEU.org , 30 October
Bernanke , Ben and Harold James ( 1991 )
The gold standard , deflation , and financial crisis in the Great Depression : An International Comparison .
In R. Glenn Hubbard ( ed. ) , Financial Markets and Financial Crises .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
Temin , Peter and Barrie A. Wigmore ( 1990 )
The end of one big deflation .
Explorations in Economic History 27 : 483-502 .
The Top 10 NBA Free Agents of 2010
Originally published December 11 , 2008 .
Updated November 12 , 2009 .
The phrase “ Summer of 2010 ” has become part of the NBA lexicon .
Teams have been tripping over each other trying to clear cap space for next summer so that they can sign an impact free agent ( or two ) .
With that in mind , let ’s take a look ahead at the free agent crop of 2010 .
Below is a list of the top 10 players that are likely to be free agents next summer .
I ’m ranking them based mostly on talent , but it ’s also important to note each player ’s age in July of 2010 , as that will affect his value and skill .
For example , a 31 year - old Paul Pierce holds much more value than a 33 year - old Paul Pierce .
Get the drift ?
1. LeBron James , SF ( 26 years - old )
James is the golden boy of this free agent class and is the player that every franchise would love to land next summer .
He will have just turned 26 and whatever team is lucky enough to sign him will – barring injury – enjoy four or five years of the best basketball of his career .
The Cavs have gone “ all in ” this season , signing Shaq , Anthony Parker and Jamario Moon , and re-signing Anderson Varejao .
In the process , they gave up whatever cap space they would have enjoyed next summer .
If Cleveland ’s season ends in disappointment once again , it would n’t be surprising if LeBron decides to take his game elsewhere .
Three teams — the Knicks , Bulls and Nets — jump out as good fits .
LeBron has stated that his top priority is to become a “ global icon ” and playing in Manhattan would serve that purpose .
If the Knicks are able to unload Eddy Curry or Jared Jeffries before the trade deadline , then they ’ll have the projected cap space to sign two top players on this list , and that might be enough to convince LeBron to sign on the dotted line .
Plus , he ’s familiar with Mike D’Antoni ( via the duo ’s work with Team USA ) and the Knicks ’ up - tempo system would be a near - perfect fit for LeBron ’s skill set .
The Nets offer a better supporting cast ( led by Devin Harris and Brook Lopez ) and the ( impending ? ) move to Brooklyn would boost the franchise ’s profile .
Chicago has a number of pieces already in place ( Derrick Rose , Luol Deng , Joakim Noah and Kirk Hinrich ) and is bigger market than Cleveland .
But would LeBron want to go to the franchise that Michael Jordan built ?
Note : Player option ( PO )
2. Dwyane Wade , SG ( 28 )
Wade is two years older than James , but is just as effective when healthy .
In fact , staying healthy is his biggest problem .
In six - plus seasons , he has missed almost 20 % of his team ’s games .
He is n’t a great three - point shooter , but he ’s a terrific all - around scorer and gets to the line as well as anyone in the NBA .
Like LeBron , he ’ll be seeking a max contract , but since he ’s older and somewhat injury - prone , he wo n’t be as good of a value as his counterpart .
I would n’t rule out a LeBron - Wade combo in New York , but it ’s more likely that the Knicks will want to pair LeBron with a big man , like Chris Bosh or Amare Stoudemire .
There ’s a good chance that Wade will stay put in Miami since it ’s a very desirable place to play and the Heat have enough cap space to sign someone like Bosh or Stoudemire in addition to re-signing their superstar .
After all , there are worse things in life than being a multi-millionaire living in South Beach .
Note : PO
3. Chris Bosh , FC ( 26 )
Simply stated – Chris Bosh is one of the best young big men in the NBA .
He has averaged at least 22.3 points and 8.7 rebounds over the last four seasons .
This year , the versatile power forward has stepped up his game and is averaging 28.9 points and 11.5 rebounds .
Everyone in New York is talking about a possible LeBron - Bosh combo , and this would be an ideal situation , but with a projected drop in the salary cap , the Knicks will need to move a player or two by the trade deadline to make it work .
Bosh is no sure thing to leave Toronto – the franchise proved it was willing to spend when it signed Hedo Turkoglu to give Bosh some help .
With the emergence of Andrea Bargnani and the steady play of Jose Calderon , the Raptors have something going .
Note : PO
4. Amare Stoudemire , FC ( 28 )
Stoudemire is a little bigger and stronger than Bosh , but their numbers are almost identical .
Stoudemire is two years older , far more injury - prone , and is n’t as good of a defender , but he boasts a much higher FG % .
He ’s at his best when he catches a pass from Steve Nash off of the duo ’s patented pick - and - roll and attacks the rim .
If the Knicks are able to woo LeBron but are unable for some reason to get Bosh , Stoudemire would be the next best choice .
He ’s obviously a great fit in Mike D’Antoni ’s system – he averaged 26 points and 9 rebounds in the 2004 - 05 season – so it ’s a logical pairing .
Note : Early Termination Option ( ETO )
5. Joe Johnson , SG ( 29 )
The Hawks raised some eyebrows when they traded future Most Improved Player Boris Diaw and two first round draft picks to the Suns for Joe Johnson .
Once Diaw won the MIP , it looked like the Suns got the better end of the deal .
But with Johnson turning into a 23 - point , five - assist , four - rebound kind of player , it sure looks like the Hawks were the ones to benefit most from the trade .
It ’s likely that Atlanta will do everything possible to retain him , as he ’s the biggest reason the team made its return to the playoffs last season .
Given his age , scoring ability , versatility and three - point accuracy ( 39 % ) , he will be highly valued in the summer of 2010 .
6. Dirk Nowitzki , PF ( 32 )
Nowitzki ’s reputation has taken a bit of a dip over the last couple of seasons , but he ’s still averaging 26 - and - 9 this year .
The Mavs are committed to him , so it ’s going to be tough for Dirk to turn down the $ 21.5 million if the two sides are unable to reach an agreement on an extension by next summer .
I do n’t see Dirk leaving Dallas anytime soon .
Note : ETO
7. Carlos Boozer , PF ( 27 )
Boozer elected to play out the final year of his contract because he found out last summer that his market value did n’t meet his expectations .
Instead , he ’s focused on having a good season in Utah and proving to everyone that he can stay healthy .
Boozer is a great fit as a sidekick , so it would n’t be at all surprising if he landed in Miami , New York or New Jersey / Brooklyn .
In fact , the Nets are a trade away from having enough cap space to sign both LeBron / Wade and Boozer , assuming he does n’t expect a max deal .
It ’s highly unlikely that he stays in Utah since the Jazz just made a big commitment to Paul Millsap , who has a very similar skill set .
8. Paul Pierce , SG ( 33 )
If Pierce were younger in the summer of 2010 , he ‘d be higher on this list .
Realistically , he ’s unlikely to be available because the last year of his deal is worth $ 21.5 million , and he ’s not going to find that kind of money elsewhere .
He ’ll probably stick in Boston since Kevin Garnett is signed through 2011 - 12 .
Note : PO
9. Manu Ginobili , SG ( 32 )
Ginobili has a reputation for being injury - prone ; he has missed almost 17 % of his team ’s regular season games in seven - plus years .
He ’s a good three - point shooter ( career 38 % ) , and a crafty scorer ( 14.8 ppg ) and passer ( 3.6 apg ) .
The Spurs have done a great job over the years of re-signing their stars , but if Ginobili becomes available in the summer of 2010 , more than a few teams will be interested in signing him to a three - or four - year contract .
He always seems to come up big in crunch time .
10 . David Lee , PF ( 27 )
Lee was a restricted free agent this past summer and ended up signing a one - year deal to stay with the Knicks .
His camp was looking for a deal averaging $ 8 - $ 10 million per season , but quickly found that the market was n’t willing to bear that .
He led the league in double - doubles in the 2008 - 09 season , but given the frenetic pace at which the Knicks play , his numbers are a little inflated .
Still , he ’ll be a great complementary forward wherever he lands .
Honorable Mention :
Yao Ming , C ( 29 )
Yao is a 22/10 guy , but his biggest problem is staying healthy .
After playing in all but two games of his first three seasons , Yao has missed more than a third of his team ’s games .
Yao ’s big frame is n’t built for the long haul .
This makes him a dicey investment for a team trying to win a championship .
Yao would have to terminate a contract that would pay him $ 17.7 million for the 2010 - 11 season .
It ’s doubtful that he ’ll find that kind of money on the open market coming off a season - long injury .
Tracy McGrady , SG ( 31 )
T- Mac is one of the league ’s most talented and versatile players , but he has two serious issues : staying healthy and an apparent inability to win in the postseason .
In the three seasons spanning from 2005 - 2008 , he has missed a quarter of the Rockets ’ games .
Given his age and health concerns ,
If he continues to struggle with his knees and back , he could be passed ( value - wise ) by Richard Jefferson , Michael Redd or Josh Howard .
Shaquille O’Neal , C ( 38 )
Will anyone want to take on a 38 - year - old O’Neal ?
What kind of contract is he willing to play for ?
If he can help the Cavs win a title , it will boost his stock considerably .
Richard Jefferson , SF ( 30 )
Jefferson would have to opt - out of the final year of his deal ( $ 15.0 million ) to become a free agent .
It ’s doubtful that he ’s going to find that kind of money on the open market .
Michael Redd , SG ( 30 )
Redd has a ETO , and is unikely to exercise it due to the value of the final year of his contract ( $ 18.3 million ) .
Josh Howard , SF ( 30 )
The Mavs have a team option for the 2010 - 11 season , and given Howard ’s off - the - court antics , there ’s no guarantee that he ’ll be a Maverick for long .
If he ’s a good citizen , however , he ’s sure to stay in Dallas .
Other notables : T.J. Ford , PG ( 27 ) ; Tyson Chandler , C ( 28 ) ; Ray Allen , SG ( 34 ) ; Marcus Camby , C ( 36 ) ; Raymond Felton , PG ( 26 ) ; John Salmons , GF ( 30 ) ; Allen Iverson , G ( 35 ) ; Nate Robinson , G ( 26 ) ; Al Harrington , F ( 30 ) and Travis Outlaw , SF ( 25 )
Significant restricted free agents : Rudy Gay , Tyrus Thomas , Ronnie Brewer , Randy Foye , Kyle Lowry and Josh Childress .
Photos from fOTOGLIF
HedgeFund.net is reporting that SP Trader , an investment futures growth fund , is dodging around its investors who want their money back .
Some have receive partial capital back , while others have n't seen a dime :
HedgeFund.net ( via Take A Report ) : Investors who talked to HedgeFund .
net said they put in close to $ 1 million in total in the fund .
When investor David Downey decided in May 2008 that he wanted to do other things with the $ 110,000 he invested , he says he received several e-mails from his SP Trader contact , Ben Weiss .
Each time , he claims that Weiss gave him a date by which he could expect his money , but he tells HFN that he still has not received his money .
Another investor , Victor Liu , a retired chemist , says he gave SP Trader about $ 125,000 in 2006 and 2007 .
Like Downey , he asserts that he traded e-mails with Weiss for several months after he sent in his redemption notice .
Read the whole thing >
The fund 's returns are here .
Not surprisingly , they 're very smooth up and to the right .
Here are the numbers since 2000 .
By our count , they 've had 8 down months total .
Watch for " Health Minute " on HLN , 10 a.m.-6 p.m. ET weekdays .
( CNN ) -- Life was good for Kenny Sparks .
A handsome man with a big smile , he was well - known in his town of Little Compton , Rhode Island .
He had a loving wife , two beautiful , college - age children and was the co-owner of a multimillion - dollar contracting business .
At 49 he had it all .
But then he began to change .
At first the family thought Kenny had Alzheimer 's disease ; he had all the signs .
But they got a diagnosis that turned out to be more devastating .
Kenny has a condition known as frontotemporal dementia , or FTD .
When doctors told Kenny 's wife , Cheryl , she was relieved .
" I was thankful it was n't Alzheimer 's , " she said .
" Clearly , what did I know ? "
She noticed the first changes more than four years ago .
" He was stumbling over words , " she said .
" And he would forget what he was saying -- but at almost 50 , I think we all tend to do that . "
Kenny 's personality was n't the same , either .
He grew distant , more agitated .
Cheryl thought it was stress , that the pressure of work was getting to him .
But as the months went by , his condition got worse .
He was put on medication for depression .
Although it helped , Cheryl said , " He just was n't Kenny . "
His children also noticed the change .
During a family trip to France , he hardly spoke .
His son , Graham , knew this was n't his dad .
" He 'd tell stupid jokes all the time , " said Graham .
" And on this trip , he was n't telling jokes .
He was sitting there with a blank stare on his face . "
His daughter , Alexandra , noticed that Kenny did n't care about his health any longer .
" He exercised all the time .
He would swim constantly and he ate well , " she said .
" And all of a sudden he was downing gallons of ice cream .
Gallons ! "
Watch more of the Sparks ' family odyssey
But it was his inability to communicate that finally pushed Cheryl into action .
" We were working on a project ... and he turned to me and asked me , can you give me that screwdriver with the little cross on top , " she recalled .
" And then I knew : This was a man who built his house from the ground up and he could n't ask for a Phillips screwdriver ? "
Cheryl got Kenny to the doctor .
During the course of numerous cognitive tests , Cheryl learned details about her husband that were shocking .
" He could n't draw a clock and put the numbers or hands on it , " she said .
Doctors told her , FTD would rob Kenny of his personality , his speech and eventually his life .
" They told me , ' If you are going to travel or do anything with your husband , you 'd better do it in the next few years , ' " she said .
" And that 's when I fell apart . "
Frontotemporal dementia is an umbrella term for a group of degenerative disorders that damage the cells in the temporal and / or frontal lobes of the brain .
Doctors believe certain proteins in the brain attack the cells .
They do n't know why .
The disease is typically diagnosed in people in their 50s and 60s , but can strike people in their 40s or younger .
It affects areas of the brain responsible for reasoning , communication , social awareness and memory , causing changes in personality and judgment .
Although its symptoms can vary depending on the parts of the brain affected , FTD eventually leaves a patient in a state of confusion and helplessness .
It also leaves affected families feeling helpless .
" Many patients will lose their inhibitions ; they 'll act totally inappropriately , leaving their families to wonder what is wrong , " said Dr. Murray Grossman , a neurologist with the University of Pennsylvania .
" Some patients will have no problem spending the family fortune , taking all their money and putting it into scams , get - rich - quick schemes , or going off and buying an expensive car or boat the family does n't need .
The patients lose their reasoning . "
" What 's particularly frustrating for family members is , the patients do n't seem to have much insight into the difficulties they are having or causing for others , " Grossman said .
FTD affects approximately 250,000 Americans -- about 10 percent to 20 percent of all dementia cases -- and misdiagnosis is common , according to the Association for Frontotemporal Dementias .
" There 's a great lack of awareness among physicians .
So on the journey to diagnosis many of our families take five or six years [ before they find out ] , and they go through a series of misdiagnoses , " said Susan Dickinson , director of the association .
Grossman said misdiagnoses can cause trouble .
" Many patients take on symptoms of a stroke and , of course , Alzheimer 's or even severe depression and are misdiagnosed , which can be dangerous because many of the medications used for these conditions can make FTD worse , " said Grossman .
" So correct diagnosis is critical . "
" And when they do get the news , it 's very difficult , " said Dickinson .
" They are told , ' Your loved one has FTD .
It 's a neurological degenerative disease .
It 's fatal , and there is no cure .
Now go home and deal with it . ' "
And that 's what Dickinson wants to change .
The association is trying to get the word out by offering resources for physicians and information on support groups for families through its organization and on its Web site .
Dickinson says 40 support groups have been formed so far , " most of them started by families and volunteers . "
" Because many of our patients are diagnosed in the prime of their lives , families are faced with financial problems .
Where do they go for help ?
How can they better deal with this disease ? " said Dickinson .
" That 's what we are here for : to help them find resources and ways of coping . "
The association also wants to raise money for more research .
Although at this point there are few treatments and no cure , Dr. Grossman says there is hope .
" The good news is that as we learn more about the condition we are developing treatments that are specific , that we hope can change the natural history of the condition , " he said .
" So there are medications in development that go after the proteins that accumulate in the brain cells that cause this condition . "
In the four years since his FTD was diagnosed , Kenny has taken trips with his family .
Until recently he was able to ride a bike and get around , although he can't drive a car .
He has become progressively more dependent on Cheryl , who quit her job to be with him 24/7 .
" His need to be with me is constant , because he feels safe , " she said .
Although Kenny goes with a caretaker several times a week to give Cheryl a break , keeping up with him can be exhausting .
" He can't read a clock .
So he 'll get up at 3 a.m. , and that 's when we start our day , " said Cheryl .
Right after the diagnosis he had good days and bad days , Cheryl said .
" And when he had bad days , they were very bad . " she said .
" Now , he 's more like a child , most times . "
When Kenny 's children visit , it can be hard for them to see him slip away .
" When he has his bad days and he lashes out it makes it hurt more , and that 's when you have to blame the disease , " said daughter Alexandra .
Son Graham agreed .
" You 've got to understand your dad is actually gone , and it's the disease . "
Cheryl looks at it differently .
" Our doctor says if we do n't take this on with a sense of humor our family will be destroyed , " she said .
" In so many ways we 've been blessed .
So we 've got to keep going with a good heart . "
" A lot of our friends and family do n't understand this illness .
But we do , " she said indicating her children .
" And we have to deal with it . "
" There is no one hardest part , " Cheryl said .
" Well , for me , knowing that the man I thought I was going to grow old with -- I 'm not , I guess . "
Cheryl stopped , and with tears in her eyes , realized , " Yes , that 's the hardest part . "
NEW DELHI , India —
Two years ago , Raghunath Mashelkar , a leading science - policy expert , shocked Indian academia when he admitted that a book he co-authored in 2004 — about intellectual property — contained plagiarized text .
" I was working on so many things at the time that I took the help of researchers to add new information to what I had written , " he told Science magazine .
" Unfortunately , they copied verbatim from somebody else 's writings .
I know it is a sin .
But I was so pressed for time that this skipped my attention . "
Mashelkar later resigned as head of a government committee looking into Indian patent law after accusations surfaced that a section of a committee report he wrote was also plagiarized .
That one of India 's top scientists is guilty of plagiarism points to a complex problem in Indian research , say academics , scientists and members of India 's only watchdog group focused on research misconduct , the Society for Scientific Values .
Increasing pressure to publish , combined with a lack of oversight — and in some cases a lack of proper training for scientists — has created conditions ripe for plagiarism and other research misconduct , those experts say .
That is particularly troubling at a time when India is expanding its higher - education system and hopes to engage further with academics outside the country to expand its research capabilities .
The Indian government has been worried about India 's low research output for some time .
In February , Kapil Sibal , who was then India 's minister of science and technology , told Parliament that the number of scientific research papers published in India stood at just 22,215 in 2007 , up from 11,067 a decade earlier .
Sibal , now the minister in charge of higher education , noted that while Chinese academics published a similar number of papers in 1997 — 12,632 — that figure leapt to 67,433 by 2007 .
As a result , China contributes 8.6 percent of the world 's scientific papers , a British study found , while India lags behind with a mere 2.4 percent .
To help close the research gap , last December Prime Minister Manmohan Singh doubled financing for science and technology research , to 2 percent of the gross domestic product , saying that newly industrializing nations like China and South Korea have " leapfrogged ahead of us by their mastery of science and technology . "
In addition , revised rules for promotion and pay increases , which went into effect about a decade ago and were toughened when new pay scales were announced this year , link the number of published papers to promotions .
The resulting push to publish , combined with ignorance about what exactly constitutes plagiarism and research misconduct , has led to a rise in such incidents in the last eight to 10 years , observers argue .
Meanwhile , the lack of both federal and institutional mechanisms that could detect and punish instances of misconduct have compounded the problem , say some scientists .
No studies have been done to quantify the problem , because it is difficult to do so , but experts say that research misconduct certainly seems to be on the rise in India .
" There is definitely more pressure to publish now because publications have increasingly become the only measurable index for promotions and recruitments , " says N. Raghuram , a member of the Society for Scientific Values , an NGO created by Indian scientists in 1986 .
" As the pressure has increased , so has plagiarism . "
Of the 36 cases of plagiarism and other scientific misconduct the society has investigated , seven have involved high - level academics , including university heads and directors of top professional colleges .
Membership in the society is voluntary , however , and the organization has no powers to punish wrongdoers .
Current Science , India 's leading science journal edited by P. Balaram , head of the Indian Institute of Science , detected more than 80 cases of plagiarism or misconduct in articles submitted for publication over the two - year period from 2006 through 2008 .
" Many articles came from authors who had a poor understanding of what they should or should n't do with citations , " said Balaram .
" Things to be put in quotes were n't , and references were not put in the right places .
There are a lot of gray areas where authors ' intentions are not to violate any code of conduct . "
Most research in India is conducted in public higher - education institutions , or at public research institutes .
Members of the Society for Scientific Values say that because these are public entities , the government should have the ability to monitor and correct plagiarism problems , but that it has a vested interest in ignoring the problem .
Take , for example , the case of Gopal Kundu , a biochemist at the National Centre for Cell Science , in Pune , who won a prestigious science award from the government .
He was later discredited when his institute , acting on an anonymous tip , conducted an investigation into his work in 2006 - 7 and established that he had misrepresented and manipulated data in an article published in 2005 in The Journal of Biological Chemistry , says Raghuram .
The journal withdrew the paper in February 2007 .
Confronted with the investigation 's findings , Kundu provided his institute with a written confession .
But he later retracted his admission of guilt , and the government formed its own investigative committee and exonerated him , says Raghuram .
Many Indian researchers wish the federal government would set up an independent body , with teeth to punish the guilty , to investigate research misconduct .
Nicholas Steneck , a consultant with the U.S. Office of Research Integrity , which monitors institutional investigations of research misconduct in certain federal research projects , says that more must be done at the institutional level rather than at the federal level to combat misconduct .
" It is not easy to investigate misconduct , and it requires a lot of skill , " says Steneck .
" We barely have it in the U.S. for so many instances , and we 've been at it for 20 years . "
Although India 's inattention to misconduct is " certainly not unique , " Steneck says it endangers a country with aspirations to be a leader in research .
Posted by John , October 23rd , 2009 - under Racism , Refugees , The Greens , The Left , The Liberals , Wilson Tuckey .
Tags : Australian Labor Party
There is no ‘ humane ’ racism .
Kevin Rudd ’s comments about ‘ illegal immigrants ’ and his Indonesian solution have fertilised the soil for Wilson Tuckey ’s comments about terrorists being among the refugees wanting to come to Australia .
Rudd ’s seed has fallen upon the ground and out of his primal slime has crawled Wilson Tuckey .
Racism turns everything on its head .
Such is the decrepitude and crapulence of the debate that people fleeing the genocide of the Sri Lankan Government are labelled terrorist when the Sinhalese Government is the real terrorist .
There is nothing new in this reversal of roles .
Our leaders happily condemn the dark skinned ‘ terrorists ’ in Afghanistan and Iraq who oppose their invasion and occupation when the real terrorists sit in Washington and London and Canberra .
What is ( publicly ) new is a politician explicitly using terrorism as an argument against refugees .
The fact that there is absolutely no evidence at all for this or any of the racist outbursts and policies on refugees is irrelevant to the two main stream parties in this debate .
Both believe there are votes in bashing refugees , so both parties are doing it .
They are engaged in a redneck bidding war .
The attempt of the Liberals to out flank Rudd on refugee racism gives a cover to Rudd ’s racism .
It allows the fake left to condemn the Liberals while letting loose the dogs of humane racism .
It is the Prime Minister – Christian Kev – who has set the ground rules for this ‘ debate ’ .
Any lie , any calumny , any dog whistle , is OK as long as it can be wrapped rhetorically at least in a ‘ humane ’ cover .
Let me repeat .
There is no humane racism .
Form is not substance .
Rudd ’s ‘ humane ’ policy cover cannot hide his ‘ illegals ’ racism .
Rudd ’s refugee approach is in essence the same as Howard’s .
‘ We shall decide who comes to Australia and in what circumstances ’ is Labor ’s real refugee policy .
It could just as easily have come out of Rudd ’s racist potty mouth as Howard’s .
The capitalist class and its state have a material interest in racism .
Divisions over race , gender and sexual orientation weaken the unity of the working class and reinforce the dominance of the capitalist class and its extraction of more surplus value from workers .
And so a bout of refugee bashing is , in the eyes of the capitalist politicians , a vote winner and , in the eyes of the capitalist class , even if distasteful personally and something they would never stoop to , a systemic necessity .
Why bark when you have a dog called Kevin to do it for you ?
There are 25 million refugees .
The three main countries for refugees are Pakistan , Syria and Iran .
Not Western countries but countries near the centre of wars and dispossession we have created .
Now Obama ’s war on terror is creating hundreds of thousands more refugees in Pakistan .
About 4 million refugees are Palestinians and their descendants driven from their land by the genocide that is Zionism .
These 25 million refugees are the result of Western policies of war , invasion and poverty .
The fight for refugees must be the fight against Western imperialism and its deliberate policies of war and impoverishment .
Troops out of Afghanistan must be at the centerpiece of any campaign to help refugees .
And yet what do the Greens in Australia offer ?
Asking the Indonesians and Malaysian Governments to sign the UN Convention on Refugees .
The Australian Government ’s racist repulsion of refugees shows the utter bankruptcy of the UN rules .
Why replicate that failure ?
The Greens have an opportunity here to build a mass movement for refugees and against war .
They wo n’t .
Partly this might be because some greens have an anti-human philosophy – a view that the problem is people , not production .
This view is usually held be comfortably middle class whites , and the too many people they talk about have dark skins .
Until the Greens challenge environmental racism they will be organisationally and politically incapable of fighting the Government on refugees .
The Greens do n’t have any understanding that real change comes through struggle , not through having a couple of powder puffs in Parliament .
Or if they do ( given their background ) such struggles are merely stepping tones for the ‘ real game ’ – Parliament .
This is a diversion from building a mass movement for refugees and against war .
The left needs to be clear about this .
Border controls are the creature of capitalism and its state .
They serve a dual role – to control the flow of labour into Australia and to control labour in Australia .
Open our borders to all who want to come here .
Записът е създаден на 2009 - 05 - 21 , последна промяна на 2012-09-14
Thousands of rockets have been fired from Gaza since 2001
The Palestinian militant group Hamas has test - fired a rocket capable of reaching Tel Aviv from Gaza , Israel 's head of military intelligence has said .
Maj - Gen Amos Yadlin told a committee in parliament that the rocket was believed to be of Iranian origin and had been successfully fired out to sea .
There was no immediate comment by Hamas and it is not clear what evidence there is that the rocket came from Iran .
The new rocket has a range of about 60 km ( 37 miles ) .
Militants have in recent years fired thousands of rockets into southern Israel , many from Beit Hanoun in the north of the strip .
Most have a range of just a few kilometres and land without causing injury or damage , though the rockets cause widespread fear and disruption .
Since 2001 , 18 people in Israel have been killed by rockets from Gaza .
The furthest Palestinian militants have managed to fire rockets into Israel is approximately 46 km ( 28 miles ) , hitting the city of Beersheba .
Long - range Grad - style rockets have hit the city of Ashkelon since 2006 .
Hamas has controlled the interior of the Gaza Strip since it drove out forces loyal to the Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas in 2006 .
Israel withdrew its forces and settlers from Gaza in 2006 but continues to control the strip 's border , coastline and air space .
Israel and Egypt maintain a crippling blockade on the territory .
Israel launched a devastating assault on Gaza in December and January aimed , it said , at stopping rocket fire by Palestinian militants .
Rocket fire since the assault has diminished dramatically .
Schemes allow people to offset emissions from flying or driving Consumer carbon offset schemes do not lead people to change their behaviour , the first holiday firm to run such a scheme has argued .
Responsible Travel said they were a " distraction " from climate change 's real urgency and is ending its scheme .
Such schemes involve individuals paying a premium for the emissions generated by certain choices , such as flying .
The International Carbon Reduction and Offset Alliance says offsetting has an impact , but governments must do more .
Carbon offset schemes also cover things like choosing to drive a car or choices around the way homes are heated .
' Assuage your guilt '
Money raised under the schemes is used to pay for carbon reduction projects in developing countries , such as installing solar power or capturing methane gas released by farm animals .
Some environmentalists argue that while these schemes bring some benefit , offsetting has not changed people 's behaviour enough and emissions covered by such schemes should be avoided in the first place .
Justin Francis , founder of Responsible Travel , said : " It 's perceived as this magic pill , this get out of jail free card if you like , that means you do n't need to change your behaviour .
" You can go on flying just as much as you were before , you can run your hotel the way you were before , but through this magic pill somehow you can assuage your guilt .
People are using offsetting to take responsibility for their unavoidable emissions
Jonathan Shopley , International Carbon Reduction and Offset Alliance
Send us your comments
" We need to be reducing the amount we pollute and I think carbon offsetting is a distraction from that . "
Andy Atkins , director of Friends of the Earth , agreed that introducing offsetting alone allowed individuals and companies to continue with business as usual .
He said : " We understand why people wanted to offset in the belief that it was reducing their emissions , but it is n't working and we have to recognise now that the science says we have to cut our emissions really , at home .
" That means governments and individuals doing everything they can to reduce their genuine carbon impact and offsetting does n't do that . "
' Making a difference '
The body representing those who run the schemes insist they do bring real benefits to the developing world .
Jonathan Shopley , of the International Carbon Reduction and Offset Alliance , said : " It 's not going to solve the climate change issue on its own , that 's for sure .
That needs government action , taxes .
" We need to stop doing certain things , but by the same account people are using offsetting to take responsibility for their unavoidable emissions and they need to understand that is a good thing and is making a difference . "
Joan Ruddock , minister for the Department of Energy and Climate Change , said : " Of course [ offsetting is ] not a solution to climate change - it's a tiny contribution - but it does help people to think about what they are doing .
" But we do need emissions reductions on quite a different scale and that is why we have a Climate Change Act and absolute limits on our emissions in this country . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No Labels !
Normally , I ’d say it ’s a bit late in the season for new entries in the “ ZOMG 2009 album of the year ! ” category .
HOWEVER , last week , Idle Warship released Party Robot – a mixtape that may hit dancefloors and iPods harder than Blueprint 3 and Merriweather Post Pavilion combined – if there ’s any justice in this world for independent musicians , that is .
The Crew
Party Robot is the long anticipated product of a collaboration between the unstoppable emCEO Talib Kweli , rock / soul / dance / don ’t - put - a - label - on - it diva songstress Res , and Graph Nobel , a Canadian artist who seamlessly combines hip hop and indie rock into a sound that is anything but the usual commercial fare .
Party Robot was mixed by Mick Boogie – one of the most eclectic and prolific DJ / producers working today .
Check out his blog because if some new voice in hip hop is about to hit it big , you know he ’s on it , and likely working with them on a mixtape .
While Kweli is already a well - respected master of his craft , Party Robot will introduce a lot of people to the unique vocals of Res and Graph Nobel for the first time – two ladies who have probably suffered in this industry because of their refusal to conform to the pop starlet pigeonhole .
Together , these artists created Idle Warship , a project that is all about rejecting genre stereotypes , having a good time , and creating tracks that will probably never get played on the radio .
Party Robot is an online release that can be downloaded for free on Kweli ’s Year of the Blacksmith website , along with two unique , awesome album covers to choose from .
The Background
Kweli , Res , and Graph Nobel are all artists that have battled throughout their careers with balancing unique styles and commercial success .
That being said , their summer tour got serious attention , and got everybody in the scene buzzing about their style and performance dynamic ( Like remember cool , alternative Behind The Front - era Black Eyed Peas ? ) .
Party Robot is one of those “ finally ! ” albums , which has been rumored and hotly anticipated in the indie hip hop scene for two years .
Combine this with a noteworthy tour season , and you ’d think that these artists would turn out a major label release , but instead they decided to make Idle Warship a completely free , independent record .
“ We do n’t believe in labels for music , ” their album covers reads .
“ Labels may stop you from hearing something before you listen to it . ”
Surely it ’s no coincidence that this quote can apply to genre labels as easily as it can to record labels .
The Sound
An album as experimental as Party Robot is not going to appeal to everybody .
When you first hear tracks like Metro and Steady , it ’s easy to instantly go into 80s power - pop flashback mode .
It ’s sometimes disconcerting to transition between underground fun-noise like you get on Screamin ’ ( featuring geek - rapper MC Chris ) into the almost heavy - handedly mainstream sound of LA Famous .
And let ’s face it , many hardcore Kweli fans are going to look right over this release to the new Reflection Eternal album .
But .
Once you ’ve listened to this album from start to finish , it ’s hard to stay aloof .
Res ‘ signature tracks are totally addictive , and as a whole , the record boasts a coherent style , and although it travels through many genres , it does n’t sound like a mess of individual tracks .
It sounds like a manifesto for a radical approach to making music .
And anyone who loved Brazilian Girls in 2008 , M.I.A. in 2007 , TV on the Radio in 2006 , Blackalicious in 2005 , and The Go !
Team in 2004 , will understand what Idle Warship is attempting with Party Robot , and will have fun with it , too .
Overall , Party Robot brings a fresh , cool sound to the table that goes well beyond the indie hip hop tag .
And okay , fine , maybe it wo n’t make it on to as many playlists as Jay - Z or Animal Collective , but that ’s not the fault of the music , just the natural result of an independent release .
That being said , if major labels keep letting artists like these slip through their fingers , the old way of doing music business does n’t stand a chance .
And this time , they wo n’t be able to blame illegal downloading for their downfall .
Comments
Eritrea were knocked out by Tanzania last week
Officials have launched a search for Eritrea 's national football team after the players reportedly failed to return home following a tournament in Kenya .
The Eritreans were knocked out of the Cecafa competition for East and Central African nations last week .
But when the team plane landed back home , it was reportedly only carrying the coach and an official .
The government , which is frequently accused of repression , denies any players are missing .
But the country 's football federation confirmed to Cecafa head Nicholas Musonye that the players had not returned .
Mr Musonye told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme it was the third time the Eritrean team had failed to return home after a tournament .
" The Eritrean federation have done their best to bring a team to the competition - unfortunately these boys had other ideas , " he said .
" Definitely they are in Nairobi - we have so many Eritreans here - they must be somewhere . "
He said he would establish the facts and hand the details on to the police .
The UN says hundreds of Eritreans flee the country every month .
Critics say the country 's repressive government , poverty and a harsh national service regime forces many to leave .
But the government denies that Eritreans are fleeing and accuses the UN of lying about the figures .
updated
ACLU Renews Call For Secretary Gates Not To Block Release Of Torture Photos
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON – President Obama yesterday signed into law a Homeland Security appropriations bill that grants the Department of Defense ( DOD ) the authority to continue suppressing photos of prisoner abuse .
The amendment , which would allow the DOD to exempt photos from the Freedom Of Information Act ( FOIA ) , is aimed at photos ordered released by a federal appeals court as part of an American Civil Liberties Union FOIA lawsuit for photos and other records related to detainee abuse in U.S. custody overseas , although it would apply to other photos in government custody as well .
Earlier this month , the ACLU sent a letter to Secretary Robert Gates urging him not to exercise the authority to suppress the photos in their case , stating that the photos " are of critical relevance to an ongoing national debate about accountability . "
" We are disappointed that the president has signed a law giving the Defense Department the authority to hide evidence of its own misconduct , and we hope the defense secretary will not take advantage of that authority by suppressing photos related to the abuse of prisoners , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" Secretary Gates should be guided by the importance of transparency to the democratic process , the extraordinary importance of these photos to the ongoing debate about the treatment of prisoners and the likelihood that the suppression of these photos would ultimately be far more damaging to national security than their disclosure .
The last administration 's decision to endorse torture undermined the United States ' moral authority and compromised its security .
A failure to fully confront the abuses of the last administration will only compound these harms . "
Another provision contained in the new law allows the transfer of detainees from Guantánamo Bay to the U.S. for prosecution .
" This law allows the administration to transfer prisoners to the U.S. for criminal trials in the federal courts , and the administration should now do exactly that , " said Jaffer .
" The military commissions at Guantánamo are not just unlawful but unnecessary .
The federal courts are fully capable of prosecuting terrorism suspects while protecting both national security interests and fundamental due process .
It 's time to shut down Guantánamo , transfer the military commissions trials to federal courts that uphold the rule of law , and transfer prisoners whom the administration does not intend to charge to countries where they wo n't be in danger of being tortured .
Indefinite detention without charge or trial undermines the most basic values of justice and fairness . "
The full text of the ACLU 's letter to Secretary of Defense Gates is below and available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/torture/41309res20091020.html
More information about the ACLU 's FOIA litigation is at : www.aclu.org/accountability
This comes over from my bud DYm .
His mother - in - law gave him this shirt .
Perfect .
In the weirdest sense ever , the above “ Strippers Love The Steelers ” shirt is right on par with the Jesus Loves The Steelers one .
Both are incredibly simple , with one singular person expressing their love for the same football team .
See …weirdest parallel ever .
And you know what , I totally enjoy this one as much as I did the one with our Lord and Savior on it .
The vendor did n’t try some elaborate design to make a PITTSBURGH SUPER WORLD CHAMPIONS shirt seem like a Super Bowl Champion Steelers one .
They had a message … short and sweet … and did n’t care that they used STEELERS without permission .
And that ’s the thing .
With the Jesus shirt , we thought the only way to use a licensed word like STEELERS without getting a cease and desist letter was to incorporate religion .
But we forgot about the strippers .
COPENHAGEN  Perhaps the strangest sight at protests that turned violent here on Wednesday was a group of young men and women in fur coats and white bow ties who came bearing Champagne , fistfuls of dollar bills and grapes on a silver platter .
The group , which called itself Lobbyists for Profitable Climate Solutions , called on other protesters to stop their “ global whining . ”
Corporations are already working hard enough to save the planet , they argued .
“ We are very inspired by the International Chamber of Commerce , ” said Morten Anderson , a 21 - year - old from near Copenhagen who almost managed to keep a straight face while speaking for the group .
“ A great global market for trading carbon will solve matters related to the climate . ”
The police said 260 people were arrested during the day of protests , in which demonstrators also tried to scale fences and descend on the conference center where international delegates are meeting on climate change .
That brought the total detained since the meeting began Dec. 7 to 1,800 .
I ’ve alway though the story of Bruny Surin and Donovan Bailey were the perfect metaphor to explain Québec identity to those who could n’t understand it in other terms than ethnicity and race .
On the 27th of september 1996 at the Summer Olympic Games in Atlanta , Donovan Bailey ran the 100 m dash in 9.84 seconds , broke the world record , clinched the title of fastest man in the world and vindicated Canada ’s honour after the humiliation of the whole Ben Johnson episode .
A Canadian hero had arrived .
Well … except in Québec .
People in Québec appreciated what Bailey had done , but they did n’t quite identify with the Jamaica - born athlete in the same way other Canadians did .
In 1996 another runner who had n’t even qualified for the final became Québec ’s hero .
Bruny Surin .
Why did people in Québec identify with Bruny Surin and not with Donovan Bailey ?
Bailey and Surin are both black .
They were both born in the Caribbean in 1967 and emigrated to Canada in their teens .
Bailey and Surin both loved playing basketball and it is while they were dribbling and shooting hoops that some Phys.
ed. teacher noticed their potential and encouraged each of them to persue athleticism and running .
Both Surin and Bailey quickly achieved international success .
They worked with the best european coaches and trained year round on the sunny campuses of american universities .
They both became key members and medal hopefuls of Canada ’s Olympic team in 1996 and it is wearing the same red and white maple - leafed uniform that they won the gold medal of the 4X100 m relay .
Today they share the Canadian record for the 100 m sprint : 9.84 seconds .
Objectively , Bailey , not Surin , is the great Canadian hero .
Bailey set the Canadian ( and then world ) 100 meter dash record while winning a gold medal in Atlanta .
Surin failed to make the final as a solo runner in 1996 and only equaled Bailey ’s performance years later in Seville when he finished second at the 1999 World Championships .
Yet , in 2009 , Bruny Surin is still a star in Québec .
He ’s a successful businessman , big corporations pay him thousands of dollars to give pep talks to their employees and he is still a regular on the television and media circuit .
Meanwhile , if it was n’t for racial profiling , thirteen years after his triumph in Atlanta , Donovan Bailey could probably cross the entire city of Laval could without a single person stopping him on the way .
The reason people identify with Surin and forgot Bailey has nothing to do with race , ethnicity or immigration .
It ’s very simple actually .
Bruny Surin and his family live in Québec and speak French with an ( haitian - flavoured ) Québec accent .
Bruny Surin lives in their world and Donovan Bailey , no matter how many maple leafs are on his jacket , does not .
That ’s it .
It ’s not anymore complicated than that .
There is no great anti-Québec conspiracy theory here .
Donovan Bailey won fair and square .
Bruny Surin succeeded at all he did , yet always seemed to carry the stigma of the one who chokes at great historical junctures .
Hey , maybe that ’s what the Québécois identify with .
This does n’t mean there is no racism in Québec , or that young Haitians in Montreal do not face discrimination .
But this is not different than the discrimination black and Jamaican kids face in Toronto , despite Donovan Bailey ’s success .
Bruny Surin ’s biography just came out ( have n’t read it ) and he is said to be shopping for a political party to persue a political career .
Surin is n’t associated with any political team yet , but he has publicly supported the Parti Québécois ‘ Richard Legendre in the past .
Should that ever happen , I ca n’t wait to see Canada ’s reaction when an Olympic medalist who carried the Maple Leaf flag up high countless times joins the Parti Québécois .
I know , I know , you wo n’t hate him because he ’s an ungratful immigrant .
Just because he ’s a separatist .
The reduced functionality is as follows :
* No street name at the top
* No arrow indicating next turn direction
* Voice guidance is delayed , if at all present
Please do not waste space posting these issues .
They are known .
Code : adb remount adb shell find / system / data - name \*google\*maps.apk\* -o - name Maps.apk - delete adb uninstall com.google.android.apps.maps
Code : mount -o remount , rw /system find / system / data - name \*google\*maps.apk\ * -o - name Maps.apk - delete pm uninstall com.google.android.apps.maps
Code : adb remount adb shell find / system / data - name \*google\*maps.apk\* -o - name Maps.apk - delete adb uninstall com.google.android.apps.maps
Code : mount -o remount , rw /system find / system / data - name \*google\*maps.apk\ * -o - name Maps.apk - delete pm uninstall com.google.android.apps.maps
Update :
Since the main issue in this thread has been solved ( Navigation works outside the USA ) , I 'm going to stop updating it .
For the latest updates on Brut. all 's mod , please use http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630887
Brut.all has done it again with 4.0.0 .
The modified version works anywhere Google has the " Directions " feature , but it has reduced functionality ( including in the USA ) .
If you are only going to be using Navigation in the USA , then get the official version from the Market .
If you need Navigation outside the USA , then install the modified version .
If you do n't want to do the installation manually , then uninstall Google Maps , and download and install Nav Launcher 2.1.3 from the Market ( see below for a QR code ) .
It will install the modified version of 3.3.1 for you .
If you want to do it manually , then follow these instructions :
If you have root , uninstall the current Maps app.adb : shell :
Next , regardless of whether you have root , install the SpeechSynthesis Data .
You can do this either by going into the market and searching " SpeechSynthesis Data Installer " , or on some ROM's , like CM 4.2.7.1 , Menu -> Settings ->
Speech synthesis ->
Install voice dataIf you have root , download http://ul.to/1ofshq/maps4.0.0-brut4.apk ( 4.0.0 ) If you do not have root , download http://ul.to/6w7e8n/maps4.0.0-brut4-alt.apk ( 4.0.0 ) These files were created by Brut.all , without whom we would not have Navigation outside the USA .
Install the new file that you downloaded : adb install -r maps4.0.0-brut4.apkoradb install -r maps4.0.0-brut4-alt.apkGoogle has made some anticipated changes to block us from using Navigation outside the USA .
It looks like Brut . all is going to be looking at the original proxy idea again .
For now , you might as well upgrade to 3.3.0 , as it does have some cool new features ( and you can always revert if necessary ) .
Stay tuned to the thread for more details .
Brut.all and TAPP got it working .
Here are some more in - depth instructions for those of you having issues :
If you have root , uninstall the current Maps app.adb : shell :
Next , regardless of whether you have root , install the SpeechSynthesis Data .
You can do this either by going into the market and searching " SpeechSynthesis Data Installer " , or on some ROM's , like CM 4.2.5 , Menu -> Settings ->
Speech synthesis ->
Install voice dataIf you have root , download http://ul.to/uwa3gp/Maps3.2.1-patched-root.apk or http://files.legendofbong.co.uk/down...tched-root.apk
If you do not have root , download http://ul.to/18fckr/Maps3.2.1-patched-no-root.apk or http://files.legendofbong.co.uk/down...ed-no-root.apk
These files were created by Brut.all and TAPP , without whom we would not have Navigation outside the USA .
Install the new file : adb install -r maps - root - aligned - apkoradb install -r maps - no - root - aligned - apkI made a simple launcher app called Nav Launcher that lets you easily navigate to a contact or any other destination by typing or speaking the name or address .
Search the Market for " Nav Launcher " , go to market://search?q=pname:com.madcowsolutions.NavLauncher on your device , or scan this QR code : Discuss this app at http://navlauncher.madcowsolutions.com
rac2030 made a similar application called NavStarter that you can download from http://www.2030.tk/link/navstarter
Reply to this thread if you have any issues .
Now that we have Google Maps Navigation working on other devices , I thought the next logical step was to get it working outside the USA .
I noticed something very interesting .
I turned off cell / gps location services , then opened Maps , and plotted a route from Detroit to San Francisco .
I got the Navigate option .
When I selected it , it prompted me to download the voice stuff , so I did .
Then it told me to go into settings to enable GPS .
When I did that , and came back , it popped up a dialog " No route found - Navigation to your destination is not available . " .
HOWEVER , under this dialog is a Navigation view of my area .
Which means it was able to download the necessary map data , but something is preventing it from retrieving or using a route .
Here 's an example of this from the emulator , with the GPS set to be right in front of parliament in Ottawa :
It 's possible that the route could be transmitted in the same format as normal directions in Maps , but that either : a)
The server is rejecting the request because it 's coming from Navigation and has a Canadian endpoint , orb )
The application is discarding it because it has a Canadian endpoint .
If it 's a ) , then we might be able to setup a proxy server ( even a locally running server on the phone ) to mask the signature of the request .
If it 's b ) , then we might have to modify some of the Maps code .
But the fact that it can render the Navigation view of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada means that it is downloading the appropriate map data , so that 's a great start for getting Navigation to work outside the United States .
We just need to find a way to tell it that it is allowed to work .
I made some Wireshark captures of a successful route being generated , as well as one that failed because it's in Canada , but the transmitted data is n't textual for the most part , and I do n't know how it 's encoded .
One interesting thing to note is that in my Wireshark captures , Navigation uses " DriveAbout " in all of its requests to the server , whereas regular driving directions uses " GMM " in the same spot .
I 'm going to see if I can setup a simple proxy to forward requests , replacing " DriveAbout " with " GMM " to see if that gets us any further .
Hopefully some other people can help with this so that everyone , everywhere , can enjoy Google Maps Navigation .
advertisement
advertisement
A cheat sheet is a printable guide of a particular programming language , software or framework .
A web designer spends most of his design time to move around different softwares environment and it becomes really hard to memorize the shortcuts and hot keys for each environment .
Hence , cheat sheets provide great help for them .
In this article , we present 34 essential cheat sheets for the most popular web based technologies .
WordPress
jQuery
PHP
Photoshop
CSS
Color
HTML
Fonts
Adobe
Mod rewrite and htaccess
Excellent door hangers online printing available at PsPrint
Today 's Google homepage celebrated the 40th anniversary of Sesame Street , but , as this video reveals , Sesame Street 's Cookie Monster celebrated Google in a song from 27 years ago .
A super fun song of the you 'll - giggle - your - socks - off variety , that is .
Advertisement
Yes , it came 16 years before Google ever existed and yes , technically the song is about Cookie Monsters googly eyes , but somehow it still sorta fits as tribute to the search engine giant .
I just hope that the next Google homepage doodle includes Cookie Monster instead of Big Bird , ' cause frankly that one gives me the creeps .
[ Official Google Blog via Techie ]
We regular computer users depend so much on digital documents that it would be crazy not to make our best to make sure that we will never lose them , no matter what happens .
The first part of the solution , of course , is to only save files in open , standard formats which give the greatest possible guarantees to remain readable in the future with any software .
The other , which is the subject of a three part miniseries starting today , is to always have backup copies of each file .
In this article we ’ll begin with some essential criteria to follow when planning backups .
Then we ’ll show a very simple backup script .
It may not be glamorous , but will be surely work on any distribution or Desktop Environment you may use in the foreseable future .
Basic Criteria
The first rule of backups is to store them in a separate place .
If you store both the originals and the backups on the same computer , one hardware failure is all you need to lose everything for good : always copy on external drives or somewhere online your backups !
The second things to sort out is to figure out exactly what you need to save and how often you must do it .
Backing up everything , every day , would be just a big waste of time and space .
Binary programs , for example , should just be reinstalled from the original packages or source code .
For log files , instead , install logrotate .
System configuration files are usually stored in the /etc/ directory .
User configuration files , instead , are hidden something into the respective $ HOME directories .
All these files are of little size but only change after major changes to your environment ( computer , distribution , or ISP ) or if you replace some major software component , like Postfix with Exim or KDE with Gnome .
Consequently , you can either waste a little bit of space ( re ) copying them at every backup , or only save copies manually when you actually modify them .
Relational databases like MySQl or PostGreSql , which are also used as backends by several desktop applications , are more complicated .
Backup - wise , they look like bundles of binary files which a server modifies at random intervals .
You ca n’t just make a direct copy of those files and be sure they ’ll be usable .
You must tell the server itself , instead , to dump all its data in ASCII files which you can then back up like everything else : the corresponding simple procedures are explained in separate articles , one for MySQl and one for PostGreSql backups .
What about email ?
what we see in our email client window as a “ mailbox ” containing many messages can be on disk either one single file ( mbox format ) or a directory where each message is into a separate file ( Maildir and similar ) .
Backup - wise , the second solution is better , at least for mailboxes which change frequently , because you can treat single messages as any other user file , from spreadsheets to movies or pictures galleries .
Automated Backups
User files should be backed up often !
The simplest and most efficient way to perform automated backups , at least for beginners , is to combine full backups , made every months or week , with daily incremental ones .
The latter only archives files changed or added in the last 24 hours or since the last full backups , saving a lot of disk space .
Simple backups methods concatenate all files you need to save in one big archive , both for simplicity and portability .
File permissions , symbolic links or file names which are very long or contain unusual , non ASCII characters may not be preserved on every file system , including those on DVDs or FAT - formatted USB keys .
Single archive files with short , simple names , instead , can be copied everywhere and still preserve all the properties of each file it contains .
Should you compress and / or encrypt those archives ?
Maybe , maybe not .
If most of the archived files are in already compressed formats , from MP3 to OpenDocument , you are n’t going to gain much space with further compression .
Besides , if a compressed archive is corrupted , it may become impossible to uncompress it .
In such a case , you would lost all the files it contained .
If some part of tar file is corrupted , instead , the rest is still recoverable .
Encryption has all the same risks , plus the one of forgetting the passwords .
It probably makes more sense to find out what your really private files are , and encrypt each of them separately .
Tar Basics
The best compromise between simplicity and flexibility for backups on Gnu / Linux systems is the GNU version of the tar ( Tape ARchiver ) program , which also comes with an extensive online manual .
Tar can create archives from scratch or append new files to existing ones .
It is also able to find out which of the files contained into an archive where modified after its creation , and replace them with their newer versions .
The “ t ” and “ x ” options list and extract the content of the archive file passed through the “ f ” option :
tar tf somearchive .
tar # list content of somearchive .
tar
tar xf somearchive .
tar # extract all files from somearchive .
tar
tar x my_resume.odt f somearchive .tar # extract my_resume.odt from somearchive.tar
Tar has options to only archive the files changed after a given date or those listed into a text file .
The second method is much more flexible than the first , even when you only want to archive newer files .
The reason is that you can generate the file list by hand or automatically , with any combination of filtering criteria which can be coded into a script .
A Practical Example : Combining Full and Incremental Backups
The Bash script of Listing 1 can perform both full and incremental backups , for all the users of a GNU / Linux box .
The backups are stored in the $ TARGETDIR directory , inside a sub - folder named after the current day .
Each user ( or the administrator ) lists in separate files all and only the files or folders that need backup .
Configuration files , mailboxes and other documents are backed up separately , for each of the users listed in the $ USERS ( cfr lines 6 and 7 ) .
When the script is launched without arguments , tar is used as in line 24 .
The “ cf ” options create an archive named $ TARGETDIR / $ DATE / $USER$LIST .
tar ; - W issues a warning if something went wrong and - T gives the name of the file list to use .
If you run the script with the “ incr ” option ( cfr line 13 ) , instead , the script creates other file lists on the spot , through the find command in line 17 : “ - mtime - 1 ” means “ find all the files created or modified no more than one day ago ” .
1 #! /bin/bash
2 # Basic full / incremental backup script
3
4 TARGETDIR=/ mydata / backups
5 DATE=`date +'% Y%m%d'`
6 FILE_LISTS= ' docs email config '
7 USERS=' marco fabrizio '
8
9 cd /
10 mkdir $ TARGETDIR / $ DATE || exit
11 for USER in `echo $ USERS`
12 do
13 if [ " $ 1 " == " incr " ]
14 then
15 echo " Incremental backup of $ USER files "
16 INCR_LIST=" /tmp/$DATE.$USER.incr_file_list "
17 find /home / $USER - type f - mtime - 1 | cut - c2 - > $ INCR_LIST
18 tar cf $ TARGETDIR / $ DATE/incr_$USER$LIST.tar
- W -T $ INCR_LIST
19 rm $ INCR_LIST
20 else
21 for LIST in `echo $ FILE_LISTS`
22 do
23 echo " Backing up into $ TARGETDIR / $DATE the content of $ USER / $ LIST "
24 tar cf $ TARGETDIR / $ DATE / $USER$LIST.
tar - W -T /home / $USER /.$LIST.filelst
25 done
26 fi
27 done
To automate everything you must use the cron utility .
If you save the script of Listing 1 as /usr / local / bin / mybackupscript.sh , these two cron commands :
30 23 * * 0 /usr/local/bin/mybackupscript.sh
30 23 * * 1,2,3,4,5,6 /usr/local/bin/mybackupscript.sh incr
will create full backups at 11:30 pm of every Sunday ( day 0 in the fifth column ) and incremental ones at the same hour of every other day .
Tar has many more features than those used in this example .
Besides the manual , the best resource to see what GNU tar can do is the online gallery of tar commands at CommandLineFu .
SHARE Chemical Fallout Read the complete Journal Sentinel investigation Warning : Chemicals in the packaging , surfaces or contents of many products may cause long - term health effects , including cancers of the breast , brain and testicles ; lowered sperm counts , early puberty and other reproductive system defects ; diabetes ; attention deficit disorder , asthma and autism .
A decade ago , the government promised to test these chemicals .
It still has n't .
By of the
Despite months of additional study and a self - imposed timetable , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration likely will not release its ruling Monday on the safety of bisphenol A , a chemical used in thousands of household products that has been linked to developmental and behavioral problems .
Sources told the Journal Sentinel the agency instead is likely to ask for more time as its scientists consider hundreds of new studies on the chemical 's effects .
Last year , relying on two studies paid for by BPA - makers , the FDA held the chemical was safe for all uses .
But the FDA 's own science board recommended that the agency had not considered enough of the other studies on the chemical .
Earlier this year , the FDA said it would review its findings and set the Nov. 30 deadline .
Advocates for a ban on BPA viewed the prospect of a delay as a good sign , figuring if the FDA plans to maintain its earlier ruling the agency would not need more time .
Additionally , environmentalists were pleased at the recent appointment of Lynn Goldman , a pioneer in research on endocrine - disrupting chemicals and a leading voice for strong environmental health policy , to act as a part - time consultant to the FDA on the chemical .
Advocates of a ban , and packaging company executives who maintain BPA is safe , have anxiously awaited the new FDA ruling .
Even if a new ruling does not come Monday , environmental groups - including the Breast Cancer Fund , Environmental Working Group and the Natural Resource Defense Council - say they will ask the FDA to immediately impose a public health warning , mandatory labeling of food cans , and an outright interim ban on polycarbonate plastic in food containers .
The FDA regulates food packaging .
And because BPA is found in the lining of most food and beverage cans , the agency is charged with the task of saying whether BPA is safe for that use .
The FDA 's previous ruling relied on two studies , both of which were paid for by BPA - makers .
E-mails obtained by the Journal Sentinel showed that the FDA 's ruling was written in part by lobbyists for the BPA - makers .
The e-mails also showed how agency scientists relied on chemical industry lobbyists to examine the chemical 's risks , track legislation to ban it and even monitor press coverage .
Last year , more than seven billion pounds of BPA were produced in the United States , bringing in more than $ 6 billion in sales .
BPA , developed as an estrogen replacement and used to make hard , clear plastic , has been found in the urine of 93 % of Americans tested .
A decade of concern
Scientists began becoming concerned about BPA about 10 years ago when researchers noticed that lab animals stored in polycarbonate cages were getting much fatter and were more likely to develop breast cancer .
Since then , more than 600 studies have looked at the effects of the chemical .
BPA has been linked in studies on lab animals to breast and prostate cancers , diabetes , heart disease and behavioral disorders .
In 2007 , the Journal Sentinel analyzed 258 BPA studies and discovered that more than 80 % of the studies that found harm were funded by independent scientists .
Nearly all of the studies that found no harm were paid for by industry .
Last year , bowing to consumer demand , several baby bottle manufacturers announced they would stop making products with BPA .
Sunoco , one of six companies to manufacture BPA in the U.S. , said it would not sell the chemical to companies without a guarantee that it would not be used to make baby bottles .
Canada declared BPA to be a toxin and outlawed its use in baby bottles .
Similar measures followed in New York 's Suffolk and Schenectady counties and the city of Chicago , as well as Minnesota and Connecticut .
Massachusetts has issued a health advisory for pregnant woman and babies to avoid products containing BPA .
A federal ban of BPA has been proposed in all food contact items and could be attached to legislation late this year or early next year .
Worries about BPA continue to mount .
A study released this month by Kaiser Permanente found that Chinese factory workers exposed to huge amounts of the chemical were four times more likely to experience erectile dysfunction and seven times more likely have trouble ejaculating .
And a Consumer Reports study released in October and fashioned after tests performed by the Journal Sentinel , found traces of BPA in nearly all food cans , including those marked " BPA Free . "
Plastics industry responds
BPA makers , meanwhile , have intensified their public relations measures to try and assure consumers that the chemical is safe .
In May , the Journal Sentinel reported on a meeting of several executives to devise a campaign , hoping to find a pregnant woman to serve as a spokeswoman for BPA .
The newspaper later found documents that showed the plastics industry turning to many of the same tactics - and people - the tobacco industry used in its decades - long fight against regulation .
Meanwhile , the federal Environmental Protection Agency , which monitors BPA in the environment through things like piping for water , said in September it also would be evaluating the chemical 's safety .
And the National Institutes of Health announced in October it would spend $ 30 million over the next two years for studies of BPA health effects .
The committee is investigating the treatment of female prisoners Scotland 's chief prisons inspector has hit out at the policy of having just one female - only prison .
Dr Andrew McLellan told MSPs it was a major factor in overcrowding at Cornton Vale Prison and meant many women were too far away from their families .
The Scottish Prison Service admitted the regime at the prison , near Stirling , had slipped amid population increases and pressure on staff time .
Holyrood 's Equal Opportunities Committee is probing the issue .
Dr McLellan told its inquiry on female offenders in the justice system it did not seem to be " fair or honest " to make the argument that all women prisoners should be at one site to help them benefit from rehabilitation programmes .
I do think there are aspects of the regime that have eroded
Sue Brookes
Scottish Prison Service
" I do not agree with the policy of the Scottish Prison Service which is to concentrate all women prisoners in one site , " he said .
" That by itself is a significant factor of overcrowding in Cornton Vale . "
Pointing out that women prisoners were , until recently , held in Aberdeen , Inverness and Dumfries , Dr McLellan added " Almost all of the women who were in these local units were there for a very short time and largely were there on remand , for five days or seven days or at the most three weeks , so none of these people in Cornton Vale were ever going to take advantage of the critical mass .
" But the closing of these units increases significantly the overcrowding in Cornton Vale and severely impairs the family contact and family support which women in Aberdeen or Inverness or Dumfries might have had . "
Sue Brookes , head of offender strategy and partnership development with the prison service , agreed more female prisoners should be closer to home .
But she dismissed re-opening the Aberdeen and Inverness female prison facilities , saying many of the women in Cornton Vale had acute physical and mental problems .
" The reasons for closing them were not just about access to programmes , " said Ms Brookes - a former governor of Cornton Vale .
" They were because , certainly in my view , some of the medical care that was available was not appropriate and was putting women at risk . "
Following a visit to the prison last week , she added : " I do think there are aspects of the regime that have eroded because of the population increases and the time constraints on staff .
" They do an absolutely marvellous job , given where the numbers now are , but the regime is not as good as it could have been . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Inquiring minds are interested in figuring out how long it might take to get back to " full employment " defined as 5 % .
John Mauldin touched upon this theme in Welcome to the New Normal .
John 's analysis stopped short of making actual projections as to when full employment would return , or the detailed path it would take to get there year by year .
However , I thank John for providing a nice starting point for discussion .
In Scarred Job Market Expected to Weigh on Economy The Wall Street Journal offers this look at how long it would take to return to employment levels before the start of the recession .
Please consider the long road back .
The Long Road Back
Click On Any Chart In This Post For Sharper Image
The Journal states ...
" On average , the economists do n't expect unemployment to fall below 6 % until 2013 "
The Journal goes on ...
" On average the economists -- not all of whom answered every question -- expect the unemployment rate to peak at 10.2 % in February .
But even once the employment situation stops getting worse , economists expect recovery to come slowly .
" It could take until 2014 - 15 before we see a 5 % handle on unemployment again , " said Diane Swonk at Mesirow Financial . "
6 % by 2013 ?!
5 % by 2015 ?!
Really ?
Mapping Unemployment
To map unemployment projections year - by - year from now through 2020 there are a huge number of variables to take into consideration .
Factors Affecting Unemployment Projections
Current Hiring Trends
Demographics
Working Age Population Growth Projections
Boomer Retirements
Participation Rate
Part - Time Employment
Drivers For Jobs
Housing
Commercial Real Estate
Global Wage Arbitrage
Outsourcing
Double Dip Recession
Productivity
Manufacturing
Let 's start our analysis with a look at monthly job growth trends from 1999 through 2009 .
John Mauldin posted the following chart , I filled in averages and outlined in blue previous recession periods ...
[ Ed note : Mish then runs through an extraordinarily detailed analysis and a couple of scenarios that you can read in detail here .
And here 's his conclusion : ]
[ I ] n spite of all those generous assumptions , no double dip recession , no second recession , high rates of job growth and falling participation rates all the way through 2020 , and unemployment peaking at 11.6 % not 13 % , the best I can do is suggest the unemployment rate will be over 10 % all the way through 2015 and never dip below 8 % all the way out through the end of 2020 .
You can read the whole thing at Mish 's site >
You can also download Mish 's spreadsheet and make your own assumptions .
Update Jul 29 2010
This " feature " , eventually publicized by Sirdardckcat and Thornmaker , allowed Microsoft to win the BlackHat 2010 Pwnie award for the " Most Epic FAIL " : )
Internet Explorer 8 's famous XSS filter can be exploited to perform successful XSS attacks against web sites which would be otherwise safe .
In other words , XSS " protection " is helping XSS attackers , oh the irony .
Well , this is not exactly news among security researchers , but those aware of the details ( including Microsoft of course , Eduardo " Sirdarckcat " Vela and myself ) have kept a low profile so far .
Check , for instance , slide # 17 in my OWASP presentation ( alternate link ) , given two weeks ago .
However , after Microsoft left it unfixed for many months , someone apparently decided to whisper this dirty little secret in Dan Goodin ( The Register ) 's ear .
To Microsoft 's credit , this problem has no quick fix : in fact , it 's way worse than a simple implementation bug .
Its root is a flawed design choice : when a potential XSS attack is detected , IE 8 modifies the response ( the content of the target page ) in order to neuter the malicious code .
This is , incidentally , the only significant departure from NoScript 's approach , which modifies the request ( the data sent by the client ) instead , and is therefore immune .
Anyway , here 's the juice : IE 8 's response - changing mechanism can be easily exploited to turn a normally innocuous fragment of the victim page into a XSS injection .
The attacker just needs a certain degree of control on the content of the web site to be injected : social networks , forums , wikis and even Google Apps are good prey .
To be fair , Google Apps are not vulnerable anymore , since Google 's properties wisely choose to deploy the
X -XSS - Protection : 0
header , which is the " safety switch " disabling IE 8's XSS protection .
So , web site owners ' dilemma is , opt out or not opt out ?
For browser users , there should be no dilemma at all ;-)
“ Everyone and their grandmother has a sign out saying , ‘ We buy gold , ’ ” said Ron Lieberman , the owner of Palisade Jewelers in Englewood , N.J .
He estimates that 10 times as many people come into his store to sell gold now as when the metal was selling for $ 300 an ounce at the beginning of the decade .
“ I hear people come in and say gold is going to $ 2,000 . ”
Image Raw , unrefined gold , before it is turned into the shiny bars and coins being scooped up by investors nervous about the economy .
Credit ... Christoph Bangert for The New York Times
Jewelry store shoppers are n’t the only ones forecasting lofty prices .
Jim Rogers , an investor who has made his name investing overseas and in commodities , predicted to Bloomberg Television last week that gold might reach $ 2,000 an ounce  prompting a rebuke from Nouriel Roubini , an economist who gained attention for his early warnings about the global economic crisis .
At a conference in New York on Wednesday , Mr. Roubini described Mr. Rogers ’s forecast as “ utter nonsense , ” saying that there are n’t any inflationary or economic pressures that would drive the price of gold to $ 2,000 an ounce .
Even the most bullish of gold lovers were surprised last week when the Reserve Bank of India stepped in and bought 220 tons of gold from the International Monetary Fund for $ 6.7 billion , a sign that other central banks might move away from dollar - denominated assets like Treasury bonds in favor of the precious metal .
India ’s huge purchase means that gold will now account for about 6 percent of India ’s $ 285.5 billion of foreign exchange reserves  up from the previous level of about 4 percent .
“ We have money to buy gold , ” said Pranab Mukherjee , India ’s finance minister .
“ We have enough foreign exchange reserves . ”
On Thursday , Sri Lanka ’s central bank disclosed that it , too , was buying gold , in a trend that could hurt the United States over time because it needs foreign bond buyers , especially central banks , to finance its growing debt .
Gold closed at $ 1,095.10 an ounce on Friday , down from its intraday high but up nearly 5 percent for the week .
Adjusting for inflation , gold would have to top $ 1,885 to set an all - time record .
China has already doubled its gold reserves over the last six years , but the Indian move underscored how even the most traditional investors are shifting a portion of their assets into bullion .
WHAT WE DO
We make sure that your project is completed using the highest standards and that it is completed on time .
So far , we have completed thousands of projects which includes outside gardens , pavement , waterworks , stoneworks , outdoor kitchen , and more .
You give us your ideas , and we will convert it into reality .
Our designers are very creative , and they know how to match outdoor landscape with the entire look of the house .
They will consult you in every step of the way so that the result comes out to be exactly the way you wanted .
Contact us today and let us talk about how we can magically transform your outdoor landscape to enhance the view of your property .
“ I think we were all trying to be very brave , ” she said .
“ But it was like walking into a coffin . ”
Ms. Lanoux , a small blond English teacher , lives in San Antonio with her husband , also a teacher , a 19 - month - old daughter , an 8 - year - old daughter and a 12 - year - old son .
The day she arrived at Anderson , Feb. 9 , was the beginning of a difficult journey at the cancer center .
She has been coming about every three weeks since , staying for a week at a time .
Her problems began in August 2008 on the way to a beach vacation .
She started coughing .
Her doctor was not concerned , telling her he thought she had acid reflux because she had had it when she was pregnant .
He gave her Nexium .
She returned in November at a friend ’s urging , and her doctor prescribed cough drops and steroids .
But she kept coughing .
Finally , in January , when she still could not catch her breath , her doctor ordered a chest X - ray to see if she had bronchitis .
The next week , she returned to learn the result .
Her husband wanted to go with her , but she told him not to bother , it was probably just bronchitis .
The doctor “ came in and said , ‘ This is the part I hate most about being a doctor , ’ ” Ms. Lanoux recalled .
There was a spot on her lung .
A CT scan also revealed spots on her liver .
And a biopsy of the spots on her liver revealed what it was .
Melanoma .
It had spread from an initial lesion  no one could ever find where it started  and was now threatening her life .
Ms. Lanoux ’s doctor in San Antonio told her to go to Anderson .
“ She very honestly told me , ‘ I do n’t want to try treating you , ’ ” Ms. Lanoux said .
“ I think I was in denial until last month , ” she said .
“ I had a 10 percent chance to survive five years , and I was going to do it . ”
She has tried everything .
Immunological therapy with side effects so severe it has to be administered in the intensive care unit .
It did not work .
Then she started biochemotherapy  a combination of three chemotherapy drugs and two immune system hormones to stimulate her body to attack her tumors .
It is a controversial treatment , said her doctor , Patrick Hwu , but some patients had lasting remissions .
An upgrade to a Cray XT5 high - performance computing system deployed by the Department of Energy has made the " Jaguar " supercomputer the world 's fastest .
Located at Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Jaguar is the scientific research community 's most powerful computational tool for exploring solutions to some of today 's most difficult problems .
The upgrade , funded with $ 19.9 million under the Recovery Act , will enable scientific simulations for exploring solutions to climate change and the development of new energy technologies .
" Supercomputer modeling and simulation is changing the face of science and sharpening America 's competitive edge , " said Secretary of Energy Steven Chu .
" Oak Ridge and other DOE national laboratories are helping address major energy and climate challenges and lead America toward a clean energy future . "
To net the number - one spot on the TOP500 list of the world 's fastest supercomputers , Jaguar 's Cray XT5 component was upgraded this fall from four - core to six - core processors and ran a benchmark program called High - Performance Linpack ( HPL ) at a speed of 1.759 petaflop / s ( quadrillion floating point operations , or calculations , per second ) .
The rankings were announced today in Portland at SC09 , an international supercomputing conference .
In 2004 , DOE 's Office of Science set out to create a user facility that would provide scientists with world - leading computational research tools .
One result was the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility , which supports national science priorities through the deployment and operation of the most advanced supercomputers available to the scientific community .
" Our computational center works closely with the science teams to effectively use a computer system of this size and capability , " said James Hack , director of the National Center for Computational Sciences that houses Jaguar in the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility .
Jaguar began service in 2005 with a peak speed of 26 - teraflop /s ( trillion calculations per second ) and through a series of upgrades in the ensuing years gained 100 times the computational performance .
The upgrade of Jaguar XT5 to 37,376 six - core AMD Istanbul processors in 2009 increased performance 70 percent over that of its quad - core predecessor .
advertisement
Researchers anticipate that this unprecedented growth in computing capacity may help facilitate improved climate predictions , fuel - efficient engine designs , better understandings of the origin of the universe and the underpinnings of health and disease , and creation of advanced materials for energy production , transmission , and storage .
The Oak Ridge computing complex is home to two petascale machines .
In addition to DOE 's Jaguar system , the National Institute for Computational Sciences , a partnership between the University of Tennessee and ORNL , operates another petascale Cray XT5 system known as Kraken , which was ranked 3rd on the November Top500 list at a speed of 831.7 teraflops .
" The purpose of these machines is to enable the scientific community to tackle problems of such complexity that they demand a well tuned combination of the best hardware , optimized software , and a community of researchers dedicated to revealing new phenomena through modeling and simulations " said ORNL Director Thom Mason .
" Oak Ridge is proud to help the Department of Energy address some of the world 's most daunting scientific challenges . "
Simulations on Jaguar have primarily focused on energy technologies and climate change resulting from global energy use .
Scientists have explored the causes and impacts of climate change , the enzymatic breakdown of cellulose to improve biofuels production , coal gasification processes to help industry design near - zero- emission plants , fuel combustion to aid development of engines that are clean and efficient , and radio waves that heat and control fuel in a fusion reactor .
" The early petascale results indicate that Jaguar will continue to accelerate the Department of Energy 's mission of breakthrough science , " said Jeff Nichols , ORNL 's associate laboratory director for computing and computational sciences .
" With increased computational capability , the scientific research community is able to obtain results faster , understand better the complexities involved , and provide critical information to policy - makers . "
Hack , a leading climate modeler , concurs .
" The speed and power of petascale computing enables researchers to explore increased complexity in dynamic systems , " he said .
As an example he cited the world 's first continuous simulation showing abrupt climate change , led by scientists at the University of Wisconsin and the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
Run on Jaguar earlier this year , the computer 's speed made it possible to publish the results by July in Science .
Through the Innovative and Novel Computational Impact on Theory and Experiment ( INCITE ) program , DOE 's leadership computing facilities at Oak Ridge and Argonne national laboratories will employ a competitive peer review process to allocate researchers 1.6 billion processor hours in 2010 .
In 2009 the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility allocated 470 million processor hours on Jaguar through the INCITE program .
Scientists in industry , academia , and government have requested more than 2 billion processor hours on Jaguar for 2010 .
The six - core upgrade on Jaguar will enable Oak Ridge to allocate 1 billion processor hours .
Equipped with unprecedented computer power , materials scientists can simulate superconducting materials and magnetic nanoparticles with greater realism .
Climate scientists can improve accuracy , resolution , and complexity of Earth system models , and physicists can simulate quarks and explore masses , decays , and other properties of the fundamental constituents of matter .
Oak Ridge National Laboratory is managed by UT - Battelle for the Department of Energy .
MEXICO CITY  Gunmen ambushed a peasant union leader and his family in northern Mexico , killing him and 14 others in an attack that bore the hallmarks of a hit by drug cartels but one that his organization said might have been related to his union work .
The victims , who included four children , were leaving a ranch in the northern state of Sonora on Friday afternoon when the gunmen opened fire with AK - 47s on a convoy of three trucks , according to one of the three survivors , the state police said .
The union leader , Margarito Montes Parra , 56 , had built up a powerful organization spanning several states to demand land rights and press for government support of peasants .
The group , the Worker , Peasant and Popular General Union , is based in the southern state of Oaxaca , and a leader there said Mr. Montes ’s killing was linked to his work .
“ There is evidence to believe that he was executed by someone who never agreed with our struggle , ” Karina Barón , who runs the union ’s Oaxaca office , told local newspapers .
The FDIC says banks are n't lending enough to businesses . , but banks blame the feds and the FDIC .
Sheila Bair Reuters file U.S. banks are earning money again , but they 're writing fewer business loans , threatening a fragile economic recovery .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. reported Tuesday that U.S. bank loans fell by $ 210.4 billion or 2.8 % during the third quarter – the biggest drop since the FDIC started keeping records in 1984 .
Banks booked $ 2.8 billion in third - quarter profits , reversing a second - quarter loss of $ 4.3 billion .
" We need to see banks making more loans to their business customers , " says FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair .
" This is especially true for small businesses . "
Loans to businesses fell 6.5 % , and real estate loans plummeted 8.1 % .
" Until small businesses are able to borrow , we can't have a robust economy , because that 's your largest source of jobs , " says Richard Posner , a law professor at the University of Chicago and a federal circuit judge .
The Small Business Administration has said that small businesses created 64 % of new jobs in the past 15 years .
Banks are reluctant to make new loans until they 've cleared off the bad ones they made during the housing boom .
Back then , they paid " insufficient attention to certain kinds of risky loans , " says Edward Kane , finance professor at Boston College .
" You can't expect them to turn around and turn the lending machine back on . "
Non-current loans rose more than 10 % during the quarter to $ 366.6 billion or nearly 5 % of all loans , the highest rate on record .
Banks charged off nearly $ 51 billion in bad loans last quarter , the 11th straight quarterly increase and up more than 80 % from a year earlier .
" Loan losses will continue to climb as long as foreclosures keep rising and homeowners , builders and developers continue to hurt , " says Kate Monahan , banking analyst at Aite Group .
Banks do n't expect things to get better anytime soon :
Two out of three banks set aside more reserves for losses during the quarter , reserving a total of $ 62.5 billion , 22 % higher than last year .
Banks are hoarding money in super - safe Treasury securities , and , " Businesses were not as eager to take on debt , " says FDIC chief economist Richard Brown .
ARE YOUR DEPOSITS INSURED ?
Check the FDIC website Increasing bank failures are feeding the worries : 124 banks have failed this year , up from 25 in all of 2008 , draining the FDIC 's deposit insurance fund , which fell below zero ( to minus $ 8.2 billion ) in the third quarter .
But the FDIC had earlier set aside $ 38.9 billion to cover losses , giving it total reserves of $ 30.7 billion to protect depositors in failed banks .
The FDIC has another $ 23.3 billion in cash .
The agency expects to collect another $ 45 billion at the end of the year when banks pay three years of deposit insurance premiums in advance .
Bair warns not to read too much into one quarter 's results , noting that banks wo n't return to full health until the economy improves .
" It really is all about the economy at this point , " she says .
" I do n't want to make any predictions . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Since this is going to be a healthcare - themed kind of week , this is an interesting look at an Indian surgeon and entrepreneur who 's making heart surgery affordable for even India 's poorest - and whose facilities will be coming to us via a short plane ride .
This very well may be the U.S. health care model of the future :
BANGALORE --
Hair tucked into a surgical cap , eyes hidden behind thick - framed magnifying glasses , Devi Shetty leans over the sawed open chest of an 11 - year - old boy , using bright blue thread to sew an artificial aorta onto his stopped heart .
As Dr. Shetty pulls the thread tight with scissors , an assistant reads aloud a proposed agreement for him to build a new hospital in the Cayman Islands that would primarily serve Americans in search of lower - cost medical care .
The agreement is inked a few days later , pending approval of the Cayman parliament .
Dr. Shetty , who entered the limelight in the early 1990s as Mother Teresa 's cardiac surgeon , offers cutting - edge medical care in India at a fraction of what it costs elsewhere in the world .
His flagship heart hospital charges $ 2,000 , on average , for open - heart surgery , compared with hospitals in the U.S. that are paid between $ 20,000 and $ 100,000 , depending on the complexity of the surgery .
The approach has transformed health care in India through a simple premise that works in other industries : economies of scale .
By driving huge volumes , even of procedures as sophisticated , delicate and dangerous as heart surgery , Dr. Shetty has managed to drive down the cost of health care in his nation of one billion .
His model offers insights for countries worldwide that are struggling with soaring medical costs , including the U.S. as it debates major health - care overhaul .
" Japanese companies reinvented the process of making cars .
That 's what we 're doing in health care , " Dr. Shetty says .
" What health care needs is process innovation , not product innovation . "
At his flagship , 1,000 - bed Narayana Hrudayalaya Hospital , surgeons operate at a capacity virtually unheard of in the U.S. , where the average hospital has 160 beds , according to the American Hospital Association .
Narayana 's 42 cardiac surgeons performed 3,174 cardiac bypass surgeries in 2008 , more than double the 1,367 the Cleveland Clinic , a U.S. leader , did in the same year .
His surgeons operated on 2,777 pediatric patients , more than double the 1,026 surgeries performed at Children 's Hospital Boston .
Next door to Narayana , Dr. Shetty built a 1,400 - bed cancer hospital and a 300 - bed eye hospital , which share the same laboratories and blood bank as the heart institute .
His family - owned business group , Narayana Hrudayalaya Private Ltd. , reports a 7.7 % profit after taxes , or slightly above the 6.9 % average for a U.S. hospital , according to American Hospital Association data .
The group is fueling its expansion plans through private equity , having raised $ 90 million last year .
The money is funding four more " health cities " under construction around India .
Over the next five years , Dr. Shetty 's company plans to take the number of total hospital beds to 30,000 from about 3,000 , which would make it by far the largest private - hospital group in India .
At that volume , he says , he would be able to cut costs significantly more by bypassing medical equipment sellers and buying directly from suppliers .
The Catholic Archdiocese of Washington said Wednesday that it would be unable to continue the social service programs it runs for the District of Columbia if the city refused to change a proposed same - sex marriage law .
The threat could affect tens of thousands of people the church helps with adoption , homelessness and healthcare .
Under the legislation , which the City Council is expected to pass next month , religious organizations would not be required to perform or make space available for same - sex weddings .
But they would have to obey laws prohibiting discrimination against gays and lesbians .
Fearful that they could be forced , among other things , to extend employee benefits to same - sex married couples , church officials said they would have no choice but to abandon their contracts with the city .
Advertisement
“ If the city requires this , we ca n’t do it , ” said Susan Gibbs , spokeswoman for the archdiocese .
“ The city is saying in order to provide social services , you need to be secular .
For us , that ’s really a problem . ”
The clash escalates the dispute over the same - sex marriage proposal between the council and the archdiocese , which has generally stayed out of city politics .
Catholic Charities , the church ’s social services arm , is one of dozens of nonprofit organizations that partner with Washington .
City leaders said the church , which serves 68,000 people here , is not the dominant provider of any particular social service .
But the church pointed out that it supplemented funding for city programs with $ 10 million from its coffers .
Advertisement
“ All of those services will be adversely impacted if the exemption language remains so narrow , ” Jane G. Belford , chancellor of the archdiocese , wrote to the council .
A landmark court ruling blaming the Army Corps of Engineers ' " monumental negligence " for some of the worst flooding from Hurricane Katrina could lead to a new deluge : billions of dollars in legal action from thousands of storm victims .
The federal judge 's harshly worded decision also served as vindication for residents of St. Bernard Parish and the Lower 9th Ward in New Orleans , who have long argued that Katrina was largely a man-made disaster , caused by the federal government 's failure to maintain the levees protecting the city .
New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin told CNN the ruling would " open the floodgates " for people in the Lower 9th Ward to seek " proper compensation . "
He added , " If this is allowed to stand , I think you will see a multitude of lawsuits , the City of New Orleans included . "
A Corps of Engineers spokesman said the agency and the Justice Department were reviewing the ruling and would not comment because issues in the case were still subject to litigation .
On Wednesday , U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval ruled that the corps ' shoddy oversight of the channel southeast of New Orleans caused much of the flooding of St. Bernard Parish and the Lower 9th Ward , two of the hardest - hit areas after Katrina .
The decision opens the door to billions of dollars in other claims by more than 100,000 individuals , businesses and even government entities that have pending damage claims against the corps .
Duval awarded $ 720,000 in property damages to four individuals and one business .
In his 156 - page ruling , Duval referred to the corps ' approach to maintaining the channel as " monumental negligence . "
He said he was " utterly convinced " that the corps ' failure to shore up the channel doomed it " to grow to two to three times its design width . "
This " created a more forceful frontal wave attack on the levee " that protected St. Bernard and the Lower 9th Ward , he wrote .
【 LLTVレポート】劇的ビフォーアフター、匠の技（中編）
“ 本物のマク ロ ” でCのコード行数を半分に ！
毎年夏に開催される軽量プログラミング言語（LL：Lightweight Language）をテーマにした「 LLイベント」。第7回目となる「LLTV」が、2009年8月29日に東京・中野で開催された。この記事ではプログラムの一部、「大改善!!劇的ビフォーアフター」をレポートする。前編では、Rubyによるfortuneコマンドの“増築” と、 Firefox拡張によるslコマンドの実装というネタ系発表をレポートした。中編となる本記事では、C言語にLisp風のマクロを取り入れ、lsコマンドのソースコードを約半分に“ 修繕”
する匠の技をレポートする。後編では、売り場業務が滞りがちだった販売管理システムをbashコマンドで“建て直した”という劇的ビフォーアフターの発表をレポートする。
Cで書かれたlsのソースコードの問題点
匠の川合史朗 氏
「 Real / Macro Metaprogramming On C」と題した発表を行ったのは 、Scheme処理 系 「 Gauche」（ゴーシュ）の開発者として知られる川合史朗氏だ。アカデミックな情報科学の議論から、アセンブラレベルの最適化に至る泥臭いハッカーの実装話までカバーするスーパーハッカーとして知られる “ 匠 ” だ。
川合氏が改修を試みたのはlsコマンド（GNUのものではなく、FreeBSD付属のもの）。ソースコードは1141行。川合氏は「非常に素直で読みやすいコードで、C言語で書かれたソースコードとしては優等」としながらも、「LLを使い慣れてスポイルされてしまったプログラマからみると、どうしても不満点が見つかる」と、冗長性やメンテナンス性の悪さを指摘した。
例えばlsコマンドでファイルリストを表示するとき、昇順／降順でソートすることができる。ソートで比較するのはファイル名だったり、タイムスタンプだったりいろいろ。このとき関数ポインタで渡される比較関数として、1つの比較対象につき昇順と降順の2種類が、ペアでcmp.cに定義されているという。これらは関数名と動作が逆である以外はまったく同じ構造で、「新しいソート順を加えたいときに、いちいち2つ書かなきゃいけない」（川合氏）というムダがある。「LLの高階関数が使えれば、関数を引数にとって、その逆の動作をする関数をオンザフライで作れるのですが、C言語では、そういうことができない。とても残念です」（同氏）。類似した構造を持つパターンをくくり出すための抽象化機能が貧弱なC言語の限界、というわけだ。
川合氏が示した問題点の1つ。C言語の抽象化機能が貧弱であるために、似たような関数を2つ別々に定義してある
同様に、非本質的な情報がコードに入り込むのも、C言語のソースコードに見られる問題点だという。forループでカウンタを使って配列にアクセスするようなコードや、連結リストをポインタで順にたぐるようなループでは、抽象度の高い言語なら、より端的に意図したとおりの記述が可能。川合氏は「こう書ければなあ」と擬似コードを示すことで、C言語の抽象機能の弱さを指摘した。
ループの抽象化ができないのもCの弱さ
川合氏が指摘した3つ目の問題点は、コード中で情報の分散が起こりやすいこと。lsでは多数あるオプションをフラグで管理している。ところが、フラグに関連したコードは、ヘッダファイル、変数を宣言している場所、main関数のオプションパーザと3個所が関係しており、「1つのオプションを付け加えるのにも、最低3個所の改変が必要」と、抽象機能の貧弱さからメンテナンス性が悪い点を指摘した。
オプションスイッチに関するコードが、ヘッダ、変数宣言、オプションパーザの3個所に分散してしまう
本物のマクロで大幅リフォーム！
Cで書かれたlsのソースコード。そこにある「冗長性 」
、「 非本質的な情報 」 、「情報の分散」という3つの問題点に対して繰り出された匠の技は、“本物のマクロ”だ。ここで川合氏がいう本物のマクロというのは、Cのプリプロセッサで処理されるテキスト置換のようなマクロではなく、Lisp風の「コンパイル前に、任意のソースコード変換ができるマクロ」だという。
「（プログラミング言語の）構文なんて飾りです、偉い人には分からないかもしれませんが、ここにいる皆さんには分かってもらえると思います」。リフォームのポイントをこう説明すると、川合氏はおもむろにC言語で書かれたコード片を次々と異なる構文に変形してみせた。関数呼び出しの例としてprint文、制御構造としてif文を、「これは、こう書いても同じことです」とカッコだらけのLispのS式に置き換えると、予想外（もしくは予想通り）の展開に会場からは笑いがわき起こった。
極め付けは 、Cのmain関数のコード例だ。「例えば、こういうmain関数を、こう書くこともできます」と、ありふれたCのソースコードが、そこはかとなく原形をとどめながらも、誰も見たことがない不思議な字面のソースコードに変換されるのを見せつけられるに及んで、会場は匠の“ 荒技”
に圧倒されて、大きな笑いに包まれた。匠は「見た目が、ちょっと変わるだけ。慣れればスラスラ読めます」と、こともなげだ。
川合氏が示し たCの典型的なコード例
上のCのコードをCiSEと呼ぶ形式で書き直した例。S式でCを書いているという
魔法のようなコード変換
S式化されたCのソースコードに会場は笑いを誘われたが、これは“ 壮大なネタ”
などではなく、川合氏が「 CiSE 」（C In S- Expression）と名付けたまじめな取り組みだ。CiSEによって、CのABIやライブラリ、ハードウェアに近いセマンティクスなど好ましい特徴を変えることなく、抽象構文木を操作してコードを生成するようなマクロを使うことができる。実用性を重視したというScheme処理系のGaucheの実装でも、一部にCiSEを使っているという。
マクロの威力を示すものとして川合氏が示した最初の例は、forループでカウンタを0からインクリメントして配列要素にアクセスするパターンの抽象化。文字列の長さに応じてforループを回すような処理では、「dotimes」と名付けたマクロによって、非本質的な一時変数はコードから消失し、カウンタを0で初期化するという低レベルの処理も隠蔽できることを示した。CiSEでは、一時的に必要となるC上の変数などは自動的に通し番号で管理され、名前の衝突が起こらないよう配慮されているという。
マクロを使ってループを抽象化した例。一番上が元になるコード。真ん中がそれをマクロで展開した表現で、それをC言語に変換するといちばん下のコードが生成できる
このほかマクロを使うことで、繰り返しパターンの除去や、本質的な処理のくくりだしによる冗長なコードの整理、DSLのように宣言的構文で複数ファイル上の該当個所にコードを生成して、分散していた情報を1個所に集めるなどの抽象化テクニックを川合氏は次々と披露（この間、会場には劇的ビフォーアフターのBGM）。オリジナルのCの関数をすっきりと整理していくことで、全体のコード行数を約半分に縮めることに成功。ソースコードが短くなっただけではなく、同系統の機能の追加が容易になったほか、パターンの再利用性が高まるといったメリットも加わったという。
もしこうした改修を本当に行ったとして、果たしてlsコマンドをメンテナンスするCの住人たちが暮らしてゆけるのかという疑問は残るが、劇的なビフォーアフターであることは間違いない。
オプションスイッチ処理関連のコードは、オリジナルのCでは3個所に分散していたが、マクロを用いたDSLによって各オプションは1行の宣言で済むように
lsコマンドのソースコードを匠が書き換えた結果、約半分の行数に！
言語「に」使われるのではなく、言語「を」使おう
マクロを使うことで一般にソースコードの行数は数分の1に縮むという。「ソースコードの規模が大きければ大きいほど効果が大きい」（川合氏）。
マクロの威力を示した川合氏だが、「だからといって今日うちに帰ってすぐに自分のプログラムをマクロで書き換えろという話ではない」と釘も刺す。「マクロは劇薬」（川合氏）だからだ。現在翻訳作業中の書籍「 Programming Clojure 」 （Stuart Halloway著）の中から川合氏は、マクロに関する警句を引用する（ClojureはJVM上のLisp方言実装）。いわく、“マクロ倶楽部”には2つのルールと1つの例外があるという。
ルール1：マクロは書くな
ルール2：それがパターンをカプセル化する唯一の方法ならば、マクロを書け
例外：同等の関数に比べて、呼び出し側が楽になるならば、マクロを書いても構わない
S式やマクロの強力さを支持するハッカーは多いが、一般のソフトウェア開発で広く使われるテクニックとは言い難い。こうした事情も含めてか、最後に川合氏は「匠のメッセージ」として次のように述べた。
「 プログラマであるあなたは、コンピュータに対して万能の神です。ですから、言語の制限にぶち当たって言語に使われるのではなく、言語
“
を ” 使って、言語と戯れましょう 」 。
「 LLTV レポート 劇的ビフォーアフター、匠の技（後編）」では、サイロ化して連携利用が難しかった多数の業務システムを、bashスクリプトとフラットテキスト、多段パイプ処理の組み合わせというUNIX的アプローチで劇的にリフォームしてしまったUSP研究所の當仲寛哲氏の発表をレポートする。
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
By Captain Pyke | December 27 , 2009 - 10:11 pm
Deep Space Nine , our favorite
Trek series of the momemnt , takes place on a distant Space Station located close to the opening of a wormhole that connects to quadrants of the galaxy .
Apparently , scientists are theorizing the possibility of this type of wormhole travel in the next century .
According to an article from the Las Vegas Science News Examiner , Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider in Cern , Switzerland recently claimed that they found a way of detecting entrances and exits to wormholes , and they believe they will soon be able to prove this claim .
Check out an excerpt from the article below .
As sci -fi fans know , wormholes offer an opportunity to connect distant points in spacetime , bypassing the need for faster - than - light propulsion .
You enter the mouth of a wormhole on Earth and instantly exit the other end which can connect two distant locations in the universe or different places in time .
Wormholes moved from the realm of science fiction to serious science in 1985 when Cal Tech physicist Kip Thorne convinced colleagues that they might one day be used for space / time travel .
Wormhole enthusiasts describe how this futuristic technology could materialize :
• First - generation wormholes will allow transmission of information at faster - than - light speeds which could be useful in many of today ’s real - time communications .
Benefits range from creating a more real virtual reality system to eliminating satellite transmission delays .
• Second -generation will enable us to transmit and receive conventional data and create “ eavesdrop ” systems by placing “ virtual wormcams ” in space to capture pictures of objects .
This will be extremely valuable for mapping planets and asteroids in distant star systems .
• Third - generation will be the first to transmit tiny bits of matter , which could be “ morphed ” into nanobots programmed to terraform new planets , making them more environmentally - friendly .
• Fourth - generation will become a Star Trek - like transporter .
They could scan NASA astronaut bodies atom - by - atom and feed that data through wormholes with instructions for nanobots to rebuild the bodies at the destination .
( source Las Vegas Science News Examiner )
Read the full article here .
It is no surprise that marketing is one of the most important parts of running a business – but it is often challenging to be able to get it right , and you will probably find that it is something you … Read More
UPDATE :
It has been a pleasure to run this philosophy journal survey service for the last 10 years .
Over the last few years , I have n’t had time to maintain it well .
However , I did n’t want to see it go .
I am happy to announce that I ’ve turned over all of the data to the APA Blog and they are going to take over the service .
By the looks of it , they ’re going to make it even better .
So glad that this project will continue , and that it is in even better hands .
ACCESS THE NEW JOURNAL SURVEY SITE HERE
In a recent “ Open Mic ” we asked you , “ Which music - related sites do you visit regularly ? ”
This article is a summary of the great suggestions given in the comments to that article .
You can make the list even longer by commenting on this article .
Music Education Sites
As you ’re reading this article , Audiotuts + needs no introduction .
Several commenters mentioned Audiotuts + - thanks for the support !
This is a great Flash site with many resources to help you learn music theory .
“ Welcome to Ricci Adams ’ Musictheory .net .
To begin your journey into the realm of music , please select a lesson , trainer , or utility from the lists below . ”
The site content is split up as follows :
Lessons , including topics that cover notation , chords and scales
Trainers , that teach you notes , keys , intervals , triads , keyboard , guitar and brass .
There are also “ ear trainers ” that teach you to hear intervals , scales and chords .
Utilities , including a chord calculator , staff paper generator and matrix generator .
Michael comments : “ I have found http://www.musictheory.net very helpful .
I am working my way through a Bachelor of Education with a major in music , and the aural training apps on the website are very useful for helping to train my ear , something that I ’ve never worked on before now . ”
This is a site that helps you with scales and chords .
“ Generates scale charts and tablature .
Choose the scale you would like to learn from the drop - down boxes below , then click the button marked ‘ Scalerate . ’ ”
The charts are guitar - based , and there are options for various alternate tunings and other stringed instruments .
It helps guitarists visualize what they are doing .
A website that helps you learn musical scales and chords .
Subtitled “ Learn music technology ” , this site is all about learning audio .
The site contains video tutorials , industry news , and a great forum .
Joe comments : “ Great Ableton / sound design videos . ”
“ My goal with this site is to provide high quality video tutorials to professionals and hobbyists alike .
In the videos , I cover various topics such as sound design and production workflow .
The product list is always growing as I complete new projects . ”
A great site by Ian Shepherd .
Here is a quote from his About page :
When I ’m recording , mixing or mastering , I have only one goal in mind : I want people ’s jaws to drop .
I want them to look at me , thunderstruck , and say - “ This sounds incredible ! ”
Or maybe even better , I ’ll be chatting casually to someone and something I ’ve worked on will be mentioned , and they ’ll say - “ wow , I love the way that sounds , it ’s one of my favourite albums ever ” .
My guess is that if you ’re reading this , you feel the same way .
If so , then this is the site for you - because I want to help you make people ’s jaws drop .
I ’m lucky enough that this has happened to me numerous times in my career , and I know I can help you achieve it , too .
“ Welcome to MusicSoftware Training.com and welcome to what many consider to be the most in depth and easy to follow Ableton Live tutorial Videos available ANYWHERE !
My Goal is that you are able to come here as a beginner or as a professional and still take away a wealth of valuable information that will set your musical creations in motion . ”
“ As the technical barriers of creating music are lowered , what was once only the domain of technical wizards has become accessible to everyone , everywhere , at anytime .
With the abundance of new computer software that makes music easy and fun to create , a whole new group of enthusiasts is able to do in minutes what would have taken an expert days to do only a few years ago .
“ Key of Grey ” is a resource for new songwriters and producers who want to learn how to produce a quality product with a minimum of technical jargon . ”
And do n’t forget there are a lot of video tutorials available on Youtube .
Many tutorials from other sites also find their way here .
Just search !
Online Magazines and Blogs
Calling themselves “ The Worlds ’ Best Music Recording Magazine ” , the site is full of useful articles and reviews .
“ Welcome to SOUND ON SOUND , the world ’s premier music recording technology magazine .
Based in Cambridge , England and independently - owned , we ’ve been around since 1985 .
This web site houses our continually - expanding archive of highly informative articles ( from January 1994 ) that chart the impact of technology on the music production and recording processes . ”
Musicradar confidently calls itself “ The No. 1 website for musicians . ”
It has sections for guitar , tech and drums .
They have a forum , podcast and tuition section .
Their About page describes the site : “ Created by musicians for musicians , MusicRadar.com is the number one website for guitarists , drummers and producers .
Check out the latest gear updates and artist news .
Read expert reviews on the best new kit .
Play along with our expert video lessons or try our handy tips and projects .
Add on our blogs , podcasts , competitions and a vibrant forum and MusicRadar.com has everything the modern musician could want ! ”
A site with lots of great articles and reviews on everything audio .
“ It ’s quite simple .
Electronic music needs more juice .
More stories .
More entertainment .
More of that viking touch .
That ’s what we ’ll bring you .
We ’ve got a team of well known dj’s and producers as well as some you wo n’t be able to miss out on in the future .
And we ’re all on a mission : Bringing you the best up to date electronic music , the best stories from the industry and breaking news . ”
“ Beatportal aims to be the world ’s best electronic music blog and resource .
The blog offers up - to - the - minute news about electronic music , informed music recommendations , DJ technology news , remix competitions with top artists and labels , and live blogging coverage from the most important artist tours and industry events .
Beatportal ’s Beatwiki – an index of 72,000 + artists and 8000 + record labels – is the biggest publicly editable database for electronic music available online .
Beatportal is powered by the recognized leader in electronic music downloads , Beatport.com . ”
“ Remix educates DJs , engineers , producers , and performers of electronic music about the latest applications and new products specific to the electronic and urban music markets .
Remix is the premier consumer magazine in North America dedicated 100 percent to the tools , techniques , and production syles of electronic and urban artists .
“ Remix focuses on recording and live - performance gear , electronic musical instruments and music - production hardware and software for the electronic and urban music markets .
Remix also features comprehensive product news and reviews about music - production and live - performance gear as it hits the market .
“ Remix is the ultimate magazine devoted to keeping readers up - to - date on producing groundbreaking music : everything from house to hip - hop , trance to techno , experimental to electronica , drum ’n ’ bass to downtempo and all other underground sounds that evade categorization ”
“ Electronic Musician is the # 1 magazine in the U.S. for musicians who record and produce music in a home or personal studio environment .
Its editorial focuses on music - production technology and techniques for musicians .
It includes coverage of recording and live - performance equipment , electronic musical instruments , and music production hardware and software .
EM provides comprehensive product news and reviews on the latest equipment and services . ”
“ The popular pro-audio weblog with daily articles on creating music with computers , sequencers , plug-ins , synthesizers , microphones and more .
On going discussions about song writing , the music business , promotion , live performances , publishing , royalties and great music recommendations . ”
“ Tips , tricks and advice for home recording studio owners . ”
An audio blog by Tim Prebble .
“ Tim Prebble is a film sound designer & supervising sound editor based in Miramar , Wellington , New Zealand .
While most of his waking hours are spent working on film soundtracks other interests include making ambient / alaetorical music , collecting records , playing double bass , making electronic dubwise beats , planting sunflowers & wishing he was on holiday in Japan . ”
A blog about independent music business .
Blog and tutorials by a solo bass player .
Joe comments : “ Great tips and gear talk . ”
“ Daily musicians ’ news tips , gear , business and gossip . ”
Blog of Tom Cosm , who gives all of his music away for free .
The site includes video tutorials , and Ableton Live packs .
Interesting magazine about music production .
This is another great forum and website about audio gear .
“ Gearjunkies is a website dedicated to Gear enthusiasts , people who love to play with gear for electronic music production and DJ-ing .
The idea for Gearjunkies was born in 2002 by a group of three gear enthusiasts , and in 2003 we went online .
Ever since we are working on the website to create a humongous online information archive for everybody to use and to share . ”
Forums
Gearslutz is probably the most helpful forum you ’ll find on audio gear .
If you have a question about some gear , it ’s probably already been answered and discussed there .
If not , ask .
“ The # 1 Online Community for Musicians . ” A strong point is its detailed gear reviews by users .
Jon T comments : “ Great very friendly and fun forum . ”
Jon T comments : “ Home of the Mixerman Radio Show .
Tons to learn on the forum . ”
Resource Sites
This site contains lots of useful resources , including plug-ins .
The site includes lots of free downloads for music production .
Axl comments : “ Soft synths , gear and more . ”
Keyboard Sites
Great magazine with articles and tutorials for keyboard players .
Synth Sites
“ Everything synth . ” Ineresting synth site .
Synth forum .
“ Cats and modular synths , but mostly cats . ”
“ Analog synths and music from the world of Tara Busch . ”
Guitar Sites
This is a blog dedicated to guitars , and contains interviews , articles , gear reviews , music reviews , and lessons .
The site is put together by Peter Hodgson .
“ I ’m a guitarist and journalist from Melbourne , Australia .
I contribute to magazines including Mixdown , Australian Guitar and Australian Musician Magazine . ”
This is the first website I ’ve found to have a feature article on guitar toilet seats .
Put together by Audiotuts reader Jon , it contains everything you ever wanted to know about guitars ( and some things you did n’t ) .
The site ’s byline is “ Guitar news from the furthest corners of the interweb . ”
Sites for Listening to Music
This is a site where you can search for and play music in high quality , promote your band , and upload your music .
“ Grooveshark is a revolutionary music community that rewards users for sharing their music .
Grooveshark was founded by three University of Florida students hell - bent on changing the music industry , and the world , forever .
Grooveshark ’s goal is to compensate everyone in the value chain – from users to rights ’ holders .
Let us know if you are interested in joining Grooveshark . ”
A site where you can listen to music for free , and share yours with others .
“ As you might expect , over the years we ’ve grown tired of getting emails with YouSent
It links or FTP log -ins just to be able to check out our friends latest soon - to - be released tracks .
Not to mention how annoying it is to try and email a reply with some comprehensible feedback .
Music is just kind of tricky to deal with over email .
So , we thought we ’d change that .
SoundCloud is our way of doing it . ”
“ alonetone gives musicians a home for their music
unlimited distribution , sharing tools & warm fuzzies ”
Audiotuts reader Sudara comments : “ Free of advertising clutter & corporate stank – just a bunch of musicians putting their stuff up . ”
Commenter Raymi describes the site like this : “ I normally listen to http://www.flowmi.com, an Argentinian site that has a player called Flowcast which displays all kinds of music and remixes I love .
They also have articles for design fashion and new albums that come out on the market . ”
Music Stores
We ’ll cover places to buy your music online in more detail in a future article .
But here are a few sites mentioned in the comments to our Open Mic .
Beatport is an online music store with a focus on dance .
The site was a little slow to load , but seems very functional , and has a lot of tracks available .
“ Beatport is the recognized leader in electronic dance music downloads for DJs and club music enthusiasts .
Download high quality MP3s and WAV file formats .
Weekly top ten DJ Charts .
Buy from 600 k + tracks of House , Techno , Electro , Trance , Drum & Bass , Minimal , Dubstep and ten other dance music genres .
Ten free digital downloads to get you started . ”
Podcomplex are a music store , but not just a music store .
“ Podcomplex produces and distributes independent , high - quality , original music , video and multimedia . ”
They also have a blog with guides for using DAWs and producing music on a PC .
Schroeppel , NY - When Deanna Candee and her son , Adam , returned from a shopping trip Saturday to their Schroeppel home , they suspected something was wrong when they saw the garage door open .
Candee ’s home had been ransacked .
An intruder was still inside .
As her 25 - year - old son moved toward the cellar to check out a noise , Deanna , 48 , started into the house , said Wilson Candee , Deanna ’s father - in - law .
The intruder confronted her and grabbed her by the hair , Wilson Candee said .
Adam heard his mother scream , went to her aid and pulled the intruder off .
He and the stranger began to struggle .
The fight ended , Oswego County Sheriff 's officials said , when Deanna grabbed her pistol and shot the man .
Phoenix police found Timothy Hartigan , 39 , dead in a bedroom when they arrived shortly after 8:30 p.m. Saturday .
Sunday , Wilson Candee provided details about the struggle based on his conversations with Candee , his grandson , and investigators .
Candee legally owned the gun with which she shot Hartigan , sheriff ’s department officials said .
The sheriff ’s office , which identified Hartigan , said his permanent address is unknown .
They did not say from where in the home Deanna Candee got her pistol .
Oswego County First Assistant District Attorney Donald E. Todd said Sunday night the investigation is ongoing and that it would be premature to comment on whether charges may be filed .
Deputies asked anyone with information to call 349-3411 .
Deanna Candee returned home Sunday after being treated at Crouse Hospital for injuries suffered during the confrontation .
Adam Candee was treated for injuries at the scene , sheriff ’s officials said .
“ We are not going to talk at this time .
We ’re going to let the police finish their investigation , ” said Neal Candee , Deanna ’s husband , Adam ’s father , and Wilson ’s son .
“ This is still very traumatizing . ”
Wilson Candee said the intruder ’s motive did not appear to be theft .
Money left in a wallet was untouched and no articles appeared to have been gathered for removal , he said .
But he said he was told the house had been thoroughly vandalized with doors broken , glass smashed , and pictures and knick knacks knocked from the walls .
Cutlery was strewn along the hallway leading to the bedroom .
There also were signs that the intruder had cooked bacon and eggs , he said .
Hartigan had a history of mental illness , according to his former wife , Denise L. Cunningham , and a man answering the phone at Hartigan ’s mother ’s home who identified himself as Hartigan ’s brother - in - law .
When Hartigan was taking his medications he was a great guy , a good father to his two children and a good friend to many , Cunningham said .
He was artistic and enjoyed drawing and woodcarving , although he did less after he was diagnosed , she said .
“ When he was on his medicine he was a good person , ” Cunningham said .
“ He would never have dreamt of doing this . ”
Cunningham said her former husband was diagnosed a decade or so ago and recently had been treated at University Hospital .
“ His son and I had just gone to visit him ... we actually saw him a week ago today , ” Cunningham said .
The hospital released Hartigan on Tuesday , she said .
Hartigan ’s illness could not be learned Sunday .
A spokeswoman for the hospital declined to comment , citing privacy regulations .
Hartigan was no longer living at the downtown Syracuse YMCA , where he had resided about eight years , Cunningham said , and she did n’t know where he was living after his discharge .
She said she had no idea why he had gone to Schroeppel but speculated that his illness may have led him there .
“ I do n’t believe that he meant to do any stealing and I know he would n’t have done any harm to anyone if he was on his medicine , ” Cunningham said .
“ I know he would n’t .
He would n’t hurt a fly . ”
Krystal Wagner wonders if Hartigan tried to break into her house before going to the house of the Candees , her Hilltop Drive neighbors .
“ My dogs were barking and really freaking out , ” she said .
“ It was just me and the baby at home — it was a little before 8 . ”
Wagner , 22 , and her boyfriend , Michael Collier , were housesitting for her parents .
She said her boyfriend was out at the time .
He came home about 40 minutes later and the two decided to take the dogs for a walk .
“ All our pumpkins had been thrown all across the yard , ” she said .
“ Then I found out what had happened at the Candees . ”
Wagner said this is n’t the first time there ’s been a burglary in her quiet town of Schroeppel neighborhood .
About five years ago , “ our house was broken into .
Two guys had the window open but the German shepherd chased them away .
They ran up over the hill . ”
Wagner said she has lived next door to the Candees all her life and described them as a “ nice family . ”
She attended J.C. Birdlebough High School with the Candee sons and said Deanna Candee “ walks a lot ” in the neighborhood .
Contact John Mariani at jmariani@syracuse.com or 470-3105 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Australia 's koalas could be wiped out within 30 years unless urgent action is taken to halt a decline in population , according to researchers .
They say development , climate change and bushfires have all combined to send the numbers of wild koalas plummeting .
The Australian Koala Foundation said a recent survey showed the population could have dropped by more than half in the past six years .
Many have been killed by the sexually transmitted disease chlamydia .
Previous estimates put the number of koalas at more than 100,000 - but the latest calculations suggest there could now be as few as 43,000 .
The foundation collected field data from 1,800 sites and 80,000 trees to calculate the numbers .
KOALAS UNDER THREAT Face ' extinction ' within 30 years Numbers might have dropped by half Staple eucalyptus providing less nutrition Threatened by climate , development and sex diseases Source : Australian Koala Foundation
In one area in northern Queensland estimated to have 20,000 koalas a decade ago , a team of eight people could not find a single animal in four days of searching .
The foundation said as well as problems caused by deforestation , hotter , drier conditions attributed to global warming had reduced the nutritional value of their staple food , eucalyptus leaves , leading to malnutrition .
Koalas , which are confined to forests in Australia 's east and south , are notoriously fussy about what types of the leaves they eat .
Foundation chief Deborah Tabart said : " The koalas are missing everywhere we look .
It 's really no tree , no me .
If you keep cutting down trees you do n't have any koalas . "
Death adder
She is hoping the new figures will persuade the government 's Threatened Species Steering Committee ( TSSC ) to list the koala as threatened .
But committee chairman Bob Beeton said a decision was not likely until mid-2010 - and the koala 's status as one of the country 's favourite animals would not be a factor .
" There 's a number of species which are charismatic and emotionally charged .
We do n't consider that , " Mr Beeton was reported as saying by the AFP agency .
" We 'd consider the koala with the same level of diligence and dedication as if it were the death adder . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is not what I ’m supposed to be doing with my life .
I am wandering the wilderness of Cyrodiil , trying to find a shrine .
Or a figurine .
Or jumbo potatoes ( god- damned potato stealing - Troll ) .
I ’m having fun , of course , but is this why I ’m on this world ?
To wander aimlessly around , exploring nooks and crannies and talking to strangers ?
I ’ve got a purpose , people .
A reason to be here .
Sure , others may be fine with the mundane life : a house , a job , some kids , some gold coins , and a couple of spells that are useful around the house .
But I ’m special .
I should be saving the world .
I know exactly what I SHOULD be doing , too .
I should go and talk to Baurus , in the Imperial City .
He can give me information to help light the candles which will prevent Oblivion from encroaching .
But first , well … there ’s so many other cool things I could do !
I could go to the Arena , and fight .
That ’s a good way to let off some steam .
Or , since I ’m already in the town of Anvil , I may as well see if the Fighter ’s Guild needs anything done .
I tend to get pretty good loot from Fighter ’s Guild quests , and maybe that loot will help me , right ?
Crap .
I ’m doing it again .
Procrastinating .
It ’s not that I ’m rudderless , exactly .
I ’m definitely trying to better myself every day .
For instance , when I travel from place to place I jump up and down a lot , to increase my Athletics skill .
And there was that day that I cast Minor Life Detection 200 times so that I could increase my Mysticism skill .
So I ’m a better person than I was when I first left the Imperial City Prison , as a fresh - faced level 1 character .
But what do all those accomplishments add up to ?
I have n’t saved the world , that ’s for sure .
I ’ve saved individual people , and I ’ve even cleared out a few nasty dungeons .
But that ’s not what I ’m supposed to be doing , really .
I am wasting my fucking life doing side quests , when I should be completing the main quest .
Maybe there ’s someone in the Mage ’s Guild who can help .
I better question them all , and see if there ’s anything I can do for any of them .
Perhaps one of them has a Spell of Get Off Your Ass and Follow Your Dreams they can cast on me .
– Curtis Retherford
CUSTOMERS tend to agonise over the relative merits of different models of electronic goods such as digital cameras or plasma televisions .
But when they get to the till , many spend freely on something they barely think about at all : an extended warranty , which is often more profitable to the retailer than the device it covers .
Shoppers typically pay 10 - 50 % of the cost of a product to insure it beyond the term covered by the manufacturer 's guarantee .
The terms of these deals vary ( and there is often a great deal of fine print ) , but they usually promise to repair or replace a faulty device for between one and four years .
Yet products rarely break within the period covered , and repairs tend to cost no more than the warranty itself .
That makes warranties amazingly profitable : they generate over $ 16 billion annually for American retailers , according to Warranty Week , a trade journal .
So why , asks a paper published in the December issue of the Journal of Consumer Research , do so many consumers still buy extended warranties ?
The authors — Tao Chen of the University of Maryland , Ajay Kalra of Rice University and Baohong Sun of Carnegie Mellon University — examined purchase data from a big electronics retailer for over 600 households from November 2003 to October 2004 .
They concluded that the decision to buy a warranty had a great deal to do with a shopper 's mood .
If a customer is about to buy something fun ( ie , a plasma television rather than a vacuum cleaner ) , he will be more inclined to splash out on extra insurance .
This is because consumers value “ hedonic ” items over utilitarian ones , regardless of the actual price tag .
This is especially true if the item is on sale , as finding an unexpected bargain leaves buyers feeling flush and pleased .
The study also found that poorer consumers are more likely to buy “ potentially unnecessary and overpriced insurance ” , because they are more worried about the expense of replacing a product if it breaks .
The popularity of warranties should logically depend on the likelihood of a product 's failure , says Mr Kalra .
But although most policies go unused , he admits that the emotional tranquillity that comes with buying a new warranty is not in itself without value , even if “ rationally , it does n't make sense ” .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
On Oct. 21 , the incoming commander of the U.S. Pacific Command , Adm. Robert F. Willard , made a little - noticed but astonishing accusation to reporters in Seoul :
“ I would contend that in the past decade or so , China has exceeded most of our intelligence estimates of their military capability and capacity every year .
They ’ve grown at an unprecedented rate in those capabilities . ”
Very politely , the head of PACOM has accused the American intelligence community ( IC ) and , by extension , its political leadership , of failure to estimate correctly the capabilities and capacity of a nuclear - armed dictatorship with a history of hostility against all of its neighbors and the United States .
According to the admiral , this failure has gone on for 10 years .
This sort of public bomb - throwing is very rare in Washington , especially on China issues .
An informal survey of China specialists could n’t come up with a similar instance of a major official accusing the IC of 10 years of incompetency .
At least not in public .
To put it in perspective , suppose the head of the CIA told a pool of reporters , on the record , the following : “ Every year for the past 10 years or so , the United States Navy has mistaken China ’s military capabilities and capacity . ”
The Navy would be highly offended , as it should be , and its friends in Congress would be demanding investigations .
As Adm .
Willard ’s accusation has percolated through the China - watching community , the first question that inevitably comes up is , “ Was this cleared by the Obama administration or was he flying solo ? ”
Anyone who knows is n’t talking .
What is known is that the admiral has a deserved reputation of competency and a low threshold for tolerating fools .
Then the larger question comes up : What does Adm .
Willard know now that gives him the confidence to say 10 years of intelligence reporting on the Chinese military is wrong ?
Do we have a new source of intelligence on the People ’s Liberation Army that throws what we thought we knew out the window ?
And how big a failure is he implying ?
Have the IC ’s estimates been off by 10 percent ?
Twenty - five percent ?
More ?
He did n’t say .
“ Capability and capacity ” implies something more than mere numbers , so he may be indicating that the PLA ’s secret Assassin ’s Mace superweapons and tactics program may be further advanced than the IC thought .
Also , thanks to the U.S. - China Economic and Security Commission ’s new study of Chinese cyberwarfare , we are aware of increasing dangers there .
So , whatever the IC ’s errors have been , they probably are pretty big .
If we ’re talking about a substantial failure over a significant length of time , and we clearly are , have the oversight committees of Congress been briefed ?
In this case , they would be the House and Senate Armed Services , Foreign Relations and Intelligence committees as well as the Defense Appropriations subcommittees .
Potentially , millions of taxpayer dollars have gone down the drain producing very expensive misinformation .
During the 1970s and 1980s , there were rigorous disputes both inside and outside government on the size of the Soviet defense establishment .
When the Soviet Union fell , we discovered that all of our estimates had been far too low by multiple factors .
Fortunately , there were minimal deadly consequences from our underestimates .
Since the very early 1990s , there has been a similar debate among China specialists , again both inside and out of government and mostly in private , over the level of Chinese military capabilities and capacities .
Adm .
Willard has performed an important service by identifying the IC ’s underestimates of Chinese military capability and capacity before it is too late .
William C. Triplett II is a former chief Republican counsel to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Gerbil Physics cover art Xbox By whodagoose Watch
38 Favourites 53 Comments 8 K Views
UPDATE : Gerbil Physics just released under the Xbox Live Marketplace .
Game Marketplace > Indie Games > Browse All > " G "
Feel free to download the demo and give it a kind rating , I appreciate the support !
EDIT : Alright , final version .
There are less bombs at the bottom and I changed their inner shine to a deep cobalt blue .
The green flare on the laser has been reduced .
The explosion are darker outside and trails .
Any final thoughts ?
EDIT : This is now version 2 of the cover .
By all means , lay into me .
I 've gotten all sorts of useful feedback from folks about the first version .
Now this is a cleaner version with a larger title on bottom .
And bombs , lots of Acme bombs .
This is the cover art for the " Gerbil Physics " video game that will be coming to Xbox Live ' Indie Games ' this December .
So would seeing this on XBL entice you to download the demo ?
Seriously , give me your thoughts on this one .
I really need your input to make changes before this game goes live .
Thank you all so much for your love and support !
- Goose
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 584x700px 157.86 KB
Show More
Published : Nov 4 , 2009
Former Rebel Jose Mujica is Uruguay ’s Next President
Former guerilla rebel leader Jose Mujica won the presidential run-off elections of Uruguay , Sunday , November 29 , defeating former president Luis Alberto Lacalle who conceded in the name of national unity .
With polls showing results of 51.7 % Mujica and 44.1 % Lacalle , the former president conceded defeat saying that he did n’t want a divided country .
Mujica will take office on March 1 , 2010 and will serve for five years .
He ran with Danilo Astori as his vice president .
Mujica said that he will hand the running of the $ 32 billion Uruguayan economy to Astori , as he was a f0rmer Minister of Economy and Finances .
The president - elect vows to take a moderate path by continuing investor - friendly policies , improve education , reduce poverty and fight crime .
Mujica , 74 , led a revolt against a democratically elected government in the 1960s and early 1970s .
He was captured in 1972 and was released 14 years later under a general amnesty program .
He was a former Senator and a former Minister of Livestock , Agriculture , and Fisheries under the current President Tabare Vazquez .
The dig is part of a study into why and when Neanderthals became extinct Teeth and bones from late Ice Age animals , including hyenas , deer and woolly rhinos , have been discovered by archaeologists at a cave in Devon .
The dig at Kents Cavern , Torquay , also unearthed a 15,000 - year - old spearpoint , known as a " sagaie " , which is made from reindeer antler from the same era .
The spearpoint is thought to be the first complete one found in the UK .
The dig , organised by the University of Durham and the University of Sheffield , is part of a study into Neanderthals .
Improve understanding
The team at the helm of the privately - funded dig is trying to discover exactly when and why Neanderthals became extinct .
It is also hoping to discover when our own species first came to the UK and if it is connected to the death of Neanderthal Man , as well as finding out more about the nature of later Ice Age life in the cave .
Some items found during the dig are sent away , after cleaning , for radiocarbon dating to accurately check their age .
It is believed that the teeth and bones from the hyena could date back more than 25,000 years .
Teeth and bones from late Ice Age animals have been found in the cave Dr Paul Pettitt , senior lecturer in archaeology at the University of Sheffield , said : " Our excavation is still in its early days but has already unearthed excellently - preserved fossils and a spearpoint of antler from the Ice Age .
" Our research will dramatically improve our understanding of life between 10,000 and 50,000 years ago . "
Before the dig could go ahead , permission had to be sought from the government because Kents Cavern is the oldest recognisable human dwelling in Britain and is classed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The warning to agencies comes as President Barack Obama traveled to Asia where several nations , especially China , have expressed concerns about the size of U.S. deficits .
China is the largest foreign holder of U.S. Treasury securities and policymakers worry that alarm over deficits could push foreigners into cutting back on their purchases of Treasury debt .
White House budget director Peter Orszag said Friday that it is imperative to start curbing the flow of red ink in coming years so as not to erode the fledgling economic recovery .
But he called it a balancing act and said acting too fast could undercut the recovery .
Orszag would n't comment on the specifics of the upcoming Obama budget , which will be unveiled in February .
Democratic officials in the White House and on Capitol Hill say options for locking in budget savings include caps on the amount of money Congress gets to distribute each year for agency operating budgets .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity to frankly discuss internal deliberations .
" As part of that fiscal 2011 budget , we will be putting forward proposals that will put us back on a fiscally sustainable path and that have lower deficits , " Orszag said in a recent Associated Press interview .
" I 'm not going to get into the mix between spending and revenues .
Obviously deficit reduction requires some combination of those two . "
On Thursday , the government reported that the federal deficit hit a record for October as the new budget year began .
The Treasury Department said the deficit for October totaled $ 176.4 billion , even higher than the $ 150 billion imbalance that economists expected .
The deficit for the 2009 budget year , which ended on Sept. 30 , set an all - time record in dollar terms of $ 1.42 trillion .
That was $ 958 billion above the 2008 deficit , the previous record holder .
Note : this is not seasonally adjusted .
There is a very distinct seasonal pattern for imports , but not for exports .
LA area ports handle about 40 % of nation 's container port traffic .
Sometimes port traffic gives us an early hint of changes in the trade deficit .
The following graph shows the loaded inbound and outbound traffic at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in TEUs ( TEUs : 20 - foot equivalent units or 20 - foot - long cargo container ) .
Although containers tell us nothing about value , container traffic does give us an idea of the volume of goods being exported and imported .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Loaded inbound traffic was 13.1 % below November 2008 .
( - 15.1 % over last three months )
Loaded outbound traffic was 11.4 % above November 2008 .
( +0.8 % three months average )
U.S. exports fell off a cliff in November 2008 , but it took a little longer for imports to decline sharply ( because the ships were already underway ) .
There was a clear recovery in U.S. exports earlier this year ; however exports have been mostly flat since May .
Still this year will be the 3rd best year for export traffic at LA area ports , behind 2007 and 2008 .
For imports , traffic is below the November 2003 level , and 2009 will be the weakest year for import traffic since 2002 .
Note : Imports usually peak in the August through October period ( as retailers import goods for the holidays ) and then decline in November .
The lack of further export growth to Asia is definitely discouraging .
The page you are looking for no longer exists or has been renamed .
Please select from the menu above .
Now available !
ORDER A COPY :
Meet Dave on tour !
Share This Site :
Firefox blocks pop-up windows .
It 's more secure against viruses and spyware .
It keeps Microsoft from controlling the future of the internet .
It 's better for web designers and developers .
Features like tabbed browsing make reading webpages easier .
Click the button on the right to download Firefox .
It 's free .
In this interview , Big Bill gets distracted and reveals his contempt for you , his loyal customer .
Note : this page is also available in Italiano , Español , and Japanese .
In an interview for German weekly magazine FOCUS ( nr.43 , October 23,1995 , pages 206- 212 ) , Microsoft`s Mr. Bill Gates has made some statements about software quality of MS products .
[ See executive summary , below . ]
After lengthy inquiries about how PCs should and could be used ( including some angry comments on some questions which Mr. Gates evidently did not like ) , the interviewer comes to storage requirements of MS products ; it ends with the following dispute : FOCUS : Every new release of a software which has less bugs than the older one is also more complex and has more features ...
Gates :
No , only if that is what 'll sell !
FOCUS : But ...
Gates :
Only if that is what 'll sell !
We 've never done a piece of software unless we thought it would sell .
That 's why everything we do in software ... it 's really amazing :
We do it because we think that 's what customers want .
That 's why we do what we do .
FOCUS : But on the other hand - you would say : Okay , folks , if you do n't like these new features , stay with the old version , and keep the bugs ?
Gates : No !
We have lots and lots of competitors .
The new version - it 's not there to fix bugs .
That 's not the reason we come up with a new version .
FOCUS : But there are bugs an any version which people would really like to have fixed .
Gates : No !
There are no significant bugs in our released software that any significant number of users want fixed .
FOCUS : Oh , my God .
I always get mad at my computer if MS Word swallows the page numbers of a document which I printed a couple of times with page numbers .
If I complain to anybody they say " Well , upgrade from version 5.11 to 6.0 " .
Gates : No !
If you really think there 's a bug you should report a bug .
Maybe you 're not using it properly .
Have you ever considered that ?
FOCUS : Yeah , I did ...
Gates :
It turns out Luddites do n't know how to use software properly , so you should look into that .
--
The reason we come up with new versions is not to fix bugs .
It 's absolutely not .
It 's the stupidest reason to buy a new version I ever heard .
When we do a new version we put in lots of new things that people are asking for .
And so , in no sense , is stability a reason to move to a new version .
It 's never a reason .
FOCUS : How come I keep being told by computer vendors " Well , we know about this bug , wait till the next version is there , it 'll be fixed " ?
I hear this all the time .
How come ?
If you 're telling me there are no significant bugs in software and there is no reason to do a new version ?
Gates : No . I 'm saying :
We do n't do a new version to fix bugs .
We do n't .
Not enough people would buy it .
You can take a hundred people using Microsoft Word .
Call them up and say " Would you buy a new version because of bugs ? "
You wo n't get a single person to say they 'd buy a new version because of bugs .
We 'd never be able to sell a release on that basis .
FOCUS : Probably you have other contacts to your software developers .
But if Mister Anybody , like me , calls up a store or a support line and says , " Hey listen , there 's a bug " ... 90 percent of the time I get the answer " Oh , well , yeah , that 's not too bad , wait to the next version and it'll be fixed " .
That 's how the system works .
Gates :
Guess how much we spend on phone calls every year .
FOCUS : Hm , a couple of million dollars ?
Gates : 500 million dollars a year .
We take every one of these phone calls and classify them .
That 's the input we use to do the next version .
So it 's like the worlds biggest feedback loop .
People call in - we decide what to do on it .
Do you want to know what percentage of those phonecalls relates to bugs in the software ?
Less than one percent .
FOCUS : So people call in to say " Hey listen , I would love to have this and that feature " ?
Gates :
Actually , that 's about five percent .
Most of them call to get advice on how to do a certain thing with the software .
That 's the primary thing .
We could have you sit and listen to these phone calls .
There are millions and millions of them .
It really is n't statistically significant .
Sit in and listen to Win 95 calls , sit in and listen to Word calls , and wait , just wait for weeks and weeks for someone to call in and say " Oh , I found a bug in this thing " .
...
FOCUS : So where does this common feeling of frustration come from that unites all the PC users ?
Everybody experiences it every day that these things simply do n't work like they should .
Gates : Because it 's cool .
It 's like , " Yeah , been there done that - oh , yeah , I know that bug . " - I can understand that phenomenon sociologically , not technically .
Executive Summary : So ...
Bug reports are statistically , therefore actually , unimportant ;
If you want a bug fixed , you are ( by definition ) in the minority ;
Microsoft does n't care about bugs because bug fixes are not a significant source of revenue ;
If you think you found a bug , it really only means you 're incompetent ;
Anyway , people only complain about bugs to show how cool they are , not because bugs cause any real problems .
Straight from the horse 's mouth .
The funniest fanboy letter so far was curiously deep , in its way .
More information ....
( Not all software is as unreliable as Microsoft's .
For example , PCs running GNU / Linux or NetBSD often run for many months without need to reboot for any reason . )
Text for this page is extracted from the RISKS archive : < http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Risks/17.44.html>
This is the raw interview transcript ( from which the magazine article was transcribed in German ) kindly provided by the interviewer , Dr. Jürgen Scriba .
The introductory text at the top is from Klaus Brunnstein , as found in < http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Risks/17.43.html> .
( A big Thank You to Drs. Scriba , Brunnstein , Neumann , and Marshall for making this material available , to Michele Beltrame for the Italian translation , to Iñaky Peréz Gonzáles for the castellano translation , and SHINYAMA Yusuke < euske ( at ) cl.cs.titech.ac.jp > for the Japanese translation . )
If you maintain a web page , you are encouraged to make a link to this one .
Location : Monroe , Louisiana , USA
Thunder came to us in April of this year .
He was the runt of the litter of four .
His dad , the roaming feral BlondieCat , had fathered Thunder ’s sister , KatKat , who adopted me last year by simply showing up at my doorstep one sunny afternoon , flicking up her tail , letting out a short mrew ? , and sliding past me , into the living room where she plopped down expectantly : feed me !
Play with me !
Bring me treats !
Thunder ’s journey was a little bit more complicated .
The neighbor ’s unspayed female had gotten out earlier this year , and BlondieCat , ever the neighborhood Casanova , took advantage of the situation , with predictable results , one of which was Thunder .
Now , the neighbors had no intentions of keeping the kittens and asked if I would be interested in adopting one .
I was , and when I took a peek at the litter , with little Thunder in his gray , glorious fluffyness , I pointed at him and said : “ That one ! ”
I had to wait several weeks for Thunder to be weaned and to be ready to leave his mom and brothers and sisters , but one afternoon , the neighbor walked over , Thunder cupped in his hands , and said : “ Here ’s Thunder .
Oh !
He has fleas … uhm … well , uh , gotta run ! ”
That was the last I saw of the neighbor .
And what I saw of Thunder : literally covered in fleas , tiny , shivering , meowing .
Worried about the fleas getting on KatKat and about Thunder ’s general absence of health , I bathed him several times to try to get rid of the fleas .
Poor Thunder !
The first night at the new home turned into the hour of terror .
Repeated dosing with wet stuff , followed by vigorous rubbing in a terry cloth : victory over the fleas was finally achieved .
Exhausted , Thunder fell asleep , cradled in my neck , purring to comfort himself and occasionally blinking open an eye to assure himself I was still there .
The next morning I took him to our vet who thought Thunder was so malnourished and bled by the fleas he might have lasting neurological problems .
I realized Thunder had problems walking in a straight line and keeping his head up without shaking , and it became obvious to me that Thunder might be a special needs kitten .
So be it !
Well , the vet treated Thunder for dehydration and worms and then encouraged me to syringe - feed him until he was strong enough to feed himself – which I did for about two weeks , and then something amazing happened : Thunder began to “ perk up ” and assert his independence .
He started wobbling over to KatKat ’s feeding bowl , scampered upstairs to the litter box , took an interest in jingle balls and crinkle mousies .
He started to hold his head up straight and without shaking .
Not only did he walk , he ran , jumped , backflipped .
He is about four months old now , still small for his age , but a purring machine , full of boundless energy , enjoying new discoveries ( like cheese and icecubes ! ) and thundering with KatKat up and downstairs many times a day , living up to the full potential of his name !
By David Bratzer
Why is the Vancouver Police Department trying to manipulate the Senate of Canada ?
On December 8 , one day before a key vote , the department issued a statement opposing minor amendments to Bill C - 15 .
The proposed law would create mandatory minimum sentences for certain drug offences .
Numerous policy experts have criticized the bill , stating that it will do nothing to address the crime , addiction , disease , and death generated by the black market for illegal drugs .
A Senate committee studied the legislation and suggested a few modest changes .
Inspector Brad Desmarais responded by announcing the amendments would “ create a huge industry ” of small marijuana grows designed to skirt the mandatory minimums .
It is true that the number of plants now required for a mandatory jail term has increased from the initial quantity of six , but this change will not affect residential areas .
Another section of the bill already ensures that marijuana grows in those neighborhoods will result in a nine - month jail sentence , provided they pose a “ potential public safety hazard ” .
This vague and broadly worded clause should be easy to prove in court , particularly as law - enforcement officials have spent years talking about the dangers of clandestine marijuana operations .
The provision regarding rental properties also remains intact .
Canadians who live in basement suites or small apartments will receive a minimum prison sentence of nine months if they grow any number of marijuana plants — even one — for the purpose of trafficking .
This will ensnare working folks and college students who ca n’t afford their own homes but still grow small amounts of cannabis for themselves and a few friends .
Of course , these are the very people who have chosen to obtain their drug of choice in a manner that avoids contact with gangsters and organized crime .
Rank and file police officers will be saddled with investigating these micro-grows .
Officers will put genuine police work on hold in order to deal with civil matters presented in the form of “ intelligence ” about the drug trade .
For example , a landlord might be looking for an excuse to kick out his tenants and increase the rent .
He will call the police about a couple of innocuous plants sitting on the window sill .
Another man seeking custody of his children will demand officers investigate the tiny grow in his ex-wife ’s new home .
Clearly , the amended Bill C - 15 still casts a wide net against small producers who participate in one of British Columbia ’s largest and most profitable industries .
Yet the modified bill is not good enough for Inspector Desmarais .
He wants the government to have even more power and control over the lives of ordinary citizens .
His ideal justice system would force a judge to send an elderly retired couple to jail for six months .
Their crime ?
Profiting from seven or eight marijuana plants grown in the backwoods of their own rural property .
This is not a wise or effective use of criminal law .
Every Canadian who cares about the principles of liberty and limited government should be deeply concerned about this intrusion by the state .
And we should all be worried about the tax burden that will result from increasing marijuana enforcement during a time of deficit spending .
Illegal marijuana grow operations are a real problem , but the solution is to regulate and tax the industry .
One can only hope that someday a major political party will have the courage to fight an election on this issue , particularly as national polls consistently show that more than 50 percent of Canadians want to end cannabis prohibition .
Grassroots support is likely even higher in British Columbia and Quebec — two key battlegrounds in any future election campaign .
In the meantime , we are stuck with ham - handed intrusions from police agencies hawking a drug policy that has failed for decades .
The VPD ’s media release came after the federal minister of justice , Rob Nicholson , called on the Opposition leader to “ lean on these people ” in the Senate .
The vote passed anyway , 49 to 43 , in spite of the last - minute lobbying from law enforcement .
When will public - safety organizations realize that Canada needs a drug policy based on ethics and evidence , rather than political opportunity ?
David Bratzer is a police officer in British Columbia .
He also manages the blog for Law Enforcement Against Prohibition .
The opinions expressed in his essay are entirely his own .
A photographer in the Serengeti has captured spectacular footage of a group of hippos attacking a crocodile in this galleries .
These explosive pictures show the moment a hasty crocodile just like a Kittens was killed after getting trapped in a maze of angry hippos .
The spectacularly rare battle of the beasts was caught on camera by stunned wildlife photographer Vaclav Silha .
The 45 - year - old Czech got the shock of his life after setting up his camera on the banks of the Nile river in the Serengeti National Park , Tanzania , to take snaps of a huge group of 50 hippos bathing in the river .
A colossal fight broke out between the group and a sneaky crocodile that strayed too close to a mother with calves .
The unlucky crocodile ’s armoured body was no match for the raging hippos – one of the most aggressive creatures in the animal kingdom that can apply several tons of pressure in a single bite .
One of these pictures was originally published in the November issue of BBC Wildlife Magazine .
Check more Daily News
Posted on 01 November 2009
by Paul Ballonoff
Posted on 01 November 2009
The interest of the current administration in creating a federal national health care program , has provoked discussion of whether the federal government has sufficient power to do so .
Often , the discussion is phrased as whether “ the government ” has sufficient power .
Others have asked if the federal government has the power to compel individuals to purchase health insurance .
My article ( “ Limits to Regulation due to the Interaction of the Patent and Commerce Clause ” , in CATO Journal , Vol. 20 , No. 3 , Winter 2001 , pages 401 – 423 ) , gives an insight into both questions , by answering this one : why does the so - called “ patent clause ” of the federal constitution , not use the word “ patent ” ?
If the word “ patent ” meant what we currently mean by that term , then the clause could have simply stated the relevant power by saying the federal government can issue patents .
Instead , the “ patent clause ” carefully states that the Congress has the power to issue exclusive rights for a limited time to authors or inventors .
It does not use the word “ patent ” at all .
As reviewed in that article , this use of words tells us a great deal about the purposes and structure of the federal constitution .
Citing principal legal scholars of the day , the article shows that at the time the federal constitution was written , the word “ patent ” actually had a much broader meaning .
It referred to any government grant of an economic right , called in the article a “ general patent power ” .
Of course if the federal government can grant such rights without limit , we would not need to ask if the federal government has such power over health care .
Yet we ask .
On the other hand , when the US states have created health care programs , or otherwise regulated matters like health insurance , the existence of that power in a state has been little questioned .
And note : this common understanding is consistent with the 10th Amendment to the federal constitution , that powers not enumerated to the federal Congress are reserved to the states respectively or to the people .
So looking carefully at the choice of words in the “ patent clause ” tells us a great deal on what the federal government cannot do .
The only general patent power granted by the federal constitution to the federal Congress is the specifically described power to create what we today call patents .
All other aspects of the general patent power were not given to the federal government , so if exercised at all could be done only by states .
For example , the states can , and normally do , protect the general welfare by requiring holders of driver licenses ( issue of which is a proper exercise of a general patent power by a state government ) to also buy accident insurance .
The federal government however does not regulate drivers or issue of driver licenses within the jurisdiction of any state .
Given this careful allocation of general patent powers , principally to the states , what then is the role if any of the federal government in matters of commerce ?
Since the word “ patent ” when the federal constitution was written refers to allocation of economic rights , and those powers generally were reserved to states ( or the people ) , then the commerce language of the federal constitution cannot be interpreted as a general allocation of such power to the federal government .
Had that been the intent , the simple grant to Congress of a power to issue patents , without any other words , would have been sufficient .
Now , the federal commerce clause ( Article I , Section 8 of the federal constitution ) says that Congress has the power : “ to regulate commerce with foreign nations , and among the several States , and with the Indian tribes . ”
But we just saw that Congress has no power to regulate commerce among the several States by the use of an exclusive federal grant of markets , or indeed to allocate those markets , because to do so in that form would be to exercise a power ( the “ general patent power ” ) not granted .
Since the Congress has no power to allocate economic rights ( except what today we call patents ) , therefore , the commerce language must have some other meaning .
But that meaning also is not a mystery .
A review of other powers of the federal government in relation to states , shows that the role of the federal government is to prevent overly restrictive use of powers by the states .
Thus , in commerce among the several states , ( “ interstate commerce ” ) the role of the federal government was not to allocate rights , but to prevent the states from unduly closing commerce when they exercise their own powers to allocate rights .
This fact is consistent with the historical problem of the day , when states had often done exactly that , to the detriment of the general welfare of all .
The “ general welfare ” words of the federal constitution in no sense changes this separation of powers .
The federal government protects the general welfare by preventing excesses of exercise of power by the states .
The details of those arguments are laid out in the referenced article .
The application to the health care debate seems straight forward : the states can require health insurance or not , as each may choose ; the states could create state supported systems of health care for their citizens , if they choose .
The federal government can do neither .
What the federal government might do is this : if in the exercise of their rights to regulate health insurance or provide it , the states create rules that obstruct commerce in health care , then the Congress can prevent such obstruction .
It is not simply ironic that the one thing the Congress might be able to constitutionally do with regard to health care , to remove obstruction to competitive access , is not among those included in the proposed legislation .
Paul A. Ballonoff operates Ballonoff Network in Alexandria , VA .
Copyright © 2009 , Paul A. Ballonoff
BRUSSELS —
The European Commission is expected to introduce a plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that directs the largest slices of € 50 billion available for research and development to solar power and capturing and burying emissions from coal plants .
The plan , to be released on Wednesday , is partly intended to show that the European Union is taking the additional steps needed to meet ambitious goals to cut greenhouse gases before a summit meeting in Copenhagen in December on reaching a new global agreement to curb climate change .
But the plan also signals the need for a reordering of the bloc ’s industrial priorities by requiring governments to spend significantly greater sums of money on clean energy even as the world emerges from a deep financial crisis .
“ Markets and energy companies acting on their own are unlikely to be able to deliver the needed technological breakthroughs within a sufficiently short time span to meet the E.U. ’s energy and climate policy goals , ” the commission said in a draft of the plan obtained by the International Herald Tribune .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Large Hadron Collider experiment has re-started after a 14 - month hiatus while the machine was being repaired .
Engineers have made two stable proton beams circulate in opposite directions around the machine , which is in a tunnel beneath the French - Swiss border .
The team may try to increase the £ 6bn ( $ 10 bn ) collider 's energy to record - breaking levels this weekend .
The LHC is being used to smash together beams of protons in a bid to shed light on the nature of the Universe .
It is the world 's largest machine and is housed in a 27 km - long circular tunnel .
During the experiment , scientists will search for signs of the Higgs boson , a sub-atomic particle that is crucial to our current understanding of physics .
Although it is predicted to exist , scientists have never found it .
It happened faster than anyone could have dreamed of , everything went very smoothly
James Gillies
Cern
In pictures : LHC restarts Large Hadron Collider : Guide Q&A : Fixing a particle smasher The LHC : worth the wait ?
Dozens of giant superconducting magnets that accelerate the particles at almost the speed of light have had to be replaced after faults developed just days after the collider was inaugurated last year .
Operated by the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( Cern ) , the LHC will create similar conditions to those which were present moments after the Big Bang .
The BBC's Pallab Ghosh in Geneva says the restart of the collider was the moment the scientists had been waiting for .
It means they can once again go in search of the new discoveries they believe will roll back the frontiers of understanding our universe , says our correspondent .
" It 's great to see beams circulating in the LHC again , " said Cern 's director - general Rolf Heuer .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " We 've still got some way to go before physics can begin , but with this milestone we 're well on the way . "
Record attempt
The beams themselves are made up of " packets " - each about a metre long - containing billions of protons .
But they would disperse if left to their own devices .
Electrical forces had to be used to " capture " the protons .
This keeps them tightly huddled in packets , for a stable , circulating beam .
Engineers had not been expected to try for a circulating beam before 0600 GMT on Saturday .
This giant machine part will try to detect the elusive Higgs boson James Gillies , Cern 's director of communications , told BBC News : " It happened faster than anyone could have dreamed of . "
" Everything went very smoothly . "
The first beam was sent all the way round the LHC 's circumference 100 m underground after 1930 GMT on Friday .
Engineers captured this clockwise - circulating beam at 2100 GMT .
A second anti-clockwise beam made a full circle of the LHC at 2153 GMT and was captured at 2310 GMT .
Dr Gillies said that if everything continued to go well , Cern might try to reach a record - breaking beam energy of 1.2 trillion electron volts this weekend .
Only the Tevatron particle accelerator in Chicago , US , has approached this energy , operating at just under one trillion electron volts .
But other team members want to keep the beam circulating at low energy and try for the machine 's first proton beam collisions .
" The LHC is a far better understood machine than it was a year ago , " said Steve Myers , Cern 's director for accelerators .
" We 've learned from our experience , and engineered the technology that allows us to move on .
That 's how progress is made . "
1 - 14 quadrupole magnets replaced 2 - 39 dipole magnets replaced 3 - More than 200 electrical connections repaired 4 - Over 4 km of beam pipe cleaned 5 - New restraining system installed for some magnets 6 - Hundreds of new helium ports being installed around machine 7 - Thousands of detectors added to early warning system
There are some 1,200 superconducting magnets which form the LHC 's main " ring " .
These magnets bend proton beams in opposite directions around the tunnel at close to the speed of light .
At allotted points around the tunnel , the proton beams cross paths , smashing into one another with enormous energy .
Large " detector " machines located at the crossing points will scour the wreckage of these collisions for discoveries that should extend our knowledge of physics .
Engineers first circulated a beam all the way around the LHC on 10 September 2008 .
But just nine days later , an electrical fault in one of the connections between superconducting magnets caused a tonne of liquid helium to leak into the tunnel .
Liquid helium is used to cool the LHC to its operating temperature of 1.9 kelvin ( - 271C ; - 456 F ) .
The machine has been shut down ever since the accident , to allow repairs to take place .
Professor Norman McCubbin , from the UK's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in Didcot , added : " I 'm sure every particle physicist has been feeling just a little bit impatient as the ' re - start ' of the LHC has drawn nearer .
It 's great to see beams circulating again . "
The damage caused to the collider meant 53 superconducting magnets had to be replaced and about 200 electrical connections repaired .
Engineers have also been installing a new early warning system which could prevent incidents of the kind which shut down the experiment .
Cern has spent some 40 m Swiss Francs ( £ 24 m ) on repairs to the collider .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A pirate ship slices through space in concept art from the lost Dune movie of the 1970s .
Artist Chris
Foss crafted covers for some of science fiction 's greatest books , reshaping how we see spaceships and robots .
Check out our gallery .
Advertisement
Artist Chris
Foss is known for his visionary presentation of future technology and weird vistas .
He illustrated many book covers in the 70s , 80s and 90s including the Lensman series , Isaac Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy , and Jack Vance 's Demon Princes novels .
His covers frequently feature spaceships that are sturdier and chunkier than the usual sleek space rockets you see on many other book covers of the time .
His cool vision of the future led him to be asked to work on production designs for Alejandro Jodorowsky 's uncompleted Dune movie , in the mid 1970s , and later on Ridley Scott 's Alien and Superman : The Movie .
Advertisement
As Alejandro Jodorowsky said in 1977 :
And thus were born the mimetic spaceships , the leather and dagger - studded machines of the fascist Sardaukers ;- the pachydermatous geometry of Emperor Padishah 's golden planet ; the delicate butterfly plane and so many other incredible machines , which I am sure will one day populate interstellar space .
Chris
Foss knows that today 's technical reality is tomorrow 's falsehood .
Chris also knows that today 's pure art is tomorrow 's reality .
Man will conquer space mounted on Foss ' spaceships , never in NASA 's concentration camps of the spirit .
I was grateful for the existence of my friend .
He brought the colours of the apocalypse to the sad machines of a future without imagination .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He has a website , ChrisFossArt.com , where you can see more of his work and buy signed prints of all of these images .
And he has a group on Facebook , where you can keep up with his projects .
Top : Pirate Ship , From Jodorowsky 's Dune .
Advertisement
Harkonnen 's flagship , From Jodorowsky 's Dune .
Advertisement
Spice transport , from Dune .
Advertisement
Emperor 's palace , from Dune .
Advertisement
Guild Tug , from Dune .
Advertisement
Breaking the Light Barrier
Advertisement
Awesome space image .
Advertisement
Awesome spaceship .
Advertisement
Image for ConceptShips blog .
Advertisement
Awesome spaceship .
Advertisement
Amazing space image .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
No , this slogan is n't a typo , and yes , the English - speaking Nokia reps were extremely embarrassed about it .
The best part ?
The phrase is written everywhere at this booth , from t- shirts to rebranded cans of soup .
More idiom - related wackiness post - jump .
Advertisement
The tagline is actually advertising Nokia 's " Point and Find " service , which is a sort of user - or corporate - generated phototagging system combined with a barcode tagger .
Take a picture of your shoes , or a painting , or whatever , add in a link to its Wikipedia page or shopping link , and then whenever anyone snaps a photo of that item , they 'll see your links .
But retail companies can also tag their own products , so the system can be used for any item in their stores , and if worse comes to worst , you can always just scan a 2D barcode .
The slogan idea is kind of a ripoff of those eBay ads from three years ago that used the tagline " Find Your It . "
Unfortunately , whoever decided on " TAG YOUR IT " evidently did not go to elementary school in an English - speaking country .
Advertisement
Nothing succeeds like excess !
The earlier mental_floss article Food Challenges for the Super Hungry , Super Competitive or Super Cheap celebrated foods that are excessive in size .
Now we turn to foods that are excessive because of what they are made of .
People love to tinker with food .
If you like two kinds of food , why not put them together ?
Just because they do n't normally appear at all similar is no reason to shy away from combining them !
Or you find one taste that you love , you can go completely overboard with it .
And you can take something normal and traditional and stand it on its head to suit your own tastes .
1. The Luther Burger
One of the specialties served at Mulligan's , a bar in Decatur , Georgia is the Luther Vandross Burger .
This may have been conceived by the late Luther Vandross , or just named in honor of him .
It 's a bacon cheeseburger served between two Krispy Kreme donuts .
Several restaurants now carry the " donut burger "  .
Some recipes specify the Luther Burger must include a full pound of beef , as in the homemade versions shown here .
( update : Tim left a comment telling us Mulligan 's is no longer in business .
If there 's a resturant near you serving these , let us know ! )
2. McDonalds Pizza
I hope you are enjoying the holidays .
From what I read , a number of people received an Amazon Kindle as a gift this year .
While standing in line at the post office the other day , I noticed a woman in front of me who was reading on her Amazon Kindle .
My wife has been interested in one for a long time , so I gave her one .
Also I saw a message on twitter from my blogger friend Sylvia saying that she too received a Kindle for Christmas .
Hearing about so many new Kindles sparked my curiosity , so I did a little research using Google .
I learned that JP Morgan estimates that some 10 million Americans either own one of these Amazon e-book readers or plan to get one soon .
Another analyst said , " the Kindle is becoming the iPod of the book world . ”
Users seem to like that the Amazon Kindle is lighter and easier to hold than a mass - market paperback .
Also , it weighs just 10 ounces , meaning users can bring many books with them on a trip using their Kindle , while eliminating many pounds from their bag and the resulting luggage fees .
Pricing for books is also excellent , with mass - market paperbacks selling for around six dollars and older titles selling for as little as three dollars .
At these prices , the Amazon Kindle version of a book is comparable in price to buying a used book .
Kindle users also tend to be older and have significantly higher education .
I 've read about a few aviation uses of the Amazon Kindle for pilots but wondered which were being used the most .
Therefore , I put together a short survey that 's intended for all pilots , whether they currently own an Amazon Kindle or not .
Please take a minute to take this very short survey .
Note :
If you answer No , you do n't own a Kindle , the survey will be very short , saving you time .
However you can still see all of the survey questions ( and the results ) by clicking on the Results link below .
Feel free to post in the comments at the bottom of this article about your aviation Kindle experiences .
Also , you can click on this link to see a summary of results from everyone who 's taken the survey so far .
Have fun reading !
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
After a century buried in the Antarctic ice , a rare batch of whisky that belonged to the polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton is to be recovered .
So what might it taste like ?
In need of a drink - Ernest Shackleton , left , and fellow crew It 's been on the rocks for the last 100 years , buried under two feet of Antarctic ice .
Now the two cases of " Rare Old " brand Mackinlay and Co whisky are to be retrieved .
A team of New Zealand explorers heading out in January has been asked by Whyte & Mackay , the company that now owns Mackinlay and Co , to get a sample of the drink .
The crates were left behind by Sir Ernest Shackleton when he abandoned his mission to the South Pole in 1909 .
The cases were discovered again by polar explorers in 2006 , but could n't be removed as they were too deeply embedded in ice .
Now the team plans to use special drills to rescue a sample .
But what might it taste like ?
THE ANSWER
It will taste the same as it did 100 years ago if it has been stored upright
If the cork has stayed in place Any cloudiness due to low temperature will fade when it is heated
Shackleton 's whisky to be dug up A whisky can survive indefinitely and taste the same if it is stored correctly , says a spokesman for specialist drinks company The Whisky Exchange .
It should not be exposed to light or heat , which change the colour of the whisky and make it fade .
Most importantly the bottle should be kept upright , unlike wine .
" This is because alcohol erodes cork over time , " says the spokesman .
" Whisky is about four times stronger than wine so if it is in contact with the cork it will damage it quite quickly .
Peaty taste " The alcohol vapour in the bottle should be sufficient to keep the cork moist and prevent it from drying out and air getting in .
If whisky is being stored for any length of time you may have to wet the cork occasionally , but even then only once or twice a year . "
Ok , it wo n't look like this Extremely low temperatures , like those in the Antarctic , will make the whisky cloudy , but this should fade when it is warmed up , says David Stewart , a master blender at distillers William Grant & Sons Ltd .
" If these bottles have been stored upright there is every chance they will be drinkable , " he says .
The fact the temperature will have been consistently low will also work in the whisky 's favour .
Fluctuating temperatures are worse because they cause the cork to contract and expand , which could allow air in .
If the whisky is drinkable , experts say it will taste different from what is on sale today .
This is because the " Rare Old " brand of Mackinlay is not made any more .
Also , different casks are used to make whisky now and it is blended differently .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines " Whiskies back then - a harder age - were all quite heavy and peaty as that was the style , " says Whyte & Mackay 's master blender Richard Paterson .
If the team of explorers are unable to retrieve a full bottle , they are hoping to use a syringe to extract some of the contents .
" We might get enough to be able to take a stab at recreating it , " says Mr Paterson .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I once tried some whiskey a friend acquired fortuitously that was a 12 yr old batch that was some 50 yrs . old .
Whether it was a good batch of whiskey in particular , i'm not certain ; but it was amazing !
Would pay some good money to try 100 yr. whiskey regardless what experts say !
Brian j. mucha , buffalo , new york USA
After 100 years , keep the whisky on ice .
Its from a bygone age , let sleeping dogs lie .
Sombody might try to make millions out of the find .
C M Sherriff , totnes devon uk I think it will be a complete waste of time as the whisky will have turned to water through condensation , and not having the cork wetted every couple of years .
Also , the whisky will have expanded and will have been in contact with the cork and damaged it .
Joihn , durham I like to have a whisky to relax after a hard 's days work .
This is a blend no longer made , so if they can get a sample .
I for one would be more than happy to try it .
That is if they could recreate it , to as near the original blend .
John Williams , Barnsley South Yorks United Kingdom
Wow , have always been interested in Shackleton 's story and this is such a fun twist to the tale .
Would love to taste the whiskey and its interesting to know that it was a stronger taste back then .
Melanie , chelmsford
Do they need any volunteers for the tasting ?
Brian , Dingwall
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Shortly after NASA 's LCROSS probe slammed into a crater in the polar region of the Moon , the Agency held a press conference to announce that it had obtained significant amounts of data from the collision .
Unfortunately , to the frustration of many present , it was n't ready to interpret that data .
That reticence ended today , as NASA held a press conference in which it announced that the data contains unambiguous evidence of water , present in what it termed " significant quantities . "
But the signal from water is n't the only one lurking in the data , and NASA is remaining coy about what the other signals indicate .
Back in October , the LCROSS mission sent two objects crashing into the Cabeus crater , which has an interior that is permanently shadowed due to its location in the Moon 's polar region .
The first was a heavy booster rocket ; its collision was imaged by instruments on the actual LCROSS probe , which followed it into the crater a few minutes later .
Its collision was tracked by Earth - and space - based instruments .
Initially , there was a degree of disappointment about the lack of a dramatic plume of debris that accompanied the impact .
But NASA reassured everyone that the relevant instruments worked well , and that there was a wealth of data available to analyze .
That set off further frustration , as none of the NASA scientists were willing to speculate what that data said about the composition of the material in the crater , since they were n't confident about their preliminary analysis .
After a few weeks of looking things over , they 're apparently feeling a lot more confident .
Both the UV / visible and infrared spectrometers returned detailed data , both in terms of wavelength and time post- impact , and they clearly showed a complex pattern of emission and absorption .
The question the scientists had to grapple with is whether any single combination of chemicals could produce that spectrum , or if the spectrum was compatible with a number of scenarios .
According to Anthony Colaprete , LCROSS ' scientific lead , they 've since eliminated any alternative they can think of — the data contains unambiguous evidence of water .
He showed the infrared spectral data , and contrasted that with the null case , blackbody radiation .
In at least two areas of the spectrum , a curve produced by modeling blackbody radiation plus water absorption matched the curve nearly exactly .
The UV / visible data showed emission lines from hydroxyl bonds , which also suggest water .
Based on the strength of the signal and size of the plume , NASA estimates that about 100kg of water were kicked up in the impact plume , which Colaprete says is enough to indicate that there were actual ice deposits within the crater .
In a response to a question , he suggested that this would make it wetter than South America 's Atacama Desert .
Left : The LCROSS spectrum ( black bars ) diverges significantly from black body radiation .
Right : two of these differences , highlighted in yellow can be accounted for by the presence of water .
But Colaprete could n't resist a further tease , saying that other features in the spectra hinted at a variety of additional chemicals .
" This goes beyond the water , " he said , but declined to discuss any of this additional information , suggesting that it was in the same state as the water findings were shortly after the impact — they still have n't eliminated enough possible explanations , so they can't talk about it with any confidence .
Ultimately , that data may tell us very significant things about the status and behavior of the water .
Papers that argued for lunar water had suggested different explanations for the origin of that water , such as cometary delivery and capture of the solar wind .
They also hinted that there might be an active cycling of the water , driven by the changes in light that accompany the long solar day .
The new data , should they contain chemicals typical of comets , could help inform the debate over what 's happening on the moon .
In any case , it 's important to emphasize the mental U - turn the scientific community has to make here .
For decades following the Apollo missions , scientists were operating based on the evidence returned from the Moon , which suggested a completely dry environment .
The three papers that first suggested a revision to those conclusions were only published in September , and LCROSS data was only obtained in October .
It will undoubtedly take a while for the full implications of these findings to sink in .
Further reading :
NASA 's LCROSS mission page .
Listing image by NASA
: Stuff All the Pros Know and Use Gary Willis Hal Leonard , 2002 - 76 pages , 2002 - Music 1 Review ( Bass Instruction ) .
Ready to take your playing to the next level ?
Renowned bassist Gary Willis presents valuable how - to insight that bassists of all styles and levels can benefit from .
The text , photos , music , diagrams and accompanying 64 audio tracks provide a terrific , easy - to - use resource for a variety of topics , including : techniques , improvising and soloing , equipment , practicing , ear training , performance , theory , and much more .
The audio tracks are accessed online for download or streaming and feature PLAYBACK + tools for looping , tempo adjustment , and more .
SuperFreakonomics Book Club : Ask Sudhir Venkatesh About Street Prostitution
In the first installment of our virtual book club , Emily Oster answered your questions about her research ( co- authored with Rob Jensen ) which argues that the lives of rural women in India improved on several dimensions thanks to the widespread adoption of television .
That story appeared in our book ’s introduction .
Now we ’re moving on to Chapter One .
We will probably feature a few Q&A ’s with the subjects and researchers featured in this chapter , which is described in the Table of Contents like this :
1 . How is a street prostitute like a department - store Santa ?
In which we explore the various costs of being a woman .
Meet LaSheena , a part - time prostitute …
One million dead “ witches ” …
The many ways in which females are punished for being born female …
Even Radcliffe women pay the price …
Title IX creates jobs for women ; men take them … 1 of every 50 women a prostitute …
The booming sex trade in old - time Chicago … A survey like no other …
The erosion of prostitute pay …
Why did oral sex get so cheap ? …
Pimps versus Realtors …
Why cops love prostitutes …
Where did all the schoolteachers go ? …
What really accounts for the male - female wage gap ? …
Do men love money the way women love kids ? …
Can a sex change boost your salary ? …
Meet Allie , the happy prostitute ; why are n’t there more women like her ?
Today we concentrate on “ a survey like no other , ” and invite you to ask questions of the man behind that survey , Sudhir Venkatesh .
He is a sociologist at Columbia University who did his graduate work at the University of Chicago and conducted years ’ worth of valuable , fascinating field work there .
One chapter in Freakonomics was based on a series of papers Sudhir wrote with Steve Levitt about the economics of a crack - selling gang .
( He did a Q&A on that topic here ; and he wrote a book , Gang Leader for a Day , about that research . )
In SuperFreakonomics , we write about the field work that Sudhir conducted with street prostitutes in Chicago .
There is a lot to be said about the findings of the research ( mostly concerning prices and services ) as well as methodology , the historical changes and context of street prostitution , and even how the prostitutes engage in what economists call price discrimination , or charging different prices for the same product .
Sudhir has agreed to field your questions about his research , so leave them in the comments section below .
As always , we ’ll post the answers shortly .
For those of you who have n’t yet read this chapter , here are a few relevant excerpts :
Venkatesh , knowing that traditional survey methods do n’t necessarily produce reliable results for a sensitive topic like prostitution , tried something different : real - time , on - the - spot data collection .
He hired trackers to stand on street corners or sit in brothels with the prostitutes , directly observing some facets of their transactions and gathering more intimate details from the prostitutes as soon as the customers were gone .
Most of the trackers were former prostitutes — an important credential because such women were more likely to get honest responses .
Venkatesh also paid the prostitutes for participating in the study .
If they were willing to have sex for money , he reasoned , surely they ’d be willing to talk about having sex for money .
And they were .
Over the course of nearly two years , Venkatesh accumulated data on roughly 160 prostitutes in three separate South Side neighborhoods , logging more than 2,200 sexual transactions .
And :
During Venkatesh ’s study , six pimps managed the prostitution in West Pullman , and he got to know each of them .
They were all men .
In the old days , prostitution rings in even the poorest Chicago neighborhoods were usually run by women .
But men , attracted by the high wages , eventually took over — yet another example in the long history of men stepping in to outearn women .
These six pimps ranged in age from their early 30 ’s to their late 40’s and ‘ were doing pretty well , ’ Venkatesh says , making roughly $ 50,000 a year .
Some also held legit jobs — car mechanic or store manager — and most owned their homes .
None were drug addicts .
One of their most important roles was handling the police .
Venkatesh learned that the pimps had a good working relationship with the police , particularly with one officer , named Charles .
When he was new on the beat , Charles harassed and arrested the pimps .
But this backfired .
‘ When you arrest the pimps , there ’ll just be fighting to replace them , ’ Venkatesh says , ‘ and the violence is worse than the prostitution . ’
And :
How do the Chicago street prostitutes price - discriminate ?
As Venkatesh learned , they use different pricing strategies for white and black customers .
When dealing with blacks , the prostitutes usually name the price outright to discourage any negotiation .
( Venkatesh observed that black customers are more likely than whites to haggle — perhaps , he reasoned , because they ’re more familiar with the neighborhood and therefore know the market better . )
When doing business with white customers , meanwhile , the prostitute makes the man name a price , hoping for a generous offer .
As evidenced by the black - white price differential in the data , this strategy seems to work pretty well .
And :
The potato is a staple food in most parts of the world , and it 's one of our most versatile vegetables .
Boiled , mashed , baked or roasted , there are several ways to cook potatoes and an endless number of ingredients to combine them with to create a variety of recipes .
Choosing Potatoes
For best results , choose potatoes by how you 'll be using them .
The russet , or Idaho , has a high starch content , making it ideal for frying or baking , while the similar long white potato , which has a medium starch content , can be boiled , baked or fried .
Yukon gold and other yellow potatoes are low - to medium - starch potatoes , and are well suited to roasting , mashing , baked dishes , and soups and chowders .
Round red and round white potatoes have less starch and more moisture , making them best for boiling , but they can also be roasted or fried .
New potatoes are firm and waxy ; they 're excellent boiled or roasted , and hold their shape well in salads .
Here 's a quick reference on which types of potatoes are ideal for which type of cooking technique :
Baking : Russet , long white , Peruvian
Boiled : New potatoes , round red , white
Fried : Russets and white
Roasted : New potatoes , russets , Peruvian , long whites
Mashed : Russets , long white , yellow
Cooking and Preparation Tips
For each type of cooking technique here are some tips for making your potato recipes easier and more delicious .
Baked Potatoes
Stand potatoes on end in muffin tins if you 're baking several .
For crispier skins , bake at 425 F for 45 to 60 minutes .
Bake extra potatoes and use leftovers for hash browns the next day .
Rub a little oil , butter or bacon drippings on potatoes before baking for crispier skins .
Cut leftover baked potatoes into 1/2 - inch pieces and brush with olive oil and seasonings .
Bake at 425 F , turning occasionally , for about 35 to 45 minutes .
Cut leftover skins into strips and brush with olive oil .
Bake at 400 F for about 10 minutes , until crispy .
Season to taste and use as a snack with dip or crumble into soups or salad .
Top baked potatoes with chili , cheese , sour cream , light cream cheese and chives , vegetables and cheese sauce , chicken a la king , spaghetti sauce , pizza toppings , etc .
Fried Potatoes
Allow 1 potato per person when making French fries .
After cutting potatoes , soak in cold water for at least 30 minutes .
Dry potatoes thoroughly before frying .
After frying , drain fries on a double layer of paper towels and keep warm in a low ( 250 F ) oven while frying the remainder .
Reheat oil between batches .
For crispier fries , fry twice .
First , fry them until golden in 340 F oil , then drain and let cool at room temperature .
Just before serving , fry in 375 F oil in batches until golden brown ; transfer to paper towel - lined baking sheets and keep in warm in a low oven while frying the rest .
Mashed Potatoes
Cook the potatoes in milk for extra richness .
Cook the potatoes with several peeled garlic cloves , then mash with garlic as usual .
Use baked potatoes for mashed potatoes instead of boiled .
Add evaporated skim milk instead of whole milk .
For lighter mashed potatoes , beat in more milk and leave out the butter .
Do n't overbeat - overbeating can cause starchy , sticky mashed potatoes .
Use leftover mashed potatoes to thicken soups and sauces , or form into patties , dip in beaten egg and breadcrumbs , refrigerate for an hour and fry until crispy .
Beat in herbs , seasonings , roasted garlic , minced vegetables , or grated cheese for added flavor and color .
Roasted Potatoes
In a world where everyone has Ramen noodles , the grad student with Chicken Soup is king .
The PortableApps Suite is a storehouse and management system for " portable " versions of some of the most popular freeware around .
That collection used to be limited only to open - source programs .
But on Wednesday it started making portable versions of closed - source freeware to users .
The first batch of portable freeware includes Web browser Google Chrome , VoIP client Skype , BitTorrent client uTorrent , antispyware tool SpyDLLRemover , and three others at the time of writing .
The new portable versions of these programs work both independently and in tandem with the PortableApps suite .
In a statement published on its Web site , PortableApps.com founder and CEO John Haller said that PortableApps " remains committed " to open - source software , but that closed - source freeware publishers would find other venues for USB stick - friendly versions of their programs if PortableApps did n't open its doors to them .
For users that want to support only open - source programs , he said that the PortableApps directory will soon be filterable .
PortableApps is also planning to accept portable versions of commercial software , although it has n't announced a timeline yet .
Readers can check on the latest updates to the PortableApps catalog at their Web site , although we do host most of them at Download.com as well .
If you have a large iTunes library it ’s really easy to inadvertently gather duplicate songs , thankfully cleaning up and removing the duplicates from the iTunes song library is really easy .
Both iTunes for Mac and iTunes for Windows support an ability to easily remove duplicate songs , here ’s how to do it :
How to Remove Duplicate Songs from iTunes
Within iTunes , open the ‘ File ’ menu
From iTunes 12 onward , go to “ Library ” submenu under File
From iTunes 11 , this will be in the “ View ” menu instead
Navigate down to ‘ Show Duplicates ’ ( see below screenshot )
i Tunes will now show what it thinks are duplicates
Select a song and hit the “ Delete ” key to remove it from the iTunes library after you have confirmed it as duplicate
Repeat with additional duplicates to remove them
This method does not always work though to find true duplicates of songs and will sometimes give you songs that are just very similar in name or artist , so you may want to try this instead :
How to Remove Exact Duplicates from iTunes Song Library
Hold down the Option / ALT key
Navigate to “ File ” menu
Click on ‘ Show Exact Duplicates ’
Now iTunes will display ONLY the exact duplicates ( see screenshot )
Confirm a song is a duplicate , then select that song and hit the “ Delete ” key to remove it from the iTunes library
Repeat with other duplicate songs in iTunes
This list shows you the songs that iTunes thinks are duplicates , so do not delete everything in the list or else you may delete the original song that you want to keep .
i Tunes is n’t perfect in detecting duplicates either , it looks like it bases most of the detection on song , artist , and album names , so if you have two songs named the exact same thing but they are different iTunes will likely think it is a duplicate .
After you have cleaned up your duplicate songs , you can get the iTunes library looking like normal again by clicking the ‘ Show All ’ button that is highlighted in the above screenshot , or simply navigate back to the ‘ File ’ menu and click on ‘ Show All ’ where “ Show Duplicates ” once was .
Note this feature was briefly removed and re-added to iTunes 11.0.1 and beyond .
It ’s now under the “ View ” menu of iTunes 11 , and works with other media libraries beyond music as well .
From iTunes 12 and later , it ’s under the “ File ” > Library menu .
An Alaska businessman who was the key witness in the corruption trial of former Sen .
Ted Stevens is under investigation by local and federal authorities over allegations he had sex with underage girls in the 1990s .
Bill Allen , the founder and former CEO of oil services company VECO , has been under investigation by Anchorage police since last year over allegations he engaged in sexual relations with at least two 15 - year - old girls in the mid-1990s .
The age of consent in Alaska is 16 .
ADVERTISEMENT
A report in the Anchorage Daily News details allegations by Lisa Moore , a former girlfriend of Allen , that Allen had a sexual relationship with a 15 - year - old girl in 1996 , and that he potentially attempted to cover up the relationship when it appeared it would be made public .
Moore says when her brother got into legal trouble and it appeared Allen ’s alleged sexual conduct would be revealed in court , the businessman sent Moore , her brother and her fiance to California , to avoid a subpoena .
Moore was evidently introduced to Allen by a roommate of hers who was working as a prostitute .
Moore says she informed Anchorage police of Allen ’s sexual activities in 2004 , and it appears that prosecutors in former Alaska Sen .
Ted Stevens ’ 2008 trial were aware of the allegations , but used Allen as a key witness all the same .
Sen .
Stevens was charged in 2008 with seven counts of failing to report gifts , a felony .
The case involved claims that Allen ’s company , VECO , had renovated Stevens ’ Alaska chalet at a cost of $ 250,000 , a gift that Stevens had failed to disclose .
Stevens was convicted in October , 2008 , days before the election that would see Stevens lose his seat to Democratic challenger Mark Begich .
In the spring of 2009 , Attorney General Eric Holder submitted a motion to set aside Steven ’s guilty verdict , in light of allegations of prosecutorial misconduct in the case .
The courts accepted Holder ’s motion and Stevens ’ conviction was vacated .
Among the facts to emerge were that Allen had told prosecutors at one point that the actual value of the work done on Stevens ’ home was closer to $ 170,000 , but that testimony never made it to court .
ADVERTISEMENT
The latest allegations against Allen cast further doubt on Allen ’s credibility as a witness , the ADN reports .
In 2007 , Allen and a vice - president at VECO pleaded guilty to charges of extortion , bribery and conspiracy to impede the IRS .
It was during the investigation into those crimes that the Stevens home remodeling came to light , leading to the prosecution of Stevens .
The latest allegations against Allen cast a further cloud of corruption and criminality on Alaska ’s political scene , as Allen was one of the best - connected businessmen in the state .
In 1997 , the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce named Allen one of the five most influential people in the state , along with Stevens , Sen. Frank Murkowski , then - Gov. Tony Knowles and then - Anchorage Mayor Rick Mystrom .
Read the whole report at the Anchorage Daily News here .
ADVERTISEMENT
View the ADN ‘s timeline of events here .
Bill Belichick Is Great
I respect Bill Belichick more today than I ever have .
Last night he made a decision in the final minutes that led his team the New England Patriots to defeat .
It will likely go down as one of the most criticized decisions any coach has ever made .
With his team leading by six points and just over two minutes left in the game , he elected to go for it on fourth down on his own side of the field .
His offense failed to get the first down , and the Indianapolis Colts promptly drove for a touchdown .
He has been excoriated for the choice he made .
Everyone seems to agree it was a terrible blunder .
Here is why I respect Belichick so much .
The data suggest that he actually probably did the right thing if his objective was to win the game .
Economist David Romer studied years worth of data and found that , contrary to conventional wisdom , teams seem to punt way too much .
Going for a first down on fourth and short yardage in your end zone is likely to increase the chance your team wins ( albeit slightly ) .
But Belichick had to know that if it failed , he would be subjected to endless criticism .
If his team had gotten the first down and the Patriots won , he would have gotten far less credit than he got blame for failing .
This introduces what economists call a “ principal - agent problem . ”
Even though going for it increases his team ’s chance of winning , a coach who cares about his reputation will want to do the wrong thing .
He will punt , just because he does n’t want to be the goat .
( I ’ve seen the same thing in my research on penalty kicks in soccer ; it looks like kicking it right down the middle is the best strategy , but it is so embarrassing when it fails that players do n’t do it often enough . )
What Belichick proved by going for it last night is that 1 ) he understands the data , and 2 ) he cares more about winning than anything else .
So hats off to Bill Belichick .
This decision may have hurt his chances for the Football Hall of Fame , but it guarantees his induction into the Freakonomics Hall of Fame .
On Nov. 9 , Sibat was given a death sentence by a Mecca court for allegedly practicing witchcraft .
But while on pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia last year , Sibat was spotted by religious police in the holy city of Medina .
Their job it is to battle vice and uphold virtue in the ultraconservative kingdom .
So they arrested Sibat in his room at the Medina Hotel on charges of sorcery .
" He was the most popular psychic on the channel , " the Lebanese news agency Naharnet quoted Sibat ’s lawyer May Khansa as saying .
" The number of callers , including from all over the gulf , spiked in number when he appeared . "
But what the star psychic probably did not predict was that his claims to supernatural prowess would land him a death sentence .
When the popular 46 - year - old Lebanese psychic Ali Sibat went on - air and made his predictions about the future , the phone lines of the satellite television station Sheherazade used to be flooded with calls .
Sibat ’s fate is common in Saudi Arabia .
Scores of alleged witch doctors , fortunetellers , and black magicians each year are dragged through the Saudi courts , including Fawza Falih , who ’s been on death row since 2006 for witchcraft .
Her accusers include a man who claims the 51 - year - old , illiterate Falih is the reason for his impotence .
The witch hunt in the kingdom and a recent rise in witchcraft and sorcery cases are causing concern among human rights groups .
News reports say at least two other people have been snatched for witchcraft only in the last month .
New York - based Human Rights
Watch called on the Saudi government Tuesday to overturn Sibat ’s death sentence and all other witchcraft convictions for crimes the group says are loosely defined and used in an arbitrary way .
“ Saudi courts are sanctioning a literal witch hunt by the religious police , ” Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , said in a news release .
“ The crime of ‘ witchcraft ’ is being used against all sorts of behavior , with the cruel threat of state - sanctioned executions . ”
Judging from previous witchcraft convictions in Saudi Arabia , anyone who publicly displays what authorities describe as suspicious behavior risks becoming a target of the religious police .
Take the case of Muhammad Burhan , who carried a phone booklet with writings in the Tigrinya alphabet from his native Eritrea .
Perhaps it was his way of protecting himself against the evil forces out there .
Maybe it was his lucky charm for a little extra success in his love life or in business .
But the booklet convinced Saudi authorities that Burhan was a black magician and charged him with " charlatanry , " for which he was lashed 300 times and sentenced to 20 months behind bars .
He was then deported after having served more than double the prison term he was sentenced to , according to Human Rights Watch .
Most recently , the Saudi daily Okaz carried a report on the arrest of an Asian man nabbed by the religious police in Ta’if on Nov. 19 for “ sorcery ” and “ charlatanry . ”
The man was said to have used supernatural powers to make people fall in love with him and to solve marital disputes .
This year , Saudi Arabia started implementing what it called a " comprehensive judicial reform , " but it has yet to write down its criminal laws .
Human Rights
Watch called on King Abdullah to order the codification of criminal laws and ensure they comply with international human rights standards .
-- Alexandra Sandels in Beirut
Photo : Someone in a costume awaits the screening of a Harry Potter film in a cathedral in Gloucester , England , this year .
Credit : Matt Cardy / Getty Images
Australian Aboriginal art offers excellent opportunities for financially rewarding investments .
Like all investment decisions , however , successful investment in Aboriginal art demands that the investor be well informed , has access to good advice , and takes a suitably long term view .
The added bonus of investing in Aboriginal art rather than property or shares is that the investor can enjoy the aesthetic beauty of the art work while secure in the knowledge that the investment will produce a sound financial return .
The first essential ingredient in making sound investment decisions is information .
Investors need a good general background knowledge of Aboriginal art and culture .
There are a wide range of excellent books available on the subject , in addition to specialist magazines and auction catalogues .
The internet is also an increasingly rich source of general information , in addition to specific information about particular artists .
Armed with solid background knowledge , the second essential step in the information gathering process is to find opportunities to view a wide range of Aboriginal art .
The most effective places to do this are , not surprisingly , major public art galleries .
In Australia , particularly good collections exist in Sydney , Adelaide , Canberra , Darwin and Alice Springs .
Commercial galleries also frequently exhibit interesting work by both well - known artists and emerging younger talent .
There are several important factors to consider when considering investing in a particular painting .
First , consider the reputation of the artist , the period of the artist ’s career in which the work was painted , and the relative quality of the work with respect to the artist ’s overall output .
Also determine whether the artist ’s work is held in major national and international collections .
This is where a solid background knowledge of the Aboriginal art world pays off .
Next , consider the general condition of the work , and it ’s age and size .
Remember that early work , such as that painted during the 1970s in Papunya , can be very valuable .
Finally , determine the provenance of the work , ensuring that documentation is clear and indisputable .
Investment strategies for Australian aboriginal art should be discussed with a professional investment adviser .
One common strategy is to avoid acquisition of paintings by currently popular artists such as Rover Thomas , Emily Kngwarreye and the older Papunya Tula artists , instead seeking out quality artists whose work is currently out of favour or not yet in great demand .
The advantage of this strategy is that less capital is required than for strategies based on acquisition of work by well - known artists .
Many investors have succeeded financially by following a more personal strategy based on both background knowledge and instinctive good judgement , acquiring works with strong personal appeal where the artist clearly possesses a distinctive style or vision .
Before committing to Aboriginal art on any significant scale , potential investors are advised to discuss their plans with a financial adviser who can elaborate on the advantages and disadvantages of different types of investment .
Having taken the decision to invest seriously in Aboriginal art , investors should also seek out professional art consultant and art investment advisers as well .
Aboriginal art constitutes about 25 % of the Australian art market , which has an overall estimated value of around AU$ 500 million per year .
Most estimates of the average annual increase in value of premier Aboriginal art works range between 6 % to 10 % , though increases of up to 90 % over a 5 year period are commonly reported .
Financial and Investment Online Related Sites
Get Free Tips Online About Financial and Investment
Financial and Investment Tips Online
Financial Planning Education
How to analyze a financial statement
Investing and financing
Investing Basics – What Are Your Investment Goals
Investing for Retirement
Investing Mistakes to Avoid
Investment Strategy
Started in real estate investing
What Is Your Investment Style
Whoops !
Mexican mayor announces death of his arch nemesis ... hours BEFORE his body was found
Slip : Mauricio Fernandez announced during his swearing in ceremony as mayor of San Pedro Garza Garcia that his main rival had been found dead
A Mexican mayor has sparked fury by announcing the death of a notorious drugs baron - hours before the body was found and two days before it was identified .
Speculation has arisen that Mauricio Fernandez may have had something to do with the killing after he made the slip while being sworn in as mayor of San Pedro Garza Garcia , one of Mexico 's most exclusive areas .
Speaking during his re-election ceremony , he announced : ' Black Saldana , who apparently is the one who was asking for my head , was found dead today in Mexico City . '
The problem was that the barefoot , blindfolded corpse of ' Black Saldana ' , whose real first name is Hector , was not found for another four hours , according to Mexico City prosecutors .
His body was also not identified for another two days .
When questioned about whether he knew anything about his opponent 's death , Mr Fernandez said : ' Sometimes there are coincidences in life .
It 's better to look at it this way . '
He added that U.S. authorities had tipped him off that intercepted drug cartel communications revealed Saldana was planning to kill him .
Mr Fernandez said unspecified intelligence sources told him Saldana was dead hours before the body was found .
Paul Knierim , a Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman in Washington D.C. , said U.S. agents routinely coordinate with Mexican investigators trying to crack down on drug cartels .
He said : ' If we learned in the course of an investigation that somebody 's life was being threatened .
' We would definitely , definitely make sure that information was passed on to the appropriate authorities . '
Crime : San Pedro Garza Garcia is said to be home for some of the leaders of Beltran Leyva drug cartel
Mexican newspapers are demanding answers to how Mr Fernandez knew about Mr Saldana 's death before police even arrived on the scene .
Hours after Mr Fernandez 's announcement , authorities found four bodies - Mr Saldana , his brother , his half brother and another man - inside a car in Mexico City .
The word ' kidnapper ' had been scrawled across three of their backs in black marker .
Notes were also found at the scene .
One said ' for kidnapping ' and was signed ' The Boss of Bosses ' - a new nickname for alleged drug lord Arturo Beltran Leyva , one of Mexico 's most wanted criminals .
Another said ' Job 38:15 ' - a reference to the biblical verse ' the wicked are denied their light , and their upraised arm is broken ' .
A columnist in Reforma speculated he may have had something to do with the killing with ' Death squads ? ' as the headline .
During a radio interview yesterday , Mr Fernandez said he was setting up a group to clean up crime in San Pedro Garza Garcia .
San Pedro Garza Garcia has upscale malls , well - developed parks and is home to some of Mexico 's leading business executives , as well as some of the alleged leaders of the Beltran Leyva drug cartel .
A spate of kidnappings and extortion has hit the area and Mr Fernandez blamed Mr Saldana , who is alleged to have taken over cartel operations there a few months ago .
Mr Fernandez told El Norte newspaper that Mr Saldana and his gang had been kidnapping two or three people a week , demanding around $ 375,000 in ransom .
He also alleged they were demanding monthly payments from stores , restaurants and bars .
WASHINGTON  Millions of households across America are taking a first step into the world of the “ smart grid , ” as their power companies install meters that can tell them how much electricity they are using hour by hour  and sometimes , appliance by appliance .
But not everyone is happy about it .
Customers in California are in open revolt , and officials in Connecticut and Texas are questioning whether the rush to install meters benefits the public .
Some consumers argue that the meters are logging far more kilowatt hours than they believe they are using .
And many find it unfair that they will begin to pay immediately for the new meters through higher rates , when the promised savings could be years away .
Power companies say the meters will allow utilities to vary the price charged to their customers by the hour to correspond to what those utilities are paying for energy in the wholesale market .
This can help consumers save money , they say .
MacRuby 0.5 Beta 2 : AOT Compilation , Rack & Sinatra Support , And More
By Peter Cooper
MacRuby , a port of Ruby 1.9 to the Mac OS X Objective C common runtime , is today one step closer to a production - ready Ruby implementation with the release of beta 2 of MacRuby 0.5 .
MacRuby 0.5 has been highly anticipated since it was first mentioned back in March because it promises significant performance improvements , a new LLVM based virtual machine ( replacing YARV ) , and significant compatibility improvements and bug fixes .
Even still at this beta stage , 0.5 delivers on these promises .
New in MacRuby 0.5 so far :
rdoc and ri now work - thanks to compatibility bug fixes
Rack and Sinatra support
Experimental support for BigDecimal , OpenSSL , and JSON extensions
Compiler with support for building fat binaries ( i.e. universal binaries )
An all new LLVM based VM
A gazillion bug fixes and performance improvements - as always !
At this stage , the MacRuby team want people to download MacRuby , give it a test , and report any bugs or issues encountered .
If you 're on OS X , do n't be worried about installing it .
It comes in a simple installer package and presents itself through the macruby and macirb binaries , so it does n't clash with any existing Ruby implementations installed on your machine .
For me , perhaps the most exciting developments are the macrubyc compiler and macruby_deploy utility .
In a basic benchmark I performed , compiling a Ruby script that does a Fannkuch benchmark yielded a 20 % speed increase with MacRuby 0.5b2 .
Impressive , as the baseline interpreted version was on par with MRI 1.9.1 already !
The macruby_deploy utility is a new addition to help you deploy your MacRuby applications as regular OS X apps .
It puts the MacRuby framework along with your script 's executable into an application bundle ready to be deployed to any other Mac - even those without MacRuby .
[ ad ]
Find duplication , code smells , complex code and more in your Ruby code with Caliper !
The metrics are free and setup takes just one click .
Get started !
The Games of 2010 : The Best Year Ever ?
Late this Spring saw the first few 2009 - year game delays begin to role in .
By mid-Summer the delay trend had become a sift , with games being pushed back into “ Spring 2010 ” on an increasingly regular basis .
We even dedicated an entire # gamechat to it .
Blame Modern Warfare , blame the economy , blame quality concerns ; whatever the reason the dwindling Autumn line - up brought a tear to our eye , until we glanced over at that now - goliath “ Spring 2010 ” list .
After E3 we knew of a few of the games that were already planned for 2010 , and as conferences continued throughout the year we heard of special editions , re-makes , and more .
While the industry has been focusing on the first quarter of next year , there is plenty of incredible gaming to be had for the remainder .
Barring any delays from 2010 to 2011 … yes , dare we say that it may very well be the best year ever for gaming ?
Read our list below to see just how many AAA - level titles will be soaking up your time ( and money ) .
Did we miss something ?
January
Army of Two : The 40th Day
Bayonetta
Darksiders
Dark Void
Mafia II
MAG
Mass Effect 2
No More Heroes 2
Resident Evil Archives : Resident Evil Zero
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom : Ultimate All - Stars
February
Aliens Vs Predator
BioShock 2
Blur
Dante ’s Inferno
Heavy Rain
Lost Planet 2
Red Steel 2
Splinter Cell : Conviction
Star Trek : Online
Super Monkey Ball : Step & Roll
White Knight Chronicles
March
Battlefield : Bad Company 2
Champions Online
Command & Conquer 4
Final Fantasy XIII
God of War III
Gran Turismo 5
Metro 2033
Monster Hunter Tri
Sin & Punishment 2
Singularity
Super Street Fighter IV
April / May / June / July
3D Dot Game Heroes
Alan Wake
Alpha Protocol
Arc Rise Fantasia
Brink
Eye Pet
Ghost Recon ( New )
Just Cause 2
Max Payne 3
ModNation Racers
NCAA Football 2011
No More Heroes HD
PS3 Sphere Motion Controller
Resident Evil 5 : Gold Edition
Resonance of Fate
Scratch : The Ultimate DJ
Skate 3
Split / Second
Starcraft II
Tiger Woods 2011
UFC 2010
World of Warcraft : Cataclysm
August
I Am Alive
Dragon Quest IX
Kane & Lynch 2
Kingdom Hearts : Birth by Sleep
Madden 2011
Metroid : The Other M
Red Dead Redemption
September
The Grinder
Guitar Hero 6
Halo : Reach
Last Guardian
Nintendo DS2
Rock Band 3 / Band - themed Rock Band ( the Who ? )
Sonic the Hedgehog : Project Needlemouse
October
Bully 2
Castlevania : Lords of Shadow
Dead Space 2
DJ Hero 2
Epic Mickey
Fable III
Fallout : New Vegas
Final Fantasy XIV
Nintendo Vitality Sensor
Sony PSP2
Super Mario Galaxy 2
November
Band Hero 2
Call of Duty 7
Crysis 2
Microsoft Project Natal Motion Camera
New Legend of Zelda
The Old Repubic
* Note that all dates are tentative until the games actually release .
We know how these dates can change at the drop of a hat and will probably do so to give themselves some retail space .
Some of the games & products towards the tail end of the year have not even been formally announced yet except in “ closed circles ” and rumors .
The list has been created by scouring over the release dates in several gaming publications — IGN , Gamespot , Amazon — but always take those confirmations with a grain of salt .
I heard about three new Lisp - powered games this week .
First is a " silly geodefense clone wannabe , " Towers :
Next is David O'Toole 's 7 - day roguelike Sanctuary :
And last is Andy Hefner 's untitled space game :
United States Defense Secretary Robert Gates welcomed a vice chairman of the People 's Liberation Army to the Pentagon last week in what many analysts saw as a sign of warming ties .
Yet the smiles masked China 's aggressive development of cyberwarfare , and concern in Washington that in this area , America is on the defensive .
Consider the report released late last month by the U.S. - China Economic and Security Commission , which I head .
Prepared by the Northrop Grumman Corporation for the Commission , the authors state China is ...
South Korea 's military is investigating a cyber attack in which North Korean hackers may have stolen secret defence plans outlining Seoul and Washington 's strategy in the event of war on the Korean peninsula .
The highly sensitive information , codenamed Oplan 5027 , may have found its way into hostile hands last month after a South Korean officer used an unsecured USB memory stick to download it .
It reportedly contained a summary of military operations involving South Korean and US troops should North Korea conduct a pre-emptive strike or attempt to invade .
According to the Chosun Ilbo , a South Korean newspaper , the document outlines troop deployments , a list of North Korean targets , amphibious landing scenarios and how to establish a post - war occupation .
The Yonhap news agency said the plan allowed for the deployment of 700,000 US troops in the event of a full - scale war .
Embarrassed officials in Seoul attempted to play down its importance .
The document was not a full text of the plans , said the defence ministry spokesman Won Tae - jae , adding that the 11 - page file was intended simply to brief military officials and did not contain sensitive information .
The investigation has yet to establish how the hackers were able to get in or whether they were acting with North Korean support .
One theory is that they used an internet protocol address registered in China , a preferred route for North Koreans attempting to hack into files on foreign networks .
The US has 28,500 troops based in South Korea .
David Oten , a spokesman for the US military in Seoul , said : " As a matter of policy we do not comment on operational planning or intelligence matters , nor would we confirm details pertaining to any security investigation . "
The mishap occurred in one of the world 's most militarily sensitive regions .
Tensions between the two Koreas have grown this year amid Pyongyang 's refusal to abandon its nuclear weapons programme .
Although the three - year Korean war ended in 1953 the countries have never signed a peace treaty and are divided by one of the world 's most heavily fortified borders .
Faced with the military might of the world 's only superpower , North Korea appears to believe it can at least gain an advantage in cyberspace .
It is thought to have been responsible for high - profile cyber attacks in July that caused web outages at the White House and its South Korean equivalent , the Blue House .
Reports in South Korea said investigators had traced the Chinese IP address used in those attacks to North Korea 's post and telecommunications ministry .
The communist state is believed to operate an internet warfare unit , staffed by between 500 and 1,000 people , that attempts to hack into US and South Korean military networks in search of classified information or to throw government institutions into chaos .
The revelation that such sensitive information may have fallen into North Korean hands has provoked outrage in sections of the South Korean media .
In a stinging editorial , the Chosun Ilbo noted that tens of thousands of heavily armed South Korean and US troops were involved in a tense standoff along the two Korea 's land and maritime borders .
" If North Korean hackers can infiltrate the south 's cyber borders at will , then all of those troops and weapons protecting the country along the border are useless , " it said .
By Mike Thomson
BBC Radio 4
Prime minister Harold MacMillan denied the use of such techniques Brainwashing techniques were used by some British interrogators during World War II , according to evidence unearthed by the BBC .
Their methods included the use of drugs , hypnosis and sensory deprivation to extract confessions from suspected spies .
It was not until 1960 , well after end of the war , that the first allegations of brainwashing were made .
These followed a lecture given in London by Alexander Kennedy , a highly - respected professor of Psychological Medicine at the University of Edinburgh .
His speech was aimed at applying the lessons of wartime interrogation techniques to the peacetime treatment of psychiatric illness .
In it he referred to the effects of a string of brainwashing techniques .
Outrage followed .
Growing storm
The press of the day concluded that his knowledge of such methods must have come from work developed in Britain .
This is a charge strongly denied by Prof Kennedy , who had served with British intelligence during the war .
But his denial failed to calm the growing storm and ministers faced searching questions in the House of Commons .
Finally , the then prime minister , Harold Macmillan , tried to put an end to the brainwashing scandal during prime minister 's questions ..
One former intelligence officer believes Harold MacMillan was lying
He said : " The techniques to which these questions refer have never been used by any organisation responsible to Her Majesty 's government . "
Those firm words , and Prof Kennedy 's death just three months after making his speech , seemed to put an end to the controversy .
However , the archives reveal that three years later , MP Francis Noel - Baker , who like Prof Kennedy had served with military intelligence , wrote the following letter to Mr Macmillan : " It is within my own personal knowledge , and that of people with whom I served during the war , that a technique of brainwashing certainly was used by Major Kennedy , as he then was , and other interrogators at the Combined Services Detailed Interrogation Centre ( CSDIC ) , outside Cairo , during the last war . "
It is not known how , if at all , the prime minister replied to this letter , but it certainly contradicts his denial that such methods were never used by British interrogators .
Drugs
So , too , does another document , held in the National Archives .
It is a report written by Dick White , a man who was later to become head of M16 .
It focuses on interrogation methods that he witnessed being used by British officers in Cairo during the war .
Prof Kennedy , then Major Kennedy , was a psychological advisor guiding some of these interrogations .
One was with an Egyptian man called Ellie Haggar , who was suspected of being a German spy .
Mr White was to write : " Among other methods employed by Kennedy , certain drugs were used to induce Haggar to confess .
As might have been expected , the only result was that Haggar become mulish and indifferent to his fate and contracted pneumonia .
I think if one wants to be brutally honest , MacMillan was seeking to deceive .
In fact , to use un-Parliamentary language , he was telling lies
Col John Hughes - Wilson
" The extraction of a confession took a fortnight and was , even then , not fully satisfactorily achieved .
With this example before me I suggested to all the officers concerned that this was not the way to interrogate a spy . "
It could always be argued that MacMillan might have been unaware of Mr White 's report when he made his emphatic denial in the Commons .
But a former senior British intelligence officer , Col John Hughes - Wilson , believes that is unlikely .
He said : " I would be very surprised if a minister of any stamp were to stand up and talk on intelligence matters without whistling for the head of that service and saying , ' what is going on , draft me an answer ' .
Ends and means " I think if one wants to be brutally honest , MacMillan was seeking to deceive .
In fact , to use un-Parliamentary language , he was telling lies . "
This evidence has come as a shock to many , even including those who served in military intelligence during the war .
One such person is John Oswald , who worked as an interrogator at CSDIC , the British base in Cairo , around the same time as Alexander Kennedy .
But Mr Oswald insists he had no idea that brainwashing techniques were being used there and would have had nothing to do with them if he had .
He said : " Among my colleagues I do n't think that any of them would have used those methods .
I just feel that it 's wrong to treat people that way . "
There is no reason to doubt that Prof Kennedy was acting in anything other than what he saw as the best interests of his country , at a time when Britain was at war with an often brutal enemy .
But critics like Mr Oswald insist that the ends should never have been allowed to justify the means when techniques like these were involved .
Mike Thomson 's investigation was broadcast on Radio 4 on Monday 16 November and can be heard at the Document website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PRINCETON , NJ --
A new analysis of more than 650,000 Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index interviews conducted in 2008 and 2009 shows that " worry " is a much more common emotion among young and middle - aged Americans than among seniors .
Well over a third ( 37 % ) of those in their 40s report having experienced worry " a lot of the day yesterday . "
This figure drops to about 23 % among those in their late 60s and drops further to 15 % among those aged 91 and older .
Similar Pattern for Stress
" At every age , women are at least slightly more likely than men to report having experienced worry or stress the day before the interview . "
A similar age - related pattern occurs for reports of stress .
Almost half of those in their early 20s ( 48 % ) report having experienced stress a lot of the day prior to the interview .
Stress begins to drop off significantly as Americans reach their mid- to late 50s , and drops to 13 % among those aged 91 or older .
An analysis of a number of correlates of worry and stress does not provide a direct explanation for the drop - off in these emotions as age increases .
Women More Likely Than Men to Worry at All Ages
The American population becomes proportionately more female as it ages .
In these data , 52 % of those aged 21 to 25 are male .
This figure drops to 47 % among those aged 61 to 65 and to 34 % of those aged 91 and older .
If men were more likely than women to worry or be stressed , then some of the explanation for the age - to - worry ( and age - to - stress ) relationship could be the female skew in the older age ranges .
However , men are not more likely than women to worry or be stressed .
Just the opposite is true .
There is a significant gender gap in terms of both worry and stress .
At every age , women are at least slightly more likely than men to report having experienced worry or stress the day before the interview .
The pattern is fairly uniform , with a 5 - to 10 - point gap across the age spectrum until Americans reach their 80s , when the gap narrows .
It thus does not appear that gender is part of the explanation for the age - worry / stress relationship .
Children in the Home Not a Major Source of Worry
A demographic fact that theoretically might help explain the drop - off in worry / stress by age is whether one has children .
The percentage of individuals who report having a child under 18 in the household drops precipitously by the time Americans are in their 50s ( and many of the small percentage of Americans aged 60 and up who report having children in the home may well be reporting grandchildren ) .
There is a basic relationship between having children in the home and experiencing worry or stress .
Americans with a child in the home are more likely to report worry and stress than are those who do n't have a child in the home , with even greater differences in terms of reported stress .
In general , then , younger Americans are the most likely to have children in the home , and having a child in the home is related to more worry and stress .
These relationships of course do not prove that it is children per se that cause worry and stress , only that there is an interrelationship among younger age and children and worry / stress .
To help disentangle these patterns , the accompanying graphs display worry and stress by age among those with children in the home and among those without .
The data show the same basic relational pattern between worry / stress and age among Americans who do not have a child in the home and among those who do .
Younger Americans without children worry more and have more stress than older Americans without children .
In fact , even young adults without children worry more and report more stress than older adults with children in the home .
Younger Americans with children in the home worry more and have more stress than older Americans with children in the home .
Also , the gap in worry and stress between those with children in the home and those without is very small among younger Americans .
Overall , the average worry percentage is 36 % among those aged 50 and younger with children in the home and 35 % among those aged 50 and younger without children in the home .
For stress , the difference is also only one percentage point , 47 % versus 46 % , respectively .
It is apparent that the higher levels of worry among younger Americans occur regardless of whether they have children in the home .
It appears that the age - worry or age - stress relationship is not simply owing to the fact that younger people generally have children in the home and older people generally do not .
Even Among Employed , Worry and Stress Drop Off With Age
Taken as a whole , Americans of all ages who are employed worry less and have less stress than Americans who are not employed .
Any analysis of the correlates of not being employed is complex , since there are many reasons people are unemployed .
For some , unemployment is by choice -- homemakers , those who are retired -- while for others it is negatively forced on them , particularly those who are unemployed and looking for work .
Still , for whatever reasons , in America today there is a significant association between being employed and less worry and stress .
So it does not appear that the fact that older Americans are less likely to be employed is a valid explanation for their decrease in worry .
The accompanying graphs show the degree of worry and stress just among employed Americans .
The basic pattern of a drop - off in the percentage of Americans exhibiting these two traits as age increases is clearly evident even among this employed group .
No Impact of Religion on Worry and Stress
Older Americans are more religious than younger Americans .
Could the relatively low levels of worry among those who are older be due to the calming effect of their relatively higher religiosity ?
This does not appear to be the case .
Thirty - two percent of more religious Americans ( those for whom religion is important in their daily lives ) and 33 % of nonreligious Americans report having worried yesterday .
The comparable values for stress are 38 % and 42 % , respectively .
These differences are too small to explain the age effect .
Cohort vs. Generational Effect
The data reported here reflect a cross-section of the American adult population at a particular point in time -- January 2008 to October 2009 -- and thus do not allow strong inferences to be made about the " normal " course of life events .
The worry levels of the respondents included in this analysis are a combination of the life circumstances into which they were born and through which they have lived , as well as generational circumstances that affect individuals at their current ages .
Thus , it is not possible with these data to determine the degree to which lack of stress and worry is a result of an individual 's life history and experiences versus the individual 's current circumstances ( including health , family situation , and economic situation ) .
Given the cross-sectional nature of these data , it is not possible to determine whether these same stress - and worry - by - age patterns will persist in the years ahead .
It is possible , for example , that specific life circumstances of the core baby - boom group now in their 50s will stay with them throughout their lives , and that they will not in the years ahead enjoy the decreased stress and worry levels now apparent among those who are in their 60s and older today .
Summary
Americans report a significantly lower incidence of worry and stress as they get older , particularly as they move into and beyond their mid-60s .
This finding runs counter to the hypothesis that those who are older would be more apt to worry about deteriorating health , fixed incomes , or impending death .
On the other hand , many seniors are beyond the point where they have to worry about varying income , and previous research has shown that seniors are the only age group satisfied with the amount of time they have to enjoy life .
These cross-sectional data do not allow for a determination of whether the worry - age phenomenon reflects a cohort effect ( reflecting the particular history and life experiences of those who are older today ) or a generational effect ( such that past and future generations of Americans would be found to exhibit the same patterns of worry and stress ) .
The analysis does suggest , however , that several logical reasons for older Americans ' worrying less -- including that they are much less likely to have children in the home or to be employed , or that they are more religious and more likely to be female -- do not appear to be explanations .
Whatever the reasons , the data would appear to present good news for relatively younger Americans -- particularly the very large population segment of baby boomers .
Approaching on the horizon for these Americans is the distinct possibility that day - to - day worry and stress may well subside rather than increase as time goes on .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with more than 650,000 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 2 , 2008 - Oct. 31 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is less than ±1 percentage point .
Sample sizes in the groups based on age range from a maximum of 72,238 respondents aged 56 to 60 to a minimum of 2,877 respondents aged 91 and older .
The oldest group was thus the smallest group for all further divisions .
Only 933 of the 2,877 oldest respondents are male , yielding a margin of error of ±4 percentage points for this subgroup .
The largest margin of error is ±9 percentage points for the 122 respondents aged 91 and older who are currently working .
Most other groups are dramatically larger than these groups .
For example , there are 48,435 respondents in the 51 - 55 year age group who are currently working , which yields a maximum margin of error of less than ±1 percentage point .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only and cell - phone mostly ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Absolute Radio 10s
Somebody That I Used To Know by Gotye
The biggest songs from the last decade
Cupboards and drawers in Crystal Oswald 's house shake .
Vibrations wake Donna Wiersgalla 's 3 - year - old daughter three or four times a night .
A few doors down , Bailey Conklin , 13 , removed rattling pictures from her bedroom wall .
That 's life these days on 1st Avenue N. in Newport , where a phenomenon that nobody can explain troubles residents enough that they 're seeking help from city officials and comparing notes in one another 's kitchens .
At least eight households have reported intermittent and random shaking , and thus far public officials have been unable to find a cause .
" It would n't be so bad if someone could give me some answers , " said Oswald , whose roommate has threatened to move out because of the shaking .
" It 's becoming a big pain , especially at night .
It feels like there 's a helicopter going over your house and I open the door and there 's nothing . "
The affected residents live next to a park in the northwest corner of Newport , a Washington County city of about 3,700 near the Mississippi River .
Industries and highways surround the neighborhood , but it 's unclear whether any of them -- including the nearby Wakota Bridge on Interstate 494 -- have anything to do with the mysterious vibrations that are beginning to feel like a slow form of torture to residents .
" I 've never felt this before , " said Wiersgalla , who has lived in the same house all of her 37 years .
" I think we all thought it was kind of crazy , so we did n't say anything for a while . "
100 trains not to blame
Neighbors discount freight trains as the culprits , even though they rumble past the neighborhood more than 100 times a day , as they 've done for years .
They can't think of any industry that 's new or different except the bridge , but the Minnesota Department of Transportation said that nobody works on the construction in the evenings or overnight .
The first Xbox LIVE Arcade game with playable Avatars was NinjaBee 's A Kingdom for Keflings , a quirky game about bossing around villagers as a giant and looking for hearts buried deep inside the world 's vast amount of resources .
As we learned today from Big Download , there are plans for a PC release .
I 'm not being facetious when I express my joy for this news .
Seriously , I really did enjoy the heck out of this game .
All - around tough guy Brad Nicholson and I regularly played Keflings after long bouts of Gears of War 2 , because it was great for easing the stress of rampant bloodshed down to a minimum .
NinjaBee is looking for testers on its forums currently , with plans to give those who actually participate in the beta and provide feedback a free copy of the game .
Check out that last link if the work sounds manageable -- Keflings is a fun game indeed .
UI that looked sexy in Photoshop almost always looks overdesigned when we try it for real in the browser .
Here ’s a hypothesis .
Simple and useful designs just do n’t seem good enough when they are dead pixels .
They need to be brought to life before they can be appreciated .
Until that happens we overcompensate with garnish .
ISSN : 1755 -0203 ( Print ) , 1755 - 0211 ( Online )
, Editor : and Sean Walsh University of California , Los Angeles , USA ,
Editorial board
The Review of Symbolic Logic is designed to cultivate research on the borders of logic , philosophy , and the sciences , and to support substantive interactions between these disciplines .
The journal welcomes submissions in any of the following areas , broadly construed :
- The general study of logical systems and their semantics , including non-classical logics and algebraic logic ;
- Philosophical logic and formal epistemology , including interactions with decision theory and game theory ;
- The history , philosophy , and methodology of logic and mathematics , including the history of philosophy of logic and mathematics ;
- Applications of logic to the sciences , such as computer science , cognitive science , and linguistics ; and logical results addressing foundational issues in the sciences .
The Review welcomes submissions in all these areas .
The Review began publication in June 2008 .
A Department of Homeland Security program that tries to detect air passengers who are “ up to no good ” is raising privacy concerns , says a CNN report which aired Tuesday .
CNN ’s Jeanne Meserve described DHS ’s Future Attribute Screening Technology ( FAST ) as “ marrying a lot of existing technology , some of it medical , ” to measure breathing , heart rate , blinking , fidgeting , and other bodily functions of passengers at airports .
ADVERTISEMENT
The idea is essentially to create a remote lie detector , where sensors placed at airport security screening areas would be able to monitor a passenger ’s physical reaction to questions being asked by screeners .
Critics have likened the concept to the “ Department of Pre- Crime ” in the 2001 film Minority Report , which describes a future where persons are caught and convicted of crimes before they occur .
Originally entitled Project Hostile Intent , the program was revealed by the science magazine NewScientist in 2007 .
According to a report at the time in the UK ’s Guardian , “ the new devices are expected to be trialled at a handful of airports , borders and ports of entry by 2012 . ”
As of last year , the program was “ running at about 78 percent accuracy on mal - intent detection , and 80 percent on deception , ” according to DHS science spokesman John Verrico .
The Guardian reported in 2007 :
The plans describe how systems based on video cameras , laserlight , infra-red , audio recordings and eye tracking technology are expected to scour crowds looking for unusual behaviour , with the aim of identifying people who should be approached and quizzed by security staff , New Scientist magazine reports .
The project hopes to advance a security system already employed by the US transportation security administration that monitors people for unintentional facial twitches , called “ micro- expressions ” , that can suggest someone is lying or trying to conceal information .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Questions remain , however , as to how secure the system is .
The machines could reveal health conditions like heart murmurs and breathing problems as well as stress levels – which would be an invasion of privacy , ” NewScientist reported last year .
“ It is an invasion of privacy , ” Jay Stanley , director of public education for the ACLU ’s Technology and Liberty Program , told CNN .
“ Nobody has the right to look at my intimate bodily functions , my heart rate , my breathing , from afar . ”
And , as Meserve noted , “ some experts are doubtful the system can distinguish between potential terrorists and people stressed for other reasons , like a late flight . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There ’s not much science here , ” said Stephen Fienberg , professor of statistics and social science at Carnegie Mellon University .
“ In fact , there may be no science here .
And I ’m really worried that we ’re going to carried away by the hype , and there ’s just nothing here .
The emperor may have no clothes . ”
This video is from CNN ’s American Morning , broadcast Oct. 6 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
First picture of neglected ' Mowgli ' girl , 5 , who was raised by dogs
This is the first picture of a five - year - old ' Mowgli ' girl raised by dogs after her parents neglected her .
Natasha Mikhailova was kept locked in a room with dogs and cats for several years , causing her to behave like an animal .
She does not speak , laps up her food and drink with her tongue , and walks on all fours .
Though living in filthy conditions in the same home as her father Viktor Lozhkin , 27 , and grandparents in the Siberian city of Chita , child experts say she was treated as a family pet .
Under - developed : Natasha Mikhailova is actually five but looks more like a two - year - old
Lozhkin and the girl 's mother Yana Mikhailova , 25 , who has had no contact with her for two years , were both arrested on suspicion of neglect .
' They never let her out , we did n't know she existed , ' said one neighbour .
' They have three really vicious and angry ones which they took for walks - but we never saw this child . '
The girl is the size of a two - year - old and was not registered with doctors or hospitals .
Natasha is now under close observation at a social rehabilitation centre .
Specialists are shocked at the way she jumps on people and plays dog games yet they say she is not mentally disabled .
' When I went out of the room , she jumped at the door and started barking , not just mewing or something , but barking , ' said Nina Yemelchugova , chief of the centre .
' She eats well , she 's got a good appetite but she can't behave at the table , she throws away the spoon and laps up food from the plate . '
Natasha shuns the company of other children and gets nervous when she hears unexpected noises .
Police chief Larisa Popova said officers entered the flat on Monday after a tip - off from neighbours .
' We had to fight to get this girl away , ' she said .
Bleak : Natasha has been living at this apartment block where she appeared to have been treated like one of the family 's dogs
Her father not there but the dogs sought to protect her .
' The child was living in absolute filthy conditions , the flat smells awful .
There were a lot of animals , dogs and cats , and the girl was living with them .
' When we went into the flat we were almost knocked over by the stink . '
Natasha was wearing torn and soiled clothes .
Yekaterina Novikova , who lives nearby , said : ' These neighbours are unsociable , they only come out at night or early in the morning to avoid meeting with other locals and they never open the door . '
The mother , who has three other children living at another address , was arrested after going to police following local TV coverage of the girl being taken into care .
She claimed that Natasha had been ' kidnapped ' by her father several years ago , but seems to have made no effort to get her back .
Experts hope Natasha can recover with intensive education .
She showed delight when an art teacher drew a picture of a flower .
The parents could face around three years in jail , according to Russian media reports .
Still from The Jungle Book ( 1942 ) .
Russian police have discovered a ' Mowgli ' girl who , neglected by her parents , now barks like the dogs she lived with
This is the latest of a number of cases of feral children in the former Soviet Union .
Neglected by their parents , these youngsters sought love and solace from animals , usually dogs .
Psychologists call the phenomenon Mowgli Syndrome after the character in Rudyard Kipling 's Jungle Book .
who was raised by wolves .
They blame the social dislocation and economic woes which followed the break - up of the USSR .
Feral children are the stuff of folklore all over the world and usually exhibit the behaviour of the animals with whom they have had closest contact .
Last night on CBS ’ 60 Minutes , President Obama attacked Wall Street as “ fat cats , ” saying he was not elected merely for their sake .
Obviously , the President is now keenly aware of how his political capital is being lost due to the bailout program earlier in the year .
He is doing some serious damage control .
But what does the President plan to do about this ?
I do not advocate taxing bonuses outright as is being done in the U.K .
Taxing bonuses strikes me as a populist move similar to the desire to impose oil company windfall taxes back in 2008 – something no one is talking about now .
But , Marshall Auerback thinks President Obama is all hat and no cattle anyway .
In reference to the President ’s more stridently populist tone toward Wall Street , he says :
Far easier to resort to cheap populism than actually do something about it .
If the President were serious , he would be pointing out that the bankers have been undercutting every effort at reform , and have been paying off Congress to put loopholes into all legislation .
If he were genuinely upset , he would be channeling the country ’s anger constructively , by calling on the population to take to the streets in mass protests against Wall St. , with a view to shutting down the biggest banks and breaking their power once and for all .
Of course , the President would never do anything so " irresponsible " .
Far better to throw a few bones to the peasants and hope that the appearance of reform pacifies them .
Here is my take .
If you listened to what Obama said before he became President , it is clear he was not running left .
He never said he would pull out of Afghanistan ; he said all along he considered this the just war .
And he promised to escalate depending on the circumstances on the ground .
He never promised Universal Health Care ; the proposal by Hillary Clinton mandated coverage while his did not .
He never had progressives surrounding him in his election bid as Matt Taibbi claims .
Do n’t be fooled .
Those who decry Obama ’s policies as ‘ socialist ’ are doing so for purely political benefit .
Are you telling me that Obama is governing in a vastly different way than George W. Bush at the end of his tenure ?
How exactly would John McCain have been any less socialist ?
Are you telling me McCain would have bankrupted Citi or BofA ?
It ’s absolute nonsense .
I would grant you that McCain would have sought to extend tax cuts for the rich .
Otherwise , the cry of socialism is a purely political tactic using Obama ’s dip in popularity in order to strip him and his party of any right - leaning independents he may have won in 2008 .
The only difference between the established parties is the degree to which they believe in neoclassical laissez - faire economics .
The Republicans believe that markets are almost always right and see nearly no reason for government intervention except to lower taxes and promote free markets .
The Democrats believe that markets are almost always right too but they see more reason for government intervention in order to protect their traditional base of unions and the working class ( think health care reform , taxes on the rich , and the auto bailouts ) .
However , in practice , those beliefs manifest themselves differently because of the political process and the power of lobbyists .
It is what I have termed deregulation as crony capitalism .
What the Obama Administration is doing has nothing to do with socialism ; those who believe that are either political partisans or those hopelessly misinformed individuals falling prey to political partisans .
The present policy is what Dylan Ratigan calls ‘ Corporate Communism ’ i.e. a pro-business status quo bias which favors incumbent firms over potential entrants , big business over small business , and corporate interests over consumer interests .
It is no different than what we saw during the Clinton and George W. Bush Administrations .
Why is Obama favoring big business ?
Neo-liberalism .
In the 1990s , the so - called Third Way , popularized by Bill Clinton and Tony Blair , changed the fortunes of liberals dramatically .
Traditionally , the Democratic and Labour Parties were controlled by unions and working class interests – the so - called left wing .
This is one reason Democrats controlled the South until the civil rights movement .
But , stagflation seemed to discredit leftish policies .
In the U.S. , the 1980s ushered in 12 years of Republican Presidency .
Labour ’s trip into exile was even longer , 18 years .
The Republican ’s were stopped only as a result of an unusual combination of Ross Perot ’s third - party candidacy and Bill Clinton ’s co-opting of large parts of the right ’s pro-business anti-regulation , pro-free market platform – so - called Neo-Liberalism .
The neo-liberals in America were so successful that Tony Blair adopted the same tactics in creating New Labour and overthrowing the Conservatives in 1997 .
Junchiro Koizumi copied Blair in moving the LDP away from its base toward neoliberalism , vaulting him into power in 2001 .
In fact , one could even see Gerhard Schroeder as a neo-liberal who moved Germany ’s SPD into power in 1998 – one reason the SPD is now losing voters to Oskar Lafontaine and die Linke ( The Left ) .
So , Marshall is right .
Obama has been more interested in sending out a pro-business signal to re-assure business interests and to court independent voters .
I believe he has made a political calculation that he can hold his base of support even if he adopts a more center - left positioning because they have nowhere else to go .
It ’s not like they are going to vote for the Republicans .
This has been an effective way to power for left - leaning mainstream parties for at least 15 years .
However , I suspect that the Obama Administration was taken by surprise by how huge post - bailout profits in the banking sector were .
He probably also never anticipated the lack of political antennae Wall Street executives showed in paying large bonuses .
So , his pro-business emphasis has backfired and he finds himself in a position where he must ratchet up the populist rhetoric – not necessarily to be followed by any concrete actions .
The problem with this calculus is that , in the wake of this major financial crisis , there are lots of voters who want much more fundamental change than Barack Obama has been willing to make .
This is true on banker pay , on auditing the Federal Reserve and on protecting American jobs .
Words alone are meaningless – one reason populism and protectionism escalate from rhetoric into action .
Source
Obama ’s New - Found Populism : All Hat , No Cattle – Marshall Auerback
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) --
Wedad can't bear to live this way much longer .
Disgusted by the work , she can hardly stand it .
Wedad is a prostitute in Iraq .
Sectarian violence claimed the life of her husband three years ago .
Unable to rely on her family , Wedad tried getting a job to support her three young daughters , but found the men interviewing her did n't want her for her work skills , only her body .
" It was extremely difficult to make the decision to do this , because nobody goes into this wanting to do it , " she said hesitantly .
" My situation forced me into it because I could n't find a job and the government did n't have a job for me . "
For Wedad , who is using a false name to conceal her identity , the difficult circumstances could not be overcome .
So she took a step she never would have thought imaginable and became a prostitute .
Yanar Mohammed , an Iraqi womens ' rights activist , estimates there are thousands of women like Wedad working in the sex trade in Iraq .
Most are too afraid or ashamed to come forward and ask for help .
" She is looked at as an outcast in the society , and nobody to be respected and nobody to support her , " Mohammed said .
Mohammed , whose Organization of Women 's Freedom in Iraq tries to help women like Wedad , said many Iraqi women enter this life because they have no support systems and no way to make a living .
Prostitution is illegal in Iraq .
According to Mohammed , a typical prison sentence for women convicted is three to four months in jail , but their customers are rarely , if ever , arrested .
When the women get out of prison , they generally have nothing to look forward to , Mohammed said .
" On the day she is released she finds her pimps , the people who exploit her , waiting for her at the door , " Mohammed said .
" In many of the cases , this is what happens .
In other cases , she simply has nowhere else to go .
She is either a widow or an orphan of this war , and she has no alternatives . "
Wedad , one of those war widows , lives in constant fear of being found out , more because of the shame she would face from her family than the punishment she would face from authorities .
" I wo n't be doing this forever ; it 's impossible , " Wedad said .
" My girls are still young , but when they get older , I can 't ... " she stopped in midsentence , overcome by emotion .
So far , Wedad has been able to keep her work a secret , but her daughters are getting older and more curious .
They 've started to ask her where she 's going .
" I 'll say I 'm going to the doctor or I 'm going to the salon , that I have an errand to run , " Wedad explained .
" But sometimes , when they know I 'm going out and they ask me to get them something specific like food , it 's really hard for me to tell them I 'm going to get it for them because I do n't have the money .
It 's just really hard . "
Wedad 's voice trailed off and she began to cry .
After her husband 's death , Wedad did everything she could to avoid this outcome .
Now she does everything she can to get through it .
According to Wedad , she is only able to perform by pretending she is giving herself over to her clients as a " dead body " .
It 's a coping mechanism that allows her to feel as little as possible , so she can shield herself from as much mental anguish and pain as possible .
Wedad clings to one hope : that her daughters will not have to end up doing what their mother does .
WASHINGTON  A bare majority of Americans support President Obama ’s plan to send 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan , but many are skeptical that the United States can count on Afghanistan as a partner in the fight or that the escalation would reduce the chances of a domestic terrorist attack , according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .
In the wake of the president ’s address last week explaining his decision , the poll found a 10 percentage point increase in public approval of Mr. Obama ’s handling of the war in Afghanistan since last month , to 48 percent .
But the shift reflects a twist on the political polarization that has marked much of Mr. Obama ’s first year in office : Republican and independent voters are rallying behind Mr. Obama as he presses for the troop escalation , while Democrats remain decidedly cool to his war plans .
The poll showed a steady slide in support for Mr. Obama as he approaches the end of his first year in office .
His job approval rating has now hit 50 percent , the lowest yet in this poll ; it was 68 percent at its peak in April .
The percentage of Americans who approve of his handling of the economy has dropped to 47 percent from 54 percent in October .
And 42 percent approve of the way he is handling health care , down five percentage points in the last few months .
Mr. Obama has spent much of the past three months trying to rally support for a health care bill and formulating a plan for Afghanistan .
But in the poll , 12 percent of respondents said health care was the biggest problem facing the nation , while just 2 percent named Afghanistan .
Nearly 50 percent listed the economy or jobs .
The Hajj
This month , hundreds of thousands of Muslim pilgrims from around the globe are converging upon the Saudi Arabian holy cities of Mecca and Medina to perform the hajj , the pilgrimage that believers are supposed to make at least once in their lives as long as they have the health and the means to manage it .
The hajj takes place this year from Nov. 25 to 29 , but many of the faithful are already thronging the airport and docks of Jeddah , the main entry point for pilgrims .
It ’s an event of huge religious significance .
Some three million Muslims from all around the world — Indians and Pakistanis , Nigerians and Bosnians , Arabs and non-Arabs , rich and poor , Sunni and Shia — will commune , worship , and celebrate the global unity of Islam .
They ’ll be performing the same set of ritual acts , dressed in exactly the same clothes , all equal in the sight of God .
For those who ’ve completed the hajj , it ’s a lifetime landmark , a transformative religious experience .
In reality , though , there ’s another reason why the hajj is important — even if most Muslims would rather it were n’t the case .
Today ’s hajj — given the widening sectarian rifts within Islam — is also very much about politics .
To some extent , of course , it ’s always been that way .
The royals in Riyadh have always taken their guardianship of the Two Holy Places in Mecca and Medina as a key to the spiritual and political guidance of the global community of believers .
( It should be said , by the way , that though the Saudis invariably evoke the " nonpolitical " character of the hajj , they ’ve also been known to shower pilgrims with literature espousing the benefits of the sere Wahhabi version of Islam that holds inside the kingdom . )
Given this potentially explosive mix of politics and religion , the recent war of words between the governments of Iran and the hajj ’s Saudi Arabian hosts deserves to be taken seriously .
On Oct. 26 , Iran ’s Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei , met with officials from the Iranian hajj organizing committee and seized the occasion to rail against alleged past mistreatment of his compatriots during the pilgrimage .
" Such acts are against the unity of Muslims and contribute to the goals and wishes of the U.S. and foreign intelligence services , " he said .
" The Saudi government should fulfill its duty in confronting these acts . "
He received immediate support from President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who warned on his Web site that the government in Tehran would respond with a " necessary decision " to defend the dignity of Iranian pilgrims .
On Nov. 2 the Saudi cabinet of ministers fired back : " The kingdom does not permit any party to disrupt the security of the pilgrims or to attempt to divide the ranks of Muslims . "
The text did n’t mention Iran by name , but everyone in the region knew whom the Saudis had in mind .
The hajj has remained a central battleground for these two rivals at least since the 1979 Iranian Revolution , as Saudi Arabia and Iran have competed for regional influence and worked to spread their competing interpretations of Islam .
Those divisions remain alive and well despite some superficial improvements in places like Iraq and Lebanon — and hopeful rhetoric from President Obama .
The rise of a Shia - dominated government in Iraq and Iran ’s nuclear aspirations certainly have n’t helped to assuage Saudi fears .
Throughout the 1980s , Iranian pilgrims tried to use the hajj as an opportunity to propagate Islam à la Khomeini .
That conflict culminated in full - scale riots in 1987 , when Saudi security forces opened fire on demonstrators .
The clashes resulted in 402 deaths , not to mention some 600 wounded .
That ’s a nightmare that the Saudis , presumably , would do anything to avoid .
And they probably are n’t finding much consolation in a recent statement by an Iranian government spokesman that this year ’s Iranian pilgrims are planning to stage a " peaceful demonstration " calling for " Death to Israel , Death to America . "
( Apparently , he did n’t notice any irony . )
And yet , as Tariq Alhomayed of the London - based newspaper al - Sharq Al - Awsat points out , the situation has recently deteriorated further .
" We ’ve always expected a certain degree of tension , but usually they do n’t talk about it this openly , " he notes .
One reason , he says , is that the present Iranian leadership is facing intense domestic pressure in the wake of the controversial elections earlier this year and the mass demonstrations and dissent that followed .
Confronted with a crisis of legitimacy at home , he says , stoking the conflict with the traditional enemy — the hated Sunni Arabs — is one logical way to rally people around the powers - that - be .
He speculates the Iranians might also be angry about the mysterious defection of an Iranian scientist , allegedly connected with Iran ’s nuclear research program , during his visit to the kingdom earlier this year to perform the umrah , the " lesser pilgrimage " to the holy sites .
Even if the Americans were behind the defection , he says , they probably would n’t have been able to carry it off without the cooperation of Saudi security authorities .
For their part , the Saudis see Iran as vulnerable and are not willing to let any criticism of their patronage of the hajj go unpunished .
" In the past Iran has said this stuff and they [ the Saudis ] chose to let it go , " says Anoush Ehteshami , a specialist on Gulf security at Britain ’s Durham University .
" This year they have n’t .
The Saudis are looking at Iran now as a wounded animal , and they ’re not going to take this stuff from the Iranians in the usual fashion . "
Then there ’s the regional context .
One reason for Tehran ’s display of attitude might well have to do with the extent to which its international influence has grown over the past decade — indirectly abetted by the United States , which toppled Tehran ’s archenemy Saddam Hussein and brought Shiite parties to power in Baghdad .
The Sunni - dominated countries in the Middle East and South Asia are reacting with conspicuous skittishness to the new assertiveness of Shiite groups throughout the area .
The Saudis are particularly worried about the large Shiite population within Saudi Arabia ’s own oil - rich Eastern Province , which has sometimes found itself at odds with the harsh Wahabbi version of Sunni Islam that dominates the kingdom .
This war of words over the hajj could very easily take the form of a shooting war in Saudi Arabia ’s unstable southern neighbor , Yemen .
Simmering tensions between the Saudis and Houthi rebels in Yemen ’s lawless northeast exploded into open conflict last month , prompting subsequent Saudi air strikes along the Yemeni border .
The Houthis are Shiites , and even if their own brand of Shiism differs rather starkly from the Iranians ’ , their discontent with the central government in Yemen and the traditional lawlessness of their region potentially make them a perfect instrument for Iranian troublemaking .
( Whether the Houthis are actually acting on Iran ’s behalf is somewhat disputed .
The Yemenis claim to have a captured a ship bringing Iranian weapons to the rebels , but so far they ’ve offered little to verify that .
One Yemeni newspaper recently claimed to have seen a map projecting the creation of an Iranian - sponsored Houthi state along the border — and then warned the Saudis to expect Iran - inspired " chaos " during the hajj . )
A Saudi-Iranian proxy war in Yemen could have a destabilizing effect throughout the region , as the other Gulf states would be forced to line up in support of either regional power .
There are already signs of this polarization :
When the Saudis canvassed their regional allies , the tiny , majority - Shiite state of Bahrain initially refrained from offering a statement of support .
The Bahraini parliament ultimately approved support for the Saudis , but only after the largest opposition bloc , representing Shiite voters , opted to abstain .
So what will actually happen when the expected 65,000 Iranian pilgrims descend on the hajj ?
Perhaps nothing .
But you can bet that Saudi security officials will be prepared , carefully vetting the lists of attendees provided by Tehran in order to screen out possible agitators .
Sadly , all the talk of political intrigue tends to hide the salient fact that , for the vast majority of hajjis , the pilgrimage is a life - transforming event that emphasizes peace , tolerance , and the equality of all believers despite racial , political , and national differences .
That ’s according to a 2009 statistical survey conducted by three American scholars , including Harvard economist Asim Ijaz Khwaja .
According to the study ’s findings , says Khwaja , efforts by the Saudis to impose their own brand of Islam on pilgrims — much less any other group ’s proselytizing effects — do n’t seem to have much effect .
And that ’s precisely because the modern hajj experience is a decidedly global one , where the average pilgrims are n’t necessarily traditionalist Arabs but pious , tolerant Southeast Asians .
" In today ’s Muslim world the average person you ’re interacting with is Indonesian , " he says .
One can only hope that the politics will catch up .
Posted on October 30 , 2009
Biden : Job Stats " Not 100 Percent Accurate "
" We know this is not 100 percent accurate , " he said .
" Further updates and corrections are going to be needed . "
Clown fish reared in acidified water lost the ability to " smell " danger Ocean acidification could cause fish to become " fatally attracted " to their predators , according to scientists .
A team studying the effects of acidification - caused by dissolved CO2 - on ocean reefs found that it leaves fish unable to " smell danger " .
Young clownfish that were reared in the acidified water became attracted to rather than repelled by the chemical signals released by predatory fish .
The findings were published in the journal Ecology Letters .
Danielle Dixson from James Cook University in Queensland , Australia , led the study .
She and her colleagues tested orange clown fish larvae that were raised in water with the same slightly alkaline pH as their ocean reef habitat , and those raised in more acidic water .
The team released the fish into a " flow chamber " with two water sources flowing in parallel .
One source was taken from tanks containing the clown fishes ' natural predators and one was drawn from tanks in which non-predatory fish were swimming .
" The flow rates are identical , so the water wo n't mix , " Ms Dixson explained .
" This allows the fish in the chamber to choose which water cue they prefer or dislike . "
In the test , the fish reared in normal water avoided the stream of water that their predators had been swimming in .
They detected the odour of a predator and swam away from it .
But , Ms Dixson said , fish raised in the more acidic water were strongly attracted to both the predatory and the non-predatory flumes .
The researchers say that their study shows that fish larvae " might exhibit a fatal attraction to predators at CO2 and pH levels that could occur in our oceans by 2100 on a business - as - usual scenario of greenhouse gas emissions " .
Smell of danger Previous studies have shown that fish rely on their sense of smell , or olfaction , to avoid being eaten during the what is known as their settlement process .
This is when the recently hatched larvae find a suitable , and safe , place to live .
At this vulnerable juvenile stage , the researchers pointed out , " the ability to detect and avoid predators is one of the most important mechanisms to ensure survival " .
Ms Dixson told BBC
News : " Ocean acidification has the potential to become a widespread problem and it's unknown how many organisms and ecosystems will cope with the decrease [ in ] pH .
" This study shows that ocean acidification could lead to an increase in the mortality of larvae . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. securities investigators raised repeated concern over how Bernard Madoff could be running an honest business , but never followed through on the many red flags they uncovered .
Accused swindler Bernard Madoff enters the Manhattan federal court house in New York , March 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Hundreds of documents released on Friday by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ’s portray an agency at times skeptical or dismissive of evidence that the now imprisoned mastermind of the world ’s largest Ponzi scheme was up to no good .
At other times , it appeared the agency knew that goings - on at Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC were improper but never followed through on their discoveries or on the allegations of chief whistleblower Harry Markopolos .
“ I do n’t think we should worry about Bernie finding out to whom we speak .... we are not telling anybody that we have found anything improper ( except for his lies to us , of course ) , ” one SEC investigator wrote in a May 16 , 2006 e-mail .
In September , SEC Inspector General David Kotz issued his full report on how the agency mishandled warnings and assigned inexperienced lawyers to examine Madoff .
He said this led to five botched probes starting in the early 1990s that might have unearthed Madoff ’s estimated $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme .
Madoff is serving a 150 - year prison sentence after pleading guilty to the fraud .
He told Kotz that if SEC lawyers had done some basic investigative work , it “ would ’ve been easy for them to see ” he was a crook .
The documents could prove fodder for the lawyers suing the SEC for negligence on behalf of several Madoff victims .
This week , the court - appointed trustee liquidating Madoff ’s firm estimated the crime cost investors at least $ 21.2 billion , but only $ 534 million of payments have been authorized .
The SEC under current Chairman Mary Schapiro is implementing reforms designed to avoid a repeat , including more oversight by senior lawyers and greater use of subpoenas .
MARKOPOLOS
The new documents highlight the role of Markopolos who in 2001 began asking the SEC how Madoff could sustain high returns for investors in all sorts of market conditions .
He said at the time that Madoff was either “ incredibly talented and / or lucky , ” or was using an unspecified process that needed investigation , or was running a Ponzi scheme .
Subsequent e-mails and handwritten notes sent during probes of Madoff ’s trading business show SEC staffers speculating or forwarding criticisms that it would be “ impossible ” for Madoff to perform as well he claimed .
In 2005 , some at the SEC dismissed Markopolos when he presented the agency with a report on Madoff , titled “ The World ’s Largest Hedge Fund is a Fraud . ”
“ I have some qualms about a self identified independent fraud analyst , ” one investigator wrote to a colleague .
Another said “ the author ’s motives are to make money by uncovering the alleged fraud .
I think he is on a fishing expedition and does n’t have the detailed understanding of Madoff ’s operations that we do . ”
A third admitted that there remained “ a little mystery ” about Madoff ’s operations , but that a Ponzi scheme did not appear likely “ from what we ’ve seen . ”
OTHERS HAD SUSPICIONS
Markopolos was n’t the only whistleblower .
In October 2005 , the SEC learned about an unnamed investor who claimed to be a former Madoff client and was “ deeply concerned that Madoff is running a very sophisticated fraudulent pyramid scheme . ”
Six months later , an anonymous letter addressed to then SEC Chairman Christopher Cox warned of “ a scandal of major proportion ” brewing at Madoff ’s firm .
Madoff would later claim astonishment the SEC did not catch him sooner , perhaps because its staff were star - struck by his reputation build over more than four decades on Wall Street .
But Arthur Levitt , who chaired the SEC from 1993 to 2001 , disputed that .
When asked if the SEC gave preferential treatment to financial titans accused of malfeasance , Levitt said it “ salivated , ” and would not “ go easy on anybody . ”
Both arguments are wrong .
If anything , ongoing economic problems are a sign that stimulus needs to be bolstered .
Deficits are a serious issue , but the immediate need for stimulus trumps the longer - term need for deficit reduction .
A self - reinforcing stretch of economic weakness would be far costlier than additional stimulus .
The Senate could take a step in the right direction by extending unemployment benefits without further delay .
That is the single most effective way to boost consumption  which , in turn , preserves jobs  because it creates spending that would otherwise not occur .
Next , Congress and the administration should agree on ways to ease the dire financial condition of the states .
Most important is continued aid for state Medicaid programs , which would ensure vital services , support jobs and free up money for other needs .
Governors will begin to prepare their new budgets in early 2010 , and those budgets will be in effect for a year , starting in July .
So the states need to know soon what to expect from the federal government through mid-2011 .
As long as the states are suffering , any economic recovery efforts by the federal government are undermined .
Other measures being floated are less effective than unemployment benefits and aid to states .
Many of the $ 250 checks to Social Security beneficiaries will not be spent quickly , because many recipients have no pressing need for the extra money .
Proposals by some lawmakers to extend and expand the $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time homebuyers are even less well targeted .
Since it was enacted in February , only an estimated 15 percent of buyers who claimed the credit needed the money to make the purchase .
It ’s not stimulus when you pay people to do something they would have done anyway .
It ’s waste .
To be highly effective as stimulus , cash aid must be targeted to needy populations .
The housing market would be better served by a reinvigorated attempt to reduce foreclosures , including , at long last , reducing principal balances for the millions of people who owe more on their homes than they are worth .
Gotta learn when to stay down .
Never get in the way of two girls fighting .
I learned that the hard way .
I was very , very young and my two middle sisters were having a heated argument at the top of the stairs in our house .
I , as a mere innocent 6 year old , wanted to pass by and go down the stairs ( I ’m sure to watch TV or something ) .
Well , pushing started and they fell down the stairs … on top of me .
My little head bounced up and down on each step , just like in the cartoons .
We reached the bottom and naturally the wind is knocked out of me ; having been the surf board for two older girls on a set of hardwood steps .
The next phrase has gone done in my family ’s history : “ Oh my God … I ’ve killed him ! ”
Now , naturally , my Mother was taking a crap and nearly killed herself getting her pants pulled up as she raced out of the bathroom .
I started breathing and the beatings began for my sisters .
I do n’t remember much of the fall , my head still hurts to this day .
Explains a LOT about me …
From 1975 ’s “ Physical Graffiti ” , “ Trampled Under Foot ” is one of those songs that I cannot understand a single lyric .
I get the chorus , but Plant might as well be speaking Martian , as I do n’t get a single word .
Had to read the lyric sheet to get the gist of the song .
I ’m like that with a lot of songs .
*****************
* The number of weeks paid out changes based on triggers set off by state unemployment rates .
The data is current through June 25 , 2009 .
** Eligiblity depends on how long you worked and how much you made prior to becoming unemployed .
Not every filer receives the maximum number of weeks available .
Have you exhausted your unemployment benefits ?
We want to hear your experiences .
E-mail your story to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be part of an upcoming article .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here
The day after Culture11 went under , Peter and I had a budget meeting where we agreed to slash our expenses fairly radically .
If there 's one thing I learned from living through the 2001 recession , it 's that I 'd rather have missed out on a few vacations or dinners out that I did n't need to give up , then have to give up eating because I did n't cut expenses fast enough .
Our initial plans cut our grocery bill , eating out , and so forth .
But we also set drop - dead dates for further cuts if his unemployment span stretched out -- when we would cut out the cable he was using to write reviews , when we would sell the car , when we would move to a cheaper place , and so forth .
This was maybe a little extreme , but something like it strikes me as the only logical reaction to a job loss in the middle of a recession .
There 's no telling how quickly you 'll be able to find a job , so you want to err on the conservative side .
I 'm totally mystified by people like this :
After working for more than a decade in New York ad shops , Chuck Hipsher moved to Detroit in 2005 .
He took a position at the Campbell - Ewald agency , where he helped launch the Chevrolet Silverado campaign .
Raised riding in the back of his grandfather 's Chevy pickup in Iowa , Mr. Hipsher , 50 , says he was " elated " at the opportunity .
He met his wife at the ad agency , and the two had a $ 40,000 wedding .
Kelly Hipsher , 32 , was laid off in October 2007 and found out she was pregnant in February 2008 .
A week later , Mr. Hipsher 's pink slip followed .
Two months after that , the out - of - work couple moved to Greenville , S.C. , to be closer to family and get a fresh start .
Together , they had received about $ 60,000 in severance .
" Now we have $ 600 to our name , " says Mr. Hipsher .
Although their rent was cheaper , Mr. Hipsher says the family continued to spend like before .
They moved with three cars -- two BMWs and a Chevy Silverado .
They continued to buy cases of $ 36 - a- bottle wine .
They spent $ 250 a month on a cleaning lady , and Mr. Hipsher dropped $ 50 a week on flowers for his wife .
The couple still dined out regularly .
" We were stupid , " he says .
" You become accustomed to a certain lifestyle .
When your world changes and things dictate that you change , you 're pretty stubborn to give things up . "
He sold the BMWs and voluntarily turned in his beloved Silverado to avoid the repo man .
" It was heartbreaking , " he says .
He replaced the fancy wheels with a Chrysler minivan .
Before the layoffs , the Hipshers had no debt .
Today , they owe about $ 70,000 -- including money borrowed from family members and $ 31,000 in credit - card debt .
To hold off the collection companies that call daily , Mr. Hipsher says he is doing his best but is also considering filing for personal bankruptcy .
After a stint selling new and used BMWs on a lot in Greenville , Mr. Hipsher recently began consulting for free for a small marketing firm , " to stay busy . "
In September , a Web solutions company hired him as a marketing director .
Between salary and commission , he thought he could match half his old income .
But so far , he says he 's only received about $ 1,220 .
Tight for cash recently , he pawned his wife 's $ 12,000 wedding ring for a $ 2,000 loan .
He has until Dec. 28 to pay back the principal , plus $ 500 in interest -- or else he forfeits the ring .
Looking back , he kicks himself for failing to enforce financial discipline right after losing his job in Detroit .
" That precious nest egg is gone , " he says .
I get a panic attack just reading it .
What psychological quirk makes you maintain three expensive cars , flowers , and fine wine when you 're both out of work ?
From the GREAT STATE OF MAINE ...
Postscript
" Please , sir , may I have another ? "
The lesson we learned last night in Maine is pretty simple : if you want to deny the right of gay people to get married , just put it to a popular vote .
Iowa , New Hampshire , Vermont , Connecticut --- I believe they 'd all vote it down , too , if given the opportunity .
Let 's not kid ourselves ... this is gay marriage .
And to well over half the people in this country in late 2009 , you might as well call it pig vomit .
No minds were changed here over the course of the last five months .
If the ' No ' campaign had been tougher and the ' Yes ' campaign had been softer , the result would 've been the same .
And that is to say : dead wrong .
But we are a country that is dead wrong about a lot of things , especially on social issues .
We love our comfort zones .
We love the status quo .
We love saying that all people are created equal , but not actually treating them equal .
Things is good enough the way they is .
That 's a tough nut to crack .
To many in this state , we have just insulated ourselves against having to see two dudes in wedding dresses charge down the aisle of their local church singing , " Here Comes the Bride " and then racing to the local kindergarten to continue the gay recruiting process .
( Gotta indoctrinate 'em while they 're young , y'know --- we learned that by watching organized religion . )
They have just voted to avoid something icky .
You can pick apart the campaign strategies and tactics seven ways to Sunday , but you 'll always come back to that fact : fifty three percent of voters did n’t vote ' Yes . '
They voted ' Ick . '
And it is the ' Ick factor ' ( call it the gay version of the so - called " Bradley Effect " ) that confounded the number crunchers .
It 's easy to overlook --- but it 's very real and can be counted on to add a minimum of 3 - 5 points to the other team 's scoreboard .
People are asking --- wisely , from a safe distance --- how Michael and I are feeling today .
We 're bummed , of course .
When half a million people barge into your home , raid your fridge , drain your liquor cabinet ( not happy about that ) , jump up and down on your sofa , and then announce they 've decided you can't become a dues - paying member of their club because you 're a little too weird for their taste , it stings a bit .
But this is n’t the first time our civil rights have been yanked from us by our neighbors , and it may not be the last .
And yet --- here comes the golden ray of sunshine --- I'm HOPEFUL !
In fact , it is impossible for me to get too down about this .
First , what 's done is done .
Second , Bacardi --- it ’s what 's for breakfast .
And third , 47 percent of Mainers are cool with gay marriage --- that 's as high as it's ever been , and it ai n't goin ' down .
Which leads me to my next paragraph .
This morning the words of America 's first openly - gay Episcopal Bishop , V. Gene Robinson --- who has endured bigotry of the worst kind , including an assassination attempt --- are soothing my savage manboobs .
Robinson visited Portland several weeks ago to talk about Question 1 .
He raised the all - too - real possibility that things would n’t go our way this time .
And now that the results are in and the vote did n’t go our way , his words are helping me this morning .
A lot .
He said that we 've already won this fight , it 's just a question of timing .
Here 's what he means .
Look at this result from last night , courtesy of Adam Bink at Open Left .
It is the only thing I 've shed tears over this morning , and they are happy ones :
-
Final numbers are in from [ University of Maine ] - Orono campus - 81 % No , 19 % Yes .
-
A ' No ' vote was a vote to keep the same - sex marriage law in place .
Look at that : 81 percent No , 19 percent Yes .
That 's the future of gay rights in America .
It 's coming .
It 's on our doorstep .
It 's just a matter of time .
All Schubert - Flint and NOM and the Catholic church did last night was kick the can down the road a bit .
As Bishop Robinson said :
-
" We 're in this for the long haul .
Keep your energy up and your focus clear .
We can be in it for the long haul because we know how this is gonna end : full equality . "
-
Or , to quote Dan Savage :
-
" It 's like ' Gay Survivor , ' we 're going to outlive , outlast , and outsmart the bigots . "
-
Do n’t think for a second that they do n’t know it .
And do n't think for a second that , despite their smiling faces this morning , it does n't haunt their dreams .
So that 's where I am this morning .
Thank you so much for your support and kind comments .
A full C&J returns tomorrow , but below the fold is a look back at our reaction when history of another kind was made one year ago today as --- say it with me , teabaggers !--- Barack Obama destroyed the hapless Palin / McCain ticket to become the first African - American president of the United States .
That 's worth re-celebrating .
That 's worth smiling about .
Cheers and Jeers enters the wayback machine in There 's Moreville ... [ Swoosh ! ! ]
RIGHTNOW ! [ Gong ! ! ]
Antonio Rogerio ‘ Minotoro ’ Nogueira made an immediate impact in his debut at UFC 106 as he handed Luiz Arthur Cane the first genuine defeat of his mixed martial arts career , and took home the ‘ Knockout Of The Night ’ award .
Let ’s take a closer look at the career to date of this fighter who could be set to make a major impact in the UFC ’s light heavyweight division .
After fighting mainly in Japan ( including 10 fights in PRIDE ) for the majority of his career , Rogerio has finally joined the sports biggest promotion at a relatively late stage in his career .
Now 33 years old , he carries a professional record of 18 - 3 and has fought some of the sports best known stars including Dan Henderson , Alistair Overeem ( twice ) , and Maurcio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua .
He is currently associated with the Black House stable where he has the luxury of formidable training partners like Anderson Silva , Lyoto Machida and of course his brother Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira .
Part of what makes Rogerio such a challenging opponent is that he is dangerous both on his feet and on the ground .
To date he claims five knockouts and six submissions among his eighteen victories .
Let ’s take a look at his key skills more closely .
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
Like his twin brother , former Pride champion and UFC interim heavyweight champion Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira , Rogerio is a submission specialist holding a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu .
In the early part of his career BJJ would play an important part in establishing his reputation .
In particular the armbar has often been his weapon of choice , utilizing it to gain victories in his first two professional bouts , and later defeating both Kazuhiro Nakamura and Dan Henderson by the same method in PRIDE .
The Dan Henderson fight in particular gives a good showcase of the Brazilian ’s well rounded skills .
Rogerio is comfortable striking with the heavy - handed American throughout the fight , but what ’s more impressive is how he deals with Henderson when the fight goes to the mat .
On your back is often the last place you want to be against a dominant wrestler like Dan Henderson but Nogueira uses his BJJ to good effect , both to nullify the majority of his ground & pound attack , and to remain an offensive threat himself .
Later he shows equally slick technique from top position as he initially goes for the kimura and then transitions into the armbar to earn the victory .
It ’s a fight that gives a good insight into how Nogueira could fit in at the very top of the LHW division .
Watch the full bout below …
Boxing
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not the only string to Rogerio ’s bow however .
He also has experience as an amateur boxer and has won several championships since 2006 in his native Brazil and across South America .
Despite this there are some who would question whether he is a real power puncher , with several of his fights going the distance , particularly early in his career .
It is however interesting to note that his success in the boxing ring in recent times appears to have coincided with an increase in the number of knockout victories on his MMA record .
In the first 13 fights of his pro career Rogerio failed to finish a fight inside the distance with strikes .
Since 2006 things have changed , and five of his last seven victories have come via TKO or KO .
They include a technical knockout of current Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair Overeem in Pride , a demolition of former UFC fighter Edwin Dewees in Affliction , and of course his most recent KO of light heavyweight prospect Luiz Arthur Cane .
His latest victory was all the more impressive considering the fact that it was his debut for the UFC and Cane had never been stopped before ( his only loss having come by way of a DQ ) .
After the fight Dana White is reported to have congratulated Nogueira and told him , “ Do you have the idea who you just defeated ?
The man we were about to match as the next contender for the belt . ”
Losses
Sometimes you can tell more about a fighter in defeat than in victory .
Rogerio ’s first loss came in his fourth pro fight back in 2002 when he fought UFC veteran Vladimir Matyushenko .
On that occasion he would lose via unanimous decision , but nearly seven years later he would gain his revenge by knocking out ‘ The Janitor ’ with a knee strike at Affliction : Day Of Reckoning .
The second of his three losses came against the man many people believe should be the current light heavyweight champion – Mauricio Shogun Rua .
Fighting his fellow Brazilian in PRIDE just two months after beating Dan Henderson , it turned out to be a classic bout that is believed to be one of the best fights in the history of the organization .
Sit back and watch the fight for yourself below …
Again Rogerio would be on the wrong side of a judges decision , but there was much to admire about his performance as he knocked down Rua in the first , survived a knockdown of his own in the third .
He also demonstrated his resilience from his back , surviving an onslaught of flying foot stomps and soccer kicks ( legal in PRIDE , not in the UFC ) and stayed active offensively , including attempting his favored armbar several times during the battle .
The third and most decisive loss in Nogueira ’s career to date came two fights later against Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou .
After only 23 seconds of the first round at PRIDE 33 he lay knocked out after paying the price for dropping his hands getting caught with a less than technical , but undeniably effective left hook from ‘ The African Assassin ’ .
To his credit Nogueira did n’t get discouraged by the K.O and has since went six fights undefeated in promotions like Affliction , Sengoko and of course most recently the UFC .
The Future
After his most recent win the future looks bright for Antonio Rogerio Nogueira .
Already ranked as a top ten light heavyweight , another one or two impressive performances could well establish him as the top contender in the division .
Just how long it will take may depend on circumstances outside of his control .
For instance an obvious fight to make is a rematch with Shogun Rua .
If Rua were to win the title in his rematch against Lyoto Machida then that ’s a fight the UFC may look to put on sooner rather than later .
On the other hand if Rua were to lose then the rematch would still be a no- brainer , putting another obstacle in Rogerio ’s way before earning a title shot .
With Machida Vs Shogun 2 not taking place until May 1st , Nogueira is however certain to fight again in the mean time .
Of the available options a bout with Forrest Griffin stands out .
It would afford him the chance to take on an established star , and one who he matches up with favorably .
Another scenario would be to have him fight the winner of Rashad Evans Vs Thiago Silva which takes place at UFC 108 in January .
A win over either would lend further credibility to his push to become the No.1 contender in the division .
Whatever happens it is apparent that the UFC has significantly enhanced the options at the top end of the LHW division with the addition of Antonio Rodrigo ‘ Minotoro ’ Nogueira .
With his well rounded , technical skills , years of experience and possessing the famed Nogueira toughness , he is as dangerous as any of the top contenders in the division at this moment in time .
Article by RossC
—
If you enjoyed this article then you might like some of our other in - depth fighter features such as :
Taking A Closer At TUF 10 Competitor Marcus Jones
Taking A Closer Look At New Strikeforce Signing Marius Zaromskis
Lyoto Machida : Analyzing The Dragon
—
I received a lot of emails in response to Beware The Ice Age Cometh : Hackers Prove Global Warming Is A Scam
Many were from religious zealots of global warming theory , and as you might surmise they were not printable .
A few common sense comments came my way suggesting that the hackers or insiders ( I believe the latter ) did not prove global warming was a scam , only that that there is proof scammers are involved in global warming .
I have to admit that is true .
Apologies offered .
That admission aside , even more damning data has surfaced in regards to data manipulation .
The site Watts Up With That ? has this interview with Dr. Tim Ball
It seems Dr. Tim Ball was aware of the data manipulation but could not prove it .
Here is a partial transcript but I assure you the video is worth listening to entirely .
" [ The Emails ] confirm suspicions that I have had in 30 years of working in climate science that I saw the hijacking of climate science particularly by computer modelers and then by a small group of people associated with the intergovernmental panel on climate change .
The difficulty was that even though I sensed there was these thing going on , proving it is extremely difficult .
But now with the exposure of these public files it is not only a smoking gun , it 's a battery of machine guns .
...
On A global scale it 's frightening .
This group of people not only controlled the Hadley Center which controls the global data on temperatures , so that the global temperature record is in their hands , they also control the IPCC .
...
The IPCC is the basis in all governments for the Kyoto Protocol , the Copenhagen Accord , and so on .
.....
The problem they had is they kept saying the 20th century and the latter part of it is the warmest ever .
And of course skeptics like myself [ and several other names ] were saying it was warmer 1000 years ago when the Vikings were in Iceland and Greenland and that 's why they decided they had to get rid of the Medieval Warm Period and they achieved that with the hockey stick .
In other words they completely rewrote the history . "
It Was Warmer 1000 Years Ago Than Now
There you have it .
Reputable scientists think it was warmer 1000 years ago than it is today in spite of all the greenhouse gasses emitted .
That does not disprove global warming now , but it sure makes mince meat of the theory that greenhouse gasses are to blame .
Al Gore on SNL skit : What Up With That ?
Al Gore was on Saturday Night Live in a skit What Up With That ?
Irony abounds .
I wonder what Gore was thinking during all this ?
The Harry_Read_Me File
Inquiring minds looking for more damning evidence of data manipulation and sheer incompetence can find it in the The Harry_Read_Me File
The hacked e-mails were damning , but the problems they had handling their own data at CRU are a dagger to the heart of the global warming “ theory . ”
There is a large file of comments by a programmer at CRU called HARRY_READ_ME documenting that their data processing and modeling functions were completely out of control .
They fudged so much that NOTHING that came out of CRU can have ANY believability .
If the word can be gotten out on this and understood it is the end of the global warming myth .
This much bigger than the e-mails .
For techie takes on this see :
http://www.tickerforum.org/cgi-ticker/akcs-www?post=118625&page=13
CLIMATEGATE : My analysis of the CRU files , starting with " documents/HARRY_READ_ME.txt "
To base a re-making of the global economy ( i.e. cap - and - trade ) on disastrously and hopelessly messed up data like this would be insanity .
Do People Select Causes or Do Causes Select People ?
I do not think we should have entered this war but we can't leave now
We can't leave now
We can't leave now
We can't leave now
religious
Al Gore 's Crusade
A Rational Thought Process
The Science study argues [ the Cap - and - trade program ] is a false economy , because it does n't consider changes in land use .
If mature forests are cleared to make room for biofuel - growing farms , then the carbon that would otherwise accumulate in those forests ought to be counted on ethanol 's balance sheet as well .
Cap - and - trade programs exacerbate the problem because developed countries ( where emissions are putatively capped ) get credit for reductions from ethanol — despite the fact that their biofuels are generally grown in developing countries ( where emissions are n't capped ) .
So if Malaysians burn down a rain forest to grow palm oil that ends up in German biodiesel , Malaysia does n't count the land - use emissions and Germany does n't count the tail - pipe emissions .
By way of a solution , Mr. Searchinger and his coauthors modestly suggest doing away with the regulatory three - card monte and counting net ethanol emissions from where they are actually emitted .
But this is political heresy on Rep. Henry Waxman 's Energy and Commerce Committee , which passed its own cap - and - tax program in July with the votes of farm - state Democrats , because the bill all but banned the Environmental Protection Agency from studying land - use changes .
So much for letting " the science " guide public policy .
Gearlog talked with Verizon HQ to clarify the much debated extra $ 15 for Exchange confusion .
The official response was good .
The bottom line is this :
For personal accounts , the 30 $ data plan includes everything – including Exchange .
Business accounts have $ 45 data plans – and they too include Exchange .
So there you have it .
The price depends solely on whether or not you ’ve got a personal or a business account .
There ’s no “ extra ” for Exchange .
The confusion could be blamed on a couple things .
For example , the wording in the last quote we saw :
“ Verizon offers three data plans for Droid customers : $ 30 month on top of your voice plan ’s rate for non-Exchange usage , $ 45 per month on top of your voice plan ’s rate for Exchange usage , and $ 50 per month total cost for a data - only plan ( whether or not you use it to access Exchange ) .
Verizon spokeswoman Brenda Raney notes that the requirement to get the $ 45 “ smartphone plan ” for corporate e-mail usage applies to any smartphone , such as the BlackBerry — not just to the Droid .
“ The Droid is primarily a consumer phone , ” Raney adds . ”
.. could perhaps ( clearly ? ) be taken a couple different ways .
It ’s still confusing to re-read that .
I think the word “ corporate ” should have been used more and “ exchange usage / non - exchange usage ” less .
So big thanks go out to GearLog for getting the facts straight from VZW HQ on this one .
[ Thanks resno ! ]
What is Dubai and who runs it ?
Dubai 's government could soon be bankrupt if it does not receive support
The glittering city in the desert has gone from the pinnacle of the world economic boom to the brink of bankruptcy .
Christopher Davidson of Durham University explains some of the background .
The inability of the government of Dubai to refinance the massive debts incurred by its largest state - owned company , Dubai World , has sent shockwaves throughout the world prompting many observers to ask not only how severe the economic crisis is , but also what exactly is Dubai and who is in control of it ?
What went wrong in Dubai Dubai does not have the enormous oil wealth enjoyed by its neighbours such as Abu Dhabi .
Its main source of wealth has historically been as a port .
In recent years it has sought to make money from property development and luxury tourism , building impressive hotels such as the Burj al - Arab .
The global downturn left many financial workers unemployed .
The population fell an estimated 17 % , meaning there was little demand for new properties .
There was also less demand for luxury holidays .
Dubai companies have borrowed money to fund huge building projects such as " The World " and are now unable to repay it .
There are jitters on financial markets about who lent all the money .
European banks are estimated to have lent more than £ 50bn to the whole of the United Arab Emirates .
Dubai state - backed companies may also have to sell - off some of their assets overseas such as luxury property in London and the Turnberry golf course in Scotland .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Although frequently described as a city state or even as a country in its own right , Dubai is a constituent member of the federation of United Arab Emirates along with six other emirates .
Only one of these , Abu Dhabi , possesses substantial oil reserves , and as such it has dominated most areas of federal politics - including foreign affairs and defence - since the UAE was formed following Britain 's withdrawal from the Persian Gulf in 1971 .
Control Dubai , however , has always maintained an air of autonomy within the federation as a result of its long history as a successful free port .
When the UAE constitution was drafted this relative independence was taken into account as each emirate was allowed to retain control over its own natural resources and economic development path .
Gradually Dubai did allow itself to integrate more fully into the UAE , finally handing over its militia - the Dubai Defence Force - in 1996 .
But this move was interpreted at the time as a means of transferring costly services to the federal government so as to allow Dubai to pursue its economic ambitions .
Put simply , everyone in the markets thought that , in the end , the federal government in Abu Dhabi would stand by all of Dubai 's bad bets .
Apparently , they wo n't .
Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor
Dubai : Too big to fail ?
Dubai views : ' The end of the dream '
Send us your comments
With little oil , Dubai 's only hope of maintaining a distinct identity from Abu Dhabi was to diversify at a fast pace , building up various non-oil sectors such as luxury tourism and real estate .
Overextended
On paper it was succeeding , as by 2008 over 95 % of its GDP was made up by such sectors .
But with the onset of the credit crunch much of this success began to come undone as foreign direct investment and appetite for these activities faded .
Dubai had also badly overextended itself with most of its mega projects - including giant manmade islands - being financed by large debts .
Dubai World has fuelled the emirate 's rapid economic growth of recent years
With most of these needing to be refinanced in the near future , the emirate 's government spent most of 2009 trying to attract international creditors but was largely unsuccessful .
With Abu Dhabi providing some limited financial assistance , both in February 2009 and earlier this week , Dubai managed to keep afloat .
But with Abu Dhabi's clear unwillingness to completely bail out Dubai , much attention has been placed on the relationship between the two emirates , especially since the recent default .
If Abu Dhabi does not provide more help , then the government of Dubai will soon be bankrupt .
Competition Although the ruler of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , recently told journalists to " shut up " and stop referring to Dubai and Abu Dhabi as being separate , and although the Al Maktoum family is of the same tribe as Abu Dhabi 's ruling Al Nahyan family - the Bani Yas - the two dynasties nonetheless have a long history of rivalry .
Dubai's boom was built by hundreds of thousands of migrant labourers
In 1833 , Dubai broke away from Abu Dhabi and had to rely on British protection .
Even in the 1940s , there was armed conflict between the two neighbours .
More recently , there has been intense competition , including each establishing its own ' national airline ' despite obvious overlaps .
As such , further assistance from Abu Dhabi is far from guaranteed .
Beyond the government and the ruling family there will also be a broader impact of the crisis in Dubai .
Thousands of migrant workers , mostly from South Asia , are already stranded in the emirate , and there are likely to be more over the coming weeks as more companies cease their operations or face cutbacks .
These men will have difficulty returning home .
Similarly many other expatriates , some of them Westerners , will also lose their jobs , and the many foreigners who invested in the emirate 's much vaunted real estate sector may see substantial losses on the properties they purchased as investments , retirement homes , or holiday villas .
Christopher Davidson is the author of Dubai : The Vulnerability of Success
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
photos by mod4
The Official Star Wars Blog reports on a very unique wedding cake that recreated the scene in Star Wars Episode V : The Empire Strikes Back where Luke Skywalker keeps warm on Hoth in the guts of a dead Tauntaun .
See Previously : Tauntaun Sleeping Bag
November 21 , 2009 is 37th Annual World Hello Day
Did you know that today , November 21 , is World Hello Day ?
The objective is to say “ hello ” to ten people on the day .
By greeting others , the message is for world leaders to use communication rather than force to settle conflicts .
Brian and Michael McCormack initiated the event in 1973 to help ease the conflict way back then between Egypt and Israel .
Despite the fact that very few people know about this celebration , at least there are several who know the significance of November 21 .
Celebrities who celebrate World Hello Day include Barbara Bush , Colin Powell , Henry Ford , Hosni Mubarak , Jesse Jackson , Jimmy Carter , Kofi Annan , Queen Elizabeth II , Ravi Shankar , Ronald Reagan , Stevie Wonder , The Dalai Lama and Whoopi Goldberg , among others .
If you were reading this , then it would be good if you can celebrate it by saying “ hello ” to ten people today and spread the knowledge of this celebration .
If this word can help ease conflicts before , why ca n’t it do the same now ?
Facts about “ hello ” include the following :
The word “ hello ” was first used as early as 1833 .
Students learning a new programming language usually write a program called “ Hello , world ! ”
The objective is to output that greeting in the screen .
The objective is to output that greeting in the screen .
That there was an attempt to replace “ hello ” with “ heaven - o ” as the former contains the word “ hell ” in it .
“ Hello ” never had its roots from the word “ hell ” .
The most famous celebrity associated with “ hello ” is undoubtedly Hello Kitty
By the way , November 21 is also World Television Day .
A large crane that was removing an oak tree in the US state of California has split a house in half .
Officials say the crane in Santa Rosa fell backwards because the weight of the tree was more than the crane could handle .
The BBC's Matthew Amroliwala describes the scene .
A lot of folks have asked me why I was n’t more energized initially about the climate emails .
One reasons is that they do n’t really reveal much that I and others who did not go along blindly with the orthodoxy knew for years .
The emails are kind of like getting a written confession from OJ Simpson to Nicole Brown ’s murder - newsworthy , but it would n’t be confirming anything I did n’t already know .
Here is a good example .
I wrote this November 10 , 2007 :
By the way , here is a little lesson about the integrity of climate science .
See that light blue line [ in this graph from the IPCC Fourth Assessment ] ?
Here , let ’s highlight it :
For some reason , the study ’s author cut the data off around 1950 .
Is that where his proxy ended ?
No , in fact he had decades of proxy data left .
However , his proxy data turned sharply downwards in 1950 .
Since this did not tell the story he wanted to tell , he hid the offending data by cutting off the line , choosing to conceal the problem rather than have an open scientific discussion about it .
The study ’s author ?
Keith Briffa , who the IPCC named to lead this section of their Fourth Assessment .
The recent data release apparently includes this chart of Briffa ’s proxy data discussed above ( from Steve McIntyre via Anthony Watts ) :
For the very first time , the Climategate Letters “ archived ” the deleted portion of the Briffa MXD reconstruction of “ Hide the Decline ” fame – see here .
Gavin Schmidt claimed that the decline had been “ hidden in plain sight ” ( see here . ) .
This is n’t true .
The post -1960 data was deleted from the archived version of this reconstruction at NOAA here and not shown in the corresponding figure in Briffa et al 2001 .
Nor was the decline shown in the IPCC 2001 graph , one that Mann , Jones , Briffa , Folland and Karl were working in the two weeks prior to the “ trick ” email ( or for that matter in the IPCC 2007 graph , an issue that I ’ll return to . )
A retrieval script follows .
For now , here is a graphic showing the deleted data in red .
Figure 1 .
Two versions of Briffa MXD reconstruction , showing archived and climategate versions .
The relevant IPCC 2001 graph , shown below , clearly does not show the decline in the Briffa MXD reconstruction .
Contrary to Gavin Schmidt ’s claim that the decline is “ hidden in plain sight ” , the inconvenient data has simply been deleted .
I think his hockey stick looks a little flacid .
Fortunately someone invented Tiljander sediments , a form of data Viagra ( as long as one flips it upside down ) and such games were no longer necessary .
Crain's Chicago Business is reporting Cook County sales - tax receipts plunge .
Suburban Cook County experienced the biggest drop in sales tax revenue during the second quarter relative to the six collar counties , according to a study released Wednesday .
Sales tax revenue plummeted 14.4 % during the April - June period from a year ago , based on a study conducted by the Chaddick Institute for Metropolitan Development at DePaul University .
That followed a 12.1 % drop in the first quarter and compares with a regional average of an 11.8 % slump .
Suburban Cook County excludes Chicago and Evanston .
The recession has hit the heartland very hard , ” says Joseph Schwieterman , director of the Chaddick Institute and professor of public service at DePaul .
However , “ crossing the 10 % threshold has appeared to have changed the consumer ’s buying experience . ”
For all of 2008 , sales tax revenue fell 4.5 % in suburban Cook County .
That compares with a 4.1 % decline for the region on average , the study showed .
Cook County ’s second - quarter revenue loss topped a 13.3 % drop in tax receipts in Lake County .
DuPage was next with a 12.7 % decrease .
Just near the edges of Cook County , sales tax revenue has plummeted as well .
The village of Barrington Hills , near Lake County , posted the biggest loss , down 34.3 % .
The village of Barrington followed with a 19.5 % loss in sales tax revenue .
The city of Chicago fared better than the rest of Cook County , posting a 9.6 % drop in sales tax revenue in the second quarter .
That 's after an 8.6 % decline in the first quarter for the city vs. a 12.1 % drop for the suburban county .
The report attributed the relative outperformance of Chicago , in part , to the addition of new big - box stores , which helped improve the quantity and price - competitiveness of the city ’s retail sector and reduced the drain of retail dollars to neighboring communities .
Outperformance of Chicago
The village of Barrington Hills , near Lake County , posted the biggest loss , down 34.3 % .
The village of Barrington followed with a 19.5 % loss in sales tax revenue .
Chicago Raises Property Taxes
October 20 , 2009
Probably not much of a shock , but it ’s now official : Collectively , homeowners and businesses in Cook County are being hit up for 4.2 percent more in property taxes this year than last .
The semi-annual round of property tax bills will be arriving in mail boxes across the county in coming weeks , and most will be bigger than last year .
Results will clearly vary from house to house , shop to shop and factory to factory , but the total property tax burden for Chicago taxpayers will rise more than 6 percent over last year , the clerk ’s office said .
Suburban taxpayers as a group will see a lower increase , but it is difficult to come up with a comparable projection because most communities are comprised of a plethora of taxing districts that apply to some residents and not others .
Despite last year ’s housing market crash , tax officials calculate that property values for tax purposes rose 8.23 percent in suburban townships and 9.96 percent in the city .
The calculation includes an array of moving parts , not the least of which is the gradual phase out of a program to limit assessment increases that was implemented at the height of the housing market boom earlier this decade .
Chicago Proud To Say " We Have The Highest Taxes In The Nation "
Chicago is no longer the " Second City " when it comes to the sales taxes .
Thanks to a 1 percent sales tax increase that went into effect Tuesday , we 're number one in the nation .
Some shoppers are promising to revolt , but will they ?
The 1 percent increase hikes the sales tax in Chicago to 10.25 percent .
By comparison , the sales tax in Lake and Will counties is 7 percent , and in DuPage County , it 's 7.25 percent .
A sales tax of 10.25 percent is also significantly higher than the sales tax in other major cities .
New York , Los Angeles and Dallas all have a sales tax of less than 8.3 percent , Phoenix has a tax of 6.3 percent , and Denver 's sales tax is only 3.6 percent .
Birmingham , Ala. , earlier this year passed a sales tax hike -- to 10 percent .
It will definitely be cheaper to shop in the suburbs .
Buy a $ 500 TV in DuPage County where the taxes are 6.75 percent and you 'll pay $ 534 , in Chicago where the taxes are 9 percent , you 'll pay $ 545 for that same television , and when taxes increase to 10.25 percent , you 'll pay $ 551 .
" It 's kind of frustrating , " Ashmalla said .
" I go to Best Buy or something , and high - priced electronics – it adds like $ 20 , $ 30 to a TV I bought . "
" I 'm not going to be purchasing in Chicago much more – not electronics or anything high - priced , " he said .
Cook County Commissioner Tony Peraica ( R - 16th ) was one of the commissioners who led the fight against the tax hike .
He says it 's not too late to repeal it .
He plans to introduce the measure to repeal the sales tax at the next County Board meeting in mid-July , but he predicts getting his proposal to pass will be a challenge .
Leading a " tax revolt " outside the James R. Thompson Center on Tuesday , across the street from the County Building , Peraica told angry consumers , " This is nothing but a corruption tax ladies and gentlemen .
Corruption equals higher taxes ... "
At Left : A DuPage County gas station advertises that customers do n't have to pay the high taxes of stations in neighboring Cook County .
Businesses are concerned that consumers will leave Cook County to make purchases , and some businesses outside the county are capitalizing on the opportunity already .
Some residents of Palatine have been so upset by the tax hike that they have even talked about seceding from the county .
Sometimes , even The A.V.
Club is n’t impervious to the sexy allure of ostensible cultural garbage .
Which is why there ’s I Watched This On Purpose , our feature exploring the impulse to spend time with trashy - looking yet in some way irresistible entertainments , playing the long odds in hopes of a real reward and a good time .
Advertisement
Cultural infamy : 2008 ’s Twilight has a Metacritic score of 56 .
That ’s pretty lousy , but looking over the list of semi-positive reviews ( whoa , Entertainment Weekly gave it a B? ) , it does n’t sound like the sort of train wreck that normally demands attention .
It seems more like a middling , fairly dull adaptation of a bizarrely popular romance novel , aimed at a demographic I do n’t belong in , and earning fistfuls of money by giving the already existing fan base the nearest thing they can ever have to experiencing the story again for the first time .
Genevieve Koski , A.V. Club debutante , editor , and widely recognized staff expert in all things squealy , gave the movie a C- , stating that it “ never manages to strike the balance between the low - key romance it could be and the action - packed epic it wants to be . ”
By all accounts , watching Twilight is the cinematic equivalent of seeing a turnip shaped like the Virgin Mary : a miracle for the devoted , a punchline for everyone else .
Curiosity factor :
But that ’s part of the appeal , is n’t it ?
Reading about screaming fans stalking Robert Pattinson , the chalk - faced moper who plays Twilight ’s male lead , or seeing pictures of the conventions , and learning of the lengths people will go to prove their commitment to characters with only half a finger ’s hold on reality , offers the impression that you could summon mobs of rabid teenagers simply by leaning out a window on a cloudy day and shouting , “ Edward Cullen ! ” three times fast .
I ’ve loved a lot of different movies and books over the years , but I ’ve never been committed enough to any of them to want to make costumes or write elaborate wish - fulfilling fanfic .
( Look , that piece I did about the X - Men wanting to hire a new mutant named Jack Awesome who could skateboard real good was textured , okay ? )
And while obsessions are never as interesting to people on the outside as they are to the ones locked in sweaty rooms watching the New Moon trailer frame by frame , I ’m still curious about what drives this one .
It ’s the same reason I read a Left Behind book a while back — not because I thought it would be good , but because it can be fun to try and imagine why someone else thinks it ’s so good .
Advertisement
Plus , vampires !
Admittedly , they are n’t as cool as they used to be , but unlike , say , a Miley Cyrus movie , Twilight at least pretends to have horror elements .
That makes any medicine go down easier .
The viewing experience : I ’ve actually seen Twilight twice now .
I was n’t a 13 - year - old girl either time , so I doubt I ’m getting the full experience .
I can confirm for the curious that , yeah , this is a pretty dull movie .
At just over two hours long , it ’s at least 20 minutes longer than it had any right being ; the plot , what little there is , comprises maybe an hour .
The rest makes me think of the way stage comedies have to leave space between jokes for the audience to laugh , but here , instead of rapid - fire quippage , we have stumbling , banal dialogue punctuated by long looks at nothing that I assume are meant to give watchers a chance to swoon , safe in the knowledge that they wo n’t miss any important eye contact .
Advertisement
But it is n’t completely dull , or else I probably would n’t have survived a second viewing .
There are some unintentionally hilarious moments , like when Edward learns he ’ll be sharing a table in science class with Bella ( Kristen Stewart ) :
Advertisement
We later learn that he was overcome with an incredible , nearly uncontrollable desire to rip out her throat and drink her sweet , sulky blood on the spot , but what it really looks like is a guy who probably needs some alone time in the bathroom , and a fresh pair of pants .
A lot of the love babble between Stewart and Pattinson ( using the actors ’ last names makes it sound like a forbidden tryst between thriller novelists ) is easy to snicker at , and anytime you get a group of vampires together in one scene , the sub - par makeup and special effects betray the movie ’s basic indifference to its central conceit .
Yes , these are nominally monsters who drink blood and have weird skin conditions , but apart from Pattinson ’s surprisingly tormented performance , there ’s nothing really threatening about any of them .
Not even when they kill people .
Advertisement
For example , here ’s Pattinson revealing the horror of his true self in sunlight :
Advertisement
Again , it ’s easy to laugh at , because the actual effect of sparkling skin does n’t look eerie or pretty .
It ’s just something you might expect to see in a SyFy original about a group of murderous human prisms .
But there ’s something going on under the surface , past the obvious absurdity of the image .
Pattinson acts as though he ’s ashamed of his shine , but judging by Stewart ’s reaction , he ’s beautiful , not hideous .
Pattinson ’s shame about his monstrous nature is forgiven over and over again , by both Stewart and the narrative .
He has cool powers , he ’s devoted , he ’s protective , and , hey , that whole blood - drinking thing ?
Pfft , that ’s just , y’know , part of what being a dude is all about .
For the normals , it ’s wanting sex .
The fact that Pattinson admits more than once that his passionate , undying love makes him want to devour the object of his affection is just the same thing as getting a boner when Susie walks by in her field - hockey outfit , really .
And hey , when he ’s draining you dry , you do n’t even have to worry about getting him to wear a condom .
There ’s a lot of curious subtext flitting through the story , ideas that make the film impossible to take seriously ( such that it ’s creepy to realize that lots of people do take it seriously ) , but a lot more interesting than it would ’ve been without them .
I love how much the narrative goes out of its way to worship its heroine .
Her dad is supposed to be nice to her , since he ’s her dad , but every person she meets at school admires her too , and wants her approval or her attention .
In a more traditional teenage narrative , I ’d expect the lead to be the outcast , shunned by most of her peers because she ’s just so amazing that it takes a very special , very particular kind of person to realize how amazing she is .
Instead , you get the impression that if somebody did a thorough search of the town , they ’d find a lot of notebooks with hearts and stars surrounding Stewart ’s name .
Advertisement
The first time I saw the movie , I was impressed by Stewart ’s popularity .
It was n’t an expected choice , and it changed the nature of her relationship with Pattinson by making her stronger and more his equal , because she was n’t waiting for him to save her from being a loser .
Or at least that ’s how it could ’ve been , if Stewart was n’t such a lump of nothing .
I ’m not sure how much of this is her fault and how much is the text , but I ’m willing to give Stewart some benefit of the doubt , because I suspect this is part of the wish - fulfillment angle that makes the Twilight books so popular .
Bella never comes off as all that bright , caring , or independent .
Her biggest deduction is a Google search , and she wanders through showers of praise and adoration acting generally bored and uncomfortable , accepting all the love as her due without ever comprehending the value of it .
She does n’t have to do anything , beyond being barely capable and not immediately put off by learning that the guy she ’s dating likes to break into her bedroom at night without asking permission .
So anyone watching the movie who really wants to put themselves in Stewart ’s shoes can accomplish the mental transition with a minimum of effort .
For all her talk about being the “ strong ” woman , Stewart is essentially passive .
Good things happen to her because she ’s there .
As for Pattinson , well , he at least tries to give a credible performance as one exceedingly unpleasant dude .
I ’m guessing we ’re supposed to consider him a tortured , passionate lover , and not a reformed pedophile who likes to hang around playgrounds telling the 12 - year - olds how they can’t ever see him again .
Everyone wants to believe that love is a force so powerful that it transcends everything else , that there are connections between people so deep and unbreakable that they justify any risk , any betrayal , even the laws of nature .
So here , it ’s okay that a guy who knows that the more he cares about people , the more he wants to eat them , ca n’t stop hanging around this girl he cares about , even though he keeps telling her they ca n’t be friends .
It ’s like when Buffy and Angel tried to keep being friends post - Angelus , only Stewart does n’t have anywhere near the physical ability needed to defend herself against Pattinson if things go bad .
Advertisement
It ’s supposed to be romantic somehow — and of course , it ’s supposed to be about sex .
Vampires are always about sex , which is probably one of the reasons they are n’t nearly as frightening as they used to be .
Pattinson ’s resistance of his throbbing biological urges is , I think , intended as a sign of his devotion , but while there ’s no doubt his character is devoted to Stewart , I ’m not sure his ability to not murder her every time he sees her really makes him a keeper .
Pattinson brings a surprisingly subversive honesty to the role ; if you can get past the music cues and moody lighting , he comes across as unsettled , awkward , and deeply repressed , like someone raised in a cult trying to deal with the real world .
Check out this scene where , just for a line , the mask slips , and not even Stewart is all that comfortable with what ’s revealed :
Advertisement
Moments like that make me wish the movie had been willing to go a little deeper .
Because Pattinson ’s vampire family , with its not - really - incestuous couplings , really is a cult .
When Pattinson brings her home for a visit , she ’s warmly welcomed by almost everyone .
They include her in their games , they protect her when she ’s threatened , they ’re compassionate and friendly and trusting .
Who would n’t want to be a part of that ?
What makes Twilight such an unsatisfactory experience is that while it offers lip service to the dangers the Cullens represent , those dangers never seem entirely real .
By the last scene , Stewart wants to be turned into a vampire , and while Pattinson demurs , the audience does n’t .
Why would n’t she want to be a vampire ?
Why would n’t anybody ?
Like any good cult , the Cullens offer Stewart the world , then smile and say “ You ’re not ready for this .
Oh , we could n’t possibly .
Look , you just do n’t understand yet .
But maybe someday , you ’ll be ready for it .
Maybe someday , you ’ll be special enough to join us . ”
It ’s a question that only pretends you have any choice in answering .
How much of the experience was n’t a total waste of time ?
30 percent .
A lot of what happens below the surface of Twilight is unsettling , but it ’s fascinating , too ; Stephenie Meyer , author of the book series ( as well as the novel The Host , which I reviewed and did n’t like much ) really is n’t a very good writer , but she has managed to capture something that gets its hooks into people .
The movie is unconscionably long , and I can’t imagine ever wanting to watch it again , but I am glad I got to see vampires playing baseball .
It ’s the sort of thing that ’s so stupid that it goes out of stupidity to become kind of neat , but then goes right back to being stupid again .
Back to menu
This is the sky of the Earth .
The vault of heaven , which in reality envelops us in a dark velvet sphere spotted with stars , is seen here projected onto a plane .
This improbable 360 - degree panoramic image , covering the whole of the vault of heaven , embodies thus the cosmic landscape in which our small blue planet is immersed .
A landscape that unfolds progressively , one season at a time , while our planet follows its perpetual course around the Sun .
This image was created in the framework of the International Year of Astronomy ( IYA 2009 ) , with crucial help from the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) .
The images were collected from two exceptional astronomical sites , the Atacama Desert in the southern hemisphere and the Caldeira de Taburiente in the Canary Islands in the northern hemisphere .
It is the sky that everyone can relate to that I wanted to show — its constellations , its thousands year old stars , whose names have nourished all childhoods , its myths and stories of gods , titans , and heroes shared by all civilisations since Homo became sapiens .
The image was therefore made as man sees it , with a regular digital camera .
While photographing , in between the northern summers of 2008 and 2009 , solar system ’s objects invited themselves into the stars ’ infinite ground : blinding planets Venus , Jupiter and Saturn , as well as the more discrete and farther Uranus and Neptune ; even a comet with a emerald green brilliance , lost among tens of millions of stars , and that you will have difficulties finding .
The Sun and the Moon are of course missing in the picture .
Because to capture the light from the stars , one needs to perpetually turn one ’s back on the two brightest luminaries in the sky .
The Milky Way is the most imposing view in this sky representation .
The chosen projection , in galactic coordinates , puts us in front of our Galaxy , which we discover as if we were looking from outside .
The general aspect of our spiral galaxy , with its thin disc , harbouring young stars and marbled with dark or bright nebulae , its central bulge , its satellite galaxies , is easily recognised .
According to the last stellar census made by astronomers at the Besançon Observatory , the Milky Way contains about 150,000 million stars .
Less than 0.0001 % of these are visible here , and astronomers have , today , identified less than one percent of the total galactic population .
Finally , the most important component of our Galaxy , the most fascinating to earthlings , is here invisible .
I am talking about the millions of millions of planets that the Galaxy hosts , new worlds that stir our imagination .
Dusk on top of Cerro Paranal
This image of the sky is in fact a mosaic composed of almost 300 fields , each captured four times , for a total of 1200 photos .
All were taken with a Nikon D3 digital camera and its 50 mm lens open at f5.6 .
Each image is the result of a 6 - minute exposure .
The apparent motion of the sky , caused by Earth ’s rotation , was corrected thanks to a small equatorial mount , moving in the opposite direction and making a whole circle in 24 hours precisely around the Earth ’s axis of rotation .
Here , the material used to photograph the sky is seen installed on the platform of ESO ’s Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) , at Paranal , in Chile .
The Cerro Paranal Observatory Order this panoramas in high quality
To carry through this project , I needed ideal observing conditions .
The European Southern Observatory gave them to me , inviting me to take most of the pictures from its observatories in Chile , located under the most pristine skies in the Atacama Desert .
I thus started photographing from the La Silla Observatory , then from the Cerro Paranal Observatory , home to the most famous VLT .
In addition to pristine skies , I had the reinsurance at La Silla and Cerro Paranal to enjoy exceptional meteorological conditions , as the sky is clear almost eleven months per year …
The Cerro Ventarrones trail
After having stayed several times at La Silla and Cerro Paranal , I wanted to enjoy this tête - à - tête with the sky in a more radical , intimate , and even overly close way , by taking images in the deepest parts of the desert .
I wanted to get to the heart of the matter , the day and night cycle in the real desert , a cycle only regulated by the ballet of the stars during the night and the shadow games on the dry stones of the reg during the day .
Equipped with the GPS coordinates of mount Cerro Ventarrones , I started my quest for this high site of astronomy , a 2600 metre high isolated mountain in the Atacama Desert and one of the possible sites for ESO ’s future giant telescope , the E-ELT
Bivouac below Cerro Ventarrones
At an altitude of 2400 m , below the northern side of Cerro Ventarrones , protected from the wind , I installed my material among the rocks .
During the day , at the peak of the southern winter , the temperature climbs to more than 30 °C , while at night it drops well below - 5 °C .
The power for the camera came from the four - wheel car .
For the Nikon D3 , I held a set of three Li-ion batteries that I recharged regularly on the cigar lighter of the car , through a 12v /220 v converter .
The ancient equatorial mount Perl Vixen GPDX was powered thanks to a set of eight 1.5 V batteries , which had an almost unlimited lifetime .
The mount could rotate all night , for a whole week , unperturbed .
Once the images were taken , I had to process them : to this aim , I used the Deep Sky Stacker image processing software in order to add the four images of each field .
This numerical superposition allows reducing the electronic noise of each picture while increasing the signal from the stars .
Cerro Ventarrones , by night
Once the project was on track , getting confronted to the “ real starry sky ” has been an endurance test , full of surprises , and much more difficult that I thought at first .
During the first observing night , what struck me was the shear amount of work awaiting me .
I needed of course to take a picture of all I could see above me , to the west , the east , the north , the south and the zenith , but that was n’t the end of it …
Indeed I knew I would have to start over again in the other hemisphere , the one below my feet so to say , at the nadir …
For a while , feeling dizzy , I was wondering what I was doing here …
The shooting took place in the traditional way : similarly to a sailor travelling by sight , I got my bearings in the sky , jumping from star to star .
The first evening , I aimed the camera at the bright star Canopus , which was culminating south and was starting to set towards the west .
This first field recorded , after four exposures of six minute each , I slightly shifted the camera towards the east , in order to take the next field .
And so on for the whole night …
The mount , locked in declination ( the celestial latitude ) , was simply drifting in right ascension ( the celestial longitude ) , but the most difficult part arose from the necessity to work at the zenith , or as close as possible to the meridian , in order to keep the same atmospheric thickness and so , a regular quality of the sky .
The following night , I just had to aim at Canopus once more and to start over again the whole process , shifting slightly the star to the north .
And so , night after night , from one stellar flagpole to another — Canopus , Sirius , Achernar , Alpha Centauri , Antares , Spica , Arcturus , Altair , Vega , Deneb ... — the sky coverage progressively increased , stripe after stripe of the cosmic wallpaper .
Twilight above the clouds
Once I had photographed the whole sky visible from the Atacama Desert , from 90 °S till 40 °N , I had to finish the work in the northern hemisphere .
A small region of the sky , around the Polar star , was scanned from the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence , in France .
There , not far away from the little town of Castellane , on peaks about 1500 to 2000 m high , magnificent , isolated sites allow one to observe the sky free from light pollution .
Finally , the remaining northern hemisphere was photographed from the Roque de los Muchachos , in the Canary Islands .
On top of the Caldeira de Taburiente , 2400 m above sea level , the observatory emerges from the sea of clouds that covers the hillsides of the La Palma island .
The Moon sets at La Palma
At La Palma , I recognised the familiar constellations of the northern hemisphere , which were upside - down in Chile .
My “ journey to the end of the night ” finished here , with extended crossings in the sky , from the Capricorn to the Canis Major constellations , from Altair to the Pleiades , from Deneb to Capella , There , on top of the island lying above the clouds , the ritual was the same than in the desert .
At the end of dusk , I had to aim the Nikon D3 a little north from the field scanned the day before …
Then I had to put a charged battery in the camera , check the interval timer which accentuates the time , 6 minute exposure , bip , bip , bip , clac , wait ten seconds , clic , start of the new exposure …
In the Atacama Desert as on the summit of the La Palma volcano , the nights followed , all identical one to another .
The camera switched on , I waited for the end of the four 6 - minute exposures , regularly checking , the eye on the eyepiece of a small guiding telescope , that the mount was turning together with the Earth …
Lying on the ground , at the foot of the telescope , rocked by the regular “ bip bip ” of the interval timer , I gazed at the sky , as the amazing stellar clouds of the Milky Way passed over me .
From time to time , the “ clac ” announcing the end of an exposure woke me up , when it was not the chilling cold of the night .
I lived in this way for almost thirty nights , in complete osmosis with my camera and the sky , and heard about 1200 times the “ bip bip ” announcing the next exposure …
The total exposure time of this image is close to 120 hours .
Meanwhile , at Frédéric Tapissier ’s place
Meanwhile , from his Astro 'n - Home in Longuesse , northwest from Paris , my friend Frédéric Tapissier was looking for the technical solutions to the stitching of these hundreds of celestial fields , amounting in total to about 15,000 million pixels , or about 20 GB of data .
As the data size increased , Frédéric worried more and more about the feasibility of this project …
Frédéric ’s computer spent more time to process the data than my Nikon spent recording them , and Frédéric spent probably as many sleepless nights as I did to complete the project …
Finally , Frédéric found the solution , by choosing the new image processing software Autopano Pro Giga , which enabled the computation of the full representation of the heaven vault projected onto a plane , in “ only ” 340 CPU hours .
The intermediate file produced by Autopano Pro Giga was as large as 145 GB .
The final image contains 40,000 x 20,000 pixels , or 800 million pixels .
It is 4.42 GB in size and is coded over 48 bits , representing more than 200 million millions of colours .
An amazing zoom into the Galaxy
While , month after month , the picture of the whole sky took shape , ESO became more and more involved into making this project a success .
Astronomer Henri Boffin had the idea to further this endeavour , asking astrophotographer Stéphane Guisard to zoom into the centre of the Milky Way with a powerful hobby telescope and a CCD camera , from Cerro Paranal .
ESO also used for several nights the 2.2 - metre telescope at its La Silla Observatory , which is equipped with a Wide Field Imager camera , to produce a further zoom into the image of Stéphane Guisard .
The reward is the most breathtaking dive ever made into our Galaxy , a wonderful manner to link the sky seen by all with the cosmos of astronomers .
From the 25 th August to the 13 th September 2009 , this giant picture of the entire sky is exposed in the « Un ciel pour une planète » exhibition , in the Atrium of the Monte - Carlo Casino , Monaco .
The making of of the project is shown under a 12 m x 6 m picture .
An exposition organised and proposed by the photo agency Realis , the Monaco 's Lions Club , la Société des Bains de Mer and our official partner Kelibia la Blanche .
The starry road
The TED Blog met with William Kamkwamba shortly after the publication of his autobiography , The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind .
Here , he answers questions about his book , his life story , his plans for the future , and offers some inspiration to others who face poverty and struggle to achieve a dream .
How does it feel to visit a place like New York City , after coming from a place filled with poverty and famine — the place you illustrated so unforgettably in your recently - published autobiography ?
There are some things people here take for granted — things that people who live in other parts of the world , like Africa , like my country , Malawi , do n’t have .
People in Malawi sometimes do not have clean water .
Here , people have clean water all the time .
When I see this city , and all of the things people have , and I think about all the people in my home country who do not have enough food , I just think , “ Oh my God . ”
After living through the famine , facing death by starvation , and watching many people in your village starve and develop diseases like cholera , will you ever get used to having clean water and food ?
I will always be thinking of the difference between this place and the place I came from .
I will always be looking back at the things I ’ve gone through , thinking of the struggling people I ’ve seen .
But maybe if things get better there , I will be able to stop thinking about the difference .
Much of the book centers around your fascination with electricity , and harnessing energy from the environment with low - cost components .
Are you still studying electrical engineering ?
Yes .
Right now I am studying at a high school level .
I plan on going into engineering — especially mechanical engineering .
I will also be studying electrical engineering .
When you have your degree — or between then and now — what sorts of machines or systems are you planning to build ?
Right now I am interested in building a drilling machine .
I want to build a machine that can drill wells for water .
With this problem of water in many places in Africa , we need to find a solution for how you can dig wells so you can be pumping water from deeper places .
I want to bring clean water to people who do not have it .
What I ’m trying to do now is think of ways to build a well - drilling machine that is low - cost so people in rural areas can afford it .
People in rural places could use the water for irrigation , or for drinking .
Will your well - drill design require electricity ?
No .
You can either use a small gas engine that does not need much gas , or you can operate it manually .
It will be simple .
The people can use power if they want , or they can use it by hand if they want .
As I said before , my main plan is to see how I can bring clean water to poor people .
Once I finish with the drill , I want to design a pump that can be inserted into the wells they have drilled , so they can use it to pump their water to use for drinking or irrigation .
In your book , you emphasize the importance of maize and tobacco to your family ’s farm .
With an easy - to - come - by water source and an irrigation system , what else could you grow ?
With an irrigation system , you could also grow different vegetables and fruits ; you could grow peanuts and soybeans .
By the way — do you have any favorite foods in here in the US ?
Yes , but it is hard to say anything specific .
In my country , we have the same , same , same , same food to eat , all the time .
So , to name one specific food as my favorite is very difficult for me .
Most of the food I have tasted from different countries I like .
I like pizza .
I like cheeseburgers .
( Laughs . )
One thing you talk about in your book is the limited extent to which you had interacted with anything outside of your village .
Until you were much older , you had never even visited Lake Malawi , which was only hours ’ travel away from your home .
What did you think of big cities like New York before you visited ?
People in my village had this mindset that in big cities like New York , if you are lost or without directions , no one will help you .
The first time I came here , I tried to make sure not to walk by myself , because it would be difficult for me if I got lost .
But people will help you .
The other day I was walking and a man asked me for directions , and I helped him .
Before I came , people always told me it was cold here .
When it ’s cold in Malawi you can still wear a t - shirt or a long - sleeve shirt .
When I came here , I did n’t bring warm clothes .
The airport was heated , and when I arrived I said , “ This is hot , it ’s not cold . ”
But then when I stepped outside into the air — whoosh , I was freezing !
Then I said , “ Oh my God , this is very cold . ”
It was the coldest day for me .
I could n’t believe that it could be that cold .
In your book , there ’s a funny story about an experiment you did to try to capture and utilize an unusual , low - cost energy source for cooking .
Tell me that story .
Once people in my village found out that I had managed to make electricity with my windmill , people asked me if they could use the electricity for cooking .
But there was not enough power from the windmill to use to cook .
Also , if I were going to use electricity to cook , I would need to find a cooking coil .
But I could n’t find those types of things .
In one of my science books , I saw they were talking about bio - gas — the ways you can take waste and make energy .
It showed a way you can take cow poop and put it in a hot tank , and then you can wait for some time until gas is created .
You can then burn the gas for power .
I was n’t patient enough to wait for a couple of weeks to wait to see what would happen .
I wanted to see right away .
I said to myself , I can do it faster , instead of waiting for a long time .
If what is needed in the bio gas tank is heat , then I can put goat ’s poop in a small tank and heat it to make the bio - gas faster .
( Laughs . )
So I took one of my mother ’s pots and put the goat poop in it .
Then I took it and boiled it .
I was hoping that the steam that was coming from the pot would be bio gas .
I tried to light it to cook with it , but it did n’t work .
My mother was not around at that time — but when she came back she asked me , “ What are you doing ? ” ( Laughs . )
I said , “ I ’m boiling sweet potatoes . ”
She did n’t believe it .
So , that experiment failed .
What did that incident teach you ?
Sometimes you can fail in an experiment .
But if you fail , you still do n’t stop observing that thing , looking for a better way .
I am still looking at systems for cooking , but next time I will be patient .
In the beginning of your book , you tell the story of how your father came to meet , and marry , your mother .
If I remember , he saw her in the market and said , “ Marry me . ”
By the way , have you been seeing anyone ?
Right now , no .
Not yet .
( Laughs . )
But in the future , yes .
There ’s no hurry .
Are you similar to your father ?
In some ways , yes .
My father is a strong man .
He used to drink a lot .
( Laughs . )
He would make some trouble , sometimes fight .
But no fighting for me .
( Laughs . )
One thing that has helped me to become patient and cool is that I grew up with sisters .
At school , if some guys would pick on me , I would have no one to defend me .
They would say , “ Hey ! William !
If you have money , give it to us ! ” just because they knew that I could n’t do anything about it .
As I grew up , I learned to say to someone , “ These guys are bothering me . ”
Being an outsider is a big theme in your book — from bullies like those at school , to those who called you crazy for trying to build a windmill .
How did you manage to stay focused on your windmill , even while people were calling you crazy ?
To encourage myself , I would look at the picture of the windmill in the book , and I would tell myself , “ Somewhere , someone did this thing .
If somebody did this thing , I can also do it . ”
Even then , with people saying I was crazy , I ’d say , “ OK , say what you ’re going to say , but I ’m still going to do this thing . ”
I would not accept to stop doing this thing because of what people were saying .
I believe that people do this all of the time , when somebody is doing a new thing .
I remembered Noah in the Bible .
When he was making the Ark , people were laughing at him .
When I was making the windmill , people were laughing , but I new exactly what I was doing .
I had the vision in my mind .
I knew I was going to do make a thing that would look like this , act like this .
What do those people say now , seeing your success with the windmill ?
They say , “ Ah , we just thought you were crazy because we had never seen such a thing in our lives ! ”
When I told them I was building a windmill , they had no idea what a windmill was .
I also think people thought I was crazy because I was going into the junkyard , looking through the garbage .
( Laughs . )
Talk about what it was like when you first came to TED .
I had no idea what exactly TED was all about , or what to expect .
It was also my first time to fly in an airplane or to be away from my home .
I was scared , saying to myself , What exactly am I going to do ?
I was sitting here at TED , watching people talking , not understanding anything .
I had heard about computers before , but only of the type that has a screen that looks like old televisions .
In my mind , the desktop computer was what all computers looked like .
But it was the first time I had ever seen or heard about a laptop .
When I was told that this small thing was a computer , I said , “ What ? ” ( Laughs . )
“ This is a computer ?
The computer I know of has a biiiig screen !
Someone can not put one in a small bag . ”
Then my mentor Tom [ Rielly ] asked me if I had ever seen the Internet .
I said , “ No , I have never seen it . ” I had heard about the Internet on the radio .
People were saying many things about it .
But I had no idea about what it could do .
So , when Tom told me I could find any information on the Internet , the first thing I did was search Google for windmills .
I was amazed that I could find pictures and information — even instructions about how to build windmills .
When I built my windmill I just used a book with pictures !
I was amazed .
Everything I needed to learn had been hidden in the Internet the whole time !
Since you built your windmill , have others in Malawi built windmills ?
Yes .
There is a man who built a windmill .
He has n’t yet hooked it up to generate electricity , but he has managed to make the windmill part .
There are many people who want me to build them a windmill .
But because I ’m busy with school , I ca n’t go and help .
I ’m planning to teach other people how to do it , so if those people want a windmill , they can build one .
I have taught my cousin so he can build one now .
I have also taught another cousin to do it .
More people are waiting to learn .
What was it like telling your whole life story for the first time ?
You had to look back at a lot of painful experiences , such as one heartbreaking story about your childhood dog .
It was great , but there were some times — remembering the saddest stories — when it was very tough .
But at the same time , I was remembering happy , funny stories that happened to me .
It was a lot of different moments mixing , things I ’ve gone through that were good and bad .
Talking about a lot of my life was relaxing , in a way .
Is there anything you regret that happened or that you did in the past ?
Yes .
I regret the time when I got beaten up .
A young guy beat me .
I started the fight .
I started it for no reason at all .
I wanted to fight just so I could test my strength .
I regret that I tried to hurt somebody for no reason — just to look for a fight .
I guess maybe it was because I was young .
And what is your favorite moment from your story ?
One thing that makes me happy to remember is hunting .
I am also happy when I think about making toy cars .
We also used to make a toy where we could pull each other , like a car .
And , of course , the part where I finally hooked up my windmill .
I will always remember the time when it was first working : “ Chh ! Chh ! ”
It was amazing .
That makes me happiest .
What do you say to other people who are in a very difficult situation who might want to improve their lives and their community ?
I would tell most young people that in life you can go through many difficulties , but if you know what you want to do , if you can focus , and work , then in the end , you will end up doing it .
No matter what happens , if you do n’t give up , you will still succeed .
People can say all kinds of things , but if you know what you ’re doing , in the end , you will do it .
Everything is possible .
You ’ve seen the before - and - after pictures , like a Vegas slug of glass rising in the desert .
And , you ’ve read the stories about indebted foreign workers leaving their Range Rovers behind , as they flee .
Perhaps you ’ve seen video of the indoor ski arcade ?
Or , caught the gaze of the photographer ’s eye on the poor , underpaid migrant workers constructing the Burj Dubai .
Welcome to today ’s obligatory Dubai blog post .
Brought to you courtesy of some very hot , sovereign default action as the UAE ’s most glittery city announced overnight a request for a stay on debt payments from Dubai World .
How could a country so rich in energy resources have gotten itself into such a mess ?
It ’s generally assumed that just about every Mid-East oil producer is a big , net exporter of oil and while that ’s also true for the United Arab Emirates what ’s worth noting , or retelling today , is the means by which the UAE , principally because of Dubai ( an Emirate within the UAE ) , started to become a net importer of natural gas .
Let ’s start with a chart of electricity demand .
As in the rest of the world , though primarily in Asia , the Mid-East is now finally in the process of transitioning away from using industrial diesel for its power generation – though in many cases starting from very high levels .
You can understand why that practice lingered in places like Saudi Arabia for so long , when the cost of oil extraction was effectively near zero .
However , Saudi Arabia has now elected to build more NG fired power generation ( and even adding Solar ) and in places like the UAE , natural gas power generation has now become well established .
But in a nice portrait of demand outstripping geology , the UAE now must import LNG to fund its parabolic growth in electricity demand .
( part of that demand is also for water desalination ) .
And this is despite the UAE ’s very sizeable reserves of natural gas .
Worse , at times the UAE has even had to switch back to oil - fired power generation , owing to infrastructural limits to the NG - fired portions of the power grid .
This too offers an insight : it ’s easier and faster to put up buildings and build roads than it is to develop oil and gas for production .
Now , let me just pause here and say one of the implications of this story that I really like is that human beings , universally , are overshooters .
And the people of the UAE have now shown themselves to be overshooters in classic fashion .
The UAE obviously looked at its considerable resource inheritance of oil and gas and then got about the business of attaching as much possible debt to this wealth and future growth as the world could stomach .
This is yet another example of an infinite debt philosophy on both the part of the borrowers , and the lenders .
And by the way , if you think humanity is going to collectively decide to build sustainable , low - growth economies on a voluntary basis then I say dream on .
We ’re all overshooters now .
( this post continues below the theoretical street level limits of the Al Burj , the not - yet - built rival to the now completing Burj Dubai ) .
To get the latest data on the UAE ’s thirst for LNG , I had to go to the CIA Factbook as the EIA in Washington currently has nothing but a hole to show , for all 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 .
I should also mention that Jeff Rubin when he was at CIBC was among the first to really highlight the structure of domestic energy demand among the Gulf State oil producers .
You can read a July 2008 piece by Rubin here , just on this subject .
According to the CIA Factbook , the UAE in 2008 “ only ” consumed 18 % more natural gas than they produced .
Now , it ’s probably the case that when the data arrives for 2009 on UAE total energy demand we ’ll see some form of a crash in electricity consumption .
Perhaps in the next few years the great Dubai buildout will largely halt for time and the Emirates will return to developing their natural gas resources .
If the economy crashes hard enough , perhaps their NG balance could get back to even .
Finally , I ’m thinking of another state that has to import a large amount of energy , has severe water problems on which it has to spend additional energy for conveyance and treatment , and is also in deep fiscal trouble .
The State I ’m thinking of has also overbuilt for many years , has an opaque government , and is hoping to be bailed out by its overseeing government .
The state I ’m thinking of now struggles with vast , empty housing stock .
And , like UAE , has an enormous “ sovereign - wealth fund ” ( actually a pension fund ) that has suffered large losses .
Oh , and this state is also filled with lots of overshooters who think there ’s no limit to either physical growth , or the growth of debt .
Name that state !
- Gregor
Additional Reading :
Dubai Future Projects .
( astonishing photographic round - up of planned megaprojects ) .
Dubai is not a case of sovereign default : Billy Blog .
WASHINGTON — One day after the Senate jettisoned the public insurance option from its health care legislation , a new CBS poll finds that 59 percent of the populace supports the inclusion of such a provision , which would compete in the marketplace with private insurers .
Only 29 percent opposed it , signaling an unusually high 30 - point favorable rating .
The numbers remain materially unchanged from last month , when CBS found that 61 percent supported it while 28 percent held a negative view of it .
ADVERTISEMENT
The idea has faced intense opposition from Republican leaders and conservative activists , who have decried it as a “ government takeover ” of health care and a slippery slope to “ socialized medicine . ”
While President Obama and the Democratic leadership have consistently championed the idea , a number of Democrats have been skeptical .
The opposition against the public option did not succeed in removing it from the House bill , which passed narrowly .
But an apparent impasse in the Senate due to recalcitrant Democrats has compelled the White House to soften its stance .
As a result , Senate Democrats on Wednesday indicated they would compromise the provision in favor of a Medicare expansion — which the GOP also opposes .
The consistently high support among Americans for the public option defies the posturing of red-state Democrats like Ben Nelson , Blanche Lincoln and Mary Landrieu , who have refused to support the provision on the grounds that their constituents are against it .
State polling data , however , says otherwise .
Instead , the inability for Democrats to pass a public option signals that voters are unsure of what the term signifies when it ’s thrown around in debates in the media and Congress .
When told that it ’s merely a supplemental option , the public is far more supportive of it .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Congressional stalemate could also be a result of a fierce campaign waged by the insurance industry , conservative activists and GOP leaders to misrepresent the nature of the provision and its likely impact on the health care system .
As a younger man I was a humbug .
I hated Christmas and found plenty of excuses to participate in it as little as was practicable .
I enjoyed the food and the excellent beers , of course , but everything else left me cold .
The bad television , the armies of visiting relatives , the unwanted exchange of poorly conceived presents - it seemed like the worst possible mix of commercialism and boring , cheek - pinching aunts .
Over the years I had developed a fairly broad range of techniques to escape excess Christmas responsibilities , and I 'd usually trudge off to a bar with friends or escape to a PlayStation - equipped backroom at the earliest opportunity .
But around December of 2006 , I found myself in a dream scenario for Christmas humbugging :
My live - in girlfriend , who was employed as a hotel manager , would be working through most of the holiday .
I was going to be able to stay home , skip the whole thing and play videogames through the entire Christmas period .
I could scarcely imagine anything more splendid , and I looked forward to it with acute anticipation , counting the hours as the busy pre-Christmas weeks ticked by .
Imagine it : Glorious solitude on a day when I was normally making small - talk with cousins and cake - hungry uncles .
I 'd be able to game until every capillary in my eyes was ready to pop .
Finally the day came , and my exhausted girlfriend was dressed , fed and packed off to work before the sun had even come up .
Coffee would be her Christmas , and I would put on some woolly clothes and check myself in for a spectacular marathon of self - indulgence .
Sadly , this early rising had left me with that peculiar poorly calibrated feeling of not - much - sleep , and without the usual energy of Christmas , there was little to keep me awake .
There was no feverish opening of presents , no fussing parents , no unwarranted excitement from smaller siblings .
As I returned to the empty house , my heart began to sink .
I was actually going to miss my girlfriend and her efforts to drag me away from the dancing polygons on whatever screen was at hand .
I realized that my humbug was , in fact , a farce .
The truth was that I 'd long outgrown my sullen teenager - dom , and I 'd actually ( albeit unconsciously ) come to love my family Christmases .
This carefully orchestrated day of lonesome gaming was not what I wanted at all .
As I quietly made myself an uninteresting breakfast , I grew more despondent .
I was going to be alone until late that night , on Christmas Day , with nothing to do and no one to talk to .
Even when the girlfriend returned from her far - flung employment , she'd be going straight to sleep .
My day of gaming bliss was quickly becoming a disaster .
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Bandai introduces their new Master Grade snap - fit Dragon Ball model kit series with Saiyan Son Goku !
The model can assume a number of dynamic poses , recreating many of Son Goku 's signature moves from the long - running anime and manga .
Molded in color , the 1/8 - scale model kit comes packed with an interchangeable face , optional hands , marking stickers , waterslide decals , and a display base .
Some assembly required .
Imported from Japan !
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 29 , 2009
Lord Monckton , who challenged Al Gore on man-made climate change and was rebuffed by a gaggle of peevish Democrats , wants the climate “ scientists ” caught red - handed fiddling with climate stats prosecuted .
“ They are not merely bad scientists — they are crooks .
And crooks who have perpetrated their crimes at the expense of British and U.S. taxpayers , ” writes Monckton .
“ With Professor Fred Singer , who founded the U.S. Satellite Weather Service , I have reported them to the UK’s Information Commissioner , with a request that he investigate their offenses and , if thought fit , prosecute . ”
Alex Jones on the CRU emails and the globalist plan to use the climate change hoax to impose one - world government .
Monckton does not hold out much hope for that , however .
“ But I wo n’t be holding my breath :
In the police state that Britain has now sadly become , with supine news media largely owned and controlled by the government , the establishment tends to look after its own . ”
The corporate media is doing its best to downplay the story .
“ Revelation of a series of embarrassing e-mails by climate scientists provides fodder for critics , but experts believe the issue will not hurt the U.S. climate bill ’s chance for passage or efforts to forge a global climate change deal , ” reports Reuters .
Anthony Leiserowitz , the director of the Yale Project on Climate Change , said the release of the emails will be remembered mostly as “ embarrassment ” to the researchers .
“ But there ’s no smoking gun in the e-mails from what I ’ve seen . ”
No smoking gun ?
The so - called researchers colluded to modify climate data in favor of their man-made climate change fairy tale .
“ The tiny , close - knit clique of climate scientists who invented and now drive the ‘ global warming ’ fraud — for fraud is what we now know it to be — tampered with temperature data so assiduously that , on the recent admission of one of them , land temperatures since 1980 have risen twice as fast as ocean temperatures , ” writes Monckton in a bog entry today .
“ One of the thousands of emails recently circulated by a whistleblower at the University of East Anglia , where one of the world ’s four global - temperature datasets is compiled , reveals that data were altered so as to prevent a recent decline in temperature from showing in the record .
In fact , there has been no statistically significant ‘ global warming ’ for 15 years — and there has been rapid and significant cooling for nine years . ”
Russia Today reports on the CRU emails .
Instead of demanding researchers answer questions about inventing and fiddling with data , the University of East Anglia has asked the cops to investigate the hackers who revealed the bogus work of “ our globally - respected Climatic Research Unit ” that supposedly produces “ research [ that ] is , and has always been , fully peer - reviewed by the relevant journals , and is one strand of research underpinning the strong consensus that human activity is affecting the world ’s climate in ways that are potentially dangerous . ”
In other words , fake data used to impose a one - world government and global serfdom is “ fully peer - reviewed . ”
“ In addition to supporting the police in their enquiries , we will ourselves be conducting a review , with external support , into the circumstances surrounding the theft and publication of this information and any issues emerging from it , ” states a CRU update posted earlier today .
“ It ’s definitely a crime to do that in the U.K. , and we have reported it to the police , ” said Simon Dunford , a spokesman at East Anglia , which is conducting an internal probe .
The University of East Anglia should be consulting lawyers .
Antonio Regalado , writing for Science Magazine , notes that “ university researchers may also find themselves in legal jeopardy if they deleted emails requested under the U.K. ’s Freedom of Information ( FOIA ) legislation , a crime under U.K. law . ”
Professor Phil Jones , for instance , apparently engaged in a criminal conspiracy to destroy evidence formally petitioned under a Freedom of Information request .
“ Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise , ” Jones emailed Michael E. Mann , a climatologist and statistician at Pennsylvania State University , on May 29 , 2008 .
As noted above , deleting emails subject to a FOI request is a criminal offense in the United Kingdom , punishable with a fine .
The “ arrogant fraudsters , ” Monckton continues , “ have refused , for years and years and years , to reveal their data and their computer program listings .
Now we know why :
As a revealing 15,000 - line document from the computer division at the Climate Research Unit shows , the programs and data are a hopeless , tangled mess .
In effect , the global temperature trends have simply been made up . ”
Meanwhile , over at the Huffington Post , Katherine Goldstein and Craig Kanalley dismiss the CRU scandal out of hand .
It provides ammo for the right - wing nuts who are — according to the ADL and the Department of Homeland Security — a threat to the nation .
“ Despite the lack of evidence of some sort of conspiracy in the scientific community , this criminal activity has created fodder for right - wing groups and websites to promote their own agenda that global warming is not real .
This comes at a time when international attention is more and more focused on the climate crisis in advance of the UN climate talks in Copenhagen in December , ” they write .
Naturally , the climate change “ progressives ” — and the globalist foundations that support and nurture them — are worried about the CRU scandal because the United Nations conference on climate change is right around the corner .
In December , the 15th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change will meet in Copenhagen to work on a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol .
As Lord Monckton explained in October , a realized Copenhagen treaty will establish a “ one world Marxist government . ”
On October 14 , Lord Christopher Monckton gave a presentation in St. Paul , MN on the subject of climate change .
“ The second purpose is the transfer of wealth from the countries of the West to third world countries , in satisfaction of what is called , coyly , ‘ climate debt ’ – because we ’ve been burning CO2 and they have n’t .
We ’ve been screwing up the climate and they have n’t .
And the third purpose of this new entity , this government , is enforcement , ” Monckton warned .
“ They are about to impose a communist world government on the world .
You have a president who has very strong sympathies with that point of view .
He ’s going to sign it .
He ’ll sign anything .
He ’s a Nobel Peace Prize [ winner ] ; of course he ’ll sign it . ”
Replace “ Marxist ” with “ bankster ” and you get a better idea of what our rulers have up their sleeves .
Moreover , wealth is never transferred to the third world .
It is transferred to the global elite .
Feel - good palliatives about feeding the poor are merely a parlor trick to steal your money and reduce you to indentured servitude .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In an ongoing project , I ’ve needed to do a bit of Haskell type - hackery with type functions implemented with type families .
One thing I ’ve needed is a type - heterogeneous sort — more than a type level sort , but a function that takes a value of one product type , and produces a value of a different , sorted product type .
In doing so it needs to both sort the parameter type into a ( potentially ) different result type , as well as sort the parameter value into a result value ( which of course needs to be of the result type ) .
This works out to be a bit more complex than a pure type level sort ( such as the quicksort implemented here , using funcitonal dependencies , or the merge sort implmenented here , again using functional dependencies ) , as Haskell type classes have to be used to select the right value - level functions to use for each step of the sort process .
It was an interesting puzzle to solve — at least for me , as type level programming is n’t my strong point !
( To make the problem a bit easier , I implemented a simpler , if less efficient , sorting algorithm , but quick sort or merge sort should also work at the type / value level ) .
Given a type for tagged values , e.g .
-- n is a phantom , type - level natural newtype Tagged n t = Tagged t
And a product type , e.g .
data a :* b = a :* b infixr 6 :*
I want to define tagged values such as :
tv0 :: Tagged N0 String tv0 = Tagged " hello " tv1 :: Tagged N1 Int tv1 = Tagged 2 tv2 :: Tagged N2 Bool tv2 = Tagged False -- etc .
I want to be able to apply a function sort to an arbitrary product of these types :
x = sort ( tv2 :* tv0 :* tv1 ) y = sort ( tv1 :* tv2 :* tv0 )
And the result should be the sorted product , i.e. x == y && x == Tagged " hello " :* Tagged 2 :* Tagged False .
Note that in the first application of sort , sort needs a type like :
sort :: ( Tagged N2 Bool :* Tagged N0 String :* Tagged N1 Int ) -> ( Tagged N0 String :* Tagged N1 Int :* Tagged N2 Bool )
and in the second , it needs :
sort :: ( Tagged N1 Int :* Tagged N2 Bool :* Tagged N0 String ) -> ( Tagged N0 String :* Tagged N1 Int :* Tagged N2 Bool )
It needs to work for arbitrarily long products of any Tagged type ( with the constraint that the index n must be a type - level natural ) .
My solution to the problem follows .
> {-# LANGUAGE EmptyDataDecls , TypeFamilies , UndecidableInstances , > ScopedTypeVariables , OverlappingInstances , TypeOperators , > FlexibleInstances , NoMonomorphismRestriction #-} > module TSort where
I started with the usual definition for type level naturals ( with some convenient aliases for a few of them ) :
> data Zero > data Succ n
> type N0 = Zero > type N1 = Succ Zero > type N2 = Succ N1 > type N3 = Succ N2 > type N4 = Succ N3 > type N5 = Succ N4 > type N6 = Succ N5 > type N7 = Succ N6 > type N8 = Succ N7 > type N9 = Succ N8 > type N10 = Succ N9
I also use type level booleans :
> data TRUE > data FALSE
I need one inequality operator on naturals :
> type family LessThan m n > type instance LessThan Zero Zero = FALSE > type instance LessThan ( Succ n ) Zero = FALSE > type instance LessThan Zero ( Succ n ) = TRUE > type instance LessThan ( Succ m ) ( Succ n ) = LessThan m n
I need a type level if statement :
> type family Cond c t f > type instance Cond TRUE t f = t > type instance Cond FALSE t f = f
I need my tagged and product types :
> newtype Tagged n a =
Tagged a deriving ( Show , Eq )
> data a :* b = a :* b deriving ( Show , Eq ) > infixr 6 :*
The general type of my sort is going to be something like ( but not exactly ) :
sort :: ( Sortable a ) => a ->
Sorted a
where Sortable is a type class and Sorted is a associated type of that type class .
It did n’t work out to be quite that simple , but this is how I started thinking about the problem .
I envisioned the Sortable class as :
class Sortable a where type Sorted a sort :: a ->
Sorted a
Trying to create a simple instance of this type , for a pair of tagged values got me a bit bogged down :
instance Sortable ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) where type Sorted ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) = ??? sort = ???
The type of Sorted for this pair is conditional based on the value of the indices m and n , so I can write the type function like this :
type Sorted ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) = Cond ( LessThan n m ) -- if n < m ( Tagged n b :* Tagged m a ) -- then swap ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) -- else don't
but how to write the sort function ?
It ca n’t test the type and decide whether to swap the values .
The key insight for solving this problem was that I needed some additional types to represent the operations I needed .
For this simple reordering of a pair , I need two operations – Swap , to swap the elements of the pair if they are out of order , and Id ( identity ) , to leave them alone if they are already in order :
data Swap x y = Swap x y data
Id a = Id a
Each of these can be seen as implementing a single step in a sorting algorithm ) .
Each will be an instance of a Sorter class :
> class Sorter a where > type Sorted a > type Unsorted a
mkSort ‘ makes ’ a sort function from ( Unsorted a -> Sorted a ) based on the type of its first argument , which is a proxy argument ( its value is never examined ) .
> mkSort :: a ->
Unsorted a ->
Sorted a
The Swap instance of Sorter just swaps the values in a pair :
> instance Sorter ( Swap x y ) where > type Sorted ( Swap x y ) = y :* x > type Unsorted ( Swap x y ) = x :* y > mkSort _ ( x :* y ) = y :* x
The Id instance of Sorter leaves its value alone :
> instance Sorter ( Id a ) where > type Sorted ( Id a ) = a > type Unsorted ( Id a ) = a > mkSort _ v = v
Now my Sortable class , instead of having a sort function , needs instead a function to produce a sorter value :
> class Sortable a where > type SorterType a > sorter :: a -> SorterType a
And the sort can be written in terms of functions from the two classes :
> sort v = mkSort ( sorter v ) v
But still , how to implement the sorter function for my pair of tagged elements ?
> instance Sortable ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) where
The type function for the SorterType is now :
> type SorterType ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) = > Cond ( LessThan n m ) > ( Swap ( Tagged m a ) ( Tagged n b ) ) > ( Id ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) ) > sorter = undefined -- ???
As it turns out , the above implementation is sufficient .
Since the mkSort function does n’t examine its first argument — it ’s merely a proxy — the sorter function does n’t need to produce a value .
So sorter can be left undefined — all its ‘ work ’ is done at compile time , in producing the right type such that the instance of ‘ mkSort ’ can be inferred ( I have to admit , I discovered this accidentally while writing the sorting function .
I left sorter undefined because I could n’t think of how to define it , then wrote sort in terms of it , and accidentally ran it .
It worked , my mind boggled , and then I figured out what what going on ) .
Because no concrete value of either the Id or Swap types are ever needed , the actual definitions for these can be :
> data
Id a > data Swap a b
To sort something more than a pair , I need to be able to do more than just swap two types and values .
A simple algorithm for sorting the product is to sort the ‘ tail ’ of the product , then insert the head of the product into the sorted tail ( this is insertion sort — not the most efficient , but simpler than merge sort or quick sort ) .
For this I need two more operations , a sort - then - insert operation , and an insert operation ( the sort - then - insert operation sorts its ‘ tail ’ and then ( if necessary ) uses the insert operation to insert its head into the sorted tail ) .
I need these operation types :
> data SortInsert h t > data Insert x y
I need a new class similar to Sortable , which has a InserterType and a function to produce a InserterType from the instance type :
> class Insertable a where > type InserterType a > inserter :: a -> InserterType a
A insertable assumes that its tail is sorted .
For a product of tagged values ( more than a pair ) , the Insertable instance looks like this :
> instance Insertable ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b :* c ) where
The InserterType depends on whether the head element is less than the first element of the sorted tail .
If it is , then the InserterType is the identity , otherwise it is an Insert x y :
> type InserterType ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b :* c ) = > Cond ( LessThan n m ) > ( Insert ( Tagged m a ) ( Tagged n b :* c ) ) > ( Id ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b :* c ) )
As in the sorter function of a Sortable , we do n’t need the inserter to do anything more than create a proxy argument :
> inserter = undefined
Inserting two elements is the same as sorting them :
> instance Insertable ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) where > type InserterType ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) = > Cond ( LessThan n m ) ( Swap ( Tagged m a ) ( Tagged n b ) ) > ( Id ( Tagged m a :* Tagged n b ) ) > inserter = undefined
A Inserter is similar to a sorter : it takes an value of an Uninserted type and produces a value of an Inserted type :
> class Inserter a where > type Inserted a > type Uninserted a
mkInsert ‘ makes ’ a function ( Uninserted a -> Inserted a ) from the instance type .
The first argument again is just a proxy , it ’s value never inspected :
> mkInsert :: a -> Uninserted a ->
Inserted a
The identity instance is straightforward :
> instance Inserter ( Id a ) where > type Inserted ( Id a ) = a > type Uninserted ( Id a ) = a > mkInsert _ v = v
The Swap instance of Inserter is essentially the same as the Swap instance of Sorter :
> instance Inserter ( Swap a b ) where > type Inserted ( Swap a b ) = b :* a > type Uninserted ( Swap a b ) = a :* b > mkInsert _ ( a :* b ) = b :* a
The Insert instance for a longer product has a rather convoluted context :
> instance ( Insertable ( a :* c ) > , Inserter ( InserterType ( a :* c ) ) > , ( a :* c ) ~ Uninserted ( InserterType ( a :* c ) ) > ) =>
Inserter ( Insert a ( b :* c ) ) where
The Inserted type is the first element of the tail followed by a inserted into the tail ( via sort ) :
> type Inserted ( Insert a ( b :* c ) ) = b :* Inserted ( InserterType ( a :* c ) )
The uninserted type is simply the original ( uninserted ) product :
> type Uninserted ( Insert a ( b :* c ) ) = a :* b :* c
And the insert function effectively swaps the first two elements of the product and inserts the ( new ) tail :
> mkInsert _ ( x :* y :* z ) = y :* mkInsert ( inserter $ x :* z ) ( x :* z )
The Sorter instance for a SortInsert that we need again has a convoluted context :
> instance ( Sortable ( b :* c ) > , Unsorted ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) ~ ( b :* c ) > , Uninserted ( InserterType ( a :* Sorted ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) ) ) ~ > ( a :* Sorted ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) ) > , Sorter ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) > , Insertable ( a :* Sorted ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) ) > , Inserter ( InserterType ( a :* Sorted ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) ) ) > ) => >
Sorter ( SortInsert a ( b :* c ) ) where
The type of the output of the sort is the type of the output of the head of the product inserted with the sorted tail :
> type Sorted ( SortInsert a ( b :* c ) ) = > Inserted ( InserterType ( a :* ( Sorted ( SorterType ( b :* c ) ) ) ) )
The type of the input of the sort is the original ( unsorted , uninserted ) product :
> type Unsorted ( SortInsert a ( b :* c ) ) = a :* b :* c
And the sort function is just the insert of the head into the tail after the tail is sorted :
> mkSort _ ( a :* b :* c ) = mkInsert ( inserter preinsert ) preinsert > where preinsert = a :* sort ( b :* c )
Finally , the Sortable instance for an arbitrary product is :
> instance ( Sortable ( b :* c ) , Sorter ( SortInsert a ( b :* c ) ) ) => >
Sortable ( a :* b :* c ) where > type SorterType ( a :* b :* c ) = SortInsert a ( b :* c ) > sorter = undefined
Given some tagged values , I can try out the sort function :
> t0 :: Tagged N0 String > t0 = Tagged " hello " > t1 :: Tagged N1 Bool > t1 = Tagged True > t2 :: Tagged N2 Int > t2 = Tagged 5 > t3 :: Tagged N3 String > t3 = Tagged " goodbye "
* TSort1 > sort ( t2 :* t0 :* t1 :* t3 ) Tagged " hello " :* ( Tagged True :* ( Tagged 5 :* Tagged " goodbye " ) ) * TSort1 > sort ( t3 :* t2 :* t1 :* t0 ) Tagged " hello " :* ( Tagged True :* ( Tagged 5 :* Tagged " goodbye " ) ) * TSort1 >
Beyond being an interesting puzzle to solve , there ’s at least some use for such a function .
For example , in a DSL that has operations that support named parameter association :
> rawConnect :: ( Tagged N0 String :* Tagged N1 Int :* Tagged N2 String :* > Tagged N3 String ) -> IO ( ) > rawConnect ( Tagged host :* Tagged port :* Tagged user :* Tagged pass ) = > putStrLn $ " connecting to " ++ host ++ " on port " ++ show port ++ > " with username " ++ user ++ " and password " ++ pass > > connect = rawConnect . sort > > ( = : ) = ( $ ) > host :: String -> Tagged N0 String > host = Tagged > port :: Int ->
Tagged N1 Int > port = Tagged > user :: String -> Tagged N2 String > user = Tagged > password :: String -> Tagged N3 String > password = Tagged
Now you can invoke the ‘ connect ’ operation with parameters in no particular order :
> doit = do > putStrLn " trying to connect ! " > connect ( user = : " admin " :* > password = : " pa55w0rd " :* > port =: 22 :* > host = : " example.com " ) > putStrLn " connected ! "
… which is at least mildly cool , for certain definitions of cool .
Brought to you by BlogLiterately with generous support from pandoc , hscolour and viewers like you .
An assault rifle was found in the house , Bengal said .
However , he could n't say if it had been used to kill the animals .
The cause of death is going to be hard to determine because most are just bones , he said .
L'obésité , épidémie mondiale , dépend de multiples facteurs : alimentation trop riche , diminution de l'activité physique , prédispositions génétiques .
La composition de la flore intestinale constitue un facteur supplémentaire , jusqu'ici négligé , mais qui semble se trouver à l'intersection de tous les autres .
Un déséquilibre dans la population bactérienne se révèle en effet capable d'engendrer un surpoids , comme le montre une étude sur la souris publiée mercredi 11 novembre dans la revue Science Translational Medecine .
La démonstration apportée par Jeffrey Gordon ( Washington University School of Medicine , Saint Louis ) et ses collègues est éclatante : transférée à des souris exemptes de flore intestinale , celle provenant de matière fécale humaine est rapidement modifiée par un régime alimentaire surchargé en sucres et en graisse .
Cette population bactérienne se montre à son tour capable de rendre obèses des souris qui suivent un régime alimentaire normal .
Il y a quelques années , Peter Turnbaugh et Jeffrey Gordon avaient publié un article remarqué dans l'hebdomadaire Nature ( Le Monde du 22 décembre 2006 ) , dans lequel ils montraient que , chez l'homme comme chez la souris , la flore intestinale diffère selon que les individus sont minces ou obèses .
Deux familles de bactéries prédominent dans l'intestin : les bactéroïdètes ( dont il existe une vingtaine de genres différents ) et les firmicutes ( plus de 250 genres parmi lesquels les lactobacilles , les mycoplasmes et les clostridium ) .
Chez les personnes obèses , l'équilibre est rompu en faveur des firmicutes , et cela se traduit par une plus grande capacité de cette flore microbienne à extraire des calories des aliments .
Pour autant , si ce constat laissait entendre que l'obésité modifie la nature de la flore intestinale , cela ne signifiait pas que les différences de composition de la flore puissent déterminer le poids corporel .
Jeffrey Gordon et ses collègues avaient alors réalisé une expérience où ils transféraient la flore intestinale de souris obèses chez des souris minces .
La capacité d'extraire des calories s'était accrue chez celles - ci , tout comme leur poids .
CQFD ...
Dans leur nouvelle étude , Gordon , Turnbaugh et leurs collègues ont voulu démontrer les possibilités ouvertes en matière d'étude des mécanismes de l'obésité par une telle approche , couplée à l'accroissement spectaculaire des capacités des appareils de séquençage , qui rendent possible l'étude des collections de gènes de la flore microbienne .
Ils ont pour cela recréé l'écosystème de l'intestin humain , en se servant de souris dépourvues de flore intestinale .
Soumis à un régime riche en graisses et en sucres , ce type de souris transgénique ne devient pas obèse .
Les chercheurs ont introduit dans l'intestin de ces souris la flore présente dans les excréments humains .
Les souris de laboratoire ont présenté par la suite une flore intestinale tout à fait comparable à celle présente chez l'homme .
Mieux , elles ont transmis ce type de population bactérienne à leur descendance .
Les souris porteuses d'une flore d'origine humaine avaient une masse graisseuse plus importante que celles dépourvues de flore .
D'abord soumises à un régime pauvre en graisses et riche en fibres , les souris " humanisées " ont ensuite été soumises à une alimentation très grasse et très sucrée .
Une seule journée de ce régime , qualifié d'" occidental " par les auteurs , a suffi à provoquer une modification de la composition de la flore .
Etape suivante , la flore des souris soumises à ce régime a à son tour été transplantée dans l'intestin de souris sans flore .
Résultat : même maintenues à un régime pauvre en graisses , ces dernières ont connu un accroissement de la masse graisseuse .
Dans ces conditions , la flore des souris humanisées soumises à un régime hypercalorique a donc suffi à entraîner une obésité chez des souris initialement sans flore intestinale .
Jeffrey Gordon et ses collègues en concluent que l'histoire de la colonisation de l'intestin par les bactéries " influence la structure initiale de la population bactérienne , mais que ces effets peuvent rapidement ê tre altérés par le régime " .
Dans un commentaire également publié dans Science Translational Medicine , Jeffrey Flier et John Mekalanos ( Harvard Medical School , Boston ) pointent les questions soulevées par ces résultats .
Y a-t - il une réelle différence entre le génome bactérien ( le microbiome ) de la flore intestinale des obèses et des individus de poids normal chez l'humain et chez le rongeur ?
Si elle existe , est-ce une conséquence ou une cause de l'obésité ?
Dans le cas où elle jouerait un rôle causal , par quel mécanisme influence - t- elle le bilan énergétique , l'écart entre les recettes et les dépenses énergétiques étant responsables des variations de poids ?
Tout l'intérêt du travail de l'équipe de Jeffrey Gordon est de proposer , avec ces souris colonisées , un modèle d'étude pratique : il reflète bien l'écosystème intestinal humain et les moyens de séquençage actuels permettent de passer au crible sa flore bactérienne .
Il devrait donc offrir un moyen de mettre en évidence les liens entre les différentes populations bactériennes et certaines caractéristiques fonctionnelles .
Ce modèle servira aussi à suivre sur plusieurs générations le transfert à la descendance d'un type de flore .
Pourra - t - on un jour modifier le poids corporel en modulant l'équilibre de la flore intestinale ?
Pour valider ce concept , il faudra , comme le reconnaissent les auteurs , mener des essais cliniques " pour tester les effets des facteurs environnementaux et génétiques sur la flore intestinale et la physiologie de l'hôte " .
Paul Benkimoun
At 92 years old , Alfred Donovan is an unlikely online campaigner .
But he and his son John , 62 , have been a painful thorn in the side of Royal Dutch Shell for more than a decade .
The pair run one of the oldest and most effective " gripe sites " , and the oil giant 's army of well - paid lawyers do not know how to neutralise them .
The number of so - called " gripe sites " , which exist to criticise , mock , and generally annoy companies , people , and institutions , has exploded in recent years , and the trend is set to continue .
Take this month 's campaign against the super - injunction obtained by the lawyers Carter Ruck on behalf of Trafigura .
Thousands of Twitter users , empowered and astonished at the campaign 's success , are expected to look afresh at how the internet can be used to fight against big business .
" The anti-Trafigura campaign really brought home – even to someone like me – the power of the internet and new media , " says John Donovan , a former marketing entrepreneur .
" Once , you could never hope to take on companies that had loads of money and lawyers .
Now there is an alternative to legal action .
You can make a big impact with very little cost . "
Last week the Donovans were leafleting outside Shell 's London HQ to advertise their website , www.royaldutchshellplc.com.
But they hardly need the publicity – the site had more than 2 m hits last month – and leafleting was just another way of goading a company they have been at war with since the early 1990s .
The site is so successful that Kremlin officials and US investigators have used it .
Journalists , knowing that the site regularly receives juicy leaks from Shell employees , search it for stories .
Since setting up his first anti-Shell site in 1995 , Donovan estimates he has published about 24,000 articles about the company .
One early and successful gripe site was www.mcspotlight.org, founded after the celebrated McLibel trial involving McDonalds in 1997 .
Another site , www.ihatedell.net, carved a niche as a forum for critics of the Dell computer company .
Dell 's answer was to engage with its critics rather than use legal muscle to close them down .
In contrast the investment bank Goldman Sachs failed in a legal bid against www.goldmansachs666.com.
Katy Howell , the director of Immediate Future , which specialises in social media , believes Dell made a textbook response to its gripe site .
" Dell spoke to its critics and responded to their concerns .
They turned a negative into a positive , " she says .
The Donovans ' campaign was prompted by a grievance over claims that Shell stole intellectual property from their marketing company .
The legal bills from four court cases in the 1990s almost crippled the two men .
Shell fully investigated the Donovans ' claims , and in 1999 agreed a " peace deal " under which the pair got an undisclosed sum .
However , the payment was far less than the £ 1 m they wanted .
The Donovans claim Shell then breached the agreement by talking publicly about the case .
Shell denies breaching any part of the agreement with the Donovans .
Since then ,
Shell is thought to have contacted the Donovans at least once , using a middle man , to resolve the dispute .
John Donovan will not comment on this but shows no sign of agreeing to mediation .
Four years ago Shell was embroiled in a bitter dispute with Russia 's environmental regulator over drilling for gas at Sakhalin Island .
It was eventually forced to relinquish its majority stake in the project , costing Shell billions in lost revenue .
Later , the regulator , Oleg Mitvol , publicly acknowledged the Donovans ' help in getting information about alleged claims of environmental abuses by Shell .
The company has denied breaking any environmental regulations .
Earlier this year the site disclosed plans for thousands of Shell job losses .
And now , Donovan says , he is helping US investigators looking into the award of oilfield drilling licenses , providing them with information leaked to his website .
The site has broadened its coverage to include other stories about the oil and gas industry .
" I knew when I started the site that if it was static – just with the same story – people would visit us once and never again , " says Donovan .
" So I brought in a news element , mixing negative but also positive stories about Shell . "
But " kicking "
Shell is still the site 's raison d'etre , and Donovan has no intention of easing up .
" My father is 92 .
So if I live that long there 's still plenty of years to pursue my little hobby . "
Shell says of the Donovans : " We disagree fundamentally with much of the information and basis on which they make their allegations . "
The Donovans live in Essex but the website is hosted in Dallas , Texas , and is incorporated in America as a non-profit operation .
US laws offer better protection against closure attempts .
Shell tried to regain the website name , calling the Donovans cybersquatters , but in 2005 the World Intellectual Property Organisation dismissed the application .
Would Donovan stop if Shell waved a large cheque ?
" It 's gone beyond money , " he says , but he has no doubt that Shell 's lawyers are watching closely , waiting for a slip - up that would give the company a chance to go on the attack .
What are our obligations to others as people in a free society ?
Is it just for the government to tax the rich to help the poor ?
Is the free market fair ?
On Thursday night , Steve Seel welcomed Harvard professor Michael J. Sandel at Policy and a Pint to discuss these questions and more .
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) -- Iran has sent an " initial response " to a proposal designed to break the deadlock over its nuclear program , the International Atomic Energy Agency said Thursday .
The IAEA did not say what Iran 's response was .
The deal could reduce the amount of material Iran has to make a nuclear bomb .
The United States and its allies fear Tehran 's goal is to make a bomb .
Iran denies it .
Under the proposal , Iran would send low - enriched uranium abroad to be turned into material for use in medical research and treatment at a reactor in Tehran .
Iran 's hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad struck a rare conciliatory note Thursday , saying that the Islamic republic was ready for nuclear cooperation with Western powers .
Ahmadinejad , speaking to crowds in the northeastern city of Mashhad , said the West has gone from " confrontation to cooperation , " according to state - run Press TV , and praised the IAEA as " playing a genuine role . "
" One , they told us to stop ( nuclear work , ) " he said .
" Now they express readiness to cooperate with us in exchange of fuel , expansion of the technology and construction of power plants and atomic reactors . "
He said his nation is ready to talk with the United States and its allies in developing Iran 's nuclear program , and he described a current draft proposal as a " victory " for Iran .
A formal response to the proposal is expected from Tehran on Friday .
If accepted , it could help quell the international showdown over Iran 's nuclear activities .
That deal , brokered earlier this month at IAEA headquarters in Vienna , Austria , would send low - enriched uranium abroad for further enrichment and then return it to Iran for use in medical research and treatment at a reactor in Tehran .
And , Ahmadinejad said , getting fuel for the Tehran reactor would provide an opportunity to determine the " honesty " of the IAEA and the countries involved in the negotiations .
" We welcome the exchange of fuel , technical cooperation and construction of power plants and reactors and we are prepared to cooperate ( in those areas ) , " he said .
Iran shocked the world in September by revealing the existence of a previously unknown nuclear plant near the city of Qom .
The IAEA , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , sent a team of inspectors for a four - day visit to that facility , Press TV said .
It said the inspectors " have expressed satisfaction with their mission . "
Iranian officials are expected to meet with the five permanent members of theU.N. Security Council -- Britain , China , France , Russia and the United States -- plus Germany , to further discuss the nuclear program .
Ahmadinejad also said that Iran expected countries who are parties to the talks to " fulfill their previous obligations . "
" We have nuclear contracts .
It has been 30 years .
We have paid for them .. such agreements must be fulfilled ... for technical activities , for reactors and power plants .
If we intend to cooperate , such contracts must be addressed and the previous commitments must be fulfilled . "
Iranian lawmaker Hossein Ebrahimi told the semi-official Mehr News Agency on Wednesday that nuclear talks between Iran and Western powers have greatly improved .
" Current international circumstances suggest that the atmosphere of distrust in the ongoing nuclear talks is diminishing , " said Ebrahimi , a member of the Majlis National Security and Foreign Policy Committee .
He said the IAEA - brokered proposal would be beneficial " because Iran 's right to produce enriched uranium would be recognized . "
" If we choose this option , we can continue enrichment and gradually increase our ability to produce uranium that is more enriched to supply our power plants and reactors in the future , " Ebrahimi added .
A Dangerous Time for Hondurans : Making the Coup “ Stick ” by Forcing a Vote
The Honduran armed forces are comprised of 12,000 men and 14,000 police in this impoverished Central American nation of 7.5 million people , and the military has called up reservists for deployment during the election .
— AFP
Now that the US government has largely finished its “ business ” in Honduras , it looks like the most dangerous times for Hondurans who oppose the coup and the election are still ahead .
Between now and election day , the Michelettis have to figure a way to make this US - elite Honduran coup “ stick ” and produce an election that looks legitimate even though it is fraudulent at best .
With a majority of Hondurans opposing the coup regime and rejecting elections , the coup must repress the population , to a level likely to surpass the carnage of the previous 140 plus days .
When the US stated that it would recognize the result of the November 29 election , it simultaneously bought off on whatever repression the coup regime deems appropriate to make the election appear “ free and fair . ”
The US will be looking the other way as the repression ramps up which means much of mainstream media will as well .
You say , “ but they ca n’t repress all the people for opposing the coup and the election ” and you are right .
But it can and will ‘ criminalize ” enough of those in the Resistance movement to provide cover for brutal repression of Hondurans across the board .
And that campaign has already started .
Over the last week , two things have taken place to introduce the specter of a “ criminal ” element in the Resistance movement .
First , the de facto regime ’s Attorney General was supposedly shot at while in his car and coup authorities are saying it was an assassination attempt .
The second was an article about a grenade that was launched in Tegucigalpa at a building which houses ballots for the election .
Deeper in the article , it said the grenade landed 500 yards from the building .
What , this was someone with bad intentions and an insanely poor shot ?
The coup regime is beginning to weave a scenario that the Resistance , not having succeeded in ousting it , will try to destroy it by targeting the election .
By alleging that the grenade was aimed at destroying the ballots , the coup regime is building the case in the right wing press that the Resistance is trying to destroy the right of Hondurans to a “ free and fair election . ”
And , of course , the use of a grenade completes the profile that there are a lot of angry , violent people roaming around on the streets .
Enter , the US - funded and - trained Honduran military and I fear the previous 140 days will look like a cakewalk .
With the low voter participation rate expected if the Resistance accomplishes an extensive boycott , the legitimacy of the election should be in immediate doubt .
Or , maybe not .
This past Spring , in Haiti , the people boycotted elections because the most prominent party in the country , and the one to which President Aristide belongs , was BANNED from the ballot .
At the end of voting day , it appeared than no more than 3 % of the electorate voted .
The next day , the US ambassador congratulated Haiti for a successful election and recommended that the Haitian government jail all the leaders of the boycott because they were trying to disrupt a “ free election . ”
With the US ’ delaration that it will recognize whatever result comes from the Honduran election , they care not how Micheletti gets there .
And , the irony is that the millions of Hondurans who have marched daily since June 28 for re-establishment of democratic order may be framed for trying to destroy it .
Veritas
Submitted on 2009/12/28 at 8:57am
Speaking of need for new elected officials , it is excruciating to watch the video ( on Drudge ) of Max Baucus talking incoherently about Health Care inebriated on the Floor of the Senate ( Drudge : DRUNK WITH POWER ? TOP DEM SLURS ON SENATE FLOOR ) … , then hear Janet Napolitano tell us we are “ safe ” when the Brits are saying that there may be as many as 25 MORE terrorists ready to do acts such as the recent one by the Nigerian national ( who was on board without a passport ) … G-d have Mercy !
Answer :
Indeed .
It is scary , particularly knowing that prior to becoming the secretary of Homeland security Napolitano was a Governor of Arizona .
During her tenure Arizona was number 1 in the country according to the number of kidnappings and number 2 in the World .
Why did Obama pick as a director of Homeland security one with the worst record ?
What is the real intention of this Kenyan , Indonesian communist usurper ?
Is it to provide security for us or to destroy our security ?
Judge for yourself .
Seeing targeted destruction of our economy , our security , dissipation of American jobs , massive corruption in the Government , Congress Department of Justice and Judiciary , it might be time to start rallies and protests using our second amendment right to bear arms and organise in militias .
Comments
When times get tough and belts get tight , one of the first things many companies do is begin casting about for ways increase efficiency and raise per-worker productivity .
Many businesses turn to free and open - source tools to meet these needs , and at some point in such discussions someone invariably suggests a wiki for some internal project .
But the wiki idea often gets rejected soon after it 's floated , typically because wikis are perceived to be insecure , inaccurate , or difficult to use ; either that , or someone in the discussion has gone the wiki route before , only to see their wiki languish from lack of interest and participation .
These perceptions and experiences that lead companies to reject wikis are rooted in a common problem : the vast majority of the public has formed 100 percent of their expectations about what a wiki can and should be based on the single example of Wikipedia .
Few have ever seen wikis used creatively and successfully in a real - life business context , so even when IT professionals attempt to implement wikis in their own companies they lack real experience and good examples to imitate .
As someone who 's currently writing a book on wikis ( see my bio below ) , I 've talked at length with a number of different organizations about the wiki's role in their business .
In this article , I 'll share with you some of what I 've learned about wikis in the real - world by taking a case - study approach to describing how and why a handful very different organizations are successfully using wikis .
After seeing the kinds of things that are being done with wikis , you might be motivated to give the technology a second look .
Wikis and communities : Webworks.com
Like standard websites before them , wikis have grown to be useful in any number of ways , and the potential of the wiki technology is only limited by the imagination of those who use it .
But what makes a wiki so powerful for collaboration is that the " anyone can edit " capability means that the development of a wiki is typically driven by the community of people who use it , rather than being mandated and guided from on - high by a centralized IT or by company leadership .
The team at WebWorks.com uses different wikis to support distinct sets of user communities within the company .
WebWorks.com first installed a wiki in 2003 to provide a collaborative environment for its software development team to share ideas , and to document and comment on the progress of a product build .
A couple of years later , the company 's services group chose a different wiki platform to manage projects and collaborate with customers .
The company says that the introduction of the wiki made customer communication more efficient by enabling everyone to work from the same information source for troubleshooting and project planning , with the net effect that projects were completed quicker , there were fewer incidents of the project specifications changing , and everyone was kept informed of progress so there were no surprises .
By 2007 , the software development wiki had grown and been transformed into the company 's " innerwiki , " which replaced a static , traditional , Web - based intranet .
The wiki became the source for all company information and was treated as the canonical internal document of record .
As CEO Tony McDow puts it , " if something is n't on the wiki , it does n't officially exist . "
The same year , WebWorks launched its first public - facing wiki : the WebWorks Help Center , which is aimed at the more active members of its user community .
The wiki.webworks.com site is a place for the WebWorks developers and support teams to post content , notes , and general information about the product , and for registered users to post enhancement requests , or even their own projects and ideas , so they can get assistance and feedback from their peers .
A new wiki was then launched the following year in order to assist in the promotion and planning of the company 's annual ' RoundUp ' users conference .
Using a wiki instead of a standard website allowed the conference organizers to monitor and make quick changes to the areas they were responsible for , and it let speakers and exhibitors post their own information and make edits and additions right up until the opening day of the event .
A special area of the wiki was set up for conference attendees to take notes and make observations as the event was taking place .
In the last twelve months , the latest WebWorks wiki , docs.
webworks.com , was launched as an online destination for all of the company 's product documentation .
This wiki allows customers , prospects , and any other interested parties to review and comment on the documentation set .
WebWorks also developed a technique for linking the product 's embedded online help to the wiki documentation so that anyone accessing the online help can immediately see if the topic they are looking at has been updated or commented on in the public wiki .
As I said above : different wikis for different communities , each designed to meet a defined business need .
While the majority of corporate wikis currently reside behind company firewalls , there is a trend toward making them publicly available , as with three of the WebWorks wikis above .
But moving a wiki into the public domain tends to immediately raise some concerns about quality and security .
The accuracy issue : Geometrica
There is a common perception that wikis are highly inaccurate ; the best - known example of this is the online encyclopedia Wikipedia , which is often criticized for its errors .
This is a common misconception , based on the idea that if " anyone " can contribute , the quality of data will suffer because there is no editorial control .
But in practice , the opposite tends to happen , especially in wikis that are designed for internal corporate use .
Any posted content is not subject to the whims , preferences , or even prejudices of a single editor or manager ; it is now subject to the review of the whole community .
As a consequence , other subject matter experts within the company can comment , change , and contribute quickly and easily .
People with a passion for a particular subject tend to self - police the areas of a wiki covering that subject ; they make changes very quickly , and if some misleading or incorrect information is posted then it is instantly challenged and rapidly corrected , with a consequential increase in the quality of the information .
The truth is that a wiki , like any other website , is as open or as secure as you want to make it .
Houston , Texas - based construction company Geometrica experienced this exact result when implementing a wiki - based ISO9000 compliant quality management system .
CEO Francisco Castano explained that originally there was resistance to the wiki due to " the ingrained perceptions about the need for the sequential authoring - editing - approval - publication process and the perception that when a document is published its information is correct , complete , permanent , and authoritative . "
But when Geometrica allowed every staff member the rights to edit or comment on its wiki , the distinction between author , editor and approver disappeared .
Castano pointed out that " because the organization is working towards one goal [ in this case ISO 9000 Quality Control Certification ] , anyone can share ideas , discuss , comment , change , edit , copy and paste as needed .
Everyone 's skills and knowledge are welcomed . "
One unforeseen benefit of this open collaboration was a marked increase in the quality of the documentation being developed on the wiki .
The ease of editing meant more people got involved with less effort as barriers to participation , such as knowledge of specialist editing tools , were eliminated .
Many small corrections or improvements that might have previously been ignored as being tolerable , if not perfect , tend to get corrected .
The aggregation of these many small improvements resulted in significant change , or " wiki magic , " as Castano calls it .
Are wikis secure ?
The " anyone can edit " philosophy that underpins most wiki implementations leads to the assumption that wikis are inherently insecure and open to vandalism , hacking , and other malicious behavior .
This impression is reinforced by the all - too - frequent press reports about vandalism of various high - profile Wikipedia articles ( the number of press reports being totally out of proportion to the actual number and frequency of attacks when compared with the actual number of pages on Wikipedia ) .
The truth is that a wiki , like any other website , is as open or as secure as you want to make it .
The Wikipedia model is perhaps the most open , with just a simple , unverified , and automated login required before you can start editing .
However , most wikis come with access controls built - in , and they can be set up so that only named individuals ( or groups ) have access to , or can even view , specific pages .
It is also possible to set up wiki pages so that edits are n't allowed and only separate feedback comments can be made ( the most common model for documentation wikis ) .
With the Geometrica wiki project , every contributor was identified by name , and all changes to the wiki were logged by author and timestamp so that the wiki administrator could track page changes by user or date .
Most wikis allow notification of changes to be sent out via RSS feed , which not only lets users interested in a specific topic to be notified when changes are made , but also allows administrators to be made aware of activity on the wiki .
In many ways , wikis are far more secure and manageable than a traditional website .
But even before security becomes an issue , you have to consider how you will get people to use the wiki .
Space shuttle Atlantis blasts off from Kennedy Space Center , Orlando Sentinel
" ... the launch came amid major worries about NASA 's future , as the agency has been told by the White House to consider cutting its 2011 budget by as much as 10 percent .
Based on the agency 's proposed 2009 - 2010 budget of $ 18.7 billion , that would equal roughly $ 1.87 billion .
That kind of cut would end human spaceflight for at least the next decade -- and likely longer -- according to a presidential space panel that recommended last month a $ 3 billion - a - year spending increase so NASA could run a " meaningful " manned - space program . "
An ideological bootcamp and a manual promoting Christian domination suggest women quit working , men have a birthright to establish " dynasties " at home , and violence is a legitimate means of achieving a " Christian " nation .
Rev. Rusty Lee Thomas , Assistant Director of Operation Save
America , is worried .
According to studies by the Barna Research Group ,
California pollsters specializing in tracking religious and spiritual
attitudes , only nine percent of teenaged Christians believe in moral absolutes .
What ’s more , Barna reports that the vast majority of kids raised Christian will
abandon all or part of their faith by the time they finish high school .
“ Assembly of God leaders estimate between 65 and 70 percent will depart , while
the Southern Baptist Council on Family Life estimates roughly 88 percent will
leave , ” Thomas writes .
To remedy this , Thomas ’ Elijah Ministries has started the
Kingdom Leadership Institute , a weeklong ideological boot camp for
home - schooled Christians between the ages of 14 and 21 .
His recently released
book , The Kingdom Leadership Institute
Manual , is a roadmap for their training and a fascinating — if twisted — look
at the concerns of far right evangelicals , complete with a game plan for
action .
There ’s no pussy - footing in Thomas ’ screed .
For him the
battle between God and Satan is at hand , pitting True Believers against Sinners .
Common ground ?
Impossible since there are only two sides , one resulting in
heavenly salvation and the other ending with the earth ’s destruction .
“ Life is not a playground , ” he rails .
“ It is a war zone —
a
clash of ideas , philosophies , values , and worldviews .
It demands leaders who do
not shrink back in [ sic ] the day of battle . ”
He calls it “ spiritual warfare ”
and repeatedly summons images straight out of the Middle Ages , with gallant Knights
protecting grateful maidens , and courtliness trumping gender equity .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Contemporary equals bad , he rants .
“ During Colonial times ,
children would be up at four in the morning to help with chores ; spoke only
when spoken to by an adult ; and by the age of seven or eight , boys had chosen
their craft or trade and were ready to become apprentices .
What a contrast
compared to the unruliness , laziness , and lack of direction that characterizes
many in this generation . ”
One can
only wonder about the regimen imposed on the good reverend ’s 13 children and
two grandchildren .
As Thomas sees it , the crisis facing today ’s young people is
a direct result of American secularism– you know , those pesky rules separating
religion and government .
In his
telling , the lead culprit is the Supreme Court which has usurped God ’s legal
authority , outlawing prayer in schools , sanctioning abortion and gay rights ,
and allowing infidels — AKA Muslims — to live freely among us .
Remember Alabama Judge Roy Moore ?
So does Thomas , and he is
still smarting from Moore ’s 2003 comeuppance .
Moore — one of Thomas ’ few heroes — had posted the 10
Commandments in the Rotunda of the state Judicial Building , something most
folks — Christians and non — saw as a violation of church / state separation .
Not
Moore .
Given a choice between
removing the Commandments or losing his job , he chose the latter which
demonstrates , says Thomas , how far the Godly have fallen in the US of A .
Thomas ’ solution for changing this and returning American
youth to the Christian fold is straightforward , if absurd , and starts with home
schooling .
Women , he writes ,
should quit working for money and instead work on inculcating “ Christian
values ” , including male supremacy , in the next generation .
“ A patriarch is a
family ruler .
He is the man in charge , ” Thomas begins .
“ Biblical manhood
demands men … defend and shield or cover women from injury , evil or oppression . ”
Not surprisingly , Thomas puts forward an essentialized view : Men are logical ,
women emotional and spiritually attuned .
Feminist challenges to this monochromatic
definition are anathema to nature , he charges .
Worse , they challenge the male
birthright to establish a “ dynasty ” at home .
Yep , you read right .
A dynasty .
“ Feminists charge that Christianity promotes a patriarchal
religion , which oppresses women and steals their potential .
Although it is true
that Christianity is patriarchal , the function of true patriarchy is to protect ,
provide , and care for women and children .
Biblical patriarchy is expressed as
chivalry , ” Thomas writes .
You can almost see Thomas squirming at the idea of women’s
equality or the varied gender expressions feminists have championed .
And then there ’s his obvious discomfort
with power - wielding females .
“ A
woman can manipulate , dominate and control a man to the point that his manhood
is slowly eaten away like a cancer , ” he raves .
Finally , there ’s the ultimate rightwing putdown : “ Too many
women seek value by trying to become men , lead as men , and be aggressive as
men . ”
For Thomas , the call is not only to criminalize abortion and
homosexuality , return prayer to the schools , get women out of the workplace , and
declare the U.S. a Christian nation , but also to impose Biblical rule on all
who reside within our national borders .
Furthermore , he ’s going for blood — and I
mean that literally .
“ Whether we like it or not , ours is a bloody religion , ” he
explains .
“ Beginning with God slaying the animals to cover Adam and Eve after
the fall …to the final sacrifice by our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ , one theme
rings true .
Without the shedding of blood , there is no remission of sins . ”
It ’s hard to know whether this is an oblique reference to
murdering abortion providers or is a more literal reference to the war Thomas
envisions between his parishioners and everyone else .
But either way , Thomas ’ fighting words are sure to unsettle
at least some of his youthful charges , sending them squarely into the arms of
21st century secularism .
I say a hearty amen to that .
Hallelujah .
Ordnance teams are saving lives by masterminding the enemy 's weapons .
Careless treatment of captured materiel may deprive the U. S. of vital information .
" One of the biggest difficulties that Ordnance Intelligence Teams face is the continued refusal of combat units to recognize the importance of technical information gained from a study of enemy ordnance . "
The man who said this knew what he was talking about .
He is a lieutenant in charge of an Ordnance Technical Intelligence Team now operating in the Pacific .
This officer 's report emphasized an unfortunate condition which has existed for a long time .
Combat troops , preoccupied with fighting or souvenir hunting , are unaware of the part captured enemy equipment plays in the progressive development of our own weapons , and of its usefulness in enabling intelligence officers to predict the probable widespread use of new weapons by enemy troops .
This difficult master - minding is a job of the Army Service Forces Enemy Equipment Intelligence Service Teams .
These teams include trained personnel from each technical service .
Specifically , where weapons are concerned , it is a job for Ordnance Technical Intelligence , which must keep the army up to date in this highly technical aspect of warfare .
Early in the war , the U. S. Army saw the necessity for immediate first - hand technical observation , and in December 1942 the first Ordnance Intelligence Team , a handful of specially - trained officers and enlisted men , was dispatched to a combat zone .
Its mission was to procure enemy weapons and ship them to the United States to be used in a continuous study of the latest developments and trends in the enemy armament industry and to rapidly develop counter weapons .
Today teams of trained technical observers work in every theater of operations .
Many times these intelligence teams have landed with the assault echelon of U. S. invasion forces , often going in with the first or second wave .
Their work begins immediately , inasmuch as they must be on hand to gather enemy weapons as they are captured and before the materiel has been needlessly damaged or carted away by souvenir hunters .
As soon as possible , a field headquarters is established , and the investigation of captured weapons begins .
Because they are schooled in the intracacies of enemy weapons , the personnel of Ordnance Intelligence Teams often have turned captured weapons against the enemy .
Such was the case recently in France when Ordnance Intelligence men were able to " cannibalize " enough from captured German artillery pieces to equip U. S. artillerymen with 50 German 105 - mm pieces .
The first concern of the intelligence teams is to get possession of those captured enemy weapons that are of no immediate value to the combat units .
These weapons are inspected , a preliminary report is written , and the guns are then shipped to a rear - area proving ground operated by the theater ordnance officer .
Here the guns , and other captured equipment , are put through field tests to determine any new tactical information that will be of immediate value to the troops operating in that theater .
If a gun under test shows no new characteristics , it may be sent to a theater training area where replacement troops use it in pre-combat instruction .
Should it be a weapon worth further intelligence analysis , it is shipped immediately to the U. S .
Contrary to a recent G. I. rumor that captured weapons are sold at War Bond rallies , test - worthy captured guns , tanks , ammunition , and vehicles procured by Ordnance Intelligence Teams are sent from every theater to the Ordnance Research and Development Center at Aberdeen , Maryland .
Here they are started on a routine of tactical and technical analysis designed to discover every item of information which may be of value to our own troops and to our munitions program .
The general performance of the equipment is studied , and a report of the tests is issued to all interested agencies .
Often the equipment is broken down , and component parts are shipped to various laboratories , arsenals , and industries throughout the country , where they may be studied and tested by highly trained metallurgists , engineers , and other specialists .
The results of these fine - tooth inspections are submitted to the development engineers concerned with the design of similar equipment for the U. S. Army .
Such analysis of enemy equipment has disclosed a wealth of information of value in the development of U. S. weapons — a fact which perhaps is not generally known .
For years the enemy prepared for war , and consequently was well advanced in the development of new weapons and the improvement of the design and manufacturing technique of old equipment .
In only a very few instances has the enemy introduced a new type of weapon unknown to American designers .
However , there have been occasions when the discovery of a hitherto unused manufacturing technique in some piece of German equipment has proved the reliability of a similar , but untested , American idea .
Such a circumstance often has enabled U. S. engineers to make short - cuts between the designing and production of a new or improved weapon .
In addition to disclosing the plausibility of new manufacturing techniques , the analysis of captured equipment often has revealed new and improved design in the minor components of a weapon .
U. S. engineers are quick to adopt such changes in improving our own equipment .
More than 50 design features in U. S. ordnance matériel have been adapted from similar German and Japanese equipment captured by U. S. soldiers and turned in to technical intelligence men .
Because the enemy continually is developing new equipment designs and modifications to counter our weapons and to compensate for production lost in bombed - out industry , it becomes increasingly important for technical intelligence men in the field to procure samples of newly - captured equipment .
The gun which , to an infantryman , appears to be a standard job the Japs or Jerries have been using all along may actually be an old design produced under new specifications , and perhaps with an important modification .
Yet a standard answer encountered by Ordnance Intelligence officers , when requesting that a certain item of enemy ordnance be turned over to them by combat troops , is : " What does the Ordnance Department want with that ?
It 's listed in our own Enemy Weapons Handbook ! "
Federal agencies with science - related missions scored high on the latest biannual report of employee satisfaction released this week .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission received the highest overall rating among large agencies ( more than 2,000 employees ) , with NASA , the intelligence community ( individual agencies not broken out ) , and the Environmental Protection Agency in the top 10 .
The National Science Foundation also scored high–no .
5 of 32 – among the smaller agencies .
The “ Best Places to Work in the Federal Government ” report is issued every two years , with the first publication in 2003 .
The non-profit organization Partnership for Public Service and American University ’s Institute for the Study of Public Policy Implementation prepare the report .
They draw the data from the Federal Human Capital Survey conducted by Office of Personnel Management , with the last survey in August and September 2008 .
The survey is sent to 417,000 executive branch employees , with 212,000 responses ( 51 % return rate ) .
Respondents rate their agencies on 10 main dimensions :
Match between their skills and the agency ’s mission : the extent to which employees feel that their skills and talents are used effectively
Strategic management : the extent to which employees believe that management ensures they have the necessary skills and abilities to do their jobs
Teamwork : the extent to which employees believe they communicate effectively both inside and outside of their team organizations , creating a friendly work atmosphere and producing high quality work products .
Effective leadership , with further ratings of empowerment , fairness , respect for leaders , and respect for their immediate supervisors
Performance - based awards and advancement
Training and development
Support for diversity
Family - friendly culture : telecommuting and alternative work scheduling , along with personal support benefits like child care subsidies and wellness programs
Pay and benefits
Work / life balance : extent to which employees consider their workloads reasonable and feasible , and mangers support a balance between work and life .
The report also breaks out employee satisfaction at 216 subdivisions within agencies , some of which employ large numbers of scientists .
Several NASA space flight centers and EPA regional offices scored high among these operations , reflecting their overall agency ratings .
National Institute of Standards and Technology in the Commerce Department ranked 19 of 216 components overall , while National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , also in the Commerce Department , ranked 35th .
NIH came in at no .
72 , USDA ’s Agricultural Research Service ranked 77th .
Other agencies and departments employing scientists received mediocre or lower scores .
The Department of Energy ranked 19 of 30 larger agencies .
( None of the subdivisions in DoE or national labs were broken out separately . )
The Food and Drug Administration in HHS came in at no. 86 of 216 components , Interior ’s U.S. Geological Survey , ranked 108 , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in HHS ranked 143 .
Rated dead last among the larger agencies was the Department of Transportation ; among smaller agencies it was the Federal Labor Relations Authority .
People buy high and sell low .
They believe their horoscope .
They figure it ca n’t happen to them .
They bet it all on black because black is due .
They supersize their fries and order the diet Coke .
They talk on a cellphone while driving .
They throw good money after bad .
They bet that a financial bubble will never burst .
You ’ve done something similarly stupid .
So have I. Professor Keith Stanovich should know better , but he ’s made stupid mistakes , too .
“ I lost $ 30,000 on a house once , ” he laughs .
“ Probably we overpaid for it .
All of the books tell you , ‘ Do n’t fall in love with one house ; fall in love with four houses . ’
We violated that rule . ”
Stanovich is an adjunct professor of human development and applied psychology at the University of Toronto who studies intelligence and rationality .
The reason smart people can sometimes be stupid , he says , is that intelligence and rationality are different .
“ There is a narrow set of cognitive skills that we track and that we call intelligence .
But that ’s not the same as intelligent behaviour in the real world , ” Stanovich says .
He ’s even coined a term to describe the failure to act rationally despite adequate intelligence : “ dysrationalia . ”
How we define and measure intelligence has been controversial since at least 1904 , when Charles Spearman proposed that a “ general intelligence factor ” underlies all cognitive function .
Others argue that intelligence is made up of many different cognitive abilities .
Some want to broaden the definition of intelligence to include emotional and social intelligence .
Stanovich believes that the intelligence that IQ tests measure is a meaningful and useful construct .
He ’s not interested in expanding our definition of intelligence .
He ’s happy to stick with the cognitive kind .
What he argues is that intelligence by itself can’t guarantee rational behaviour .
Earlier this year , Yale University Press published Stanovich ’s book What Intelligence Tests Miss : The Psychology of Rational Thought .
In it , he proposes a whole range of cognitive abilities and dispositions independent of intelligence that have at least as much to do with whether we think and behave rationally .
In other words , you can be intelligent without being rational .
And you can be a rational thinker without being especially intelligent .
Time for a pop quiz .
Try to solve this problem before reading on .
Jack is looking at Anne , but Anne is looking at George .
Jack is married but George is not .
Is a married person looking at an unmarried person ?
Yes No Cannot be determined
More than 80 per cent of people answer this question incorrectly .
If you concluded that the answer cannot be determined , you ’re one of them .
( So was I . )
The correct answer is , yes , a married person is looking at an unmarried person .
Most of us believe that we need to know if Anne is married to answer the question .
But think about all of the possibilities .
If Anne is unmarried , then a married person ( Jack ) is looking at an unmarried person ( Anne ) .
If Anne is married , then a married person ( Anne ) is looking at an unmarried person ( George ) .
Either way , the answer is yes .
To figure this out , most people have the intelligence if you tell them something like “ think logically ” or “ consider all the possibilities . ”
But unprompted , they wo n’t bring their full mental faculties to bear on the problem .
And that ’s a major source of dysrationalia , Stanovich says .
We are all “ cognitive misers ” who try to avoid thinking too much .
This makes sense from an evolutionary point of view .
Thinking is time - consuming , resource intensive and sometimes counterproductive .
If the problem at hand is avoiding the charging sabre - toothed tiger , you do n’t want to spend more than a split second deciding whether to jump into the river or climb a tree .
So we ’ve developed a whole set of heuristics and biases to limit the amount of brainpower we bear on a problem .
These techniques provide rough and ready answers that are right a lot of the time – but not always .
For instance , in one experiment , a researcher offered subjects a dollar if , in a blind draw , they picked a red jelly bean out of a bowl of mostly white jelly beans .
The subjects could choose between two bowls .
One bowl contained nine white jelly beans and one red one .
The other contained 92 white and eight red ones .
Thirty to 40 per cent of the test subjects chose to draw from the larger bowl , even though most understood that an eight per cent chance of winning was worse than a 10 per cent chance .
The visual allure of the extra red jelly beans overcame their understanding of the odds .
Or consider this problem .
There ’s a disease outbreak expected to kill 600 people if no action is taken .
There are two treatment options .
Option A will save 200 people .
Option B gives a one - third probability that 600 people will be saved , and a two - thirds probability that no one will be saved .
Most people choose A .
It ’s better to guarantee that 200 people be saved than to risk everyone dying .
But ask the question this way – Option A means 400 people will die .
Option B gives a one - third probability that no one will die and two - thirds probability that 600 will die – and most people choose B .
They ’ll risk killing everyone on the lesser chance of saving everyone .
The trouble , from a rational standpoint , is that the two scenarios are identical .
All that ’s different is that the question is restated to emphasize the 400 certain deaths from Option A , rather than the 200 lives saved .
This is called the “ framing effect . ”
It shows that how a question is asked dramatically affects the answer , and can even lead to a contradictory answer .
Then there ’s the “ anchoring effect . ”
In one experiment , researchers spun a wheel that was rigged to stop at either number 10 or 65 .
When the wheel stopped , the researchers asked their subjects if the percentage of African countries in the United Nations is higher or lower than that number .
Then the researchers asked the subjects to estimate the actual percentage of African countries in the UN .
The people who saw the larger number guessed significantly higher than those who saw the lower number .
The number “ anchored ” their answers , even though they thought the number was completely arbitrary and meaningless .
The list goes on .
We look for evidence that confirms our beliefs and discount evidence that discredits it ( confirm - ation bias ) .
We evaluate situations from our own perspective without considering the other side ( “ myside ” bias ) .
We ’re influenced more by a vivid anecdote than by statistics .
We are overconfident about how much we know .
We think we ’re above average .
We ’re certain that we ’re not affected by biases the way others are .
Finally , Stanovich identifies another source of dysrationalia – what he calls “ mindware gaps . ”
Mindware , he says , is made up of learned cognitive rules , strategies and belief systems .
It includes our understanding of probabilities and statistics , as well as our willingness to consider alternative hypotheses when trying to solve a problem .
Mindware is related to intelligence in that it ’s learned .
However , some highly intelligent , educated people never acquire the appropriate mindware .
People can also suffer from “ contaminated mindware , ” such as superstition , which leads to irrational decisions .
Stanovich argues that dysrationalities have important real - world consequences .
They can affect the financial decisions you make , the government policies you support , the politicians you elect and , in general , your ability to build the life you want .
For example , Stanovich and his colleagues found that problem gamblers score lower than most people on a number of rational thinking tests .
They make more impulsive decisions , are less likely to consider the future consequences of their actions and are more likely to believe in lucky and unlucky numbers .
They also score poorly in understanding probability and statistics .
For instance , they ’re less likely to understand that when tossing a coin , five heads in a row does not make tails more likely to come up on the next toss .
Their dysrationalia likely makes them not just bad gamblers , but problem gamblers – people who keep gambling despite hurting themselves , their family and their livelihood .
From early in his career , Stanovich has followed the pioneering heuristics and biases work of Daniel Kahneman , who won a Nobel Prize in economics , and his colleague Amos Tversky .
In 1994 , Stanovich began comparing people ’s scores on rationality tests with their scores on conventional intelligence tests .
What he found is that they do n’t have a lot to do with one another .
On some tasks , there is almost a complete dissociation between rational thinking and intelligence .
You might , for example , think more rationally than someone much smarter than you .
Likewise , a person with dysrationalia is almost as likely to have higher than average intelligence as he or she is to have lower than average intelligence .
To understand where the rationality differences between people come from , Stanovich suggests thinking of the mind as having three parts .
First is the “ autonomous mind ” that engages in problematic cognitive shortcuts .
Stanovich calls this “ Type 1 processing . ”
It happens quickly , automatically and without conscious control .
The second part is the algorithmic mind .
It engages in Type 2 processing , the slow , laborious , logical thinking that intelligence tests measure .
The third part is the reflective mind .
It decides when to make do with the judgments of the autonomous mind , and when to call in the heavy machinery of the algorithmic mind .
The reflective mind seems to determine how rational you are .
Your algorithmic mind can be ready to fire on all cylinders , but it ca n’t help you if you never engage it .
When and how your reflective mind springs into action is related to a number of personality traits , including whether you are dogmatic , flexible , open - minded , able to tolerate ambiguity or conscientious .
“ The inflexible person , for instance , has trouble assimilating new knowledge , ” Stanovich says .
“ People with a high need for closure shut down at the first adequate solution .
Coming to a better solution would require more cognitive effort . ”
Fortunately , rational thinking can be taught , and Stanovich thinks the school system should expend more effort on it .
Teaching basic statistical and scientific thinking helps .
And so does teaching more general thinking strategies .
Studies show that a good way to improve critical thinking is to think of the opposite .
Once this habit becomes ingrained , it helps you to not only consider alternative hypotheses , but to avoid traps such as anchoring , confirmation and myside bias .
Stanovich argues that psychologists should perhaps develop tests to determine a rationality quotient ( RQ ) to complement IQ tests .
“ I ’m not necessarily an advocate of pushing tests on everyone , ” he says .
“ But if you are going to test for cognitive function , why restrict testing to just an IQ test , which only measures a restricted domain of cognitive function ? ”
An indie - band drummer from Brooklyn fell to his death today after trying to leap from a freight elevator at a tony Williamsburg fund - raiser , police said .
Jerry Fuchs , 34 , who drummed for West Coast dance - punk band !!!
( pronounced “ chk chk chk ” ) and the Georgia - based psychedelic instrumental ensemble Maserati , tumbled five stories shortly after 12:30 a.m. inside 338 Berry St. , cops said .
“ It ’s a manual freight elevator , and it stopped somewhere above the fifth floor , ” said Buildings Department spokesman Tony Sclafani .
Sources said Fuchs and his pal opened the elevator door and attempted to jump the 3 to 4 feet separating the elevator from the fifth floor .
The friend landed safely , but a piece of Fuchs ’ clothing caught on the elevator , causing him to be yanked backward as he jumped , sending him swinging back into the crevice separating the elevator from the fifth floor .
He fell and landed at the bottom of the shaft .
He was rushed to Bellevue Hospital , where he died at 3:30 a.m .
The drummer had been attending a formal - dress , invite - only benefit to raise money for women in India , sources said .
Fuchs is the second Maserati drummer to meet a tragic end .
In 2005 , then - drummer Mikel Gius was run down and killed as he rode his bike on a Sacramento street .
“ The Flood in Color ” is now available everywhere you listen to music !
Click here to take a listen !
If you ’ve been here before , you probably know your way around , so welcome back .
If you ’re new here you might want to start by checking out the “ Essential Joe Pug ” playlist on Spotify .
And do n’t forget to visit the Tour page to see if we ’ll be playing near you anytime soon .
If you ’re looking for CDs , Vinyl , Hats , Shirts or anything like that you ’ll find it all at our Online Store .
In any case , we ’re glad you took the time to stop by .
Law enforcement officers routinely ask people for their names and other identifying information .
Police may ask for the information as part of a specific criminal investigation .
Law enforcement officers routinely ask people for their names and other identifying information .
Police may ask for the information as part of a specific criminal investigation .
At other times , they may need the information to protect themselves , allowing them to determine whether the person they are speaking with has a violent criminal history .
Many states have made it illegal to refuse to provide certain identifying information to a law enforcement officer when the officer has properly requested it .
Is It a Crime to Refuse to Identify Oneself to a Law Enforcement Officer ?
In some states , a person questioned by a law enforcement officer is not required to respond .
However , many states have passed “ stop - and - identify ” laws .
These laws permit a law enforcement officer to stop a person suspected of criminal behavior and ask for identification .
Failure by the person stopped to respond is a violation of the law and can lead to arrest and charges .
Some states do not have stop - and - identify statutes .
Related statutes in these states vary , and some require a person to respond to the officer ’s request for identification , and some do not .
However , if a person does voluntarily elect to answer , providing false information is usually a crime .
In states that have stop - and - identify laws , the prosecutor has to prove two things in order to get a conviction :
the law enforcement officer lawfully stopped the defendant , and
the defendant refused to identify him or herself .
When Can a Law Enforcement Officer Stop Someone ?
Before a police officer can properly stop a person and ask for identification , the officer must have a reasonable , articulable suspicion that a crime has occurred or is about to occur .
This means the officer must be able to state facts and circumstances that would lead a reasonable person to believe that a crime occurred or will soon .
For example , if an officer observes a car driving lawfully in the early morning hours , those facts alone are not sufficient to indicate that a crime occurred , and the officer could not properly stop the vehicle .
On the other hand , if the officer had information that a car of the same color , make and model , and with the same number of occupants , just left the scene of a near - by crime , the officer would have specific facts suggesting that a crime occurred involving the occupants of the car and could lawfully stop the vehicle .
When Can a Law Enforcement Officer Request Information ?
As long as a law enforcement officer ’s detention ( stop ) of a person is legal , the officer is always free to ask questions .
As discussed above , in some states the person stopped must provide identification , while in other states the person stopped is not required to respond .
How Much Information Must the Person Stopped Provide to the Law Enforcement Officer ?
While the answer varies by state , all states with stop - and - identify statutes require that the person stopped provide at least a name .
Some states also require the person stopped to provide an address .
Other states simply require that the person stopped not provide false information .
In these states , the person stopped is not required to answer the law enforcement officer .
Defenses
A number of defenses are commonly raised by those charged with failure to identify to a police officer .
The law enforcement officer improperly stopped the defendant
As previously discussed , a law enforcement officer must have reasonable , articulable suspicion that a crime has occurred or is about to occur .
If the law enforcement officer stops the defendant without a reasonable belief that a crime has occurred , the prosecutor cannot use the defendant ’s refusal to answer as evidence of failure to identify to a police officer .
The law Is unconstitutionally vague
Some prosecutions for failure to identify to a police officer are based on vagrancy laws .
Such laws attempt to address issues such as loitering , panhandling , and public drunkenness by homeless or other persons who have no visible means of support .
In a number of cases , vagrancy laws have been struck down by the courts for unconstitutional vagueness .
This means that the law does not adequately describe the activity that has been made criminal .
An answer would violate the defendant ’s Fifth Amendment rights
The Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution provides that a person cannot be compelled to provide self - incriminating testimony .
In many instances , providing identification to a police officer would not be self - incriminating .
However , in other situations disclosing one ’s name might alert the officer to outstanding warrants or criminal charges .
The United States Supreme Court has not ruled on whether providing one ’s name in response to police questioning on the street constitutes “ testimony , ” thereby bringing the exchange within the protection of the Fifth Amendment .
State courts have ruled inconsistently .
So whether this defense would apply in a particular state depends on how that state ’s courts have ruled on the issue .
Penalties
Failure to identify to a police officer is usually a misdemeanor offense .
Someone convicted of this crime can be subjected to any or all of the following penalties :
Incarceration .
For misdemeanors , sentences may involve 12 months or less in the county jail , depending on the state .
The judge may require that the entire sentence be served in jail .
For misdemeanors , sentences may involve 12 months or less in the county jail , depending on the state .
The judge may require that the entire sentence be served in jail .
Fines .
Courts impose fines to penalize defendants .
These fines vary greatly , and can be as much as $ 1,000 .
Courts impose fines to penalize defendants .
These fines vary greatly , and can be as much as $ 1,000 .
Probation .
A person on probation regularly meets with a probation officer and fulfills other terms and conditions , such as maintaining employment and attending counseling .
A person on probation regularly meets with a probation officer and fulfills other terms and conditions , such as maintaining employment and attending counseling .
Community service .
Courts often include as a part of probation the requirement that the defendant volunteer for a specified number of hours with court - approved organizations , such as charities .
See a Lawyer
If you are facing a charge of failure to identify to a police officer , consider consulting with an experienced criminal defense attorney who regularly practices in your area .
A lawyer can evaluate the strength of the prosecution ’s case against you and help develop any defenses you might have .
For example , if you believe that a law enforcement officer improperly stopped you , you will want the assistance of an attorney in developing this defense .
Moreover , if information you provided to the police after an illegal stop led to your arrest for a separate crime , a lawyer may successfully prevent the prosecution from using against you the information you provided in response to the police officer 's questioning .
And if you believe that your state allows you to refrain from answering by claiming the protection of the Fifth Amendment , you ’ll need to know whether that defense is available in your state — an attorney should be able to help you with that question .
A lawyer ’s skillful negotiation with the prosecutor can sometimes result in a reduction of the charges and in lower fines .
A local criminal defense attorney , who knows how the prosecutors and judges involved in your case typically handle such cases , can assist with these negotiations .
And if you decide to go to trial , having a good lawyer in your corner will be essential .
" All the way to heaven is heaven " .
St. Cathrine
" I do n't know what planet Neil Young is from but some day I want to go there " .
" Society is like a stew , unless stirred frequently , the scum rises to the top "
- Abbey
“ If you cut down more trees than you grow , you run out of trees .
If you put additional nitrogen into a water system , you change the type and quantity of life that water can support .
If you thicken the Earth ’s CO2 blanket , the Earth gets warmer .
If you do all these and many more things at once , you change the way the whole system of planet Earth behaves , with social , economic , and life support impacts .
This is not speculation ; this is high school science . ”
- Paul Gilding
" At some point we must draw a line across the ground of our home & our being , drive a spear into the land , & say to the bulldozers , earthmovers , government & corporations , " thus far & no farther . "
— Edward Abbey
" Only in a world of unlimited resources can all men be brothers . " .. Robert Zubrin
” The USA slogs deeper into paralysis and decay in a collective mental fog of disbelief that its own exceptionalism can’t overcome the laws of thermodynamics . ”
Kunstler
" The highest form of bliss is living with a certain degree of folly . "
Evasmus
" Unlike the plagues of the dark ages or contemporary diseases , which we do not understand , the modern plague of overpopulation is soluble by means we have discovered and with resources we possess .
What is lacking is not sufficient knowledge of the solution , but universal consciousness of the gravity of the problem and the education of billions of people who are its victims . "
ML King
" The biggest threat to the American way of life , is the American way of life . "
Hagans
An old Buddhist adage says :
If and when everyone is mindlessly stupid , will anyone notice ?
" The state calls its own violence law , but that of the individual , crime . "
~ Max Stirner
" When fascism comes to this country it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying the cross " Sinclair Lewis
More than any other time in history , mankind faces a crossroads .
One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness .
The other , to total extinction .
Let us pray we have the wisdom to choose correctly .
Woody Allen
" Science reminds us that we dwell in a mystery that is ultimately more to be savored than to be solved . "
Overbye
" Unless one says goodbye to what one loves , and unless one travels to completely new territories , one can expect merely a long wearing away of oneself and an eventual extinction . " - Jean Dubuffet
" We must face the prospect of changing our basic way of living .
This change will either be made by our own initiative in a planned way , or forced on us by chaos and suffering by the inexorable laws of nature .
" J Carter
" Do not pray for an easy life , pray for the strength to endure a difficult one " - Bruce Lee .
" God is away on a business trip and he is not coming back . "
Tom Waits
Business men they drink my wine , plowmen dig my earth .
None of them along the line know what it is worth .
No reason to get excited the thief he kindly spoke .
There are many here among us that think that life is but a joke .
But you and I have been through that and this is not our fate .
So let us not talk softly now the hour is getting late .
Dylan
" I could have been somebody .
I could have been a contender . "
Brando
" To sin by silence makes cowards of men " .
A Lincoln
" It is impossible to change someone 's mind when ever bit of money he makes depends on him not changing his mind . "
I do n't know -- not me .
" When plunder becomes a way of life for a group of men living together in society , they create for themselves in the course of time a legal system that authorizes it and a moral code that glorifies it . "
Frederic Bastiat
" Death is often a good career move for an artist . "
Taleb
" I never meant to say conservatives are generally stupid .
I meant to say stupid people are generally conservative . "
John Stuart Mill
" If it ai n't fun for both of us , it ai n't fun . "
Andy Shea
In this world shipmates , sin that pays its way can travel freely , and without passport ; whereas , virtue if a pauper , is stopped at all frontiers .
Melville , Moby Dick
" At the risk of sounding ridiculous , I must say that a revolution is an act of great love . "
Che Guevara
" Greed , for lack of a better word , is good .
Greed is right .
Greed works .
Greed clarifies , cuts through , and captures , the essence of the evolutionary spirit .
Greed , in all of its forms ; greed for life , for money , for love , knowledge , has marked the upward surge of mankind and greed , you mark my words , will not only save Teldar Paper , but that other malfunctioning corporation called the U.S.A. " -
Gordon Gekko ( in the Wall Street movie )
" Men argue ; nature acts . "
Voltaire
" Its not that hard times are coming .
Its that soft times are going . "
Groucho Marx
" It does not do to leave dragons out of your calculations , if you live next to him . "
JRR Tolkien
" God forbid that India should ever take to industrialism after the manner of the West ... if an entire nation of 300 million took to a similar economic exploitation , it would strip the world bare like locusts . "
Gandhi 1928
" History does n't repeat itself , but it rhymes . "
" Those who make peaceful revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable " .
M L King
" From such crooked wood from which man is made of , nothing straight can be fashioned " Immanual Kant
In our best moments as members of a thinking and aware species , we can be quite formidable , even if we might want to be - much more - humble about that .
In the rest of our moments , though , we are blindly chasing the same urges as yeast or amoeba , which of pure physical necessity feed into never - ending cycles of growth and collapse .
Yeast do n't have options , or a choice .
Isaac Newton et al showed us that we do have .
So what will it be ?
Are we going to chase eternal growth mirages , long discarded by physics ?
Or are we going to pause and think about it ?
You would n't perhaps know it to look at us , but we can .
Raul Meijer AE
A clotheshorse racked up thousands of dollars in mystery charges on a friend ’s credit card .
Phantoms emptied your uncle ’s bank account .
Someone took out a car loan in your colleague ’s name and stuck her with the bill .
Identity fraud has been on the rise , as criminal cunning may be mixing with desperation during the downturn .
Schemes seem to multiply daily , as scammers often half a world away dream up new ways to steal data to enrich themselves .
According to Javelin Strategy and Research , 9.9 million Americans were victims of identity theft in 2008 , up from 8.1 million in 2007 .
With all kinds of private information residing in all kinds of places , vigilance can be difficult .
Using caution when surfing the Internet and keeping antivirus software up to date are vital steps , experts say , but they are not enough .
And most tools for fighting identity fraud  credit - monitoring services , fraud alerts and credit freezes  are reactive , not proactive , and they primarily address abuse of financial accounts , not other types of identity fraud .
But a new breed of products is tackling the trickier matter of preventing identity theft .
New approaches include scouring the Internet in search of signs that criminals have your information , so you can move to block them .
Others focus on keeping your data away from criminals in the first place , locking it down while you bank , shop or do other personal tasks online .
Here are some ways to keep your information yours .
As more and more people are asking us for a DownThemAll !
version for Google Chrome :
We wo n’t support Google Chrome ( and Chromium for that matter ) in the near future , if ever .
There are multiple reasons not to support Google Chrome ( at the moment ) :
While support for some types of extensions was added to Chrome just recently , the extension system in Chrome simply does n’t cut it .
It is only very limited in what you can do .
Right now there is no way to port dTa over without losing the majority of functionality .
.
Even if there were the technical means to port dTa ! to Google Chrome , we still would n’t have the time and resources to support it .
Right now we ’re in the middle of university studies or only recently completed our degrees and hence need to “ settle ” for a real - life work .
Some of us are now family men .
As you clearly noticed the number of dTa !
releases was always low with only a major release once a year .
Due to these time constraints we do n’t think we can handle supporting yet another application .
We are not yet sure about the privacy in Chrome .
Chrome itself is closed source ( not to confuse with the Chromium basis , which is open source ) and it can only be guessed what happens “ behind the scenes ” .
Google Chrome is known to transmit data back to the google servers .
This kept us away from using Google Chrome , although we watched the progress made so far .
Lastly , we are still Mozilla supporters .
While this surely wo n’t keep us away from a Chrome port , it surely does not provide us with a lot of motivation to code for Google Chrome .
Not only is Firefox the superior browser in our opinion , the Mozilla Foundation and Co. and the great people in the Mozilla community – developers , translators , designers , users and all the other folks – and the truly “ open ” mindset keep us in the Mozilla base . 😉
Thanks for your interest in a dTa !
version for Google Chrome , but we have to pass at this time .
Nils
Update 2009/12/11 :
Here is Giorgio Maones take on the Chrome extension system , with some explanation why there are no NoScript or decent ad - blockers for Google Chrome yet :
http://hackademix.net/2009/12/10/why-chrome-has-no-noscript/
After seeing “ 10 More Amazing Wonders of the Natural World ” , which many contained places I had never even heard of , I was inspired to make my own list .
This list differs from the previous in that it contains things which may not be stunning to behold , but are unique for their size , location , or natural impact .
10 The Door To Hell Turkmenistan
The Door to Hell , as local residents at the nearby town of Darvaza have dubbed it , is a 70 meter wide crater in Turkmenistan that has been burning continuously for 35 years .
In 1971 , geologists drilling for gas deposits uncovered a huge underground cavern , which caused the ground over it to collapse , taking down all their equipment and their camp with it .
Since the cavern was filled poisonous gas , they dared not go down to retrieve their equipment , and to prevent the gas escaping they ignited it , hoping it would burn itself out in a couple of days .
Unfortunately , there was a slight miscalculation as to the amount of gas that was trapped , and the crater continues to burn to this day .
You can see it on Google Earth at 40°15?8? N 58°26?23?E
9 Mount Roraima Venezuela , Brazil and Guyana
Mount Roraima is a pretty remarkable place .
It is a tabletop mountain with sheer 400 - metre high cliffs on all sides .
There is only one ‘ easy ’ way up , on a natural staircase - like ramp on the Venezuelan side – to get up any other way takes and experienced rock climber .
On the top of the mountain it rains almost every day , washing away most of the nutrients for plants to grow and creating a unique landscape on the bare sandstone surface .
This also creates some of the highest waterfalls in the world over the sides ( Angel falls is located on a similar tabletop mountain some 130 miles away ) .
Though there are only a few marshes on the mountain where vegetation can grow properly , these contain many species unique to the mountain , including a species of carnivorous pitcher plant .
8 Meteor Crater USA
Meteor Crater is a meteorite impact crater located approximately 43 miles ( 69 km ) east of Flagstaff , near Winslow in the northern Arizona desert of the United States .
Because the US Department of the Interior Division of Names commonly recognizes names of natural features derived from the nearest post office , the feature acquired the name of “ Meteor Crater ” from the nearby post office named Meteor .
The crater was created about 50,000 years ago during the Pleistocene epoch when the local climate on the Colorado Plateau was much cooler and damper .
At the time , the area was an open grassland dotted with woodlands inhabited by woolly mammoths , giant ground sloths , and camels .
It was probably not inhabited by humans ; the earliest confirmed record of human habitation in the Americas dates from long after this impact .
The object that excavated the crater was a nickel - iron meteorite about 50 meters ( 54 yards ) across , which impacted the plain at a speed of several kilometers per second .
7 The Great Dune of Pyla France
Since Europe has no deserts , you ’d think the title of “ Europe ’s largest sand dune ” would go to something that was n’t particularly impressive .
But you ’d be wrong .
The Great Dune of Pyla is 3 km long , 500 m wide and 100 m high , and for reasons I will probably never understand , it seems to have formed in a forest .
The dune is very steep on the side facing the forest and is famous for being a paragliding site .
At the top it also provides spectacular views out to sea and over the forest ( since the dune is far higher than any of the trees surrounding it ) .
6 Socotra Republic of Yemen
Socotra has been described as one of the most alien - looking place on Earth , and it ’s not hard to see why .
It is very isolated with a harsh , dry climate and as a result a third of its plant - life is found nowhere else , including the famous Dragon ’s Blood Tree , a very - unnatural looking umbrella - shaped tree which produces red sap .
There are also a large number of birds , spiders and other animals native to the island , and coral reefs around it which similarly have a large number of endemic ( i.e. only found there ) species .
Socotra is considered the most biodiverse place in the Arabian sea , and is a World Heritage Site .
5 83 - 42 Greenland
This is more of a curiosity and not visually impressive , but 83 - 42 is believed to be the northernmost permanent point of land on earth .
It is tiny , only 35 m by 15 m and 4 m high , but is about 400 miles from the north pole .
It beat the previous record holder , ATOW1996 , when it was discovered in 1998 , and lichens were found growing on it , suggesting it was not just one of the temporary gravel bars that are found in that region , which are regularly pushed around by the rough seas .
The picture above features what is currently the northernmost point on land , one of the temporary gravel bars , photographed in 2007 , as I could find no photos of 83 - 42 ( For some reason , nobody feels the need to produce a photograph of a tiny rock in the middle of nowhere , which only five people have ever stepped foot on ) .
4 Rotorua New Zealand
Rotorua is a city on the southern shores of the lake of the same name , in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand .
The city is known for its geothermal activity , with a number of geysers , notably the Pohutu Geyser at Whakarewarewa , and boiling mud pools ( pictured above ) located in the city .
This thermal activity owes itself to the Rotorua caldera on which the city lies .
Rotorua is also a top adventure destination and is New Zealand ’s Maori cultural heartland .
Rotorua city is renowned for its unique “ rotten eggs ” aroma , which is caused by the geothermal activity releasing sulphur compounds into the atmosphere .
If you are ever visiting New Zealand – this is a city you must see .
It was once home to the famed Pink and White Terraces and you can visit thermal wonderlands with sights that are truly astounding .
3 Don Juan Pond Antarctica
With a salinity of over 40 % , Don Juan Pond is the saltiest body of water in the world .
It is named after the two pilots who first investigated the pond in 1961 , Lt Don Roe and Lt John Hickey .
It is a small lake , only 100 m by 300 m , and on average 0.1 m deep , but it is so salty that even in the Antarctic , where the temperature at the pond regularly drops to as low as - 30 degrees Celsius , it never freezes .
It is 18 times saltier than sea water , compared to the Dead Sea which is only 8 times saltier than sea water .
2 Iceberg B - 15 Antarctica
Iceberg B - 15 was the largest ever recorded iceberg .
It had an area of 3,100 km² , making it larger than the island of Jamaica , and was created when part of the Ross Ice Shelf broke off in March 2000 .
In 2003 , it broke apart , and one of the larger pieces ( called B - 15a ) drifted north , eventually smashing into a glacier in 2005 , breaking off an 8 - km² section and forcing many antarctic maps to be rewritten .
It drifted along the coast and eventually ran aground , breaking up once again .
In 2006 , a storm in Alaska ( that ’s right , Alaska ) caused an ocean swell that travelled 13,500 km , over 6 days , to Antarctica and broke up the largest remaining part even more .
Almost a decade on , parts of the iceberg have still not melted , with the largest remaining part , still called B - 15a , having an area of 1,700 km² .
The picture above shows B - 15a ( top left ) in 2005 , after drifting west into the Drygalski Glacier ( bottom ) , breaking the end off into several pieces .
1 Guaíra Falls Brazil - Paraguay border
Located on the Parana river the Guaíra Falls were , in terms of total volume , the largest waterfall on earth .
1,750,000 cubic feet of water fell over this waterfall each second on average , compared to just 70,000 cubic feet per second for Niagra Falls .
However , the falls were flooded in 1982 when a dam was created to take advantage of this massive flow rate .
The Itaipu Dam is now the second most powerful hydroelectric dam in the world , after the Three Gorges Dam .
The Itaipu Dam supplies 90 % of the power consumed by Paraguay , and 19 % of the power consumed by Brazil , including Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo .
Cocaine Vaccine Nullifies the Effect , Helps Abusers Quit
Published by admin on October 7 , 2009
Researchers have shown for the first time today that a vaccine can help reduce drug abuse .
There ’s currently no FDA - approved treatment to get people off of cocaine ( or crack ) , so this could really help out the 2.5 million Americans dependent on cocaine .
Thirty - eight percent of drug abusers who were given the vaccine produced anti-cocaine antibodies .
Over the course of seven weeks , these subjects were 45 percent likely to have a cocaine - free pee test , as opposed to 35 percent for those who got placebo vaccine instead .
The vaccine works similar to vaccines for microorganisms , training your body to view cocaine as a bad invader .
The shots , which include a cocaine like substance ( succinylnor cocaine ) , encourage the body to pump out antibodies against cocaine .
The antibodies bind to the coke , which prevents it from getting into the brain , and theoretically prevents people from getting high .
Right now , only about 38 percent of the subjects who got the vaccine produced high levels of antibodies , so there ’s room for improvement .
Study leader Dr. Thomas Kosten , a psychiatrist at Baylor College of Medicine , told Popsci.com that they ’re planning to confirm the results in a larger study in six cities in January and that the vaccine could become widely available in two to three years .
The study was published in the October issue of the journal Archives of General Psychiatry .
( Source : opsci )
This is the second half of the 100 do ’s and don’ts from last week ’s post .
Again , this list is for one particular restaurant , mine , which is under construction in Bridgehampton , N.Y. , and will , with any luck , open this spring .
I realize that every deli needs a wisecracking waiter , most pizza joints can handle heavy metal , and burgers always taste better when delivered by a server with tattoos and tongue piercing (s ) .
Not even a hundred suggestions can cover all the bases , so one is grateful for the many comments following the 50 , including striking “ you guys ” from the restaurant lexicon and making sure the alcohol order is taken lickety - split .
Thanks for all of the help .
51 .
If there is a service charge , alert your guests when you present the bill .
It ’s not a secret or a trick .
52 . Know your menu inside and out .
If you serve Balsam Farm candy - striped beets , know something about Balsam Farm and candy - striped beets .
53 .
Do not let guests double - order unintentionally ; remind the guest who orders ratatouille that zucchini comes with the entree .
54 .
If there is a prix fixe , let guests know about it .
Do not force anyone to ask for the “ special ” menu .
55 .
Do not serve an amuse - bouche without detailing the ingredients .
Allergies are a serious matter ; peanut oil can kill .
( This would also be a good time to ask if anyone has any allergies . )
56 .
Do not ignore a table because it is not your table .
Stop , look , listen , lend a hand .
( Whether tips are pooled or not . )
57 .
Bring the pepper mill with the appetizer .
Do not make people wait or beg for a condiment .
58 .
Do not bring judgment with the ketchup .
Or mustard .
Or hot sauce .
Or whatever condiment is requested .
59 .
Do not leave place settings that are not being used .
60 .
Bring all the appetizers at the same time , or do not bring the appetizers .
Same with entrees and desserts .
61 . Do not stand behind someone who is ordering .
Make eye contact .
Thank him or her .
62 . Do not fill the water glass every two minutes , or after each sip .
You ’ll make people nervous .
62 (a ) .
Do not let a glass sit empty for too long .
63 .
Never blame the chef or the busboy or the hostess or the weather for anything that goes wrong .
Just make it right .
64 . Specials , spoken and printed , should always have prices .
65 .
Always remove used silverware and replace it with new .
66 .
Do not return to the guest anything that falls on the floor — be it napkin , spoon , menu or soy sauce .
67 . Never stack the plates on the table .
They make a racket .
Shhhhhh .
68 .
Do not reach across one guest to serve another .
69 .
If a guest is having trouble making a decision , help out .
If someone wants to know your life story , keep it short .
If someone wants to meet the chef , make an effort .
70 .
Never deliver a hot plate without warning the guest .
And never ask a guest to pass along that hot plate .
71 .
Do not race around the dining room as if there is a fire in the kitchen or a medical emergency .
( Unless there is a fire in the kitchen or a medical emergency . )
72 . Do not serve salad on a freezing cold plate ; it usually advertises the fact that it has not been freshly prepared .
73 .
Do not bring soup without a spoon .
Few things are more frustrating than a bowl of hot soup with no spoon .
74 .
Let the guests know the restaurant is out of something before the guests read the menu and order the missing dish .
75 .
Do not ask if someone is finished when others are still eating that course .
76 .
Do not ask if a guest is finished the very second the guest is finished .
Let guests digest , savor , reflect .
77 .
Do not disappear .
78 .
Do not ask , “ Are you still working on that ? ”
Dining is not work — until questions like this are asked .
79 .
When someone orders a drink “ straight up , ” determine if he wants it “ neat ” — right out of the bottle — or chilled .
Up is up , but “ straight up ” is debatable .
80 .
Never insist that a guest settle up at the bar before sitting down ; transfer the tab .
81 . Know what the bar has in stock before each meal .
82 . If you drip or spill something , clean it up , replace it , offer to pay for whatever damage you may have caused .
Refrain from touching the wet spots on the guest .
83 .
Ask if your guest wants his coffee with dessert or after .
Same with an after - dinner drink .
84 . Do not refill a coffee cup compulsively .
Ask if the guest desires a refill .
84 ( a ) .
Do not let an empty coffee cup sit too long before asking if a refill is desired .
85 . Never bring a check until someone asks for it .
Then give it to the person who asked for it .
86 .
If a few people signal for the check , find a neutral place on the table to leave it .
87 .
Do not stop your excellent service after the check is presented or paid .
88 . Do not ask if a guest needs change .
Just bring the change .
89 .
Never patronize a guest who has a complaint or suggestion ; listen , take it seriously , address it .
90 .
If someone is getting agitated or effusive on a cellphone , politely suggest he keep it down or move away from other guests .
91 .
If someone complains about the music , do something about it , without upsetting the ambiance .
( The music is not for the staff — it ’s for the customers . )
92 . Never play a radio station with commercials or news or talking of any kind .
93 .
Do not play brass — no brassy Broadway songs , brass bands , marching bands , or big bands that feature brass , except a muted flugelhorn .
94 .
Do not play an entire CD of any artist .
If someone does n’t like Frightened Rabbit or Michael Bublé , you have just ruined a meal .
95 .
Never hover long enough to make people feel they are being watched or hurried , especially when they are figuring out the tip or signing for the check .
96 .
Do not say anything after a tip — be it good , bad , indifferent — except , “ Thank you very much . ”
97 .
If a guest goes gaga over a particular dish , get the recipe for him or her .
98 .
Do not wear too much makeup or jewelry .
You know you have too much jewelry when it jingles and / or draws comments .
99 .
Do not show frustration .
Your only mission is to serve .
Be patient .
It is not easy .
100 .
Guests , like servers , come in all packages .
Show a “ good table ” your appreciation with a free glass of port , a plate of biscotti or something else management approves .
Bonus Track : As Bill Gates has said , “ Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning . ”
( Of course , Microsoft is one of the most litigious companies in history , so one can take Mr. Gates ’s counsel with a grain of salt .
Gray sea salt is a nice addition to any table . )
The Droid invasion landed on Friday and so far the iPhone comparisons have n't stopped .
Customers showed up for midnight launches to be first to get the new Android 2.0 device , and Verizon stores have n't had any issue burning through their inventory of the new phone .
There is at least one other iPhone comparison that bears noticing , though - - battery life .
If you actually put the many functions of the Droid to use , your battery mileage will vary .
The phone has to be powered up to be of any use beyond a glorified paper weight , so poor battery life could be an Achilles heel for the Droid invasion like the bacteria that took down the alien invasion force in War of the Worlds .
Mobile phone manufacturers like to talk about battery life in terms of talk time vs. standby time -- essentially how long will the battery last if you are talking constantly , and how long will the battery last if the phone is just sitting there doing nothing .
Fair enough for traditional old - school mobile phones , but smartphones are doing stuff even while they 're just sitting there .
Clearly we need a new way of considering battery life .
PC World senior editor Robert Strohmeyer rushed out and braved the crowd at the Verizon store to get his Droid on Friday .
He took it home , charged it up until the Droid displayed a full charge , then set off for a busy day of work -- new Droid in hand .
He was surprised , and perhaps a little disappointed , when the Droid battery ran out of juice before he got home .
Strohmeyer says , " I can tell you that , so far , this thing consistently dies by 7:00 P.M. if I take it off the charger at 8:00 A.M.
It definitely uses some serious battery .
It 's just a power - hungry phone . "
If you 're used to having a mobile phone instead of a mobile computing platform like the Droid , it may seem alarming that the device can't survive the day without a charge .
The Droid battery life is not unusual , though , for smartphones and is really just indicative of the need to change charging habits to keep up with the needs of the device .
One site did a review specifically on the battery life of the Droid .
For the study , the Droid screen brightness was maxed out , the screen was set to ' Never Sleep ' , MP3's were loaded and the media player was turned on to ' Repeat All Songs ' .
They even threw in an hour of Google Navigation usage while all of that was going on and still managed over 7 hours of battery life .
Let 's see your old flip - phone do that .
Clearly battery life is an issue .
But , its an issue in the ' this device requires a shift in thinking about when and how to charge ' way , and not in the ' what were they thinking when they designed this device with such short battery life ' way .
The iPhone has had its share of battery life complaints as well .
PC World ran a test of battery life comparing the iPhone to other smartphone devices .
The test was well before the Droid came on the scene .
The iPhone fared well , but fell just short of a couple BlackBerry devices .
It would be interesting to conduct a new battery life comparison including the Droid and other smartphone devices .
In fact , battery life tests like this should be done on a regular basis and real - world usage of the device should be considered rather than ' standby time ' .
The Droid , and other smartphones , do a lot .
Many of the functions like downloading email , updating social networking feeds , or staying connected with instant messaging , require constant live connections to the Internet .
Even when the device appears to be ' standing by ' it is really doing a number of things behind the scenes .
Until battery technology changes to double or triple capacity , you will have to change your charging habits to fit the needs of the smartphone .
Instead of charging it every few days , or only charging it overnight , you need to charge the phone basically whenever it is n't being used .
Driving in your car -- charge the phone .
Sitting at your desk -- charge the phone .
Sleeping at night -- charge the phone .
Tony Bradley is an information security and unified communications expert with more than a decade of enterprise IT experience .
He tweets as @PCSecurityNews and provides tips , advice and reviews on information security and unified communications technologies on his site at tonybradley.com .
I do n’t create many lisp macros but it is still a huge advantage having them .
I ’m a big user of macros that other people have created .
For example , by default emacs lisp does not support keyword parameters .
Thanks to the magic of macros they have been added in the cl.el common lisp package .
( require ' cl ) ( defun * example ( &rest args &key ( a 1 ) ( b 2 ) ) ( format " %s %s %s " args a b ) )
( example ) works as expected and returns " nil 1 2 "
( example :a 10 ) is pretty good too although you may be surprised that keywords are not removed from the &rest args " ( :a 10 ) 10 2 "
However , ( example 1 ) returns the following surprise ( error " Keyword argument 1 not one of ( : a : b ) " ) .
If you are using &rest and &key together , you can fix this with &allow - other - keys .
( defun* example ( &rest args &key ( a 1 ) ( b 2 ) &allow - other - keys ) ( format " %s %s %s " args a b ) )
Okay , so much for pithy examples .
How about something practical ?
( defun* remote - path ( &rest path &key ( user " jared " ) ( server " someserver " ) &allow - other - keys ) ( concat " ftp : " user " @ " server " : " ( mapconcat #'identity path " / " ) ) )
( remote - path :user " uat-user " " / tmp " " test - dir " ) throws this error ( wrong - type- argument sequencep :user ) .
This is because if you use &rest arguments and &key arguments together , the keyword arguments are also passed through into &rest .
I could n’t find an obvious function to remove keyword parameters so I ’ve written my own remove - keyword - params .
( defun remove - keyword - params ( seq ) ( if ( null seq ) nil ( let ( ( head ( car seq ) ) ( tail ( cdr seq ) ) ) ( if ( keywordp head ) ( remove - keyword - params ( cdr tail ) ) ( cons head ( remove - keyword - params tail ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun* remote - path ( &rest path &key ( user " jared " ) ( server " someserver " ) &allow - other - keys ) ( concat " ftp : " user " @ " server " : " ( mapconcat #'identity ( remove - keyword - params path ) " / " ) ) )
Now it works correctly .
( remote - path :user " uat-user " " / tmp " " test- dir " ) ;; " ftp:uat-user@someserver:/tmp/test-dir "
So what do I want this for ?
For my directory aliases of course .
( defconst * dired - dirs * ( list ( cons " dev " ( remote - path " ~/dev " ) ) ( cons " dev:system " ( remote - path :user " dev-user " " ~/system " ) ) ( cons " uat:system " ( remote - path :user " dev-user " " ~/system " ) ) ) )
And surprise surprise , because emacs is architected so well , it all works remotely through tramp completely transparently .
In idyllic Mid-Coast Maine , the Fowler family 's only son Frank comes home from his freshman year at college for summer vacation .
His mother Ruth , the school choir director , is unhappy with Frank dating soon - to - be divorced mother Natalie who is several years his senior , but Frank 's father Matt , the town doctor , does n't see a problem .
While Frank considers holding off his future for Natalie , her jilted husband causes them all problems until an unthinkable tragedy shakes the community to its very core .
Written by Bryan Way
Photo by Anna Waigand
I was worried for a couple moments .
After firing up the burner , the four test strips of cured pork quickly sizzled to life , but I was worried they would come out like pork that had sat in my fridge for a week and not actually bacon .
They looked grey and extra fatty like the pork belly at the cheap restaurant across the street from our apartment .
They browned up quickly with black bits on the edges , but did n’t release much grease or liquid .
I ’d read that store bought bacon releases so much liquid because it ’s wet cured , but I was surprised at how little fat came out of my bacon .
Our one good knife combined with my average carving skills produced pretty thick and uneven strips , so we did n’t get that wonderful curling and wavy shape of store - bought bacon .
Photo by Anna Waigand
After a couple of minutes in the pan we went for the all important taste test .
I ’d cooked up an inside strip of traditional bacon , a nugget of traditional bacon I could n’t cut into a strip , an outside strip of Korean bacon and an inside strip of Korean bacon .
I was worried the Korean flavoring would n’t come through strong enough on the inside of the pork slabs , but I hoped it would have given the outside pieces a nice kick .
I bit in and was delighted – it was actually bacon !
It had that wonderfully sweet , salty goodness and a great red color with browned edges .
Photo by Anna Waigand
The Taste Test
Traditional Bacon –
All I thought at first was that I ’d actually succeeded in making bacon – a great feeling on its own .
Then I started to pay attention to the taste .
The strip was thick without too much fat and was one of the better cut ones – long , even and not falling apart .
The taste was nicely salty though I could n’t taste much of the pepper that I put on during the curing .
Also it could have been sweeter .
Korean Bacon –
The outside strip , which had a much darker brown color from the curing , was way too salty .
The salt was overpowering and made me get up for a glass of water .
The inner piece was much better .
It still had a good salty flavor but there was also a hint of spice and some depth to the flavor at the end of each bite .
I could tell that some of the spices had sunk it , but I would n’t quite call it Korean flavored yet .
Photo by Anna Waigand
Lessons
1 . When trimming the skin off , take some of the fat with it .
Do n’t worry , there will be plenty .
2 . When slicing , beware of small bits of cartilage and bone .
Do n’t want them to ruin a delicious bite .
3 . The slices on the outside of the slab will be seriously salty .
Try to use them in a recipe instead of eating straight .
4 . The traditional bacon was good , but I think I ’d add either a bunch more brown sugar to give it a deep sweet flavor that you would n’t get in most bacon or a blend of savory spices for a more complicated bacon .
Since I just got a care package from home with bay leaves , thyme , rosemary and sage I might have to try that .
5 . The Korean spices made it into the pork , but only gave a hint of flavor .
It was an interesting flavor , but I think to make it really stand out I need even more spices .
Maybe more ginger , some diced chili peppers and more chili powder .
I might also try to use chili paste or soy bean paste .
For a bunch more bacon slicing and sizzling photos go over to our Makin’ Bacon Flickr set .
Check out our first bacon curing post for the recipe for both flavors .
Received via Email , linking to Infowars.com
To President Obama and all 535 voting members of the Legislature , It is now official you are ALL CORRUPT MORONS : The U.S. Post Service was established in 1775
You have had 234 years to get it right and it is broke .
Social Security was established in 1935 .
You have had 74 years to get it right and it is broke .
Fannie Mae was established in 1938 .
You have had 71 years to get it right and it is broke .
War on Poverty started in 1964 .
You have had 45 years to get it right ; $ 1 trillion of our money is confiscated each year and transferred to “ the poor ” and they only want more .
Medicare and Medicaid were established in 1965 .
You have had 44 years to get it right and they are broke .
Freddie Mac was established in 1970 .
You have had 39 years to get it right and it is broke .
The Department of Energy was created in 1977 to lessen our dependence on foreign oil .
It has ballooned to 16,000 employees with a budget of $ 24 billion a year and we import more oil than ever before .
You had 32 years to get it right and it is an abysmal failure .
You have FAILED in every “ government service ” you have shoved down our throats while overspending our tax dollars AND YOU WANT AMERICANS TO BELIEVE YOU CAN BE TRUSTED WITH A GOVERNMENT - RUN HEALTH CARE SYSTEM ??
Folks , keep this circulating .
It is very well stated .
Maybe it will end up in the e-mails of some of our “ duly elected officials ” in Washington !!
IN GOD WE TRUST ----- Got comments ?
Email me , dammit !
Permanent link for this article which can be used on any website :
In January 2008 I wrote a post calling for the repeal of the National Organ Transplant Act of 1984 .
As I mentioned in the post , many thousands of lives are being sacrificed because of the moral hang - ups of certain individuals who think its icky to sell organs to people who need them .
How dare they .
As if this was n’t bad enough , bone marrow is included as part of the ban .
The act of paying an individual for his or her bone marrow is a felony which is punishable for up to five years in prison for everyone involved in the illegal transaction .
The Institute for Justice has decided to challenge this most absurd provision of this absurd bill .
Below is a video from the organization explaining their lawsuit against U.S. Attorney General ’s Office :
For the sake of the Flynn family , here ’s hoping that the Institute for Justice wins the day .
Hat Tip : The Agitator
Talks to be held over ' cruel ' Zulu bull - killing ritual
South African animal rights activists have agreed to meet Zulu groups in a bid to stop a bull - killing ritual , a senior official says .
Cultural commissioner Pat Mkhize announced the meeting after a court case brought by Animal Rights Africa was postponed .
They are suing Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini , arguing that the ceremony , known as Ukweshwama , is cruel .
A royal spokesman said the killing was a highly symbolic way of thanking God.
AFRICA HAVE YOUR SAY
How can one fight for the right of an animal when one does n't even have right to the basic things of life ?
Benjamin Bidi , Nigeria Mr Mkhize said all parties had agreed to take part in talks in Durban on Tuesday .
" We have called a meeting of all parties because we believe that this matter can still be resolved out of court , " South African news agency Sapa quoted him as saying .
Animal campaigners say the Ukweshwama ritual does nothing to strengthen nation - building , social cohesion or peace .
' Unfathomable ' cruelty
In a statement , Animal Rights Africa quoted an eyewitness as saying the bull was tortured for 40 minutes during a previous ceremony .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service " Dozens [ of people ] trampled the bellowing , groaning bull , wrenched its head around by the horns to try to break its neck , pulled its tongue out , stuffed sand in its mouth and even tried to tie its penis in a knot .
" Gleaming with sweat , they raised their arms in triumph and sang when the bull finally succumbed . "
The group 's spokesperson , Michele Pickover , said the treatment of the bull was " unfathomable " .
" It physically pains us and is an affront to our dignity that an animal is made to suffer in such an overtly cruel and protracted way , " she said .
Royal spokesman Nhlanhla Mtaka told the BBC's World Today programme the activists had misrepresented the ceremony .
" I have been attending this ceremony for 20 years and it does not happen the way they say it is , " he said .
" You will hear young men and old people singing Zulu hymns and people sitting down and teaching each other about the value and history of the Zulus . "
Zulu groups are adamant that the ceremony will go ahead on 5 December , saying their rights are protected by the constitution .
The Pietermaritzburg High Court scheduled the next hearing of the activists ' case for 1 December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is n’t it time we all get really serious about convincing MSNBC that Pat Buchanan is unacceptably racist ?
0 0 vote Article Rating
We know what you ’re thinking , “ This better be pretty good bread considering I do n’t even spend that kind of dough on a pair of shoes ! ”
These fashionable baked goods are deliciously stylish if not tasty .
Each pair is unique and comes with its own shoebox … or would that be breadbox ?
How Could People Watch Alleged Gang Rape ' Like An Exhibit ' ?
Experts explain inaction by bystanders in a California rape case .
Oct. 30 , 2009  -- Members of the Richmond , Calif. , community were stunned by the alleged rape and assault of a high school student after a school dance last Saturday .
But a nationwide news audience was even more astonished by allegations that about 20 people in the immediate area observed about 10 men and boys gang rape and beat the 15 - year - old girl for two - and - a - half hours on the Richmond High School campus and did not contact authorities .
Psychology experts say the incident , if it occurred as described , may have been the result of escalating wildness facilitated by an isolated , heavily male environment .
" If one of the boys or men grabbed her and pulled her toward him ... and somebody else did something else so it became more and more sexual in nature ... we now have a [ group of boys ] who are pretty wild , " said John Darley , a professor of psychology and public affairs at Princeton University .
" Each act licensed what had gone before , and it also made more likely what came next . "
Anyone who had reservations about the unfolding events " was surrounded by people who were apparently tolerating what was going on and maybe even encouraging it , " Darley said .
Silence Can Be Interpreted as Acceptance
In fact , several of the onlookers cheered and made comments as the student was assaulted .
" There was a group that was OK with it and observing , and then people that were sending messages and talking about it and treating it as if it were something to be viewed , like an exhibit , " Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan told ABC News .
" I really wish there was a way we could hold people accountable for what I think is an atrocious behavior . "
Five people , ranging in age from 15 to 19 , have been arrested in connection with the attack and appeared in court Thursday .
Only the youngest , also a student at the school , entered a plea : not guilty .
Though refraining from participating in such an incident could indicate ambivalence , Darley said that , remaining present could be interpreted as implicit acceptance .
In such company , those who are uncomfortable may feel they risk ridicule and even personal injury by speaking out or leaving or calling the police .
Alleged Attack Hints at Bystander Effect
Meg Bossong , coordinator of Community Education and Outreach at the Boston Area Rape Crisis Center , said the case suggested elements of the bystander effect , in which people are less likely to respond to an emergency when there are others around .
" That idea [ is ] that the more people there are around , the fewer people will get involved because there 's a diffusion of responsibility , " she said .
" Not stepping in sends the message that it 's not such a big deal .
...
This is something that we hear a lot about around crime and also around sexual assault . "
The element of sexual violence in the alleged attack at Richmond High School may have contributed to observers ' apparent inaction .
" Because the weapon in sexual assault is a sex act , people see that as private , " Bassong said , even though such violence is a community issue .
" There 's a complexity to it that may not exist if the weapon was not sexual . "
The problem can be exacerbated , she added , by confusing messages from movies , television and pornography , which can portray relationships involving power and dominance as acceptable , healthy sexual behavior .
Isolated Area Could Have Contributed to Alleged Incident
But Darley said the apparent escalating brutality of the alleged attack may have had less to do with its sexual nature and more to do with the isolated location .
Marin Trujillo , a spokesperson for West Contra Costra Unified School District , said the attack occurred in a locked area not easily accessible from the enclosed gym where the homecoming dance was held and where security , which consisted of four police officers and numerous staff chaperones , were concentrated .
In fact , Darley said the seeds of behavior that could become unacceptable are evident when , for example , men catcall or whistle at people on the street , where social barriers prevent escalation .
Military attacks on villages are another example where events can escalate beyond what is expected .
Other elements that may prevent bystanders from taking action could include fear of disciplinary action , particularly when alcohol is involved , as well as fear of seeming less masculine , Bossong said .
Plans for Student Support Include More Sexual Violence Education
Richmond High School still is struggling to make sense of an event officials say has never happened previously and that they were unprepared for .
" This was a horrible , heinous crime that happened to one of our students , " said Trujillo .
" We see it not as a Richmond High School incident but as a national incident . "
According to data from the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape , one in four girls and one in six boys will be sexually assaulted by age 18 and 23 percent of sexual offenders are under age 18 .
Beginning with Richmond High School , Trujillo said the entire school district plans to improve programs on safe teen dating and training around sexual assault to create a " joint plan of action and a joint sense of understanding . "
Eerily Relevant Today
These cartoons say a lot about the era , and the debates which continue today over how government should respond to crises .
Also see part 1 , Cartoons from the Depression .
#1) Like today , confidence was the real issue then too ( the fundamentals are fine , just do n’t dig too deep ) .
August 1931 , by C. W. Anderson
# 2) Jobless Recovery circa 1931 .
Caption is kind of fuzzy .
It says , “ I see by the papers everything is all right ” .
January 1930 , by Robert Brown
#3) False “ green shoots ” in Fall of ’ 31
November 1931 , by Robert Brown
# 4 ) 1933 –
In a fit of insanity which lasted throughout much of the depression , the American government enacted the Agricultural Adjustment Act , which paid farmers to destroy food and plant less crops .
June 1935 , George Shellhase
#5) Another critique of the AAA , this one from a leading black newspaper .
Many black farmers were forced off their land by the Agricultural Adjustment Administration .
The act was declared unconstitutional in 1936 .
May 1934 , L. Rogers
# 6) Broke but hoping .
January 1931 , by Ed Graham
# 7 ) Mixed signals .
October 1931 , John Cassel
#8) Santa gets jacked .
December 1931 , Ralph Fuller
# 9 ) Depression - era critique of Keynesian economics .
February 1936 , Robert Day
# 10 ) A comment on the government ’s trials with New Deal constitutionality .
July 1936 , Gregor Duncan
# 11 ) Plan of action for the U.S. : “ Spend , Spend , Spend ” .
Lots of little details in this one , and plenty of red- bashing .
1934 , by Cary Orr in the Chicago Tribune
# 12 ) Bread line , or bank - run ?
January 1931 , Chester Garde
# 13 ) Feed the rich .
1929 , unsigned
# 14 ) Agency Alphabet - Soup ( if they only knew … )
1934 , Author unknown
Bernanke likes to highlight how different America ’s response is when compared to post -1929 .
But no matter how you slice it , we ’re essentially doing the same thing – just on a much larger scale .
They shoveled plenty of money around back then , and there is no true consensus on whether those programs succeeded .
The depression went on for a long , long time .
We only really came out of it thanks to our elevated position after WWII , as America was least - devastated by war and in a position to capitalize on that fact .
Sources and more cartoons :
2009 is nearly upon us , and so we look back at 50 rebrands from the last year .
Some for the better , some for the worse , starting with AB InBev .
A&E .
Atlanta Bread .
Barclay Card .
Bell .
Best Buy .
Bank of New Zealand .
Cafepress .
cnet .
Correos De Mexico .
DirectTV .
Dolby .
Ducati .
Econolodge .
Emerge .
Essar .
Euronews .
Fido .
First Data .
Good Housekeeping .
Hewlett Packard .
Hunter .
myLifetime .
Mapquest .
Memorex .
Metallica .
Mexicana .
Michaels .
Mindshare .
The Museum of London .
Fords Mustang .
Philips , it ’s changed honestly , you just need to look real close .
The Philadelphia Orchestra .
Popeyes .
Norway Post .
More on this logo design here .
Quickchek .
Rede Globo .
rtve .
The Seattle children ’s hospital .
Stop & Shop .
Sunkist .
Super 8 Motels .
Sysco .
The Athletes Foot .
Tasti D Lite .
The United Football League .
Walmart .
WGN America .
Woolworths / Safeway .
Yellowbook .
What do you think ?
I do n’t know about you , but I ’m still reeling at the WGN America “ logo ” .
Who started all this Crossposting ?
I 'm not sure about this but I think it was the Romans .
101 Ways to be Obnoxious on Usenet 1 .
Post a message asking how to post messages .
2 . Lead a tireless crusade for the creation of newsgroups with silly names like alt.my.butt.is.hairy .
3 . Put 4 addresses , 5 lines of " Geek Code " , 6 ASCII - art bicycles , a PGP key , and your home phone in your signature .
4 . Reinvigorate a discussion by switching attributions in followups .
5 . Post recipes on rec.pets.cats .
6 . Post a compendium of old articles from a thread that died months ago with a title such as " *** HAS JOE SMITH FORGOTTEN HIS LIES ? ***"
7 . Post a 56 - part binary MPG file of your dog throwing up to news .
answers .
Announce that you screwed it up and repeat .
8 . On the MST3K groups , ask what happened to Joel .
9 . Ask readers of rec.music.misc to post their favorite Zeppelin tune " for a poll " .
10 .
Reacquaint the readers of rec.humor with the " two - strings - go - in - a - bar " joke .
11 . Determine a perversion so bizarre or obscure that it does n't yet have its own sex group .
12 . Post your new " War Heroes of India " FAQ to soc.culture.pakistan.
13 . Start this week 's new AOL virus rumor .
14 . Format your posts for 90 columns ( or 20 ) .
15 .
Provide a valuable public service by notifying the eager readers of roughly 1,200 newsgroups of your new " HOOTERAMA " phone sex service or " PorqWhiffe " pheramone cologne .
16 .
Post elaborate conspiracy theories to talk .
politics.misc detailing how ATF agents under the control of Chelsea Clinton and Socks has implanted invisible microchips in your genitals .
17 . Fill that empty mailbox , make new friends , delight your postmaster , and selflessly lead others to riches with a few " MAKE MONEY FAST " posts .
18 . Attempt to sell your sweaty underwear in alt.clothing.lingerie. 19 .
Follow up a 200 - line post to add only your signature .
20 . Crosspost Amiga articles to the Mac and PC newsgroups for a valuable interchange of provocative ideas .
21 . Announce a mailing list for Bill Gates ' VISA card number .
22 .
Inform the readers of alt.sex that your friend at a particular address is taking a penis length survey , and the first 1000 people to send him their measurements will receive free naked pictures of Cindy Crawford .
23 .
Correct every spelling mistake you encounter , but misspell the word " imbecile " in your followup flames .
24 .
Flame yourself , and complain to your own postmaster .
25 .
Ask readers of the Star Trek groups when they last had dates .
26 .
Post personal ads on groups such as alt .sex.diapers listing your work phone number .
27 .
Post under the name Dave Rhodes .
28 .
Followup every post in a newsgroup by ranking them on a scale from 1 to 10 .
29 .
Establish your own little Usenet niche by writing a Wink Martindale FAQ .
30 .
Advise other readers to ftp to 127.0.0.1 for " really cool nudie pics " .
31 . Post daily word searches to rec.puzzles .
32 .
Post your trig homework to sci.math and ask the readers to e-mail you the answers , since you " do n't read the group " .
33 .
Provoke insightful and productive debates on fresh new topics such as abortion , gun control , the existence of God , penile circumcision , and the relative superiority of Mac or PC operating systems .
34 . Pick a cutesy handle that inspires vicarious embarrassment in other readers , such as " SoHot4U " , " SokSnifer " , or " WetNWild " .
35 .
Maintain a high - level of constructive decorum by addressing someone with whom you disagree as " monkey boy " .
36 .
Inform the readers of the sex groups that they 're " going straight to hell " , and then proceed to followup a variety of titillating posts .
37 . Post to alt.folklore.urban that this guy that a friend of your uncle 's ex-girlfriend 's boss knew received the donated heart of River Phoenix .
38 .
Relentlessly inform the readers of groups such as rec.pets.iguanas or sci.agriculture of your UFO , JFK , OJ , NRA , NSA , Nutrasweet , and Azeri genocide theories .
Relate them all to sunspot activity and ancient astronauts .
39 .
Post instructions telling other readers how to put you in their killfile .
40 .
Post whining , misspelled , and vaguely creepy personal ads in wildly inappropriate newsgroups , and followup to berate the readers for not responding .
41 . Announce that a particular site has opened up a new combination OJ Jury Info / Homemade Bombs / Kiddie Porn / Scientology Documents / Computer Subliminal Hypnosis ftp archive .
42 . Construct a device that lets your pets post to Usenet by pawing or pecking a feeder bar .
43 . Post the Niemann Marcus cookie recipe to rec.food .
recipes .
44 . Eliminate nearly all meaningful traffic on a newsgroup for weeks by challenging its readership to come up with as many synonyms as possible for the word vomit .
45 .
Accuse other posters of being AI experiments , Perl scripts , or Emacs macros .
46 .
Claim that you can see " hidden images " in another person 's posting when you cross your eyes .
47 . Ask Austrian readers about kangaroos .
48 . Ask Australian readers about alpine skiing .
49 . Include Rush lyrics or Rush quotes in all your posts .
50 . Accuse female posters of being male .
51 . Make an anonymous posting accusing others of cowardice .
52 . Accuse a fellow AOL or Prodigy subscriber of being a " newbie " because their 3 months on the net are dwarfed by your own span of 4 .
53 .
Insist that anyone objecting to your compulsive fascination with consuming the flesh of strangled disabled minors is " judgemental " .
54 .
If you 've grown tired of typing , effectively end a thread by accusing others of being Nazis .
55 .
Ask readers of soc.culture.nordic whether the Swedish Chef has a Sampo .
56 .
Write and regularly post a FAQ about yourself .
57 .
Post graphic descriptions of your bowel movements , genital sores , and various suppurating wounds to alt .
tasteless .
58 .
Ask readers of sci.med for urgent , step - by - step instructions on removing arrows , or inquire why all your extremities have turned dark purple .
59 .
Insist that there 's no such state in the U.S. as " New Mexico " .
60 .
Post only in Esperanto .
61 . Claim a copyright on the word " Usenet " , and followup with a bill all posts you encounter that contain it .
62 . Sell " posting permits " in news.announce.newusers .
63 .
Post single - part text messages in MIME format .
64 .
Ask the readers of rec.sewing whether any of them want to be the drummer for your new band , " Death Monkeys " .
65 . Claim to be an amorous highschool cheerleader while posting under a name such as " Robert Bradley Smith , Jr. " 66 .
In the spirit of purest optimism , ask other readers to followup with their account passwords and credit card numbers .
67 .
Why use a single question mark or exclamation point when you can use at least thirty ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
68 . List a cute organization name in your header , such as " Canadians for Global Warming " .
69 .
Insult a poster from another nation based on his country 's performance in World War II .
70 .
Post vitriolic , frothing , hair - trigger flames in polite newsgroups , as if you were a testosterone - crazed adolescent debating which shotgun is superior in alt.games.doom .
71 . Followup spam posts in the belief that the originator , who probably follows the group closely and is desperately curious about receiving feedback , will see your impassioned plea and be so moved by your lengthy , point - by - point indictment of their conduct that they pledge to desist from such activity for all time .
72 . Regardless of its accuracy , followup another post with the line " BZZZT !
Wrong answer ! " or " Hello ! McFly ! " 73 .
Use a 120 - line ASCII graphic of Spock as your signature .
74 .
Post to soc.culture .
women asking " what 's your favorite brand of oven mitt , little ladies ? "
75 .
Post to news .
annnounce.newusers asking if there are any nurses in Portland willing to spank you .
Followup with an apology .
Followup again with the original article .
76 .
Post with a newsreader that replaces punctuation marks with strange , non-ASCII characters .
77 .
Steer all debates to your own pet subjects of expertise , regardless of their relevance .
78 .
Make it clear from your postings that you 've a profound inability to distinguish " The X Files " as fiction .
79 .
Insist that another poster is really Serdar Argic or Kibo. 80 .
Post 20 - part encoded image files from NASA ftp archives that you claim show clear evidence of alien settlements .
81 . Insinuate vague conspiracies in all your posts .
82 . Spam post alarming ten - year - old files about Congressional bills to tax modem usage " in the name of freedom " .
83 . Claim that unidentified government agencies are censoring your posts .
84 .
Ask readers to collect aluminum pop-tops on behalf of Craig Shergold .
85 .
Ask readers of comp.sci.algorithms how to get Super Mario to the castle .
86 . POST IN ALL CAPS 87 . omit all punctuation 88 . omitallspaces 89 . DOALLTHREEOFTHEABOVE
90 .
Ask the readers of alt.current - events.net - abuse where to purchase Cantor and Siegel 's book .
91 .
Post the phone number of the Michigan Militia to alt.conspiracy as the " Classified ATF Secret Hotline " .
92 . Compose an exhaustively researched 15 - part FAQ detailing the favorite movie musicals of relatives of the Deep Space Nine cast .
Post it weekly in its entirety .
93 .
Strive to ensure that no two consecutive words in your posts are correctly spelled .
94 . Enrich the lives of thousands with a thoughtful and impassioned debate on the topic " AOL users suck " .
95 . Dispense essential and priceless financial advice , such as the assertion that no one is legally required to pay taxes .
96 .
Demand that others cease using the letter e , as you find it " dply offnsiv " .
97 .
Post to rec.music.misc insisting that " Curt Kobain should leave Pearl Jam since they 'll never tour again . "
98 .
Assume that the entire Usenet hierarchy shares your interest in helping lonely Ukrainian lasses find love .
99 .
Followup another person 's posts every twelve minutes to accuse them of " obsessing " .
100 . Followup two dozen of another person 's posts to accuse them of harassing you .
Send copious e-mail if you 're ignored .
101 . Start pointless debates over topics such as whether Whoopi Goldberg has eyebrows , what happens when you cross the International Dateline , and whether the bad guy in Popeye cartoons was named " Bluto " or " Brutus " .
Here is a list to help anyone heading off on a vacation .
Instead of seeing the usual tourist attractions , why not check out some of this more offbeat ones ?
There is something for everyone and you may even end up making new friends with equally strange taste .
10 Noodle Bath Japan
The Japanese do everything that other people do , but sometimes in very different ways .
One day because somebody thought it was mundane to have a bath with water and soap , he decided to have bath in Noodles and soon enough other people wanted to do the same .
Apparently , pepper collagen , the ingredient used in pork broth improves metabolism and clears your skin .
Acne is also said to vanish after one session .
This same bath previously filled their spas with beaujolais wine and chocolate .
9 Vale de la prehistoria Cuba
It is not certain whether Fidel roped in Michael Crichton to oversee the construction of this experiment in anachronism , but even Jurassic Park ’s creator would feel a little bizarre in the milieu of life - size prehistoric creatures completed by inmates from a nearby prison .
Spread over an area of 11 hectares , the 200 life - sized prehistoric creatures in the Santiago de Cuba province range from the brontosaurus to cave men , creating a kind of Communist theme park with shades of the Flintstones thrown in .
8 Karni Mata Temple India
Rajasthan , India .
The land of Maharajas , palaces , deserts , camels and - the Karni Mata temple which not only serves as a refuge for rodents but a place where they are worshipped as well .
Built in the early twentieth century by Maharaja Ganga Singh of Bikaner in reverence to Karni Mata , a female Hindu sage , the temples ostentation serves as no indication to the experience one is going to get .
So high is the status of rats in this citadel of devotion that an accidental death of one of the inhabitants will require a replacement with a replica in solid gold .
7 International Friendship Exhibition Hall North Korea
In the city of Pyongyang , which one journalist described as being a ‘ Stalinist theme park ’ , lies the International Friendship Exhibition Hall .
In this structure are housed 90 , 000 or more gifts accumulated over the years by the great leader Kim Il Sung .
The list of admirers include former Soviet prime ministers Gregory Malenkov and Nikolai Bulganin , Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , Cuba ’s Fidel Castro and Zimbabwe ’s Robert Mugabe .
But the gifts themselves are most interesting - silver chopsticks from Mongolia , a gold cigarette case presented by Marshall Tito of Yugoslavia , chess boards from Colonel Qaddafi and a grinning alligator offering drinks from a wooden tray sent all the way from Nicaragua .
Surely , friendship has its rewards .
6 Isla de las Munecas Mexico
Julián Santana Barrera collected dolls which were discarded .
Legend had it that he did it to appease the spirit of a girl who drowned in the river .
The bizarre collection stares when you navigate through the canals of Xochimico and to make the story more interesting , Barrera succumbed to the same fate as that little girl for whom he labored so hard .
5 Cockroaches Hall of Fame United States
Ross Peroach , David Letteroach and Marlin Monroach are some of the characters you will acquaint yourself with when you visit Michael Bohdan ’s Cockroaches Hall of Fame in Plano , Texas .
A pioneering pest control specialist , he took it upon himself to impersonate famous characters in the most bizarre way possible : through the medium of deceased cockroaches .
However , if you are not into dead ones , he has Madagascar hissing roaches as well … and they are alive and kicking .
4 Bang Kwang Prison Thailand
Most travelers are not bored in Bangkok but if malaise sets in there is always the Bangkok prison to go to .
Why ?
Because for a price you can interact with the inmates , some of them western travelers whose holiday went horribly wrong .
Brought into the spotlight by the 1999 movie Brokedown Palace , this highly fortified bastion derives its allure from the possibility of actually showcasing 7000 specimens imprisoned for crimes ranging from drug smuggling to murder .
Moreover , you quickly learn not to commit such crimes when you are in Thailand .
3 Neutrality Arch Turkmenistan
If you ever hazard to travel the silk route like the pioneering traders centuries ago , the city of Ashgabat in the former Soviet republic of Turkmenistan will introduce you to one of its own great denizens : Saparmurat Niyazov .
Niyazov ( Turkmenistan ’s leader after independence ) etched his name onto everything in the country , but most famously he built for himself the Neutrality Arch .
To secure his place in history as a megalomaniac , he ordered his statue to be placed at the top , revolving continuously such that he always faces the sun .
And to top it all he called the structure ‘ Neutrality Arch ’ , a word which you can hardly use for a man who ruled with an iron fist .
2 Sekigahara War World Japan
In Gifu prefecture lies an oddball theme park which recreates the great battle of Sekigahara .
As if a solemn monument was not enough , an enterprising businessman recreated this epic battle replete with life size concrete structures of beheading , ritual suicides and hand to hand combat .
If you are not satisfied with the gore , the song titled ‘ Ah , the decisive battle of Sekigahara ’ on an endless loop will soothe your ears .
1 Karner Bone House Austria
Perhaps the unlikeliest of places to host an ossuary , the Karner Bone House in the bucolic Austrian town of Hallstrat would far more easily be associated with the ‘ Sound of music ’ .
However , it is more noted now for being host to painted skulls in decorations such as flowers , leaves and serpents .
Why ?
Because of the acute lack of space and the urgent need to recycle graves .
Very surprising when you consider only 2,100 skulls of the 30,000 known deaths and burials were documented .
[ Image Source ]
LOS ANGELES PERSONAL INJURY LAWYERS
Former Insurance Attorneys on Your Side Now
The Los Angeles personal injury lawyers and founders of Lederer & Nojima are former corporate insurance lawyers .
Rather than siding with the insurance companies , now they are on your side .
How will an insurance company deny your claim ?
How will insurance adjusters question the facts of your case ?
How will an insurance lawyer try to discredit or doubt you ?
For our Los Angeles personal injury lawyers , the answers are obvious .
As former insurance attorneys , Lederer & Nojima now use their skill and experience to the advantage of people just like you .
Lederer & Nojima know insurance company tactics and know how to get you results .
Our former insurance attorneys are now Los Angeles personal injury lawyers who are on your side .
Personal injury victims in Los Angeles have many choices for personal injury lawyers , but few lawyers have the experience of Lederer & Nojima .
Call our Los Angeles personal injury law office at 310 - 312-1860 ‎ for a free consultation .
If we take your case , you can feel assured in our confidence .
We get paid nothing unless we win .
Through settlement or judgment , our Los Angeles personal injury attorneys believe we can help you achieve your goals .
Our Los Angeles personal injury lawyers are more than prepared to fight for the justice , the compensation , and the peace of mind you deserve .
We have the resources and experience to represent you in any personal injury case including the following :
Car accidents
Dog bite incidents
Mass transit and city bus accidents
Motorcycle accidents
School injuries
The above represent only a small sample of our practice areas .
Furthermore , we have represented clients with the most serious injuries and we have obtained justice for them : brain injuries , burns , and spinal cord damage .
No matter your struggles or how complex your case , we have the resources and the experience to help .
Experienced lawyers , a dedicated staff , access to expert witnesses and independent investigators : we have the resources to win .
If you or a family member has been seriously injured or killed in Los Angeles as the result of someone else 's negligence or reckless behavior , skilled top Los Angeles personal injury lawyers can help you obtain the fair compensation you need and deserve .
If we do not , we get paid nothing .
By offering you a candid analysis of your case , we are serving your best interests and our's .
When you call us for a free consultation , you will get compassionate and practical legal guidance and you will have a clear understanding of the merits of your case .
The medical experts , accident - scene investigators and other specialists that we work with will be at your disposal .
All at no cost to you .
Call us now to see how our Los Angeles personal injury lawyers can fight for you .
Posted on November 11 , 2009
Pelosi On Jail Time For No Health Care : " The Legislation Is Very Fair In This Respect "
KOMO -TV : Do you think it ’s fair to send people to jail who do n’t buy health insurance ?
Pelosi : .. " the legislation is very fair in this respect . "
Government Sovereign Debt Spirals
I have been writing about sovereign debt risk for some time .
Japan , Spain , Italy and Portugal are all facing serious fiscal deficits and funding problems within a few years .
But Greece may be the first country to hit the wall .
In today 's Outside the Box , we look at a short column by Ambrose Evans - Pritchard of the London Telegraph on the problems facing Greece .
Greece will soon be faced with deciding which bad choice to make among a very small set of really bad , difficult choices .
And then we turn to a piece by Edmund Andrews in the New York Times about the funding problem facing the US .
The US is going to have to borrow at a minimum $ 3.5 trillion in the next three years according to Obama administration officials , and it is likely to be much higher .
And rates are likely to be rising .
As Andrews notes " Even a small increase in interest rates has a big impact .
An increase of one percentage point in the Treasury 's average cost of borrowing would cost American taxpayers an extra $ 80 billion this year . "
If interest rates were at the same level as a few years ago , interest costs on the debt this year would be $ 221 billion more than they actually were .
We are not yet Greece or Japan .
But we are working on it given the current direction .
At some point the bond market is not going to " go along " for the ride .
Read these pieces and think about them .
As I often write , if something cannot happen then it wo n't .
Greece can not go along the same path they are on .
While today we are blithely ignoring the debt problem , the US cannot continue with massive deficits without serious consequences .
With that being said , for those in the US , I wish you a very Happy Thanksgiving .
My intention is to write a letter this Friday as usual , assuming I can roll out of bed after the feasting .
I am told by very reliable sources that thanksgiving calories do not count , and I intend to take advantage of that .
Your still hopeful we will find a way to Muddle Through analyst ,
John Mauldin , Editor
Outside the Box
Greece tests the limit of sovereign debt as it grinds towards slump
By Ambrose Evans - Pritchard , The Telegraph
Greece is disturbingly close to a debt compound spiral .
It is the first developed country on either side of the Atlantic to push unfunded welfare largesse to the limits of market tolerance .
Euro membership blocks every plausible way out of the crisis , other than EU beggary .
This is what happens when a facile political elite signs up to a currency union for reasons of prestige or to snatch windfall gains without understanding the terms of its Faustian contract .
When the European Central Bank 's Jean - Claude Trichet said last week that certain sinners on the edges of the eurozone were " very close to losing their credibility " , everybody knew he meant Greece .
The interest spread between 10 - year Greek bonds and German bunds has jumped to 178 basis points .
Greek debt has decoupled from Italian debt .
Athens can no longer hide behind others in EMU 's soft South .
" As far as the bond vigilantes are concerned , the Bat - Signal is up for Greece , " said Francesco Garzarelli in a Goldman Sachs client note , Tremors at the EMU Periphery .
The newly - elected Hellenic Socialists ( PASOK ) of George Papandreou confess that the budget deficit will be more than 12 pc of GDP this year , four times the original claim of the last lot .
After campaigning on extra spending , it will have to do the exact opposite .
" We need to save the country from bankruptcy , " he said .
Good luck .
Communist - led shipyard workers have already clashed violently with police .
Some 200 anarchists were arrested in Athens last week after they torched streets of cars in a tear gas battle .
Mr Papandreou has mooted a pay freeze for state workers earning more than € 2,000 a month .
This has already set off an internal party revolt .
" There is enormous denial , " said Lars Christensen , emerging markets chief at Danske Bank .
" They do n't seem to understand that very serious austerity measures are needed .
It is a striking contrast with Ireland , " he said .
Brussels says Greece 's public debt will rise from 99 pc of GDP in 2008 to 135 pc by 2011 , without drastic cuts .
Athens has been shortening debt maturities to trim costs , storing up a roll - over crisis next year .
Some € 18bn comes due in the second quarter of 2010 ( IMF ) .
Modern economies have reached such debt levels before , and survived , but never in the circumstances facing Greece .
" They can't devalue : they can't print money , " said Mr Christensen .
The tourist trade is withering , down 20 pc last season by revenue .
Turkey was up .
It is hard to pin down how much is a currency effect , but clearly Greece has priced itself out of the Club Med market .
Wages rose a staggering 12 pc in the 2008 - 2009 pay - round alone ( IMF data ) , suicidal in a Teutonic currency union .
Greece has slipped to 71st in the competitiveness index of the World Economic Forum , behind Egypt and Botswana .
Greece has long been skating on thin ice .
The current account deficit hit 14.5 pc of GDP in 2008 .
External debt has reached 144p ( IMF ) .
Eurozone creditors – German banks ?
– hold € 200bn of Greek debt .
A warning from Bank of Greece that lenders must wean themselves off the ECB 's emergency funding has brought matters to a head .
Default insurance on Greek debt jumped 40 basis points last week .
Greek banks have borrowed € 40bn from the ECB at 1 pc , playing the " yield curve " by purchasing state bonds .
This EU subsidy has made up for losses on property , shipping , and Balkan woes .
The banks insist that they are in rude good health .
EFG Eurobank has halved reliance on ECB funding .
" Greek banks are very liquid : we maintain billions in extra liquidity , " it said .
Yet markets are wary .
Recession has come late to Greece , but will bite deep in 2010 .
It takes three years for defaults to peak once the cycle turns .
David Marsh , author of The Euro : The Politics of The New Global Currency , said the danger for EMU laggards is that the ECB will begin to tighten before they are out of trouble .
It is German recovery that threatens to stretch the North - South divide towards breaking point .
Athens squandered its euro windfall .
For a decade , EMU let Greece borrow at almost the same cost as Germany .
It was a heaven - sent chance to whittle down debt .
Instead , the country dug itself deeper into a hole by running budget deficits near 5 pc of GDP at the top of the boom .
Like Labour under Brown , idiot leaders mistook a bubble for their own skill .
But the consequences in EMU are more dreadful .
Austerity may prove self - defeating , without the cure of devaluation .
Greece risks grinding deeper into slump .
The EU can paper over this by transfering large sums of money to Greece .
But will Berlin , Paris – and London , also on the hook – feel obliged to bail out a country that has so flagrantly violated the rules of the club , not least by holding Eastern Europe 's EU entry to ransom over Cyprus ?
That is neither forgotten , nor forgiven .
During the panic last February , German finance minister Peer Steinbruck promised to rescue any eurozone state in dire trouble .
He is no longer in office .
The pledge was , in any case , a bounced political cheque even when he wrote it .
Greece can assume nothing .
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/..
Wave of Debt Payments Facing U.S. Government
By Edmund L. Andrews , the New York Times
WASHINGTON — The United States government is financing its more than trillion - dollar - a - year borrowing with i.o.u.'s on terms that seem too good to be true .
But that happy situation , aided by ultralow interest rates , may not last much longer .
Treasury officials now face a trifecta of headaches : a mountain of new debt , a balloon of short - term borrowings that come due in the months ahead , and interest rates that are sure to climb back to normal as soon as the Federal Reserve decides that the emergency has passed .
Even as Treasury officials are racing to lock in today 's low rates by exchanging short - term borrowings for long - term bonds , the government faces a payment shock similar to those that sent legions of overstretched homeowners into default on their mortgages .
With the national debt now topping $ 12 trillion , the White House estimates that the government 's tab for servicing the debt will exceed $ 700 billion a year in 2019 , up from $ 202 billion this year , even if annual budget deficits shrink drastically .
Other forecasters say the figure could be much higher .
In concrete terms , an additional $ 500 billion a year in interest expense would total more than the combined federal budgets this year for education , energy , homeland security and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The potential for rapidly escalating interest payouts is just one of the wrenching challenges facing the United States after decades of living beyond its means .
The surge in borrowing over the last year or two is widely judged to have been a necessary response to the financial crisis and the deep recession , and there is still a raging debate over how aggressively to bring down deficits over the next few years .
But there is little doubt that the United States ' long - term budget crisis is becoming too big to postpone .
Americans now have to climb out of two deep holes : as debt - loaded consumers , whose personal wealth sank along with housing and stock prices ; and as taxpayers , whose government debt has almost doubled in the last two years alone , just as costs tied to benefits for retiring baby boomers are set to explode .
The competing demands could deepen political battles over the size and role of the government , the trade - offs between taxes and spending , the choices between helping older generations versus younger ones , and the bottom - line questions about who should ultimately shoulder the burden .
" The government is on teaser rates , " said Robert Bixby , executive director of the Concord Coalition , a nonpartisan group that advocates lower deficits .
" We 're taking out a huge mortgage right now , but we wo n't feel the pain until later . "
So far , the demand for Treasury securities from investors and other governments around the world has remained strong enough to hold down the interest rates that the United States must offer to sell them .
Indeed , the government paid less interest on its debt this year than in 2008 , even though it added almost $ 2 trillion in debt .
The government 's average interest rate on new borrowing last year fell below 1 percent .
For short - term i.o.u.'s like one - month Treasury bills , its average rate was only sixteen - hundredths of a percent .
" All of the auction results have been solid , " said Matthew Rutherford , the Treasury 's deputy assistant secretary in charge of finance operations .
" Investor demand has been very broad , and it 's been increasing in the last couple of years . "
The problem , many analysts say , is that record government deficits have arrived just as the long - feared explosion begins in spending on benefits under Medicare and Social Security .
The nation 's oldest baby boomers are approaching 65 , setting off what experts have warned for years will be a fiscal nightmare for the government .
" What a good country or a good squirrel should be doing is stashing away nuts for the winter , " said William H. Gross , managing director of the Pimco Group , the giant bond - management firm .
" The United States is not only not saving nuts , it 's eating the ones left over from the last winter . "
The current low rates on the country 's debt were caused by temporary factors that are already beginning to fade .
One factor was the economic crisis itself , which caused panicked investors around the world to plow their money into the comparative safety of Treasury bills and notes .
Even though the United States was the epicenter of the global crisis , investors viewed Treasury securities as the least dangerous place to park their money .
On top of that , the Fed used almost every tool in its arsenal to push interest rates down even further .
It cut the overnight federal funds rate , the rate at which banks lend reserves to one another , to almost zero .
And to reduce longer - term rates , it bought more than $ 1.5 trillion worth of Treasury bonds and government - guaranteed securities linked to mortgages .
Those conditions are already beginning to change .
Global investors are shifting money into riskier investments like stocks and corporate bonds , and they have been pouring money into fast - growing countries like Brazil and China .
Articles in this series will examine the consequences of , and attempts to deal with , growing public and private debts .
The Fed , meanwhile , is already halting its efforts at tamping down long - term interest rates .
Fed officials ended their $ 300 billion program to buy up Treasury bonds last month , and they have announced plans to stop buying mortgage - backed securities by the end of next March .
Eventually , though probably not until at least mid-2010 , the Fed will also start raising its benchmark interest rate back to more historically normal levels .
The United States will not be the only government competing to refinance huge debt .
Japan , Germany , Britain and other industrialized countries have even higher government debt loads , measured as a share of their gross domestic product , and they too borrowed heavily to combat the financial crisis and economic downturn .
As the global economy recovers and businesses raise capital to finance their growth , all that new government debt is likely to put more upward pressure on interest rates .
Even a small increase in interest rates has a big impact .
An increase of one percentage point in the Treasury 's average cost of borrowing would cost American taxpayers an extra $ 80 billion this year — about equal to the combined budgets of the Department of Energy and the Department of Education .
But that could seem like a relatively modest pinch .
Alan Levenson , chief economist at T. Rowe Price , estimated that the Treasury 's tab for debt service this year would have been $ 221 billion higher if it had faced the same interest rates as it did last year .
The White House estimates that the government will have to borrow about $ 3.5 trillion more over the next three years .
On top of that , the Treasury has to refinance , or roll over , a huge amount of short - term debt that was issued during the financial crisis .
Treasury officials estimate that about 36 percent of the government 's marketable debt — about $ 1.6 trillion — is coming due in the months ahead .
To lock in low interest rates in the years ahead , Treasury officials are trying to replace one - month and three - month bills with 10 - year and 30 - year Treasury securities .
That strategy will save taxpayers money in the long run .
But it pushes up costs drastically in the short run , because interest rates are higher for long - term debt .
Adding to the pressure , the Fed is set to begin reversing some of the policies it has been using to prop up the economy .
Wall Street firms advising the Treasury recently estimated that the Fed 's purchases of Treasury bonds and mortgage - backed securities pushed down long - term interest rates by about one - half of a percentage point .
Removing that support could in itself add $ 40 billion to the government 's annual tab for debt service .
This month , the Treasury Department 's private - sector advisory committee on debt management warned of the risks ahead .
" Inflation , higher interest rate and rollover risk should be the primary concerns , " declared the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee , a group of market experts that provide guidance to the government , on Nov. 4 .
" Clever debt management strategy , " the group said , " ca n't completely substitute for prudent fiscal policy . "
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/23/business/23rates.html?_r=1&hp
By John Mauldin
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
Copyright 2008 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
John Mauldin is president of Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC , a registered investment advisor .
All material presented herein is believed to be reliable but we cannot attest to its accuracy .
Investment recommendations may change and readers are urged to check with their investment counselors before making any investment decisions .
Opinions expressed in these reports may change without prior notice .
John Mauldin and / or the staff at Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC may or may not have investments in any funds cited above .
Mauldin can be reached at 800-829-7273 .
Disclaimer PAST RESULTS ARE NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS .
THERE IS RISK OF LOSS AS WELL AS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR GAIN WHEN INVESTING IN MANAGED FUNDS .
WHEN CONSIDERING ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS , INCLUDING HEDGE FUNDS , YOU SHOULD CONSIDER VARIOUS RISKS INCLUDING THE FACT THAT SOME PRODUCTS : OFTEN ENGAGE IN LEVERAGING AND OTHER SPECULATIVE INVESTMENT PRACTICES THAT MAY INCREASE THE RISK OF INVESTMENT LOSS , CAN BE ILLIQUID , ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PERIODIC PRICING OR VALUATION INFORMATION TO INVESTORS , MAY INVOLVE COMPLEX TAX STRUCTURES AND DELAYS IN DISTRIBUTING IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION , ARE NOT SUBJECT TO THE SAME REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AS MUTUAL FUNDS , OFTEN CHARGE HIGH FEES , AND IN MANY CASES THE UNDERLYING INVESTMENTS ARE NOT TRANSPARENT AND ARE KNOWN ONLY TO THE INVESTMENT MANAGER .
John Mauldin Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
debt
16 Dec 09 , 01:47 Informative blog .
Informative blog .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on November 12 , 2009 under Unique Gift Ideas
Metro , or CVFD - M65 , is a Dual SIM cell phone with swivel display and sliding QWERTY keyboard with the back acting as a mirror , which was designed for fashionable people who use to compose emails , chat and read the latest news online , while on the go .
It features quad - band support so you can use it anywhere on the globe , a 2.8 - inch QVGA LCD display of 240 x 320 pixels and 260 K colors , dual SIM with dual standby to keep two SIM cards active simultaneously , 2GB microSD memory included , multimedia player , Bluetooth , built - in camera with video recorder , FM radio with background play , TV antenna , and lots of applications pre-loaded .
The camera allows you to capture still images of up to 640 x 480 pixels and provides Timer , Continuous Shoot , Scene Modes , Color Effects and White Balance , while the video recording capability can be used with settings like Night Mode , Effects and White Balance .
The Metro handset has an MT6225 chipset and runs on the Nucleus RTOS operating system , while supporting the following languages : English , French , Spanish , Portuguese , Italian , German , Malaysian , Indonesian , Czech , Vietnamese , Turkish , Russian , Arabic , Persian , Thai and Greek .
Applications include chat , voice recorder , World Clock , Currency Converter and eBook reader .
You can find it at Chinavasion for EUR 73.71 .
Remember that legal dealio with Apple that erupted after the Norwegian Consumer Council , Forbrukerrådet , read the iTunes EULA ?
Right , that toothless complaint that waffled on for years until it was finally rendered moot by Apple going DRM - free -- long after Apple benefited from the iTunes - to - iPod lock - in .
Well , it 's brewing again only this time the council has focused its meticulously crafted aluminum spectacles , often highlighted with vibrant reds or blues , upon Amazon 's practice of tying its content exclusively to the Kindle 's new international reader .
According to a critique published by the Council 's boss , Hans Marius Graasvold , the fine print in the Kindle 's terms of service , " violated several provisions of Norwegian consumer protection law . "
He takes exception with Amazon 's ability terminate the terms of service entirely should customers violate said terms .
In other words , Amazon could deny you access to all your purchased books if you make an illegal copy of just one -- unimaginable by brick - and - mortar standards where a Wal - mart could take your entire CD collection should you decide to rip a single disc .
Graasvold 's also miffed at Amazon 's ability to change the agreement at any time without advanced notification .
The Council does not currently have official support from the country 's Consumer Ombudsman as it did when it went after Apple .
For the moment , the council says that it 's awaiting feedback from Amazon and Norwegian publishers before proceeding with what Graasvold calls , " an iTunes 2 case if we are not satisfied . "
Good luck with that .
The cap - and - trade extortion racket promoted by the EU and UN has now blown sky high .
Please consider Businesses hold world hostage over carbon credits .
WND research reveals the European Union 's cap - and - trade exchange is vulnerable to a sophisticated form of corporate extortion in which EU bureaucrats in Brussels are manipulated into paying hundreds of millions of dollars in carbon permit bribes to keep companies from moving jobs to Third World nations .
In fact , it appears the scam is already under way .
The crux of the scheme is this : European steelmakers have threatened to leave the EU for India , eliminating the jobs of thousands of workers in the process , unless the EU grants the steelmakers free carbon credits worth hundreds of millions of dollars .
Eurofer , a European trade group , is at the center of the scheme .
The web of the plot , however , weaves in not only several companies , but also the United Nations ' climate change chief :
Among its members , Eurofer represents two EU steelmakers , Corus Redcar and ArcelorMittal , each of which has ties to India as well as to Rajendra K. Pachauri , the Indian industrial engineer who has been chairman of the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , or IPCC , since 2002 .
Eurofer appears to have coordinated a threat to the European Union Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading System that its steelmakers would move their operations from the EU to India unless the EU cap - and - trade exchange issued them – at no cost – carbon emissions permits worth hundreds of millions of dollars .
Once the bureaucrats in Brussels acquiesced , Corus Redcar and ArcelorMittal maneuvered to cash in windfall profits from the EU carbon permits given them at no cost .
Additionally , Corus Redcar has now announced a decision to close operations in Great Britain nonetheless and relocate its steelmaking activities to India in order to gain additional U.N. carbon credits .
Ironically , EU and U.N. officials who might have thought requiring cap - and - trade permits would operate as " protection racket " in which EU companies need to buy carbon credits to continue operations , have now found themselves on the losing end of the reverse scheme .
In the final analysis , the winners are the European Union corporations willing to play hardball with the European Union Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading System , and the losers are the EU middle class workers that are held hostage in the scheme .
Cashing In On The Scam
LAKSHMI MITTAL , Britain ’s richest man , stands to benefit from a £ 1 billion windfall from a European scheme to curb global warming .
His company ArcelorMittal , the steel business where he is chairman and chief executive , will make the gain on “ carbon credits ” given to it under the European emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) .
The scheme grants companies permits to emit CO2 up to a specified “ cap ” .
Beyond this they must buy extra permits .
An investigation has revealed that ArcelorMittal has been given far more carbon permits than it needs .
It has the largest allocation of any organisation in Europe .
The investigation has also shown that ArcelorMittal and Eurofer , which represents European steel makers at European level , have lobbied intensively in Brussels .
This has included threatening to move plants out of Europe at a cost of 90,000 jobs , and asking European commissioners to meet Mittal .
ArcelorMittal is now free to sell its surplus permits on the market or to hoard them for future use .
The latter would allow it to avoid cutting greenhouse gas emissions for years , effectively undermining the point of the scheme .
ArcelorMittal , which is based in Luxembourg and has more than 80 steel plants around Europe , has confirmed Pearson ’s figures .
The ETS covers 10,000 industrial installations , responsible for 40 % of the EU ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
Having been a non-employee for about 14 years now , I ’ve made my share of stupid business mistakes .
I ’ve also coached a number of people to start their own businesses , and I ’ve seen many of them make similar mistakes .
This advice is geared towards small business owners , particularly people who are just starting ( or about to start ) their own business .
1. Selling to the wrong people .
While sales are important to the survival of any business , you do n’t need to push your business on everyone you meet , including friends and family .
Furthermore , it ’s a waste of time to try selling to people who simply do n’t need what you ’re offering .
Selling to the wrong people includes trying to sell to everyone .
Some customers are much easier to sell to than others .
For a web consulting business , if a potential customer is broke and obsessively worried about every nickel they spend , if they want a web site but do n’t know why , or if they simply do n’t understand the Internet well enough , they wo n’t be a good client in the long run .
Feel free to say no to customers that are more trouble than they ’re worth .
Let your competitors sell to them instead .
You ’ll save yourself many headaches , and you ’ll free up more time to focus on serving the best customers .
Just because someone is interested in doing business with you does n’t mean you should accept .
In my first year in business , I probably said yes to at least 50 % of the people who approached me with a potential business relationship .
I wasted a lot of time pursuing deals that were too much of a stretch to begin with .
I accepted lunch invitations from random business people who just wanted to “ see if there ’s a way we could do something together . ”
Virtually none of them made me a dime .
If you think a meeting is pointless , it probably is .
Do n’t network with random people just because you think you ’re supposed to network .
Today I accept such invitations less than 1/10 as often .
If an offer does n’t excite me right away , I usually decline or ignore it .
Most relationships simply are n’t worth pursuing .
Learn to say no to the weak opportunities so you have the capacity to say yes to the golden opportunities .
2. Spending too much money .
Until you have a steady cashflow coming in , do n’t spend your precious start - up cash unless it ’s absolutely necessary .
I started my computer games business with about $ 20,000 cash ( my own money ) , and it went fast ; shortly thereafter I was using debt to finance the business .
Unfortunately , the original business model did n’t work , and it took five years before the business was generating a positive cashflow .
I soon learned that every dollar invested in the business was another dollar that eventually had to be recouped from sales .
In 2004 I started this personal development business with only $ 9 cash even though I could have spent much more on it .
No fancy logo , no snazzy web design , no business cards or stationery .
I paid to register the domain name , and that was it .
That ’s as much as I was willing to spend before I started generating a positive cashflow .
All other business expenditures came out of that cashflow .
Your business should put cash into your pocket , so before you “ invest ” money into it , be clear on how you ’re going to pull that cash back out again .
Obviously some businesses require lots of cash to start , but in the age of the Internet business , you can very easily start a lucrative business for pocket change .
3. Spending too little money .
It ’s also a mistake to be too stingy with your cash .
Do n’t let frugality get in the way of efficiency .
Take advantage of skilled contractors who can do certain tasks more efficiently than you can .
Buy decent equipment when it ’s clear you ’ll get your money ’s worth .
You do n’t have to overspend on fancy furniture , but get functional furniture that helps you be more productive .
Do n’t use an antiquated computer with outdated software that slows you down if you can afford something better .
It takes time to develop the wisdom to know when you ’re being too tight or too loose with your cash , so if you ’re just starting out , get a second opinion .
Often the very thought of getting a second opinion makes the correct choice clear .
If you ca n’t justify the expenditure to someone you respect , it ’s probably a mistake .
On the other hand , there are situations where it ’s hard to justify not spending the cash .
4. Putting on a fake front .
Many one - person businesses refer to themselves as “ we . ”
That ’s something a lot of new entrepreneurs do , but it is n’t necessary .
There ’s nothing wrong with a one - person business , especially today .
My games business has mostly been a we over the years , but my personal development business is still an I .
It ’s perfectly OK to refer to your business as an I when you ’re the only one working in it .
Pretending that you ’re a we when you ’re really an I is a bit silly .
It ’s not going to gain you any respect in a way that matters .
Promoting yourself as an I may even be an advantage today , since people will know the buck stops with you , and if you make a promise , you ’re the one who will carry it out .
Promises from a we sometimes are n’t worth very much .
If you ’re a newly self - employed person , do n’t pretend you ’re anything else .
Price your products and services fairly for your level of skills and talents .
Some newly self - employed people think they must become actors .
The business they promote to the world is pure fantasy .
Trying to fool your customers in this manner will only backfire .
If you ’re so desperate for business that you need to lie , you should n’t be starting your own business .
If you ca n’t provide real value and charge fairly for it , do n’t play the game of business .
Develop your skills a bit more first .
5 . Assuming a signed contract will be honored .
I ’ve made this mistake more than I care to admit .
I ’ve had signed contracts with supposedly reputable corporations , and they were n’t worth squat when the CEO decided he wanted out of the deal , even for completely dishonorable reasons .
Sure I was in the right , but did I want to go to court to enforce it ?
No , I ’d rather continue doing meaningful work .
A signed contract is just a piece of paper .
What ’s behind a signed contract is a relationship .
If the relationship goes sour , the contract wo n’t save you .
The purpose of a contract is to clearly define everyone ’s roles and commitments .
But it ’s the relationship , not the paper , that ultimately enforces those commitments .
When I understood this , I focused more on relationships and worried less about what was on paper , and my business deals went much more smoothly .
Once you start falling back on the paper , the deal is already in trouble .
Creative ( and lucrative ) business deals almost always stray from the paper contracts that represent them .
One of my attorneys , who had worked on dozens of game development deals , told me that no deal he worked on ever followed the contract exactly ; most were n’t even close .
And these were big money deals in many cases .
Business relationships are similar to other personal relationships — they twist and turn all over the place .
Written contracts are still necessary , especially when dealing with larger corporations where people come and go , but they ’re secondary to relationships .
Just do n’t make the mistake of assuming that the contract is the deal .
The contract is only the deal ’s shadow .
The real deal is the relationship .
Keep your business relationships in good order , and you wo n’t have to worry so much about what ’s on paper .
It ’s sad but true that there are loads of scoundrels in business .
Many of them hold titles like CEO , President , and CFO .
There are indeed people out there who seem to care about nothing but money , and they will lie , cheat , and steal to get it .
In recent years some of the more despicable ones have gotten themselves indicted ( or are already behind bars ) .
But there are plenty of others to whom the word honor has no meaning .
For example , in the computer gaming industry , it is n’t unusual for large publishers to feign interest in certain games and string the developers along .
They give the developer every indication that a deal is pending , but all the developer sees are delays and false verbal promises .
In reality the publisher only wants to keep the game off the market to keep it from competing with one of their own titles ; they hope to cause the developer to miss the next Christmas season or to run out of cash and cancel the title altogether .
It happens .
Business , especially the entertainment industry , is not for the timid .
6. Going against your intuition .
Intuition is just as important in business as it is in other settings .
You ’d be amazed at how many gigantic corporate deals are green - lighted or red-lighted because of some CEO ’s gut feeling .
While you might think that logic is the language of business , that ’s far from reality .
If you base all your business deals on hard logic and ignore your intuition , most likely you ’ll be in for a world of hurt .
We humans are n’t very logical to begin with .
We simply do n’t have enough data to make truly logical decisions because business deals depend on human beings , and we do n’t have a logical system for accurately predicting human behavior .
Not being able to predict how other humans will behave is a pretty big gap in our logic .
And intuition has to fill that gap .
The real performance of human beings is what makes or breaks business deals .
But to assume everyone will perform as expected is unrealistic in the extreme .
No deal ever goes perfectly .
It ’s hard to say no to a deal that seems juicy by the numbers when my gut is saying , “ You ’ll regret it , ” but more often than not , I later see evidence my intuition was right all along .
Sometimes I just get a bad read on someone , and then years later , several people I know are complaining about being ripped off by that person .
Intuition is a critical part of the decision - making process in business .
Since business deals depend on relationships , you need to get a read on the other people involved in any deal you consider .
If you get a bad read , walk away .
If you get a good read , proceed with caution .
7. Being too formal .
I ’ll say it again .
Business is built on relationships .
In some settings a certain degree of formality is appropriate , but in most business situations being too formal only gets in the way .
Business relationships work best when there ’s a decent human - to - human connection behind them .
I think it ’s a mistake to be too formal even when looking to establish new business relationships .
If someone mails me a letter that starts with “ Dear Mr. Pavlina ” and then goes on to explain a long - winded business proposal , I ’ll usually just trash it , especially if it uses the word “ we ” a lot .
Better to fire off an email with a “ Hi Steve , ” and just ask me very informally if I ’m interested in the kind of arrangement you ’re seeking .
It saves time and opens the door to a real human relationship .
Human beings do n’t want to build relationships with faceless corporations .
They only want relationships with other human beings … sometimes animals too I suppose .
Treat your business relationships like friendships ( or potential friendships ) .
Formality puts up walls , and walls do n’t foster good business relationships .
No one is loyal to a wall … except the one in China .
Formality is boring and tedious .
People want to enjoy their work .
If someone addresses me like a computer , I ’ll respond in kind — by hitting delete .
But if someone demonstrates they have a real personality and a good sense of humor , a connection is far more likely .
8. Sacrificing your personality quirks .
In the early years of running my games business , I took myself too seriously and assumed that I had to act “ businesslike ” … whatever that meant .
Being self - employed was a weighty responsibility , and other people were counting on me .
Sink or swim , right ?
I started my games business in my early 20s , and people in their early 20s are invariably weird .
But I assumed that as a business owner , being weird was n’t appropriate or acceptable .
So most of my business letters and emails looked like they were written by the same people who created Microsoft ’s EULAs .
The job title of “ President ” really went to my head .
I learned how to function without a personality .
It took a number of years , but eventually I became comfortable just being myself , especially after my games business became profitable .
Now that I ’m a blogger , my personality quirks and unusual experiences are strengths .
My personal oddities give this blog a unique flavor .
If I were to take myself too seriously and write more formally , this blog would be very dull and would likely lose much of its audience .
It ’s perfectly OK to be your own weird self and to inject your own unique spirit into your business , especially if you ’re in your teens or 20s .
Do n’t be afraid to be more like Steve Jobs … and less like Steve Ballmer .
Do n’t pretend to be something you ’re not .
Ultimately you ’ll enjoy your work much more if you attract the kinds of customers and partners that want to work with you for who you are — warts and all .
Send the people who only want to work with androids to your corporate competitors .
They deserve each other . 🙂
If other people ca n’t handle your weirdness , too bad for them .
Focus your energy on the people who can .
9 . Failing to focus on value creation .
It ’s easy to fall into the trap of thinking that the purpose of a business is to make money .
But the real purpose of a business is to create value .
While it ’s possible to make money in the short run without creating much value , in the long run it ’s unsustainable .
Even criminal organizations have to create value for someone .
When you know your business is just sucking value away from others without providing anything in return , it will erode your self - esteem , and the business wo n’t be much fun to run .
Why does your business exist ?
It exists to provide some sort of value , both for you and your customers .
The better you understand what value you ’re trying to provide , the better you ’ll be able to focus .
The basic value provided by my games business was cerebral entertainment .
The basic value provided by StevePavlina.com is personal growth .
Too often business owners are n’t clear on what value they ’re trying to provide .
They just sell stuff and hope for the best .
That ’s a lousy business model .
The world does n’t need more selling or more stuff .
But it always needs and wants genuine value creation , and that ’s where you should direct your efforts .
Presently this web site contains over 400 free articles .
That ’s a lot of value creation .
Thousands of people visit each day to receive some of that value .
Helping people grow is the business ’ primary aim .
10 . Failing to optimize .
Although value creation is essential to a sustainable business , it ’s equally naive to assume you can simply focus on creating value , and the rest will take care of itself .
You may build a business that provides good value but loses money .
As a business owner , you need to find a way to deliver your value in a cost effective manner .
Most likely your first attempt will be very suboptimal .
You ’ll waste too much time , money , and resources trying to produce and deliver your value .
That ’s OK though .
Many businesses start out that way .
Just do n’t let yours stay that way .
Once you have a particular business process in place , pull it apart and re-optimize it from time to time .
Look for ways to make it more efficient .
Can you get it done in less time ?
At less cost ?
Can you do it less frequently ?
Can you outsource it ?
Can you dump the process altogether ?
I used to process credit orders for my games business manually .
I started the business in 1994 , and when I ’d receive an order through the mail or via my web site , I ’d use some software to input and run the orders by modem .
At the end of each month , I ’d manually tally the sales .
That worked fine when sales were low , but it became burdensome as more products were released and sales increased .
Several years ago I upgraded the process such that online orders were fully automated , including instant delivery of the game download .
All orders are recorded in a database , and I can view real - time reports to see how sales are doing for each product .
It took some work to set this up , but it was well worth it .
That one optimization saved me a lot of time and effort , and I do n’t have to pay high fees for a third - party order processing service .
Do n’t fall into the trap of using archaic methods for doing routine tasks that could be automated , including inventory management , billing , accounting , order processing , communications , and marketing .
If you find yourself doing the same repetitive tasks month after month , make sure you put some effort into optimizing them .
Not optimizing is like throwing time and money down the drain .
It ’s often much easier to save time and money than it is to create them .
An Internet business has abundant opportunities for optimization because it ’s so easy to try new things and measure the results .
In the first year after launching this site , I experimented quite a bit with Google Adsense .
Many people do n’t like the ad layout on this site , but it ’s the most effective layout I ’ve tried so far .
I use it because it works .
Adding the donations page was another optimization .
Some people click ads , some people donate , and some do both .
So even though value creation is the primary aim of the business , this is still a for - profit business and needs to generate income in order to be sustainable .
If I do n’t eat , I do n’t write .
More money means more resources for ongoing value creation .
So value creation and optimization go hand - in - hand .
It takes significant effort to build a successful business , but it ’s also a tremendous growth experience .
I know many people who have quit their jobs to run their own businesses .
Many of them did n’t do as well as they ’d hoped , but I do n’t know any that regretted taking the plunge .
There ’s simply no substitute for holding the reins of your own destiny .
