Today is Ada Lovelace Day - a day to celebrate the achievements of women in science and technology .
KDE has always been very welcoming and diverse with a comparatively large number of female contributors among free software communities .
For today , let 's focus on the great work women do every day throughout KDE to help make it awesome .
Unfortunately not in the video but still very awesome : Alex Valorie , Vera and many more .
Will you be in next year 's video ?
What 's another 12 beds ?
That 's what St. Michael 's Hospital cut this month in anticipation of this week 's provincial budget , which is expected to put a lid on hospital funding .
In the face of a $ 24.7 billion deficit and " unsustainable " growth in health - care funding , the province has signalled radical reforms are on the way for hospitals .
In response , hospitals across the province are trimming beds , services and staff – cuts that health - care watchdogs and hospital unions warn compromise patient care .
But Ontario Hospital Association president Tom Closson says the cuts to date have been " modest " and have not hurt patients .
Still , he admits it 's getting close to that .
Closson will be watching the budget closely , expecting hospitals to get no less than a 2 per cent hike on base funding of about $ 18 billion .
But equally important , he said , is the need for a significant investment in community services to offset ongoing cuts to hospitals .
As hospitals admit fewer patients and discharge patients faster , they are commonly sent home on intravenous antibiotics , oxygen , dialysis and with open wounds – things that used to keep them in hospital for weeks .
The expectation is that visiting nurses and personal support workers will pick up the slack .
But the community sector has not been adequately funded to manage higher demand , said Margaret Mottershead , chief executive of the Ontario Association of Community Care Access Centres .
And demand is expected to rise significantly as the health system tries to get a handle on what 's known as the " ALC problem . "
ALC refers to an alternative level of care , required by 5,000 patients in Ontario , mostly frail , elderly people who are in hospital even though they do n't need to be .
They are waiting to be sent back to their homes with visiting home - care support , into long - term care homes or into assisted living environments , such as a seniors ' apartment complex with nearby personal support workers .
Mottershead says community care access centres have introduced many programs in the last few years to ease pressure on hospitals and help deal with the ALC problem , but have not been fully funded for them .
As a result , the centres are forced to ration scarce resources and can't provide all the services required .
" A number of CCACs are having to ... reduce some of those hours for personal support for some people , " she said .
" They will say , ` If we have to cut back because we have to balance the budget , then Mrs. Jones who would normally get four hours will now get two hours . '
" But they do n't put anybody at risk as a result of that , " she added .
" We make sure the people who have the highest priority needs get the supports . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
For hospital watchdogs such as the Ontario Health Coalition , another concern is that the province has signalled its intention to make hospitals compete with each other for some procedures .
If one hospital offers to do the work more cheaply than a competitor , it would get the work .
" This system has already been tried in the United Kingdom where it increased administrative costs and touched off a storm of controversy , " said Natalie Mehra , director of the Health Coalition , a watchdog agency comprising more than 400 grassroots community organizations .
Closson is concerned about such a competitive model , too , but said he 's pleased the province has also signalled plans to bring in more " patient - based funding " that would see hospitals funded according to the volume and mix of patients .
Much of the money given to hospitals now has no strings attached .
" If they are going to balance the budget they have to bend the cost curve , " he said
" If we want to make health care affordable , we have to do it differently . "
More stories :
High - tech restores sight to the blind
Nip - tuck all the rage in Iraq
Woman finds hope after mother 's lungs save a life
Das geplante Verbot von " Killerspielen " in der Schweiz hat im Parlament die zweite Hürde genommen .
Nach dem Nationalrat sprach sich am Donnerstag auch der Ständerat für das Vorhaben aus .
Die kleinere Kammer stimmte für zwei unterschiedlich strikte Vorlagen und überwies sie an den Bundesrat .
Mit der Überweisung ist für die Regierung ein klarer Handlungsauftrag verbunden , ein entsprechendes Gesetz auszuarbeiten .
Wenig Diskussionen gab es im Ständerat für das Vorhaben , den Verkauf von Spielen mit gewalttätigen Inhalten an Kinder und Jugendliche zu verbieten .
Die Kammer nahm die Vorlage mit nur einer Gegenstimme an .
Heftig umstritten ist dagegen der sehr viel weiter gehende Vorschlag der Sozialdemokratin Evi Allemann , die Herstellung , Import , Bewerbung und Verkauf von Computerspielen mit gewalttätigem I nhalt gleich ganz verbieten will .
Die Rechtskommission des Ständerats hatte sich zuvor für die Annahme der beiden Vorlagen ausgesprochen .
Deren Präsident Hermann Bürgi äußerte gegenüber der Neuen Zürcher Zeitung ( NZZ ) Zweifel auch hinsichtlich der Umsetzbarkeit eines Verbots .
Dennoch plädierte Bürgi für die Überweisung der Vorlage an die Regierung , die dann Lösungsvorschläge für eine Diskussion unterbreiten könne .
Mit 19 zu 12 Stimmen passierte das Killerspiel - Verbot die Kammer .
Damit ist jetzt Bundesrätin Eveline Widmer - Schlumpf am Zug .
Allerdings hält sie selbst eine Regelung nach der zahmeren Vorlage auf Bundesebene " zumindest zum jetzigen Zeitpunkt " für nicht anwendbar .
Für ein Verkaufsverbot an Jugendliche benötige man eine Regulierungsstelle auf Bundesebene , die wiederum eine Verfassungsänderung erfordere .
Die Regierung will laut NZZ - Bericht nun zunächst beobachten , was die Kantone in Zusammenarbeit mit der Computerspielbranche im Bereich des Jugendschutzes alles erreichten , droht aber mit gesetzgeberischen Maßnahmen , wenn das nicht reiche .
Siehe dazu auch :
Killerspielverbot in der Schweiz auf Telepolis
( vbr )
I delayed writing about references in Perl 5 in the Modern Perl book for a long time .
References in Perl 5 are useful .
They have their warts .
They 're not as difficult as most people believe , however .
Novices have trouble learning how to use references effectively because most tutorials and introductions explain them poorly .
I had to think about explanations for a long time before I found a way to explain them well .
Of course , the syntax for dereferencing gets complex very quickly — but it's also an effective example of what I 've been discussing this week .
Perl has a handful of subtle design consistencies that , if you understand them , help you read and skim code very effectively .
If you do n't learn them , you 'll get lost in a sea of punctuation soup .
Consider an array reference $ monkeys_ref .
You can get the number of monkeys by evaluating that reference as an array in scalar context in one of two ways :
# the short way my $ count = @$monkeys_ref ; # the disambiguatey way my $ count = @{ $ monkeys_ref } ;
The former way is shorter and more idiomatic .
Anyone familiar with Perl 5 references should understand what the additional sigil means ( " I want a list from the following reference " ) .
The latter syntax has the same effect , but it means instead " I want a list coerced from the expression evaluated within this block . "
The difference is subtle and you do n't have to understand the subtleties for this example .
Trouble arrives when you deal with nested data structures or more complex expressions , such as slices :
# the short way my $ monkeys = join ' , ' @$monkeys_ref[@indices ] ; # the clearer way my $ monkeys = join ' , ' , @{ $ monkeys_ref }[@indices ] ;
The first expression is somewhat more difficult to parse ; which takes precedence , the indexing operation represented by the square brackets or the dereferencing operation indicated by the leading sigil ?
The second expression works because the intended order of operation is clear , at least to anyone who understands how curly - brace grouping works with complex references .
The whitespace is unnecessary , of course , but I find that it adds clarity .
A little bit of disambiguation is n't necessary to help the Perl 5 parser in this case , but it does helps the reader .
Students of compiler design might argue that nested expressions this complex belong on separate lines .
I can imagine how this would read in a pseudo assembly language ( I work on Parrot , after all ) .
There 's definitely a balance between the complexity of nested expressions and dereferencing ... but this is a place where I consider the idiomatic use of Perl 5 sufficiently expressive that spreading the list slice out over multiple lines would obfuscate the intent of the code .
Certainly it 's possible to perform even more complex dereferences of data structures , but when it 's difficult to identify individual chunks of the desired behavior , it 's time to simplify the code or the expression or the design .
Even still , readability of this code does should not depend on the desire to avoid teaching novices about references .
Robert J. Sawyer online :
Website • Facebook • Twitter • Newsgroup • Email
Last weekend , in Chicago , I bought a Barnes & Nobleebook reader .
Since they 're not for sale in Canada , I probably have one of the very few units in all of Canada now -- a nook of the north !
( Yes , it was worth the US $ 259 , just to get to make that pun . )
My initial thoughts :
The nook seems to have no trouble loading my content in eReader format from Fictionwise , and sampling and buying content wirelessly from Barnes & Noble seems to work fine .
The display is beautiful , but right - justification is forced to on , and the justification algorithms are terrible : even words with embedded hyphens ( such as " middle - class " ) do n't break at the hyphen ( instead , the whole thing wraps to the next line ) , and em - dashes are treated as parts of words -- frustratingly meaning that even if , in this sentence , " words , " or " words -- , " would fit on one line , all of " words -- frustratingly " wraps to the next line .
That leaves huge gaps between words in the previous line .
It is distracting and mars the aesthetics of an otherwise nice display .
( And the nook does n't do hyphenation of its own -- which really is required if one is doing justification ; look at any print book or magazine that has fully justified text , and see what a difference the hyphenation makes to the word spacing in the lines . )
Also missing is the ability to do a folder hierarchy ( separate " Fiction , " Nonfiction , " " Biography , " or whatever you wish folders ) in either main memory or on an expansion card , and the expansion card is very awkward to put in and remove ; you wo n't be using it as a standard way to add new content .
The page - forward and page - backward buttons are in the reverse of where they should be , given the weight of the device .
If you hold it with your thumbs over the page - forward buttons ( on either side ) , it 's top heavy , and has a tendency to fall backward ; if you hold it with your thumbs over the page - backward buttons ( which are higher up ) , it 's balanced nicely in the hands , but you have to reposition a hand every time you want to change a page .
But except for those things , it works quite nicely .
It does not have a backlight for the main screen .
Having the color LCD screen below the main screen ( which is used for navigation and menus ) light up in the dark ( which it did once spontaneously on me last night ) does starkly remind one of this lack .
Page turns ( with the new 1.2 firmware , which came preinstalled on my unit ) are fast ; and the nook wakes up from hibernation very quickly , leaving you right at the page you were last reading .
It 's substantially heavier than the Foxit eSlick -- the other e-ink device on the market that supports Fictionwise 's eReader format -- and the eSlick does support folders .
Also , the eSlick supports landscape mode , and the nook does not .
But the nook wins hands - down because you 're back to reading your book in 2 seconds after picking up the device if it 's hibernating ( and only have to hit the power button to get there ) , versus 23 or so with the eSlick ( and on the eSlick you have to re-select your book from a menu after powering up ) .
The nook does have a built - in dictionary ( -- a very good one ) , but the interface for selecting a word on the e-ink screen is very awkward and time - consuming ; the eSlick has no dictionary support .
The nook is a nice device , and I 'm glad I bought it , but it needs at least one more firmware upgrade .
The justification issue has to be fixed ( first , it should be user - selectable whether it's on or off ; second , it should obey the rules of typography when on ) .
A better interface for selecting words for dictionary lookup ( and highlighting ) needs to be devised .
And I 'd like to see the ability to swap the functions of the page - forward and page - backward buttons .
But ita great example of what an e-ink device can be .
Labels : ebooks , nook
Vers la fin des forfaits triple - play à 29,99 euros ?
C'est ce qu'a laissé entendre Xavier Niel , qui prédit une augmentation générale des abonnements de 5 euros .
En cause selon lui , les taxes qui pèsent sur les FAI et les opérateurs mobiles , ainsi que l'activisme de l'UFC - Que Choisir contre Free .
Le célèbre abonnement triple - play à 29,99 euros par mois qui a contribué au succès de Free va-t - il finir par disparaitre ?
C’est ce qu’a laissé entendre Xavier Niel à l’occasion de la présentation des résultats financiers d’Iliad , pour l’année écoulée .
Selon le vice - président et directeur de la stratégie de l’entreprise , ce type de forfait devrait augmenter significativement dans les prochains mois .
À l’entendre , cette hausse ne se limitera pas uniquement à Free , mais concernera l’ensemble des fournisseurs d’accès à Internet .
S’il n’a pas précisé le montant de la hausse pour Free , le chef d’entreprise a estimé que la hausse moyenne dans cette gamme d’offres devrait être aux alentours de 5 euros .
Une prédiction plutôt étrange , dans la mesure où les résultats 2009 ont progressé par rapport à 2008 .
Pour Xavier Niel , il ne faut pas chercher midi à quatorze heures .
Ce sont les taxes de l’Etat et l’activisme de l’UFC - Que Choisir qui sont directement responsables de cette prochaine hausse .
Dans le premier cas , c’est l’une des propositions de la commission Copé – refusée par la Commission européenne – sur le financement de la télévision publique sans publicités qui est mal passée : une taxe de 0,9 % sur le chiffre d’affaires des fournisseurs d’accès Internet et des opérateurs mobiles , pour un gain estimé à 210 millions d’euros .
Dans le second cas , la faute est à mettre au crédit des relations particulièrement tendues entre Free et l’UFC - Que Choisir .
Il faut dire que l’association mène la vie dure à la société , en l’attaquant notamment sur de « nombreuses et diverses pratiques déloyales et illicites » dans la commercialisation de son accès Internet par ADSL .
Ce mois -ci , l’UFC avait même dénoncé Free auprès de la CNIL et porté plainte dans la foulée .
« Contre Free , nous avons plusieurs procédures en cours relative à l’assistance téléphonique , l’offre triple play , la hotline .
Une procédure au pénal est en cours d’instruction , une autre en vue de la suppression des clauses abusives et deux procédures menées par les associations locales devant les juges de proximité » avait résumé Catalina Chatellier , juriste à l’UFC .
Un dynamisme associatif qui agace manifestement Xavier Niel . «
Le problème de l’UFC est qu’ils estiment qu’il y a un acteur qui fait trop parler de lui , qui est trop consumériste et qui mange un peu sur ce qu’ils font .
Donc , à partir de ce moment , on va taper sur lui .
L’UFC ne peut être là que si des acteurs proposent des prix élevés » a - t - il déclaré .
some observations on the war on terror and other contemporary farces .
March 22 , 2010
Rose Aguilar is the host of Your Call , a daily call - in radio show , and author of Red Highways : A Liberal 's Journey into the Heartland .
Here , she reports on the signing of a Utah bill that will make women criminally responsible for having a miscarriage .
ON THE afternoon of March 8 , a controversial Utah bill that charges pregnant women and girls with murder for having miscarriages caused by " intentional or knowing " acts was signed into law by Gov. Gary Herbert .
Contrary to media reports , the " Criminal Homicide and Abortion Amendments " or HB12 , which previously also applied to miscarriages caused by " reckless " acts , was never " withdrawn " by its sponsor , Republican state Rep. Carl Wimmer ( who is crafting similar " model legislation " for other states ) .
After the governor expressed concern over " possible unintended consequences " of the legislation as written , Wimmer swiftly introduced a new version , titled " Criminal Homicide and Abortion Revisions " ( HB462 ) , which omitted the word " reckless . "
Herbert signed the new bill and vetoed the old one .
In a letter to legislative leaders on Monday , the governor wrote :
I appreciate the willingness of Rep. Wimmer to re-evaluate the impact of potential unintended consequences arising from the inclusion of " reckless " behavior in HB 12 .
HB 462 is more consistent with the true intent of the legislation and addresses those situations in which the termination of a pregnancy is intentional and is not conducted at a physician 's direction .
Utah Gov. Gary Herbert
Nevertheless , women 's and civil rights groups say the new , just - signed version of the bill is just as dangerous .
" We are still passing legislation which seeks to criminalize women for their actions , " Marina Lowe , legislative and policy counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) of Utah , told AlterNet .
" The language is still problematic . "
The original bill , which passed the Utah House and Senate a few weeks ago , attracted widespread condemnation and even international attention .
But organizations like the ACLU and Planned Parenthood say most media coverage is missing the larger issue .
" Everyone 's focusing on the bill , but no one is talking about how we got here , " Melissa Bird , executive director of the Planned Parenthood Action Council in Utah , told AlterNet .
" I 'm thrilled the media have picked this up , but we need to start from the beginning . "
STARTING FROM the beginning means revisiting the case of a 17 - year - old girl from Vernal , Utah , who was seven months pregnant last May , when she paid 21 - year - old Aaron Harrison $ 150 to beat her up after her boyfriend threatened to leave her if she did n't terminate the pregnancy .
According to the Salt Lake Tribune , Harrison brought the girl to the basement of his parent 's house and attacked and kicked her , leaving bruises on her stomach and a bite mark on her neck .
The fetus survived the assault , was born in August and has since been adopted .
Harrison , who faced 15 years in prison , pleaded guilty to second - degree felony attempted murder , but instead got up to five years , after District Judge A. Lynn Payne sentenced him under Utah 's anti-abortion statute , saying a charge of third - degree " attempted killing of an unborn child " better fit the facts of the case , according to the Tribune .
In June , the 17 - year - old girl , whose name has not been released because of her age , pleaded no contest to a second - degree felony count of criminal solicitation to commit murder .
Juvenile Court Judge Larry Steele ordered that she be placed in the custody of Utah Juvenile Justice Services until she turns 21 , but she was released in October after the judge said that under state law , " a woman who solicits or seeks to have another cause an abortion of her own unborn child cannot be criminally liable . "
That 's when Rep. Wimmer stepped in .
" The judge is absolutely stretching , " he said after the ruling .
" There 's no way the judge believes the Utah Legislature left open this loophole [ in the law ] .
I guarantee it will be closed this next session . "
Wimmer introduced the Criminal Homicide and Abortion Amendments bill on December 14 , and the Criminal Homicide and Abortion Revisions bill ( minus the word " reckless " ) on March 4 .
Both bills passed overwhelmingly , on February 24 and March 5 respectively , with little debate .
Democratic state Sen. Ben McAdams , one of just four of the state 's 29 senators who voted against both pieces of legislation ( three Democratic female senators voted for both ) , says the revised bill still sets a dangerous precedent that would " open up a Pandora 's box " of unintended legal consequences that will be hard to reverse .
" Even the word ' knowingly ' will result in unintended consequences , " he told AlterNet .
Planned Parenthood 's Melissa
Bird says the same questions that so alarmed the bill 's earlier critics still apply to the rewritten version that was just signed into law .
" What happens to women who are in abusive relationships ? " she asks .
" What happens if a woman threatens to leave the abuser , falls down the stairs and loses the baby ?
What if the abuser beats the woman and causes a miscarriage ?
Could he turn her in ?
Who would the prosecutor believe ?
What happens if a drug addict who 's trying to get clean loses her baby ?
Will she be brought up on murder charges ? "
Wimmer claims such women would not be prosecuted because they did n't knowingly act to terminate their pregnancies .
But Bird says that is not necessarily the point .
" Even if the prosecutor does n't take the case , nothing precludes a woman from being brought to the attention of law enforcement in the first place , " she said .
" What we 're doing is driving women underground and preventing them from getting health care and prenatal care . "
To put this in human terms , had Rep .
Wimmer 's bill been on the books last spring -- and had the 17 - year - old 's fetus not survived -- she would have faced a prison sentence of 15 years to life .
Wimmer says he 's okay with that because the teenager has to face the " consequences of her barbaric actions . "
" It 's pretty rare for a politician to openly support jail time for girls who have abortions , no matter how desperate they seem to be " a 40 - something abortion provider who asked to remain anonymous told AlterNet .
" This is extreme .
Mark my words .
If they can get away with this , they will try to make abortion illegal in the state of Utah .
People need to wake up . "
REP .
WIMMER , who is a conservative Christian , makes no attempt to hide his anti-choice agenda .
According to his Web site , as chairman of the Utah Family Action Council , " we are continually working to pass pro-life legislation which will weaken Roe v. Wade .
Abortions should be reserved for extreme cases only . "
Upon learning of Rep. Wimmer 's planned legislation to put girls and women behind bars for " reckless " miscarriages , Planned Parenthood 's Bird called his office .
" I said , ' Do n't do this until we sit down and talk , ' " she told AlterNet .
" There was n't a real willingness on the part of not only our elected officials , but also our local media , to find out how this young girl got into the circumstance she was in .
I was trying to start that conversation , but nobody was willing to go there . "
" Yes , it 's mortifying , " Bird continued .
" But should we be passing a law like this when we 're not even willing to talk about how she got pregnant ?
We do know she was living in poverty .
We know she was from an incredibly rural part of the state and had no access to sex education or reproductive health care services . "
For activists and family planning advocates , this gets to the crux of this issue .
" Even without this legislation , I would n't say throwing women in jail for having miscarriages is outside the realm of possibility , " says the Utah ACLU 's Marina Lowe .
" The larger issue is whether or not our young people have access to information and services , especially people in remote parts of the state . "
Planned Parenthood closed its clinic in Vernal , Utah , 10 years ago .
Three clinics offer abortions in Utah - - all located in Salt Lake City , a three - and - a - half - hour drive from Vernal .
According to the Guttmacher Institute , which advocates for sexual and reproductive health in the United States , 93 percent of all Utah counties have no abortion provider .
" This is a nationwide problem , " says Dr. William Adams , 74 , an abortion provider who runs the Mountain View Clinic in Salt Lake City .
" I became an OB / GYN in 1973 , the year abortion became legal .
Since then , it 's only gotten worse . "
" I see women from southeastern Idaho , western Wyoming , and occasionally some from eastern Nevada , " Dr. Adams told AlterNet .
" They do n't have providers there . "
Dr. Adams says
Utah 's legislation is extreme , but not unexpected .
" Nothing really surprises me anymore , " he said .
" What saddens me is the fact that no one wants to defend abortion , not even the women who have one .
We 're not even teaching our kids how to be responsible so they wo n't get pregnant or get STDs . "
Ironically , just three days after Utah's House and Senate overwhelmingly passed Wimmer 's Criminal Homicide and Abortion Amendments bill , the Senate refused to even debate legislation that would have allowed teachers to provide comprehensive sex education to students who had their parent 's permission .
Current state law says teachers can't advocate or endorse the use of contraceptive methods or devices , according to Bird .
" If you teach about chlamydia , " Bird said , " you 're allowed to say , ' This is a condom and this is chlamydia . '
The law would have allowed teachers to say , ' If you 're having sex , you can use a condom to prevent chlamydia .
Abstinence is the best way , but if you 're not abstinent , use a condom . ' "
EVERY DAY in Utah , 12 teenage girls between the ages of 15 and 19 become pregnant .
Chlamydia is the number one most reported communicable disease in the state , according to the Utah Department of Health .
In 2007 , there were 5,721 newly reported cases ; 3,748 of those cases ( 66 percent ) were diagnosed in individuals between the ages of 15 and 24 .
In Utah , you 're more likely to get chlamydia than chicken pox or the flu .
" Young girls are getting chlamydia , and they 're not learning about it until they might be infertile , " Emma Waitzman , an 18 - year - old senior at Salt Lake City 's West High School , told AlterNet .
" That 's morally wrong . "
Waitzman has spent the past year working to get comprehensive sex education in Utah schools by organizing students , confronting conservatives , starting a Facebook group for Comprehensive Sex Ed in Utah , attending legislative hearings , and meeting with legislators .
She 's told legislators about girls who had to switch schools because of unwanted pregnancies .
Another girl she knew had gonorrhea of the mouth .
" We talked to legislators who said , ' If you really want to share the information , then do it yourself , ' " she recalls .
" We said , ' No , it 's not our responsibility .
It 's yours . '
I could n't believe a grown man was saying this to me .
Are we going to have to teach ourselves ? "
A statewide poll conducted in September found that 67 percent of Utahans believe comprehensive sex ed would " likely reduce the number of unintended teen pregnancies . "
The poll was paid for by Planned Parenthood .
Waitzman says the students at her school are n't politically active , but this issue has raised awareness and interest .
The same applies to parents , says Lori Harward , founder of PTA Parents for Comprehensive Sex - Ed .
" This is a very hush - hush issue in Utah , " Harward told AlterNet .
" Even my good friends get defensive when I talk about it . "
Although she is religious and prefers teaching abstinence , Harward says it is irresponsible not to provide students with comprehensive sex ed .
" It 's time to speak out , " she said .
" We 're a predominantly LDS [ Latter - day Saints ] state .
It 's conservative here .
I am LDS myself .
I go to temple .
I totally believe in this church .
I believe in abstinence only , but I have four girls , and I would be a fool to think that all of my children are going to choose abstinence .
I grew up in this state , and almost everyone was having sex .
Let 's get real . "
Parents and students in favor of comprehensive sex education showed up on the day the Senate was supposed to debate the bill late last month , but instead of being asked to share their opinions and concerns , they were ignored .
" I felt so disrespected , " says Waitzman .
" Is this what politics is about ? "
Despite that disappointing experience , she organized a March for Sexual Education on March 6 in Salt Lake City and plans to continue the fight .
" The bill is still alive in the House .
We can't give up .
I have a feeling that they would like us to just go away , but that 's not going to happen . "
First published at Alternet.org .
From : kori_to_kukki
2010 -01 - 14 09:08 pm ( UTC )
seems like there 's definitely a reason why this newspaper is considered to be rubbish .
From : corridor7f
2010 -01 - 14 09:15 pm ( UTC )
I feel bad for wives of public figures - for some reason they always have to be there , yet get picked apart like you would n't believe .
Even the flattering stuff makes me sick - Michelle Obama ai n't a fashion icon , people , sorry .
From : halrenna
2010 -01 - 14 10:59 pm ( UTC )
Did you hear about the horrible things people were saying in ONTD about Pierce Brosnan 's wife because of her figure ? :(
Absolutely absolutely horrifying .
From : dernhelm1982
2010-01 -15 01:11 am ( UTC )
I feel badly for them too .
Everything from their hair to their bodies are picked apart , scruitinized , and mocked .
I think I 'd laugh like hell if one of them just turned around and gave the media the middle finger .
From : philstar22
2010 -01 - 15 02:50 am ( UTC )
Yes , this .
Also , their looks and style of dress are always the things most commented on .
Who cares what the president 's wife thinks about issues or is actually doing in her life .
Why do n't we discuss what clothes she was wearing yesterday and how our opinion on why she should n't have worn that somehow matters .
From : meriel_leirem
2010-01 -15 08:32 am ( UTC )
absolutely , and if you ask me the issue is even worse for female politicians .
Who cares what her hair looks like and what she 's wearing if she 's a head of state / minister / parlamentarian / senator ?
I do assume / hope she got that position because of her abilities , not because the voters wanted someone pretty to talk about .
( and they can't ever do it right either , I remember how people were gossiping when Angela Merkel did not care about her appearance and it only got worse when she finally had stylists during her campaign and even worse when she wore a dress once (! ) to an opera (! ) how daring !)
From : saciel
2010-01-15 02:56 pm ( UTC )
Angela Merkel is a feminists horror anyways .
First we could be lucky to have a female head of state , then they made PR of it : " Vote for ME !
Cause I have a VAGINA , just like you ! "
And people actually fell for it .
I talked to so many people who had no idea who Merkel was , what she ever did , what she was doing at that time and which program and ethics she followed .
They just saw : HAS VAGINA , MUST VOTE .
Ugh that made me feel so bad :/
And then the whole dress issue ... ew , she clothers herself now actually like a woman , how dare she to be well endowed ?
From : meriel_leirem
2010-01 -15 03:40 pm ( UTC )
absolutely , I do n't agree with many of her political opinions , but the situation was really ridiculous " omg , let 's vote her , she 's a woman , now we 're cool because we voted for a woman - oh no , now she actually looks like a woman , how horrible " , they like her if she 's " das Merkel " From : apis_cerana
2010 -01 - 14 10:01 pm ( UTC )
" Hängen " ?!
Lol
That 's some stupid bullshit right there .
Sad that there are quite a few assholes even among ~*~enlightened ~ *~
Switzerland . :(
From : meriel_leirem
2010 -01 - 14 10:28 pm ( UTC )
Nowadays women are well represented in our government , on any level , but enlightenment is still nowhere to be seen .
[ warning , I 'm leaving the topic of sexism now and talking about other politic al topics ;) ]
Just the last weeks there was a huge debate in the public and in the media because a conservative party ( we have 4 - 5 big and important parties , this is the biggest and the loudest , maybe there 's a connection there ) has lanced a campaign against the " german sleaze " at our universities and when professors protested they simply called the statement 200 professors signed against their campaign " left and marxist " and that was their argument .
This is the same party by the way which lanced and supported the initiative for a law against building minarets - it's not like we have a huge problem with muslims , there 's never been an extremist attack in Switzerland and we only have 4 minarets to begin with .
The initiative passed against all predictions with a majority of 58 % .
There 's really not a lot enlightenment to be seen in Switzerland lately , I 'm afraid .
( If you like Jon Stewart watch this : yes , the headline translates to " Ladina let her breasts hang " I 'm not sure you can call Switzerland enlightened .
Especially not concerning sexism .
Do you know when Switzerland introduced the women 's right to vote on state level ?
1971 .
But certain cantons did n't care , after someone finally sued , 20 years later , the last canton was forced to introduce it in 1991 , against the vote of the male citizens .
Nowadays women are well represented in our government , on any level , but enlightenment is still nowhere to be seen .
[ warning , I 'm leaving the topic of sexism now and talking about other politic al topics ;) ]
Just the last weeks there was a huge debate in the public and in the media because a conservative party ( we have 4 - 5 big and important parties , this is the biggest and the loudest , maybe there 's a connection there ) has lanced a campaign against the " german sleaze " at our universities and when professors protested they simply called the statement 200 professors signed against their campaign " left and marxist " and that was their argument .
This is the same party by the way which lanced and supported the initiative for a law against building minarets - it's not like we have a huge problem with muslims , there 's never been an extremist attack in Switzerland and we only have 4 minarets to begin with .
The initiative passed against all predictions with a majority of 58 % .
There 's really not a lot enlightenment to be seen in Switzerland lately , I 'm afraid .
( If you like Jon Stewart watch this : http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/thu-december-3-2009/oliver-s-travels---switzerland
From : apis_cerana
2010 -01 - 14 10:41 pm ( UTC )
Ugh , that is sickening . :(
I did n't know womens ' sufferage was introduced THAT late .
Even my home country of Japan , which some folks in the west see as having sexist practices , started letting women vote in 1945 .
The whole anti-Muslim ( and in some cases African ) sentiments in European countries really gets to me because it 's clearly xenophobic / racist even when they pretend that it 's not .
From : meriel_leirem
2010 -01 - 14 11:04 pm ( UTC )
and your second point is absolutely true , and I sometimes feel it 's especially bad in Switzerland , just compare it with Germany 's NPD , an extreme right wing party which only has n't been outlawed yet because they want to be able to keep an eye on them , a many of their supporters are known as neo -nazis and there 's regularly outrage about their campaigns and ideas .
It 's just that some those ideas and campaigns are n't that far away from those of the SVP , which plays an important role in Swiss politics .
In fact the NPD has already gotten in trouble in the past for " stealing " the ideas for poster - ads from the SVP , to be more concrete the " sheep - poster " where you can see white sheep kicking out black sheep .
Which of course only plays on the symbol of the " black sheep " , not on skin colour , that 's what they say .
And minarets are missiles .
Just look at this list :
http://www.ipu.org/wmn-e/suffrage.htm and be shocked that this many countries could introduce the right to vote before a country that is well known for it 's democratic tradition :( and your second point is absolutely true , and I sometimes feel it 's especially bad in Switzerland , just compare it with Germany 's NPD , an extreme right wing party which only has n't been outlawed yet because they want to be able to keep an eye on them , a many of their supporters are known as neo -nazis and there 's regularly outrage about their campaigns and ideas .
It 's just that some those ideas and campaigns are n't that far away from those of the SVP , which plays an important role in Swiss politics .
In fact the NPD has already gotten in trouble in the past for " stealing " the ideas for poster - ads from the SVP , to be more concrete the " sheep - poster " where you can see white sheep kicking out black sheep .
Which of course only plays on the symbol of the " black sheep " , not on skin colour , that 's what they say .
And minarets are missiles .
From : saciel
2010-01-15 02:59 pm ( UTC )
thats the problem , in Poland , the Netherlands , Belgium , Italy , Austra and Switzerland are many NPD like organisations very , very powerful .
But nobody cares because everyone looks only at Germany .
( Sadly , in the past 10 years it 's all like Weimar Republic again , the news act out against left - wings , while obviously right - wing criminals are pardoned ) From : akai_senshi
2010 -01 - 14 10:14 pm ( UTC )
Three words : Tabloids .
Are. Stupid .
And the headline that she " let her boobs hang out " was a little ...erm ... crass .
( Deleted comment ) From : meriel_leirem
2010-01 - 14 11:44 pm ( UTC )
the picture is from the gallery of the japanese brand fairy wish ( http://fairy-wish.com/ ) , I do n't own anything from that brand ( yet ) , but I love their things From : sexyhorny
2010-01-15 05:36 pm ( UTC )
pretty stuff :)
But the prices ...
O.o From : sexyhorny
2010-01-15 03:22 pm ( UTC )
Yeah they look totally normal to me as well :/ I do n't see anything wrong .
It annoys me how certain magazine columnists discuss and criticize bodies of others , like how they look and always pick on something and especially private parts like boobs .
I think maybe columnist is jealous she has cute husband or something XD
It 's exactly what the title says .
Although I would have liked to see the Rubik 's cube a little more mixed up .
Jesus -- what is this , amateur hour ?
Youtube
Thanks to b00 geyman , who can balance 16 books on his head , solve two Rubik 's cubes and recite pi to 1,000 digits .
Now that 's a headlining act .
In the United States , we need a religious bill of rights about as much as we need a white people 's bill of rights , or a men 's bill of rights .
That is , not at all : when 90 + percent of the country claims to be religious , you pretty much run the joint anyway .
Worse , we hardly need something like this for public schools .
There already are pretty clear laws about how religion can and cannot be treated in the schools .
Still , that has n't stopped people in Colorado from proposing just such a bill for public schools in the state legislature , a bill which may be presented to the Judiciary Committee as early as Monday , today .
Note that this bill represents an act and not a law .
Nothing in it is legally enforceable , as far as I can tell .
Good thing , too .
The bill is ridiculous in a lot of ways , but two things stand out : one is that it simply is n't needed -- most of the rights it seems so concerned over are already guaranteed and under no threat at all -- and the other is that it oversteps the bounds maintained by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution .
Below are some choice bits of the bill , with what I think is my more reality - based opinion on them .
The bill itself IS IN ALL CAPS , so you can read it as if the person is shouting at you if you 'd like .
I wo n't bother debunking the basis claimed for the need for such a bill -- they claim religion is under attack in this country , which is patently ridiculous .
Instead , here is an example of a bit that is unneeded :
THE RELIGIOUS BILL OF RIGHTS FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL STUDENTS AND THEIR PARENTS OR GUARDIANS SHALL INCLUDE , BUT NEED NOT BE LIMITED TO , A DECLARATION THAT A PUBLIC SCHOOL STUDENT HAS AN INALIENABLE RIGHT TO : ( I) EXPRESS HIS OR HER RELIGIOUS BELIEFS ON A PUBLIC SCHOOL CAMPUS OR AT A SCHOOL - SPONSORED EVENT TO THE SAME EXTENT AS HE OR SHE MAY EXPRESS A PERSONAL SECULAR VIEWPOINT ;
There are many such statements in the bill , and I 'm cool with them , since all of them fall under a student 's Constitutionally guaranteed freedom of speech .
Stating this is like stating they should be allowed to breathe or have their heart beat .
By putting that up front and center , the bill crafters make it seem like this freedom is in jeopardy .
It is n't .
However , if a teacher or other school official were to do this , that would be a different matter entirely .
As we 'll see below .
[ Students also have the inalienable right to ] WEAR RELIGIOUS GARB ON A PUBLIC SCHOOL CAMPUS , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLOTHING WITH A RELIGIOUS MESSAGE ;
Now this one 's interesting !
I wonder how the folks sponsoring this bill would feel if a kid wore a " Satan rules my soul ! " shirt to class .
Or a turban .
Anyway , here 's where it gets sticky :
[ A student may ] EXPRESS HIS OR HER RELIGIOUS BELIEFS OR SELECT RELIGIOUS MATERIALS WHEN RESPONDING TO A SCHOOL ASSIGNMENT IF HIS OR HER RESPONSE REASONABLY MEETS THE EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE OF THE ASSIGNMENT ;
Yeah , that word " reasonably " opens a can of worms .
What happens when a creationist kid does n't want to say anything about evolution or the Big Bang ?
If I were a science teacher and a student said the Universe is 6000 years old , I would mark that answer as wrong ( why ?
Because it is ) .
That will lead to some fun with the parents , no doubt .
Now again , the student already has the ability to do this .
But this somewhat amplifies the situation , and will lead to students thinking they have a right to not be marked down for wrong answers if they are religiously - based .
Think I 'm overly extrapolating this ?
Think again .
But the biggest grievance I have with this ridiculous declaration is this one :
[ A teacher shall ] NOT BE REQUIRED TO TEACH A TOPIC THAT VIOLATES HIS OR HER RELIGIOUS BELIEFS AND NOT BE DISCIPLINED FOR REFUSING TO TEACH THE TOPIC ;
To be blunt , this is unacceptable .
If you are a biology teacher and refuse to teach evolution ,
then you should be disciplined at the very least
.
If you still refuse to teach it , then you can either be given a different class to teach , or face termination .
Teachers are obligated by their job duties to teach standards - based curricula , and if they refuse , they are in dereliction of their duty as teachers .
Teachers have certain religious rights , of course , but do n't have the right to not teach a kid something that is true because of their own religion .
There are religions that teach that women are inferior , that blacks are inferior .
Will a history teacher refuse to teach about the women 's rights movement , or the civil rights movement , because of their own beliefs ?
Some religions -- I wo n't name names here -- believe that sexual education is eeevil .
If you 're a health teacher and refuse to teach about reproductive health , then in my opinion you should face the consequences of your decision .
This is where I think declarations of rights like this are dangerous .
It 's a slippery slope , and a steep one .
And the most pernicious part of all this is it's clear that the motivation behind this bill is not in the name of religious freedom and tolerance , it's in the name of freedom and tolerance for one specific religion .
As I point out above , I do n't think a radical Muslim would be treated the same way under this declaration as a Christian would .
While that may be outside the scope of the bill , it 's important to keep in mind .
In the end , this bill does n't have the weight of law , but by simply proposing it -- and enacting it , which will take time and materials -- it 's a waste of taxpayer money , especially when the vast majority of what it 's stating is already within the existing legislation .
If the religious groups are so worried about this sort of thing , then they should pay for this effort on their own time , and give out flyers in church .
Doing this through the legislative branch -- and , in fact , the whole bill itself -- is a bad idea .
If this bill gets out of the Judiciary Committee it will be presented to the Senate for debate and eventually a vote .
I 've already contacted my local Senator about this .
If you live in Colorado , I urge you to do likewise .
Remember :
Tip o' the wall o' separation to the Boulder Atheists
My main site is You can be interested in http://lispbook.com too .
There ’s been a lot of talk about the possibility of some sort of physical game controller for the iPhone and iPod Touch .
While there have been a few announcements , none of the projects have ever come to market .
We never heard for certain , though we ’d heard suggestions that Apple might not have previously been allowing official SDK - supported versions to be approved .
22 moo seems confident that they will get approved and recently released a new rendering of their planned game controlled hardware add - on .
The redesigned device is said to include stereo speakers , omni direction mic , built in lithium battery , and 30 - pin connector .
More exciting is a note from Manomio ’s Stuart Carnie that they are working with 22 moo to support the Gamebone in their C64 emulator in the App Store — and according to Carnie this will be an official solution that does not require jailbreaking .
There is some ongoing debate about the point of such controllers for native iPhone games .
Why do you want to carry an extra accessory around with you ?
But I think emulators are a clear use example as people do want to relive their emulated games without working with touch - screen controls ,
I have n't been able to bring myself to blog on the Iraq inquiry since last Friday , when we were all transfixed by Tony Blair 's defiant and unrepentant testimony .
Sir John Chilcot and his team of long - winded , deferential establishment worthies did a stunningly inept and incomplete job , allowing our former premier -- as is his nature -- to duck , weave , dodge , distort and evade .
I felt like throwing my remote control at the television .
Here 's Bob Marshall - Andrews , Labour MP and Queen 's Counsel , writing in the Guardian :
Answer after answer descended into self - serving waffle of total irrelevance .
His love of America , his closeness to President Clinton , his admiration for the armed forces , the indescribable nastiness of Saddam , " the calculus of risk " ( what ? ) , his experience as a junior barrister , even his silly asides to Fern Britton expanded endlessly to suffocate meaning .
No one demanded a straight answer .
No one deplored the obvious strategy of delay .
In the morass , essential questions surfaced briefly , were avoided and remained , amazingly , ignored .
Question : " Had President Chirac phoned to say that his position was being misrepresented out of context ? "
Answer : " I remember speaking to Chirac on a number of occasions . "
Yes ?
And ?
What is the answer ?
We will never know , as the examination drifted gently on to another topic , and obscurity remained .
The most unforgivable , outrageous and bizarre moment of the day occurred when Blair , for some inexplicable reason , volunteered the following revelation about his all - important meeting with George W Bush in Crawford , Texas , back in April 2002 :
As I recall that discussion , it was less to do with specifics about what we were going to do on Iraq or , indeed , the Middle East , because the Israel issue was a big , big issue at the time .
I think , in fact , I remember , actually , there may have been conversations that we had even with Israelis , the two of us , whilst we were there .
So that was a major part of all this .
Blair and Bush had " conversations " with " Israelis " while they were alone in Crawford , having a behind - closed - doors , private meeting about Iraq ?
Which Israelis ?
Were they present , or on the phone ?
Did the Israelis express a view about Saddam Hussein , WMDs or " regime change " ?
How many other Iraq - related meetings or discussions were the Israelis involved in ?
The answer to all these questions is : DUNNO !
The committee members did n't ask him .
There were no follow - ups .
They simply . . . moved on .
And so , too , did the media .
I have n't yet seen the " Israelis at Crawford " story reported in any national newspaper .
Apart from a brief reference by Seumas Milne on the Guardian 's Comment is Free website , there has been no coverage of this story in the mainstream media .
So were the Israelis agitating for war against Iraq , and was Israel a factor in the Bush administration 's decision to unilaterally and illegally invade Iraq in 2003 ?
Opinion has always been split on the anti-war side .
But Professors John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt , in their much - discussed London Review of Books essay " The Israel Lobby " , back in 2006 , made a persuasive case for the argument that Israel , and the pro-Israeli lobby , were key players on the road to war :
Britain 's first Asian judge has called for Sikhs to be allowed to wear their ceremonial daggers to school .
The comments by Sir Mota Singh QC , come after a number of cases of Sikhs being banned from wearing the daggers – known as kirpans – and other religious artefacts in schools or workplaces .
" Not allowing someone who is baptised to wear a kirpan is not right , " Singh told the BBC Asian Network .
" I see no objection to a young Sikh girl or boy , who 's been baptised , being allowed to wear their kirpan if that 's what they want to do . "
In October last year a Sikh police officer won a discrimination case against Greater Manchester police after being told to remove his turban for riot training .
In the same month a 14 - year - old Sikh boy was banned from wearing his Kirpan – which under Sikhism is one of five " articles of faith " which must be carried at all times – to his school in Barnet , London .
In 2006 , schoolgirl Sarika Watkins - Singh won a high court judgment allowing her to wear the kara , a slim steel bracelet which she argued was central to her faith , to her school in south Wales .
She had previously been excluded for breaking a " no jewellery " rule after refusing to remove the bangle .
" The girl not allowed to wear the kara is a petty thing for the administrators to have done and it does n't do them any good , " Singh said .
" It is the right of every young girl and boy to be educated at the school of their choice .
For him or her to be refused admission on that sort of ground , as far as I 'm concerned , is quite wrong . "
Singh , who was awarded a knighthood in the 2010 New Year honours list , said he wore a kirpan .
" I 've always worn it for the last 35 to 40 years , even when I was sitting in court or visiting public buildings , including Buckingham Palace . " .
In addition to the kara and kirpan , the other articles of faith are kesh ( uncut hair ) , kanga ( a wooden comb used for keeping hair in place under the turban ) and kachera ( specially designed cotton underwear ) .
The kirpan , which can range in length but is commonly 7.5 cm ( 3in ) long , is carried in a sheath and strapped to the body , usually under clothing .
Cellphone conversations do n't just interfere with driving .
Driving dents the capacity to describe and remember cellphone messages , at least for some of the youngest and oldest drivers , a new study finds .
Routine driving impedes a person 's ability to relay information from a cellphone call accurately to a conversation partner and to remember key elements of that information , say psychologist Gary Dell of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and his colleagues .
Although many drivers regard talking while cruising a straightaway as no harder than walking while chewing gum , “ that intuition is incorrect , ” Dell says .
Both older and younger drivers seated next to a passenger and operating a vehicle in a simulator had more difficulty correctly retelling brief stories , versus retelling stories while sitting in an unmoving " car , " the researchers report in the February Psychonomic Bulletin & Review .
Participants , especially those over age 60 , remembered less about stories after simulated driving than after sitting in the unmoving car .
That might reflect a greater emphasis on defensive driving among older drivers .
Driving skills , such as rapid reactions to approaching vehicles in intersections , also took a hit while retelling the stories , the investigators say .
Earlier studies have reported that driving worsens while talking on cellphones or sending text messages .
These new findings challenge the belief that work productivity benefits by conducting important conversations , such as business negotiations , while commuting .
" Safety concerns aside , if the quality of a conversation matters to your business , then it is best to reserve your conversation for times when you are not operating a motor vehicle , " remarks psychologist David Strayer of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
Strayer studies the impact of cellphone use on driving skills .
Dell 's team studied 96 pairs of adults , each consisting of a driver and a partner .
Half the volunteers ranged in age from 18 to 21 ; the rest were in their 60s and 70s .
Drivers sat in a car facing a projection screen that allowed them to navigate through a virtual city .
They were told to drive down a city street and through several busy intersections while obeying a speed limit of 30 miles per hour , staying in the center of the lane and stopping at stop signs .
After an initial trip without talking , drivers on subsequent trips listened to and then retold a series of 10 - to 20 - second stories heard over a hands - free headphone .
Partners did the same during other trips .
In another condition , drivers and passengers listened to and retold stories in an unmoving car .
Drivers but not passengers in a " moving " simulator retold a smaller number of central story elements , such as the nature of a robbery .
They described nearly 70 percent of story elements correctly in an unmoving car , as did passengers .
That figure fell to 60 percent while driving on straightaways and to 50 percent while going through intersections .
Passengers ' accuracy at retelling stories remained the same regardless of condition .
Story retelling in the new study roughly corresponds to a driver or passenger listening to a half - minute podcast or cellphone message and then relaying that information along , Dell says .
Actual driving presents dangers that divert attention from what ’s said more than virtual driving does , he adds .
Image : Indiana_Stan / Flickr
President Funes said he was seeking forgiveness on behalf of the State
El Salvador 's President Mauricio Funes has issued an official apology for the murder of Archbishop Oscar Romero by a right - wing death squad 30 years ago .
Mr Funes , the first left - wing leader since the country 's civil war ended in 1992 , said Archbishop Romero was a " victim of illegal violence " .
Archbishop Romero was shot dead as he celebrated Mass on 24 March 1980 .
He was a champion of the poor and had made repeated calls for an end to political violence in El Salvador .
VIOLENCE FORETOLD 1977 : Appointed Archbishop of San Salvador 1979 : Bloodless coup by reformist army officers ; military - civilian junta installed but army - backed violence continues February 1980 : Romero urges US President Jimmy Carter to reconsider offer of aid to junta .
Carter refuses 23 Mar 1980 : Romero tells soldiers they are killing their own people 24 Mar 1980 : Romero murdered in church
Romero's legacy
" I am seeking pardon in the name of the state , " Mr Funes said as he unveiled a mural honouring Oscar Romero at El Salvador 's international airport .
The archbishop , he said , was a victim of right - wing death squads " who unfortunately acted with the protection , collaboration or participation of state agents " .
In 1993 a United Nations - sponsored truth commission concluded the archbishop 's assassination was carried out by a death squad under the orders of Roberto D'Aubuisson , a former army officer who died in 1992 .
He founded the Nationalist Republican Alliance , or Arena Party , which governed El Salvador from 1989 until 2009 .
Arena never accepted the commission 's findings .
No -one has ever been convicted in connection with Archbishop Romero 's murder .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Zingari in Fera
Jerusalem Post staff and AP contributed to this report .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi lashed out at the Goldstone Report on Wednesday during a special session of the Knesset held to welcome the Italian leader , saying that the report tried to “ incriminate Israel for its legitimate response ” to rocket attacks from Gaza .
In the course of his address to the Knesset , Berlusconi expressed hope that Israel and the Palestinians would soon resume peace talks , but blasted Iran , telling MKs that the world “ cannot accept ” a nuclear - armed Iran and defended the Jewish state ’s much - criticized war against Hamas in Gaza last year .
From the podium of the Knesset , Berlusconi called on the international community to pursue stronger sanctions against Teheran , which Italy , like Israel , suspects is developing nuclear weapons .
“ We cannot accept the nuclearization of a country whose leaders have explicitly expressed their desire to destroy Israel , have denied the Holocaust and delegitimized the Jewish state , ” Berlusconi said , in remarks translated into Hebrew simultaneously .
“ We can not make compromises , ” he said .
“ The path that must be taken is multilateral oversight , negotiations and sanctions ” against Iran .
Berlusconi has repeatedly criticized the Islamic Republic during his three - day visit to Israel .
On Tuesday , he announced that Italy had cut business ties with Iran by a third since 2007 , noting that Italian energy giant ENI had decided not to extend an existing contract to develop an important oil field in Iran .
Speaking before Berlusconi , Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin complimented Berlusconi on his ambition to include Israel in the European Union , but emphasized that “ Italy , as a state that borders the Mediterranean and is located within the range of the nuclear rockets , has more urgent and essential mission for us , the Israelis : to awaken Europe from its coma , to present before Europe the threat in its full severity ; to reveal the Satanic , monstrous and dangerous foundations located at the base of the Teheran regime ’s infrastructure .
To warn Italy ’s European neighbors that time is running out , and that the time has come to exchange words for actions .
” Opposition leader Tzipi Livni ( Kadima ) also welcomed Italy ’s continued support of Israel .
“ When Israel is facing difficult times , it sees those who remain silent , ignore , or criticize – as well as those who are doing the right thing without hesitation or vacillation , and you are one of the few who has expressed , in a clear and strong voice , the deep cooperation between Italy and Israel .
” Berlusconi ’s speech before lawmakers , an honor bestowed on few world leaders , was a sign of the friendship between the two nations that has grown much closer under his stewardship .
The Italian leader drew a warm round of applause when he declared : “ We , the free and liberal people across the world , thank you ( Israel ) for your very existence .
” Before Berlusconi spoke , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed him “ as a courageous leader who always stands by Israel ’s side .
” He concluded a speech filled with praise for Berlusconi with a story of a heavily pregnant Italian woman who confronted a German officer during World War II and , at great peril to her own life , persuaded him to let an arrested Jewish woman go .
This woman ’s actions “ saved the life of the Jewish woman and cast , if only for a brief moment , a scintilla of humanity and courage upon the great darkness that enveloped the whole of Europe at that time , ” Netanyahu said .
“ That courageous woman ’s name was Rosa .
And one of her children is called Silvio Berlusconi , today the prime minister of Italy , ” the prime minister said .
Netanyahu concluded his remarks by telling Berlusconi that , “ We appreciate you .
We embrace you .
We love you .
” The two men embraced , and the Italian leader took out a white handkerchief to wipe tears from his eyes .
Wednesday marked the second anniversary of Rosa Bossi Berlusconi ’s death .
Later Wednesday , the Italian premier attended a luncheon that President Shimon Peres hosted in his honor at Beit Hanassi .
Berlusconi was charmed by singer Rita ’s electric yet saucily audacious rendition of “ Chi Vuol la Zingerella ” from Giovanni Paisiello ’s opera .
He sat entranced , with his chin cupped in his hand , and a broad smile lighting his face as he listened .
“ Bravo ! ” he said loudly when Rita was introduced to him after the performance , and kissed her on both cheeks .
The dapper looking Berlusconi came in for lots of applause during the day .
After earning much acclamation in the Knesset in the morning , Berlusconi was greeted with great enthusiasm as he entered Beit Hanassi and subsequently came in for additional accolades from Peres and from the distinguished gathering of government ministers , parliamentarians , diplomats , judiciary and other dignitaries who had been invited to the luncheon .
Peres , in praising Berlusconi ’s address to the Knesset , which he described as “ warm , noble courageous and visionary ” said “ on such a stormy day outside you brought warmth to the State of Israel which loves Italy and loves Italians .
” Referring to his Knesset address , Berlusconi said that it was the first time that he had read from a prepared speech .
As a rule , he is a spontaneous speaker , “ but this time I wanted to weigh every word to ensure that the people of Israel would understand how much I and Italy care about Israel .
We love Israel and the Jewish people , regardless of political affiliation .
” Berlusconi related how he felt for Israel and particularly for Italian dual - nationals with Israeli citizenship during terrorist attacks .
From Beit Hanassi Berlusconi proceeded to meetings with leaders of the Palestinian Authority .
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu had given him a lot of ideas with regard to these meetings , Berlusconi revealed , adding that he had also spoken to former prime minister Ehud Olmert and to Quartet envoy Tony Blair .
As had been his policy in the past said Berlusconi , he would encourage economic development in the Palestinian Authority , this time with a view to aiding the resumption of peace negotiations .
Speaking in Bethlehem , Berlusconi said , “ just as it ’s right to cry for the victims of the Shoah , it ’s right to show pain for what happened in Gaza . ”
The report reminds workers of ' the Met 's clear desk policy ' - meaning everything on your desk must be filed away by the end of each day so cleaners can do their jobs .
A CHINESE cannibal allegedly killed an 11 - year - old boy and ate his brain in order to cure his epilepsy .
It was said that Wang Chaoxu , of Qixian village in Yunnan , southwest China , believed an old wives ' tale that eating a child 's brain could cure fits .
Police said the boy , Li Xuetang , was found buried nearly 5 km away in a grain field in a neighbouring village , The Sun reports .
The top of his head was peeled back and part of his brain removed , The Sun reported .
Heartbroken mum Yu Chaohu became anxious when her son disappeared late at night .
She said : " It was getting dark , but I could n't find my son anywhere in the village .
" I even asked the village head to broadcast on the radio to ask my son to come back home for dinner . "
A few hours later Li was found , after a villager Zhang Huansheng saw a man kneeling over him , and holding him by the neck .
The boy 's mum was desperate to see her son but was told the body was too badly damaged .
Yu added , " I can't bear to think about what happened to him .
I have nightmares thinking about it . "
Wang Wenzhong , the village leader , found two blood stained rocks in the field and some fractured bones , before the boy 's body was discovered buried nearby .
Wang Chaoxu was arrested and told police he believed eating the brain with earthworms and ants would cure his illness .
Wang said he was married to a nurse , but she left him because his illness meant he was unable to work .
It was claimed a three - year - old girl , who was reported missing on the same day , may also be one of his victims .
The girl was found dead in public toilets with a knife cut to her head .
Police are investigating whether the cases are linked .
Read more at The Sun online .
OK , who forgot to send out the announcement about
being filmed in Northwest Portland ?
That 's about the only explanation for what I saw on Northwest 23rd Avenue this morning : A man on an all - black motorcycle , decked out in full samurai gear , with two sheathed swords at the ready behind him .
No joking .
Just watch the video .
I was filming footage of the popular shopping district 's ongoing reconstruction when the mystery road warrior pulled up at 23rd and Everett .
As you can see , his face is completely covered by the samurai helmet .
I was n't about to ask him if that complies with Oregon 's helmet laws , only to have him slice me a new head hole .
Obviously more stunned than amused , the flagger flipped her sign from " stop " to " slow , " and the samurai rider zoomed off .
Of course , stranger things have been seen in Portland .
After all , it was this time last year when people reported the good deeds of
.
Whatever happened to him ?
Maybe he 's switched to a bad - ass motorbike .
Either way , my guess is the sight of the samurai motoring around Portland 's streets , his two swords standing upright like antennas , freaked the H- E - Double Hockey Sticks out of a few commuters today .
Actually , a quick Google search found that the motorbike samurai has been creeping out Portlanders for a couple years .
According to
, librarian Charles Wood wrote a letter to then - Mayor Tom Potter after spotting the ninja in downtown .
The response from the mayor 's office : Motorcycling ninja's have rights too .
Jeremy Van Keuren , Potter 's public advocate wrote :
" By all appearances , the samurai is not breaking any laws ( including carrying a sword ) and does not pose any immediate threat .
Provided that the samurai does not engage in threatening behavior , the samurai is welcome in Portland . "
Apparently , Mayor Sam Adams also has no beef with this guys , um , hobby .
" I 've seen him before , " said Roy Kaufmann , the mayor 's spokesman .
" As long as he's not a public safety issue , he 's welcome in Portland . "
Asked whether she has received any complaints about the
on the Suzuki , Adams ' Public Advocate Amy Stephens said , " No . But I wish had . "
Seriously , what 's this guy 's story ?
--
, Twitter :
Alan Wake on PC was so obscure that I did n't know it was supposed to be happening , but now it 's definitely not .
It was revealed that the " psychological action thriller " from Remedy was no longer coming to PC , as previously promised , and that just sucks .
A PC version was expected to arrive after the launch of the Xbox 360 version , but Microsoft has confirmed that such plans are now scrapped .
The decision was apparently based upon atmospheric , rather than logistic concerns .
Alan
Wake just plays better on a couch in front of the TV screen , claims the publisher .
" Some games are more suited for the intimacy of the PC , and others are best played from the couch in front of a larger TV screen , " states Microsoft .
" We ultimately realised that the most compelling way to experience Alan Wake was on the Xbox 360 platform , so we focused on making it an Xbox 360 exclusive .
Both Microsoft and Remedy have long histories in PC game development .
This decision was about matching this specific game to the right platform . "
Of course , many PC gamers can and will argue that it's not very hard to play PC games on a TV while sitting on the couch , but I would n't expect Microsoft to listen .
Like Dead Space 2 , this is yet another game deemed too good for the lowly PC crowd .
It 's looking like a worrying trend could start .
Microsoft : Alan
Wake will no longer be coming to PC [ Strategy Informer ]
New research from the Monell Center reports that children 's response to intense sweet taste is related to both a family history of alcoholism and the child 's own self - reports of depression .
The findings illustrate how liking for sweets differs among children based on underlying familial and biological factors .
" We know that sweet taste is rewarding to all kids and makes them feel good , " said study lead author Julie A. Mennella , PhD , a developmental psychobiologist at Monell .
" In addition , certain groups of children may be especially attracted to intense sweetness due to their underlying biology . "
Because sweet taste and alcohol activate many of the same reward circuits in the brain , the researchers examined the sweet preferences of children with a genetic predisposition to alcoholism .
They also studied the influence of depression , hypothesizing that children with depressive symptoms might have a greater affinity for sweets because sweets make them feel better .
In the study , published online in the journal Addiction , 300 children between 5 and 12 years of age tasted five levels of sucrose ( table sugar ) in water to determine their most preferred level of sweetness .
The children also were asked questions to assess the presence of depressive symptoms , while their mothers reported information on family alcohol use .
Nearly half ( 49 percent ) of the children had a family history of alcoholism , based on having a parent , sibling , grandparent , aunt or uncle who had received a diagnosis of alcohol dependence .
Approximately one - quarter were classified as exhibiting depressive symptoms .
advertisement
Liking for intense sweetness was greatest in the 37 children having both a positive family history of alcoholism and also reporting depressive symptoms .
The most liked level of sweetness for these children was 24 percent sucrose , which is equivalent to about 14 teaspoons of sugar in a cup of water and more than twice the level of sweetness in a typical cola .
This was one third more intense than the sweetness level preferred by the other children , which was 18 percent sucrose .
Mennella noted that the findings do not necessarily mean that there is a relationship between early sweet preferences and alcoholism later in life .
" At this point , we do n't know whether this higher ' bliss point ' for sweets is a marker for later alcohol use , " she said .
Previous studies have suggested that sweets may help to alleviate depressive symptoms in adults .
In a similar vein , sweets are rewarding to children not only because they taste good , but also because they act as analgesics to reduce pain .
Because of this , the study also examined the ability of sweet taste to reduce pain in the children by measuring the amount of time they could keep their hand submerged in a tub of cold water ( 10° C / 50° F ) while holding either sucrose or water in their mouth .
The sucrose acted as an effective analgesic for the non-depressed children , who kept their hands in the cold water bath for 36 percent longer when holding sucrose in the mouth .
However , the researchers found that sucrose had no effect on the pain threshold of children reporting depressive symptoms .
These children kept their hand in the cold water bath for the same amount of time regardless of whether they had water or sucrose in their mouths .
" It may be that even higher levels of sweetness are needed to make depressed children feel better , " said Mennella .
Citing global initiatives to promote a healthier diet lower in refined sugars , Mennella notes that the current findings highlight the need for additional research to identify whether these clusters of children will require different strategies to help them reduce their intake of sweets .
M. Yanina Pepino , Sara Lehmann - Castor , and Lauren Yourshaw also contributed to the research , which was funded by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism and the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development .
As Geoff Donaldson sprinted across a barren southern Illinois crop field at dusk on January 26 , 2007 , he breathed aloud a prayer : " Lord , please make me invisible . "
The 35 - year - old uniformed officer of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service was trying to wriggle into his Ghillie suit , full - body camouflage that makes a turkey hunter resemble a mossy tree stump .
He was n't hunting turkey that evening , though .
He was stalking a thief .
And , after a year of cat - and - mouse , Donaldson wanted his man .
In March 2006 Donaldson received a tip : A car was often seen parked on private land near a remote corner of Cypress Creek National Wildlife Refuge , about 25 miles east of Cape Girardeau .
He found the vehicle , peeked inside and found some hand - digging tools .
People sometimes gather ginseng in these parts , he knew .
But something did n't feel right .
The next day Donaldson was hiking along a creek bottom when he spied a man up on a ridge spur below a bluff acting " skittish . "
His name was Leslie Jones , 46 , of Johnson County , Illinois .
Jones had facial hair , Donaldson recalls , and a trim , muscular physique , " the picture of an axman . "
Among tall oaks and maple trees , Jones kept hunkering over something , then glancing up .
Donaldson dropped out of sight and tried to sneak in for a closer look .
When he arrived a few minutes later , Jones was gone , though his handiwork remained : Hundreds of square yards of federal soil were torn up .
" It looked like hogs had gotten into it , " Donaldson recalls .
He noted several piles of broken spear points and stone chips .
It appeared that Jones , for months , had been systematically unearthing Native American artifacts .
Picking up an arrowhead or digging a small hole on federal property might lead to a citation , but looting that causes damage in excess of $ 500 is a felony .
Donaldson contacted the U.S. attorney 's office , which listed the evidence they 'd need for a felony conviction : a video of Jones excavating the material , then pocketing it and returning home .
" You 've got to be kidding me , " Donaldson thought .
For the next ten months , he and his colleagues spent more than 300 man-hours spread out in the woods , waiting for Jones .
Digital cameras at the ready , they sat on watch through sweltering summer humidity and cold winter rains .
Sometimes , officers from the U.S. Forest Service or Illinois ' Department of Natural Resources joined the party .
" We kept just missing him , " Donaldson groans .
Around 4 a.m. on that late January day in 2007 , the team took up positions in the shadows of the forest .
Hours crawled by and still no sign of the thief .
Late that afternoon Donaldson radioed to the others : Pack it up .
On their drive back to the staging area in Marion , Illinois , word came that Jones ' car was parked near the refuge .
Donaldson , a devout Christian and father of two , remembers racing back to Cypress Creek under a darkening sky , praying to keep calm .
" The idea is to become one with nature , " he says .
He reached the top of the bluff and scanned below for Jones .
Nothing .
Then he inched down the slope toward Jones ' " honey hole " — the site of the most intense digging .
A tedious half - hour later , he was standing smack in the middle of it .
All was quiet for several moments .
Then he heard the thrashing of leaves .
Donaldson peered over his left shoulder and froze .
A mere twenty feet away , Leslie Jones had stopped in his tracks .
He was gripping a hand shovel and staring at Donaldson 's neck .
The officer assumed his cover was blown and prepared to show his badge .
But Jones only blinked , looked past him and trudged off to dig someplace else .
The camouflage had worked .
" It was a heart - pounding experience , " Donaldson recalls .
He shot enough incriminating video of Jones to secure a search warrant .
When federal and state agents raided Jones ' residence the next day , they discovered thousands of artifacts stored in old ammunition boxes , coolers and paint buckets .
Archaeologists later determined that 900 artifacts came from the refuge .
A third of these were stone tools left by Native Americans that no human hands had likely touched since about 1,000 B.C. , or earlier , the scientists reported .
But authorities also seized an additional 12,000 Indian artifacts of uncertain origin .
Among these were needles and hooks made from animal bone , clay figurines , pottery shards and something more unsettling : fragments of human skulls , femurs , jaws and teeth .
" It was particularly disturbing that there was no hesitation picking up human remains , " says Tim Santel , a Fish and Wildlife special agent .
Jones confessed to making money off the stolen artifacts by selling them to collectors .
" He may have gotten spear points worth hundreds of dollars , " suggests Mark Wagner , a Southern Illinois University Carbondale archaeologist who evaluated the seized items .
" We do n't know .
They 've all disappeared into this dealer network . "
Leslie Jones was a familiar face to local law enforcement , having been arrested twice in Johnson County for growing marijuana on someone else 's land .
" I assume he was selling it , " says Sheriff Elry Faulkner .
That he was mixed up in the illicit trade for both artifacts and drugs was no isolated incident .
Folks have been picking around for arrowheads throughout the Midwest for generations .
But now , archaeologists report that a nefarious breed of looter is stripping history wholesale from public and private soil .
The worst ones are essentially grave robbers who come armed , often in the dark of night , to plunder Native American burial grounds .
Some hawk the artifacts on eBay or other sites .
Others use them as currency for drugs .
Deep in the Ozark Mountains , where authorities say the methamphetamine epidemic is again gaining steam , addicts known as " twiggers " ( tweakers who dig ) have been mining rock shelters and caves for anything of value — possibly even skeletal remains .
The weird nexus between looting and meth has been noted by experts for several years , especially in the Pacific Northwest .
Today , these shady characters are leaving their footprints in America 's heartland .
" What 's really frustrating is that archaeological sites are nonrenewable , " says Neal Lopinot , a Missouri State University archaeologist .
" Once they 're destroyed , that 's it .
They 're gone . "
The bluff line running south from Cahokia Mounds to Dupo , Illinois , is " crawling " with archaeological sites , observes Julie Holt , who chairs the anthropology department at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville .
" You ca n't put a shovel in the ground without hitting something , " she says .
In the 1800s digging into Indian burials was something families did on Sunday outings after church .
At the time , it was widely believed that the earthwork mounds along the Mississippi and eastward had been built by an advanced race that was squeezed out by the more primitive Native Americans .
As a result , if you plucked an intriguing item from a mound , you 'd probably have no qualms about taking it home to display on the mantel , says Iowa - based archaeological researcher Bob Palmer .
" In some parts of the country people still find mound - digging to be acceptable , " Palmer notes .
Last fall , roughly 60 miles downriver from St. Louis , a landowner reported damage to the burial mound on his property , prompting Dawn Cobb of the Illinois historic preservation office to drive down to investigate .
" There was this huge , gaping hole with human remains scattered around , " Cobb remembers .
Illinois , like Missouri and Arkansas , has a law protecting unmarked graves .
If someone gets an owner 's permission , they can dig on private property .
However , if they hit bone , they must stop .
That law clearly failed to deter anyone in this case .
" We had no leads , " Cobb says .
" The hole was at least a year old .
There 's nothing the landowner can do from a legal standpoint . "
South of the bootheel , on the Arkansas side of the Central Mississippi Valley , Terry Melton feels that frustration .
The 42 - year - old chicken farmer has been running looters off his family 's land in the Strawberry and Black river bottoms for at least a decade .
None has been convicted .
On one occasion , he felt threatened enough by a trio of them to brandish an AK - 47 .
" There 's got to be something down here worth selling , otherwise the idiots would n't keep coming back , " Melton says , bouncing his pickup truck over a potholed dirt road as he heads toward a remote soybean field surrounding two small burial mounds .
The Meltons have been farming this flat expanse for at least a century .
Humans first occupied it 10,000 years ago , according to radiocarbon dating of artifacts .
Scientists have identified at least 40 ancient human skeletons in this area , where looters have struck three times since last October .
Juliet Morrow of the Arkansas Archaeological Survey began a meticulous excavation of one of the mounds in June 2009 .
" It 's really depressing , " she says .
With a furrowed brow , she points out bone fragments and evidence of haphazard digging .
The site is important , she says , because nothing is known about the Archaic period ( 8,000 to 1,000 B.C. ) in Arkansas .
Melton says he 's found so much trash over the years that he knows which brand of cigarettes and beer the trespassers like most ( Marlboro Lights and Busch ) .
He once even found a sock that someone used to wipe his butt .
Other clues are more subtle .
The reason that dozens of small holes dot the soil , Morrow notes , is that looters slide fishing rods and old radio antennas deep into the ground to feel for something hard .
Sometimes , they 'll paint their shovels white to make them easier to see in the dark .
You can tell they come at night , she adds , because they inadvertently leave behind perfect spear points , some 4,000 years old .
She can't say how much one of those might be worth to a looter .
" Professional archaeologists do not appraise anything , " she explains .
" It 's priceless ; you ca n't put a dollar value on it . "
The major prize for looters in this area used to be decorated ceramic pots dating back to the time of first European contact 500 years ago .
But whole vessels are fairly rare now , and on these northeast Arkansan mounds , only shards remain .
Terry Melton 's cousin , Jamie Nunnally , has parked his truck and joined the group .
Clad in camouflage overalls , he says he once fired shots in the air to scare looters off his nearby field .
" We 'll probably never get it stopped , " he says .
" I quit calling the law . "
Both cousins remember the wild nighttime chase of June 13 , 2005 .
They caught two thieves leaving the mound around 12:30 a.m. and pursued them at high speeds through the bottoms .
The perpetrators not only dropped their bag of stolen artifacts , they also jumped a small bridge , lost their muffler and ditched their pickup , leaving a shovel inside .
Sheriff 's deputies from two different counties showed up .
No convictions resulted .
Melton complains that the judge wo n't discipline the looters , even though it 's always the same crowd .
Nunnally claims these individuals have also been picked up by the sheriff on drug - related charges .
He 's convinced they sell artifacts to buy dope .
The situation makes Morrow furious .
" Maybe the judge or prosecuting attorneys consider this a petty crime , " she says , exasperated .
" But it 's a felony . "
A deputy did recently come out and collect evidence , she notes .
But that only happened because the sheriff 's office was pressured by Carrie Wilson , a member of the Quapaw Tribe of Oklahoma , which claims the area as ancestral territory .
" I can be very persistent , " Wilson says later in a phone interview .
" But Julie needs to be careful .
I need to be careful .
There would be people very glad to see us go away .
You have to understand , there is a contingent that 's dangerous .
And sometimes , you 're not dealing with somebody with a full deck . "
After the scientists leave , Melton and Nunnally stroll through the field , searching for arrowheads .
They regularly plow through the mound sites to plant crops .
For Melton , that 's not the same as digging into a grave .
Farming activities are exempt under the burial protection law , he points out .
Back in his pickup , climbing out of the bottoms toward the nearest town , Melton admits , " I love history , and I 'd love to dig .
But I wo n't , out of the simple reason that there 's dead people down there .
It 's about respect .
Even if they 're 4,000 years old , it 's still a person . "
Farmers in Missouri's Franklin and Jefferson counties have been bristling lately , says Joe Harl of the Archaeological Research Center in St. Louis .
Here , where the Ozark Mountains begin to roll west and south , he hears more and more landowners complaining of unwelcome surface collectors — and sometimes diggers — on their property .
" Many have said they 're going to get guns , " Harl reports .
" It 's worse than the [ illegal ] deer hunters . "
The problem is not confined to private land .
Mark Twain National Forest covers approximately 1.5 million acres of Missouri , most of it in the state 's southeastern quarter .
Heritage program manager Keri Hicks says Mark Twain has the most caves in the national forest system , and a majority " have been looted into oblivion " since about the 1950s .
These days , an e-mail will trickle in every couple months from a forest employee who 's discovered a hole , shovel or screen , says Hicks .
When someone checks on it , they might find that the disturbance is a couple years old or more .
" We do n't have enough law enforcement to be effective with trying to protect or monitor it , " Hicks says .
Archaeologist James Halpern says he and another employee have been assigned to 515,000 acres in the southwestern portion of the forest .
" It 's pretty hard to check everything , " says Halpern .
" There are tons of sites and places on the forest I 've never even heard of , let alone been to . "
On the Ozark National Scenic Riverways , where 135 miles of the Jacks Fork and Current rivers are designated federal property , authorities write about five citations per year for pilfering arrowheads , says park archaeologist James Price .
Each carries a $ 225 fine .
There was one major case there in the last decade , says Jodi Towery , a federal law enforcer on the Riverways .
Looters wearing headlamps came cruising in at night on ATVs .
They tore two feet down into a 20 - by - 30 - foot plot .
Towery caught them on camera but could n't positively ID them .
When a mushroom hunter stole one of her cameras , word spread that the site was under surveillance — and the digging ceased .
This particular case taught her one thing : " Some of the people who collect artifacts are also known to do drugs .
It 's kind of the same crowd . "
Sergeant Kevin Glaser of the Southeast Missouri Drug Task Force has also noticed that connection .
The number of meth - lab incidents has tripled from 2008 to 2009 in the ten counties under his supervision , he says .
And he 's noticed something odd : " We 've gone into meth houses , and we 'll literally find tubs of arrowheads . "
Larry Keen , supervisor of the Southwest Missouri Drug Task Force , also reports that he often finds artifacts during meth busts .
Posits Keen : " I think whenever they get high , they 've got to do something , so they wander around and get arrowheads and rocks . "
There 's probably more to it than that , says Richard Rawson , a professor at UCLA 's School of Medicine .
For 35 years he has studied addiction , with an emphasis on methamphetamines .
He says meth users can stay up for days , focusing intensely on a redundant task until they collapse from fatigue .
Rawson says he has not heard of any link between meth users and arrowhead hunting , but , he reasons , " Somewhere in the background of their thinking , there 's some motive for getting these things .
They 're not out there collecting leaves . "
Special agent Robert Still recalls catching a woman stealing artifacts from the Buffalo National River in northwest Arkansas .
She grew so agitated that she pulled out a revolver and a large knife .
" I had to disarm her , " says Still .
Then there was the looter who came lunging at him with a jagged - edged garden tool .
" We 've had officers shot over this type of stuff . "
If theft here is more dramatic , so is the scenery .
The flinty blue hills arcing across the horizon — known as the Boston Mountains — are the highest on the Ozark Plateau .
Steep slopes of cedar , hardwood and pine drop down into streams lined by limestone bluffs .
Tucked back into the hillsides are hundreds of rock shelters and caves , all of them rife with history — and vulnerable to plunder .
" Industrial - strength looters " have been invading the Buffalo River for several years , says federal archaeologist Caven Clark .
He 's worked at numerous parks in the western United States , including the Ozark National Scenic Riverways .
Southeastern Missouri has a problem , he adds , but not like here .
" When I got here , what I found was more looting than I 'd ever seen before . "
Much if it , he says , is linked to drugs .
Of the 350 caves and rock shelters in and around the Buffalo , more than 95 percent of them have been worked over , Clark estimates .
In the last three years , he says , 22 serious cases were reported , some of which went to federal court where the pillagers were prosecuted under the federal Archaeological Resources Protection Act .
Passed in 1979 , the act prohibits looting on federal property .
Crooks target the sheltered sites because humans have huddled in them for millenniums and artifacts have accumulated .
Compared to the wet caves of the eastern
Ozarks , the sites here are relatively dry , which has helped preserve the bark fiber sandals , fabrics and cordage .
" Those things would fetch an unbelievable price , " Clark says , but they are very rare .
The serious thieves wear camouflage and burrow ferociously into the ground .
" I 've seen some holes you could probably drop a Volkswagen into , " says Clark , adding that they also leave plenty of trash .
" We joke that Mountain Dew might as well be probable cause . "
Special agent Still estimates that 70 percent of the archaeological crimes he 's worked have some drug connection .
Caven Clark has seen the same correlation .
" Bad boys are bad boys , " he says .
What complicates investigations , he continues , is that the artifacts are often used as currency and bartered for drugs .
Looters know , for example , that a nice Dalton point ( 8,500 - 7,900 B.C. ) might be sold on the Internet for a couple hundred dollars or more , while a more generic point might get $ 10 to $ 40 from a collector .
" If you 're in a bluff shelter all day , " Clark says , " you 're all pumped up on drugs , and you find six points you can turn into $ 20 each — there 's money to be made . "
Outside federal property in this part of the state , " a new wave of looting has been seen in epidemic proportions " over the last ten years , according to Jerry Hilliard , assistant station archaeologist at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville .
He fields eight to ten calls a year from a landowner or sheriff 's deputy about such crime .
" And that 's the tip of the iceberg , " he says , " because university people are sometimes the last people to get called . "
Landowners can't report looting if they 're not aware of it , according to Arkansas state archaeologist Dr. Ann Early .
But even if they 're aware of illicit digging , she adds , they might still keep mum to avoid unwanted attention .
" A lot of digging may be going on in the counties , and the sheriffs may know nothing about it , " says Early .
Hilliard is alarmed by the scale of the thievery .
He says backhoes and dump trucks have been used to secretly haul huge amounts of unsifted soil away from sites .
In 2003 a group in Madison County rigged a pump from a stream to a power - sprayer then blasted the inside of a nearby cave to uncover valuable items .
More recently , in Carroll County , another gang fired up a generator and ran lights into a cave .
There , they cooked crank and dug several trenches five feet deep in search of ancient objects .
Authorities on the scene later collected scattered human leg bones .
The group even tried to sell a human skull at a flea market , Hilliard says .
" I think there is a weird underworld of selling , buying and trading of human skeletal material , because I 've heard these kinds of stories over the years , " Hilliard says .
" I 'm not sure I 'd want to get into that world .
Special agent Still believes there is a black market for human remains , though he's had no direct contact with it in the Midwest .
After interrogating numerous grave robbers , he 's noticed that " typically human remains still tend to give people the heebie - jeebies . "
They might use a human bone as a poker for their campfire or play with them and bat them around , he says , but generally , they leave the bones onsite .
If you stumble across ancient remains on federal property and then fail to report them , secretly remove them or try to sell them , you 're guilty of violating the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act enacted by Congress in 1990 .
Anti-looting laws have not been warmly received in the deep Ozarks , where , jokes Clark , " digging is a custom among our people . "
Hilliard agrees that quirks of highland culture play a role at the state level , too .
" Government intervention has always been something that rural folks in the Ozarks have been very skeptical of , " he says .
" They do n't want to be told what they can or ca n't do on their land . "
Agent Still remembers how one man guilty of looting informed him in 2007 that only a prison term could stop him from digging .
Sure enough , during the sentencing process , he was caught stealing in the exact area of his original offense .
" It 's an addiction , " Still says .
The artifact collector show held annually in Collinsville , Illinois , is one of the largest in the country .
Before this year 's event , on March 20 and 21 , organizer Floyd Ritter said he'd be welcoming 3,000 visitors from across the nation .
But anybody trying to hawk items unearthed from burial grounds , he says , was banned .
Asked how he could tell if an artifact was robbed , Ritter responds , " There 's no way to tell . "
Many archaeologists distinguish between good and bad collectors .
The good ones , they say , display a good - natured curiosity about an arrowhead .
The bad ones disregard the law and the artifact 's history and care only about finding the highest bidder .
They amass their inventories from low - level looters .
The finest specimens find their way to major dealers , who in turn sell them overseas , mostly to the Japanese , says Larry Zimmerman , an anthropology professor at Indiana and Purdue universities .
" On the high - end stuff , " he says , " Americans have been pretty much the middleman . "
Zimmerman says collectors ' shows , such as the one at Collinsville , are often " an archaeologist 's nightmare . "
But eBay also worries him .
Five years ago , as chair of the Society for American Archaeology 's ethics committee , he lobbied the auction site to at least concede that the online antiquities trade is keeping looters in business .
" They basically said , ' Thank you very much for your concern , ' " remembers Zimmerman .
" They were n't very helpful . "
But he does point out that eBay will shut down any auction of human remains or artifacts known to be stolen .
" The problem is that eBay is so big , it 's unmanageable , " Zimmerman says .
" Even if they had ten eBay cops , they could n't control the antiquities trade . "
Leslie Jones was sentenced January 25 in the Southern District of Illinois for his crimes at Cypress Creek National Wildlife Refuge .
Archaeologists calculated that he had churned up enough soil to fill a semitrailer .
The judge ordered him to serve 30 days in prison , perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 150,000 in restitution .
" That 's going to haunt him for the rest of his life , " says Geoff Donaldson .
Dr. Julie Holt of SIUE was not as impressed .
" The judge gave that guy a slap on the wrist , " she complains .
" Do you think if he dug up your grandma , he'd get 30 days ?
No .
He'd be in prison for a long time with psychological testing .
But somehow , it 's OK if it 's a Native American burial . "
Donaldson says the origin of the skeletal material seized from Jones ' residence is still under investigation .
The offender declined to comment for this story .
Unlike Jones , most people sentenced for ARPA violations do n't end up in prison .
In Bob Palmer 's analysis of federal prosecutions from 1996 to 2005 , he determined that 83 looters were found guilty .
Of these , less than a fourth of them did any time , and the ones who did served no more than a year .
Last June federal agents swooped into southern Utah and arrested two dozen people suspected of playing a role in a network of illicit Indian artifact trading .
( Curiously , two suspects and one informant have since committed suicide . )
Announcing the raid , Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar hailed a " new chapter " for protecting such items .
The time of the U.S. government " simply looking the other way , " he said , " is over . "
Meanwhile , Native Americans like Carrie Wilson look with anxiety toward the future .
" Somebody 's looting a site every day , whether a rock shelter or some other place , " says Wilson , who consults for various Native American tribes and claims Quapaw , Peoria and Eastern Shawnee heritage .
" If they 're not looting , agriculture is destroying our sites in such numbers that in a few years , there wo n't be sites left . "
My name is Stuart Butler .
I am Vice President of Domestic and Economic Policy Studies at The Heritage Foundation .
The views I express in this testimony are my own , and should not be construed as representing any official position of The Heritage Foundation .
Mr. Chairman , any observer of the American health care system is immediately struck by two of its central features .
Gaps and unevenness in coverage .
Despite the huge expenditures devoted to the system , there are enormous gaps in the degree in to which it covers Americans and there are wide difference in the level and type of benefits available to people of similar circumstances .
Millions of Americans lack any insurance protection at all , and many of these are middle class .
Many poor and non-working Americans are eligible for a wide range of benefits , while others struggle to keep their families just out of poverty yet lack any insurance .
A worker may have coverage one week , arranged by his employer , yet lose it the following week because he switched jobs to a firm without coverage .
Similarly , workers who are perhaps forced in to early retirement by economic conditions , or their health , are not eligible for Medicare or any other program and can find themselves suddenly in dire straits for lack of affordable coverage .
The level of benefits available also can widely differ .
An elderly person who happens to qualify for veteran 's benefits can obtain general support for their outpatient pharmaceutical needs .
Yet an otherwise identical retiree in Medicare has no such coverage .
So our " system " is a system in name only .
It is really a patchwork of public and private programs with widely differing eligibility criteria .
And many people end up falling between the eligibility requirements of the programs and many others have benefits only loosely connected to their needs .
Multiple systems of health care .
The second distinctive feature of the American system is that different parts of it are run on totally different principles of design and economics .
The Veterans Administration health system , for example , has similarities to single payer systems in other countries , in that the VA maintains its own hospitals , pays its own staff , and decides centrally on the distribution of medical resources .
Meanwhile another government program , Medicare , runs on other principles , with private providers reimbursed by government for the services they render to eligible beneficiaries .
In Medicare , the primary package of benefits is decided in detail by Congress .
Moreover , Medicare is actually two separate programs .
The hospital insurance system functions as a traditional mandatory social insurance program .
The other part of Medicare , principally covering physician costs , is a voluntary system with a subsidy for government - sponsored insurance .
Yet another government program , The Federal Employees Health Benefits Program ( FEHBP ) , covers over nine million federal employees , their families and federal retirees , and operates on yet another approach .
The FEHBP provides a direct subsidy which is used by eligible families to reduce the premium cost of the private plan of their choice , providing that plan meets basic requirements laid down by the government .
The benefits in FEHBP plans vary significantly .
Congress sets down only a very basic set of benefit classifications , and the actual content of each plan is determined by consumer demand in the competitive market place .
In parallel to these widely differing government - sponsored programs is the extensive private insurance system that covers most working age Americans .
The primary component of this system is insurance sponsored by employers to cover their employees and families .
The families obtaining health coverage in this manner enjoy an often very large tax benefit since the value of the employer sponsored component of there compensation is free of all taxes .
Other individuals obtain private insurance by purchasing it directly from insurance companies , often because their employers do not provide such coverage .
While some tax benefits are available for this form of purchased insurance the criteria for tax relief are so restricted that many in this market have no tax subsidy at all .
Our experience with this fragmented patchwork of programs should lead us to draw some important lessons as we ponder ways to achieve universal coverage in America .
Among these lessons :
Lesson 1 : The employment - based system , while successful for certain families , has severe weaknesses as the basis for universal coverage
The employer - sponsored system is often pointed to as a success story , despite the current concerns about escalating costs .
In the case of coverage offered through larger firms , employment - based coverage does have advantages .
For instance :
Pooling .
A company with a large workforce obviously also has a large pool for insurance purposes .
A large number of individuals can be grouped together and insured as a group for a standard premium , despite possibly wide variations in medical risks among employees .
Large companies also have the economies of scale and the sophistication to provide insurance at a low administrative cost per employee .
Advantages for bargaining and administration .
Larger companies also can bargain very effectively with insurers and providers , and so are able to deliver cost - effective coverage that is often tailored specifically for their work force .
Because of the size of their insurance pool and their sophistication , large companies can arrange a choice of health plans , making it more likely that workers will be reasonably satisfied with their coverage .
Employment - based insurance is very convenient .
When an employer provides coverage , it is normally very easy for an employee to take part in the plan .
Premiums are paid directly by the employer , and the worker does not have to apply for a tax exclusion ; the W - 2 form , indicating the worker 's income for tax purposes , simply makes no mention of the value of the employer 's contribution to his health insurance .
Moreover , if the worker has to pay something toward the cost of his plan , this is usually done in the form of a convenient payroll deduction during each pay period .
Problems for Small Firms Sponsoring Health Insurance
While these advantages of employer - sponsored coverage certainly apply to workers in many firms , they are less likely to apply to certain specific categories of workers , especially those employed in small firms . [ 1] Among the reasons for this :
Small firms by definition are small insurance pools .
A retail store with a handful of employees is a dismal pool for insurance purposes .
Hiring a new employee with a disability , for example , can mean a huge change in insurance costs for the employer .
States and the federal government recognize this and are exploring various ways to group small firms together to form larger insurance pools .
But the need for these efforts only underscores the fact that the place of employment is not a particularly good basis for the pooling of these insurance risks for employees of small firms .
Small firms face relatively high administrative costs , and many small - business owners do not wish to organize insurance .
Because they lack the economies of scale and the management resources of larger firms , small businesses tend to face high costs when administering plans .
According to data collected by the Congressional Budget Office , overhead costs for providing insurance can be over 30 percent of premium costs for firms with fewer than 10 employees , compared with about 12 percent for firms with more than 500 employees .
[ 2 ]
Moreover , many small - business owners have little desire to engage in the demanding task of trying to organize health insurance that meets the often - varied needs of their employees .
Small firms can rarely offer a choice of plans .
If a small employer provides coverage , it tends to be a single " one-size - fits - all " plan .
Small companies rarely offer a choice of plans .
While 81 percent of workers with insurance in firms of 5,000 or more employees had a choice of at least three plans in 2000 , only 2 percent of covered workers in companies with fewer than 25 employees had a similar choice of at least three plans .
Meanwhile , 95 percent of covered workers in the smaller companies had only one plan available to them . [ 3 ]
These obstacles to employment - based coverage in the small - business sector help to explain the high level of uninsurance among families with workers in that sector .
According to a recent survey by the Kaiser Foundation , 74 percent of the uninsured are in families with at least one full - time worker , and while 99 percent of large firms offer insurance , only 55 of firms with fewer than 10 employees do so .
Among low - wage workers ( defined as those who earned less than $ 7 an hour in 1996 ) , 45 percent are not even offered insurance . [ 4 ]
Lesson 2 : The primary method for subsidizing insurance for working families is inequitable , inefficient and fundamentally flawed .
Today we subsidize for insurance very efficiently .
In fact , the current form of subsidy encourages an inefficient overuse of medical care by most non-poor Americans while providing little or no help to the lower - paid uninsured , and it actually exacerbates the problem of uninsurance for many Americans .
This happens because by far the largest subsidy for insurance for working Americans is the tax exclusion for employer - sponsored insurance .
The exclusion means that the portion of a worker 's compensation devoted to employer - paid health insurance is not subject to federal or state income taxes , or payroll taxes .
In aggregate this subsidy dwarfs even the value of the mortgage interest deduction .
John Sheils and Paul Hogan valued the subsidy in 1998 at over $ 111 billion at the federal level and nearly another $ 14 billion in exemptions from state taxes .
[ 5 ]
In contrast to a subsidy aimed at those who need help the most , a tax exclusion provides most help to upper - income workers ( who are in the highest tax bracket ) with the most generous coverage .
Sheils and Hogan have estimated the average annual federal tax benefits in 1998 as ranging from $ 2 , 357 for families with incomes of $ 100,00 .
But the exclusion is highly inequitable .
Sheils and Hogan estimated the average annual tax benefit at just $ 71 for families with incomes of less than $ 15,000 .
Thus the exclusion provides little help to lower - paid workers , who often face hardship in paying for family coverage or out - of - pocket costs , and it is not available to workers lacking an employer - sponsored plan .
It is hard to imagine a less efficient system of subsidies for helping people to obtain coverage .
Lesson 3 : The Medicare program does not represent a sound structure for universal coverage .
The trust fund woes of the Medicare program indicate the financing dangers of a social insurance approach to health care .
Similar to the experience of maturing social insurance programs around the world , Medicare is plagued with huge unfunded liabilities as political pressure for ever - larger defined benefits today mean ever - larger obligations on future generations .
The 2002 report of the Medicare trustees provided a dire picture of the program 's finances , with expenditures rapidly outstripping dedicated revenues in future decades . [ 6 ]
But the structural problems of Medicare are not confined to its financing .
When Medicare was created in 1965 , its benefit package was based on the prevailing Blue Cross / Blue Shield package for working Americans in large firms .
As such , it was seen as state - of - the - art coverage .
Since that time , however , the benefits for Medicare recipients gradually slipped further behind the benefits routinely available to working Americans .
For example , Medicare provides no outpatient prescription drug benefit .
It would be virtually unthinkable for a large corporation today to offer its workers a plan without at least some coverage for outpatient pharmaceuticals , or , for that matter , protection against catastrophic medical costs .
The main reason that Medicare 's benefits package is out of date - despite the general awareness that it needs to be updated - is that all major benefit changes require an act of Congress .
Consequently , discussions about changing benefits ( especially about introducing new benefits by reducing coverage for less important ones ) are necessarily entangled in the political process .
Providers included in the package fight diligently - and usually effectively - to block serious attempts to scale back outdated coverage for their specialties .
Meanwhile , talk of upgrading the Medicare benefits package unleashes an intense lobbying battle among other specialties that seek to be included in the Medicare benefits package .
Invariably , the result depends as much ( if not more ) on shrewd lobbying than on good medical practice .
The understandable reluctance of most lawmakers to subject themselves to this pressure further slows the process of modernizing benefits .
Formula Payments .
Medicare today uses complex formulas to determine its payments to managed care plans serving beneficiaries and payments to physicians and hospitals under the traditional fee - for - service program .
Through legislation and regulation , the government tries to create a payment schedule that will work in all parts of the country and that takes into account local conditions .
But as is typical of attempts by government to set payments by formula , these schedules rarely match the actual market , which constantly changes .
As a result , policymakers and health care providers grumble constantly that the formulas systematically and wastefully overpay some plans and underpay others , and that many payments to physicians and hospital are far out of line with the cost and difficulty of providing specific services .
Bureaucratic Decisionmaking .
Just as arcane and problematic the complex administrative process used by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) to modify benefits , to determine whether certain medical treatments or procedures are to be covered under Medicare , and to define under what conditions or circumstances servicesare to be delivered and paid for .
This byzantine process is marked by intense pleading by medical specialty societies , and a degree of congressional micromanagement that makes efficient management of the program impossible . [ 7 ]
Moving Towards Universal Coverage
If we are to construct a health care system in this country that focuses resources efficiently to help those who need assistance to obtain health coverage , we need to take the following important steps :
Agree on a health care social contract between society and individuals that is explicit and fair .
Today there is a legal and moral obligation on society to provide some level of health care to those who become ill .
Under federal law almost all hospitals must provide immediate health services to individuals entering the emergency room .
In addition , physicians and hospitals routinely provide services to individuals unable to pay for these .
A recent study by Jack Hadley and John Holahan estimates that as much as $ 38 billion is spent each year in public and private resources on health care services for the uninsured . [ 8 ]
This implicit " social contract " is both inefficient and unfair .
It is inefficient because the method of providing services often means they are delivered in the most expensive setting .
And because the services are not part of a comprehensive plan they are inefficient from a medical point of view .
The contract is unfair because it discourages many families with the means to obtain adequate coverage from doing so .
The current social contract should be replaced with a more rational one .
In a civilized and rich country like the United States , it is reasonable for society to accept an obligation to ensure that all residents have affordable access to at least basic health care - much as we accept the same obligation to assure a reasonable level of housing , education and nutrition .
But as part of that contract , it is also reasonable to expect residents of the society who can do so to contribute an appropriate amount to their own health care .
This translates into a requirement on individuals to enroll themselves and their dependents in at least a basic health plan - one that at the minimum should protect the rest of society from large and unexpected medical costs incurred by the family .
And as any social contract , there would also be an obligation on society .
To the extent that the family cannot reasonably afford reasonable basic coverage , the rest of society , via government , should take responsibility for financing that minimum coverage .
The obligations on individuals does not have to be a " hard " mandate , in the sense that failure to obtain coverage would be illegal .
It could be a " soft " mandate , meaning that failure to obtain coverage could result in the loss of tax benefits and other government entitlements .
In addition , if federal tax benefits or other assistance accompanied the requirement , states and localities could receive the value of the assistance forgone by the person failing to obtain coverage , in order to compensate providers who deliver services to the uninsured family .
Provide support to people to obtain health care based on their need , not where they happen to work , or their eligibility for welfare , or their military record , or their age .
Enable individuals and families to use this support to enroll in a seamless system of coverage according to their choice .
The central public policy objective of a health care system is to use public funds in an efficient and economical way to enable every household to obtain at least an acceptable level of health care services and protection from large financial burdens associated with ill health .
Whether a US resident is able to count on that commitment should not depend on their current circumstances .
Moreover , resources should be used as efficiently as possible to provide help those who need it most to obtain coverage .
That requires us to overhaul current subsidy methods to target funds more efficiently and to achieve horizontal equity between similar people .
An important step towards that would be to overhaul the tax treatment of health care , gradually ending the regressive tax exclusion for employer - sponsored health insurance and replacing it with a more progressive subsidy .
That is the logic behind the various refundable tax credit proposals in numerous proposals for addressing uninsurance .
These proposals would increase the subsidy to lower - income households relative to upper - income households .
The same rationale lies behind various approaches designed to alter the Medicare program to target a higher proportion of benefits on lower - income seniors , in contrast with the traditional social insurance vision of equal benefits regardless of income .
And while there is fairly universal support for a residual safety net public program for indigent or dysfunctional households , replacing part of the Medicaid program with a refundable tax credit or voucher - like assistance is in line with the same goal .
It is also important to de-link financial support from household work status .
In other words assistance for health care coverage should not be based on employment or retirement status , and it should be available for the cost of coverage from any reasonable source .
Thus an unemployed person and his or her family should have the same degree of assistance as an employed household of similar income with employer - sponsored coverage .
A worker with employer - sponsored coverage should get the same tax break or direct subsidy for coverage as a similar worker whose firm does not provide insurance .
A 60 year - old early retiree should be able to count on the same help as a similar person who is still in the workforce .
The value of the assistance should also not differ according on the source of coverage .
Thus a household should receive the same subsidy value were it to obtain coverage through an employment based insurance plan or by buying into a public program .
On the other side of the same coin , an individual or household should be able to continue the same form of coverage throughout their life if they wish .
Thus a worker with a private insurance plan should be able to continue that coverage into retirement , receiving " Medicare " benefits in the form of assistance towards the cost of continued insurance coverage .
Make it possible for the place of work be the location through which most families can get coverage , without employers necessarily being the sponsor of coverage .
Most people in America pay their taxes through a place of work .
This is a very convenient system under which employers withhold income and Social Security taxes and send the money to the government .
In addition , employees typically adjust their withholdings to take advantage of any tax breaks for which they may be eligible ( for example , the mortgage interest deduction ) .
This means that employers actually operate the basic income tax system ; but they do not in any sense design the tax code for their employees or " sponsor " the tax system .
They could more appropriately be considered a clearinghouse for tax payments .
The place of employment is likewise particularly convenient and efficient for handling health insurance enrolment and payments .
Workers with employer - sponsored health insurance benefits typically sign up for the firm 's plan when they take a job and arrange for a payroll deduction to cover premium costs for them or their family .
With individual tax credits or other forms of subsidy discussed above , employers could carry out the critical clearinghouse role for plan choices , tax adjustments , and premium payments .
Such employers would not required to organize or sponsor a plan for their employees to obtain tax relief or other subsidies for the cost of coverage .
In other words , smaller employers could handle the mechanical aspects of arranging for payroll deductions and premium payments ( similar to their role in the tax collection system ) without having to sponsor a plan .
Thus , the employer could play a very important role in facilitating coverage without having to organize coverage .
In this way the place of employment could be the " point of service " for selection and payment decisions , and for the receipt of subsidies , without the employee being restricted to coverage decisions made by the employer .
Using automatic enrollment to boost coverage .
Whether or not they sponsored insurance , employers could be encouraged to institute an automatic enrollment and payment system to make health insurance premium payments and to obtain health - related subsidies .
This means that employees would automatically be enrolled in a health plan unless they explicitly declined to do so , perhaps by signing a document indicating that they understood the possible consequences of not enrolling in a plan .
Alternatively , a state could establish a default bare - bones health plan in conjunction with a private insurer , to which anyone not otherwise choosing a plan would be assigned .
Evidence from pension plans indicates that an automatic enrollment system for health insurance could have dramatic effects on sign - up rates .
[ 9 ]
This payment system is also very similar to the way in which the FEHBP enables a federal worker who may work in a small workplace , such as the local office of a Member of Congress , to choose from possibly dozens of plans .
4. Use " creative federalism " to discover the best arrangements for organizing health coverage .
Any approach designed to secure universal coverage , and perhaps especially one which seeks to encourage greater equity and freedom of choice in coverage , has to confront the challenge of organizing the system of coverage .
There is no consensus on which structures are best to deliver health care .
Some argue for government - sponsored plans .
Others for individual insurance .
Others still argue for various group arrangements .
In addition , allowing people to make choices in health care , even within government - sponsored programs , raises such issues as risk selection .
Moreover , views differ on how to achieve the right combination of subsidy and insurance regulation to secure affordable and efficient coverage for people of differing health status .
Perhaps the fastest way to discover the best methods of organizing health coverage under a universal system would be to institute a modified form of the idea of " creative federalism . "
Under this approach , federal - state covenants would be instituted to test comprehensive and internally consistent strategies at the state level designed to move towards universal coverage .
Congress would provide federal funds to assist states to experiment with a chosen strategy for arranging health insurance and services .
In contrast to a simple system of block grants , these federal - state covenants would operate within policy constraints designed to achieve national goals for achieving universal coverage .
The Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) , one of the national academies , recently proposed a limited version of this strategy designed to stimulate and test creative methods of expanding coverage for the uninsured . [ 10 ]
The IOM proposed that the federal government create a number of statewide 10 - year demonstrations based on combinations of proposals , including federal and state tax credits , as well as Medicaid and SCHIP expansions partly financed by the federal government .
Congress should consider the IOM recommendations .
But it could also pursue a more comprehensive strategy to trigger state experimentation .
Under such a more comprehensive " creative federalism " approach the federal government would do four things :
1 ) Congress would establish goals for universal coverage .
The goals could include a certain percentage reduction in uninsurance rates in each state over a period , and steps towards ending multiple programs and eligibility criteria .
Congress would also establish boundaries in policies that could be adopted in reaching the goals ( e.g. that no person could face unreasonable coverage costs as a result of their medical condition )
2 ) Congress would enact a number of changes to provide an " a la carte menu " of federal policy options that would be available to states to help achieve the goals .
These options might include making a version of the FEHBP available within the state , allowing some Medicaid / SCHIP money to be used in creative ways , removing regulatory / tax obstacles to churches , unions , and other organizations providing health insurance plans , and the creation of association plans and other innovative health organizations that would then be available to states .
3 ) Congress would provide an amount of funding .
This would be fortwo purposes .
Part of the money would help states fund certain approaches .
The other part would " reward " states according to how successful they were in meeting the goals .
4 ) The federal government would enter into agreements , or covenants , with states to achieve the goals .
States would propose some combination of modifications of their current programs , initiatives with their federal allocation , and a selection from the federal menu .
The states could also negotiate regulatory waivers to the extent allowed by law .
The federal agreement would have to agree to the covenant before it could proceed and evaluation procedures would have to be included .
The goal of universal coverage is likely to remain elusive under our current health care system .
Today we provide help to people to afford coverage in such an inefficient and inequitable way that it is impossible to help all those who need it to afford coverage .
In addition , we have a patchwork of programs and subsidy systems with a multitude of complex eligibility requirements that guarantees people will fall through the cracks .
Reaching the goal of universal coverage will be difficult .
But it will be much easier if we rationalize subsidies for health coverage , enable people to pick the form of coverage that is best for them , and encourage state - federal experiments to explore innovative ways of organizing health care coverage .
______________________________________________________
The Heritage Foundation is a public policy , research , and educational organization operating under Section 501 ( C ) ( 3 ) .
It is privately supported , and receives no funds from any government at any level , nor does it perform any government or other contract work .
The Heritage Foundation is the most broadly supported think tank in the United States .
During 2002 , it had more than 200,000 individual , foundation , and corporate supporters representing every state in the U.S.
Its 2002 contributions came from the following sources :
Individuals 61.21 %
Foundations 27.49 %
Corporations 6.76 %
Investment Income 1.08 %
Publication Sales and Other 3.47 %
The top five corporate givers provided The Heritage Foundation with less than 3.5 % of its 2002 income .
The Heritage Foundation 's books are audited annually by the national accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche .
A list of major donors is available from The Heritage Foundation upon request .
Members of The Heritage Foundation staff testify as individuals discussing their own independent research .
The views expressed are their own , and do not reflect an institutional position for The Heritage Foundation or its board of trustees .
The noxious smoke plumes that wafted over the military base in Balad , Iraq , alarmed Lt. Col. Michelle Franco .
The stench from a huge burn pit clung to her clothing , skin and hair .
“ I remember thinking :
This does n’t look good , smell good or taste good , ” Franco said recently .
“ I knew it could n’t be good for anybody . ”
She wheezed and coughed constantly .
When Franco returned to the U.S. , she was diagnosed with reactive airway dysfunction syndrome .
She is no longer able to serve as an Air Force nurse .
Other returning veterans have reported leukemia , lymphoma , congestive heart problems , neurological conditions , bronchitis , skin rashes and sleep disorders -- all of which they attribute to burn pits on dozens of U.S. bases in Afghanistan and Iraq .
“ The military needs to step up and address this problem , ” said John Wilson of the advocacy group Disabled American Veterans , which maintains a registry of more than 500 veterans with disorders they blame on burn pits .
The fumes emanating from the pits , he warned , could become the Agent Orange of the current war zone .
Items burned in the pits have included medical waste , plastics , computer parts , oil , lubricants , paint , tires and foam cups , according to soldiers and contractors .
Some say amputated body parts from Iraqi patients were burned in Balad , site of a large U.S. military hospital .
A military environmental agency that tested air samples from Balad in 2007 found dioxins , metals , volatile organic compounds and other toxic substances in the smoke .
But in its report -- titled “ Just the Facts ” -- the U.S. Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine said the substances “ were within acceptable standards . ”
It also blamed particulate matter found at levels above military exposure guidelines on the blowing sand and dust that is common at bases across the region .
“ Although no chemical concerns or significant health risks have been identified , smoke from any source , including burning trash , can still cause temporary irritation effects , ” the report said .
Last year , the center recommended moving burn pits downwind from areas where service members live and work , and minimizing the burning of plastics and cooking grease .
According to Lt. Cmdr. Bill Speaks , a military spokesman , the burning of medical waste , fuels , oils , lubricants , tires , most metals , electronics , batteries and other hazardous items is prohibited .
More environmental sampling and independent reviews are planned “ to ensure . . . an improved understanding of burn - pit smoke and any resulting health risks , ” Speaks said .
Still , Army Master Sgt. Tex C.G. Hughes said batteries , computer parts and other banned materials were burned regularly at the main U.S. military base in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
He said the fumes wafted over a nearby training camp , where he and other soldiers suffered from burning eyes , coughing and wheezing .
“ You could taste the smoke all night long , ” said Hughes , a 61 - year - old intelligence specialist .
He attributes his sleep apnea to smoke exposure .
The Pentagon operates at least 84 burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to Rep. Timothy H. Bishop ( D - N.Y. ) , who cosponsored legislation last fall that prohibited burning hazardous and medical waste unless the military showed it had no alternative .
The law also requires the Defense Department to justify burn pits , develop alternatives and improve medical monitoring .
Two pits at Balad were shut down in October and replaced by four closed incinerators with pollution controls .
The military has installed 27 incinerators in Iraq and Afghanistan and has ordered 82 more , Bishop said .
While the Pentagon says the pits do not cause serious long - term health problems , some health experts disagree .
Dr. Anthony Szema , chief of the allergy section at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Northport , N.Y. , said exposure to smoke and fumes from burning refuse can increase the risk of death from lung cancer or cardiovascular disease .
Szema told a Senate Democratic Policy Committee hearing in November that burning plastic bottles produces dioxin and hydrochloric acid , and burning polystyrene foam cups produces dioxin , benzene and other carcinogens .
“ In summary , you should not burn trash or inhale burning trash , ” Szema said .
And retired Lt. Col. Darrin L. Curtis -- a bioenvironmental engineer who served at Balad in 2006 and 2007 -- told the committee that “ burn pits may be responsible for long - term health problems in many individuals who were exposed to the smoke plumes . ”
Army Sgt. 1st Class Francis Jaeger , a communications specialist , said he was regularly ordered to haul refuse to a pit at a U.S. base in Tall Afar , Iraq , where it was burned by contractors .
“ We were told to burn everything -- electronics , bloody gauze , the medics ’ biohazard bags , surgical gloves , cardboard .
It all went up in smoke , ” said Francis , 46 , who attributes his asthma , joint pain , muscle spasms and fatigue to exposure .
Russell Keith , a paramedic working at Balad , said he could tell when the wind had blown dark green plumes from burn pits toward base living areas .
He said long lines formed for sick call , with troops coughing up blood , vomiting and complaining of nausea or burning lungs .
Keith said that medical waste , including syringes and expired drugs , was burned in the pits , and that jet fuel was sometimes used as an accelerant .
Keith , 50 , said he had been diagnosed with Parkinson ’s disease , which he blames on toxic smoke .
In January , Bishop and Rep. Carol Shea - Porter ( D - N.H. ) introduced the Military Personnel Toxic Exposure Registry Act , which would require the Pentagon to create a database of the tens of thousands of troops exposed to burn pits .
The bill also would ban burning plastics , require annual reports to Congress on sicknesses , and ensure that veterans affected by the smoke received full service - related health benefits , Bishop said .
More than 280 veterans and contract workers have sued defense contractor KBR Inc. , alleging that burn pits it operated on U.S. bases in Iraq and Afghanistan caused cancers , respiratory problems and 13 wrongful deaths , said Susan Burke , lead attorney for the plaintiffs .
Chief Warrant Officer 5 John A. Wester , 59 , a Special Forces soldier , blames his Hodgkin ’s disease on exposure to a burn pit at the U.S. base in Bagram , Afghanistan .
“ The military wants to deny anything ’s wrong , just like with Agent Orange , ” Wester said .
“ But there ’s no doubt in my military mind where I got my cancer . ”
david.zucchino@ latimes.com
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
February 13th , 2010
Update : Amy Bishop Pleads Guilty in Alabama University Killings
Via : BBC :
A former US biologist has pleaded guilty to murdering three colleagues and wounding three others in a 2010 shooting rampage at a faculty meeting .
Former University of Alabama at Huntsville scientist Amy Bishop , 47 , had previously pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .
Bishop was said to have been angry at being denied tenure in the department .
Separately , Bishop has been charged in the 1986 shooting death of her brother , previously ruled an accident .
On Tuesday , the Harvard - trained biologist admitted one count of capital murder in the three deaths and three counts of attempted murder .
Prosecutors dropped their demand for the death penalty in the deal , the Huntsville Times newspaper reported .
—
Update : Gun , Bought by a Third Party , Belonged to Bishop ’s Husband ; Bishop Claims , “ She Was n’t There ”
Via : Boston Herald :
The gun that Braintree native Amy Bishop is accused of using to kill three colleagues in Alabama was bought for her husband in 1989 when he was feuding with neighbors , just three years after she shot her younger brother to death , prosecutors said yesterday .
Meanwhile , it emerged that Bishop told police she was not present when three co-workers were shot to death in a faculty meeting at the University of Alabama at Huntsville in February .
Previously , it was reported that Bishop claimed she did n’t remember the shooting .
Former neurobiology professor Bishop , 45 , is charged with capital murder in the killings of three colleagues at the University of Alabama - Huntsville during a Feb. 12 shooting rampage in which three others were injured .
In her first court appearance yesterday , a judge ordered her held without bail and her case sent to a grand jury .
Prosecutors said the gun used in the attack was bought by a former New Hampshire man in 1989 .
Donald Proulx Jr. told federal authorities he bought the gun for James Anderson , Bishop ’s husband .
At the time , Anderson told Proulx he was having problems with neighbors , prosecutors said .
Bishop and her husband were living in Massachusetts at the time , which had stricter gun laws .
Proulx could not be reached for comment yesterday .
Meanwhile , Huntsville police investigator Charlie Gray testified that Bishop , during a taped interview that lasted more than two hours , was not agitated but “ seemed calm , she seemed very intelligent ” as she denied anything to do with the shooting .
“ She said it was no way she was there , no way it happened .
‘ I was n’t there . ’
That kept being a reoccurring thing throughout the interview , ” Gray said .
Several neighbors have come forward to say Bishop often called the police over minor issues .
In 1993 , federal officials investigated Bishop and her husband after a bomb scare at the home of one of Bishop ’s colleagues .
No charges were brought , but the U.S. attorney is now reviewing the case .
Meanwhile , local authorities still are investigating Bishop ’s role in the 1986 shooting death of her brother , Seth .
Norfolk District Attorney William Keating has convened an inquest to make sure that investigation was properly handled .
Yesterday , Tom Pettigrew of Quincy , who said he was held at shotgun - point by Bishop at the auto shop where he worked , moments after she killed her brother , said he received a summons for an April hearing .
— End Update —
Update : And Now… The Amy Bishop Herpes Bomb
Via : New York Times :
Not long after Amy Bishop was identified as the professor who had been arrested in the shooting of six faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville on Feb. 12 , the campus police received a series of reports even stranger than the shooting itself .
Several people with connections to the university ’s biology department warned that Dr. Bishop , a neuroscientist with a Harvard Ph.D. , might have booby - trapped the science building with some sort of “ herpes bomb , ” police officials said , designed to spread the dangerous virus .
Only people who had worked with Dr. Bishop would know that she had done work with the herpes virus as a post - doctoral student and had talked about how it could cause encephalitis .
She had also written an unpublished novel in which a herpes - like virus spreads throughout the world , causing pregnant women to miscarry .
By the time of the reports , the police had already swept every room of the science building , finding nothing but a 9 - millimeter handgun in the second - floor restroom .
But the anxious warnings reflected the fears of those who know Dr. Bishop that she could go to great lengths to retaliate against those she felt had wronged her .
— End Update —
Update : Amazon Fever by Amy Bishop
Via : Boston Globe :
A draft of Amy Bishop ’s unpublished novel , obtained by the Globe , is a racy Boston - and Brazil - set thriller that aspires to be “ The Hot Zone ” or “ On The Beach . ”
The book , “ Amazon Fever , ” has an eerie quality in the context of the events of the past week involving the University of Alabama at Huntsville professor .
The book ’s heroine , Olivia , is trying to make it as a scientist during a pandemic , struggling mightily against depression and fear of losing tenure .
She muses about the poet Sylvia Plath and her suicide — and continually worries about her future .
“ Although she was sure that Steve would be happy with the news , telling Steve [ her boyfriend ] that she was pregnant still felt like dropping a bomb , only because of the timing , ” Bishop wrote .
“ With her career breathing its last and Steve ’s business in economic ruin it was indeed the worst time . ”
The Alabama school is mentioned in the book as the MIT of the South , and a James Anderson , Bishop ’s husband ’s real name , is mentioned as a crack genetic sequencer at the university .
The book takes swipes at Harvard , from its snotty bartenders to a phone number of a talk show given five times in one paragraph .
In real life , that number — 617-432-5555 — is the Harvard Medical School ’s confidential Research Compliance Hotline .
A recorded message sounded when the number was dialed this afternoon .
In a dream sequence , the heroine pictured herself as a tenured professor , surrounded by her parents and her sister .
“ She felt warm , happy , fulfilled and yet she knew it was just a dream . ”
— End Update —
Update : Amy Bishop ’s Lawyer Says She Has No Memory of Shooting
Here ’s a gentle suggestion to any mental health professionals who will deal with this case .
Explore the possibility of a pre-existing Dissociative Identity Disorder .
Look for alters .
Now , the neighbors called the police on Bishop , accusing her of using a “ ray gun ” to stop kids from riding motorcycles in the neighborhood .
That ’s somewhat of an interesting accusation , considering all of the strangeness happening here .
Bishop ’s husband , James Anderson , laughed it off .
When the police called and asked about the ‘ ray gun ’ Anderson said , “ I wanted to say , ‘ We keep it in the flying saucer . ' ”
Laughs all around , I ’m sure .
Now , if anyone has a copy of Amy Bishop ’s novel , “ Martians in Belfast ” please let me know .
Also , what ’s this novel about ?
If you ’re not really sure where I ’m going here , read The Controllers by Martin Cannon .
Via : ABC
News :
Alleged shooter Amy Bishop has no memory of the rampage at University of Alabama and is likely insane , according to her lawyer .
Court - appointed attorney Roy W. Miller told the Associated Press that Bishop , 45 , and a mother of four children , appears to have paranoid schizophrenia .
The Harvard - educated PhD opened fire on her colleagues at a staff meeting last week , killing three and injuring three others .
To use an insanity defense , her lawyers would have to prove that Bishop lacked the capacity to know right from wrong .
She could face the death penalty on capital murder charges and is being held without bond .
Bishop ’s husband , James Anderson , a freelance scientist who has steadfastly supported his wife , said that he believes denial of tenure was to blame for the rampage .
Anderson , who spoke this morning with “ Good Morning America , ” has had only telephone contact with his wife since the arrest .
Her lawyer said that Bishop has been “ very cogent ” in jail , though she cannot explain the shootings .
“ Obviously she was very distraught and concerned over that tenure , ” Miller told the AP .
“ It insulted her and slapped her in the face , and it ’s probably tied in with the Harvard mentality .
She brooded and brooded and brooded over it , and then , `bingo . ” ‘
“ She gets at issue with people that she does n’t need to and obsesses on it , ” Miller said .
“ She wo n’t shake it off , and it ’s really ( things of ) no great consequence . ”
Reports have mounted since the Feb. 12 shooting that Bishop had a violent past , though her husband has insisted she never had any mental problems .
Psychiatrists say that schizophrenia can go undiagnosed for years , especially for those who lead insular lives .
It is unclear how an insanity defense might play out with an Alabama jury if Bishop is tried on capital murder charges .
“ People in science and computers are solitary people , ” said Dr. Igor Galynker , associate chairman for the department of psychiatry and behavioral science at psychiatry at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City and professor of psychiatry at Albert Einstein college of Medicine .
“ They work in solitude and they do n’t need to interact in complex social situations and can be paranoid for a long time without someone realizing . ”
Schizophrenia can be marked by social isolation , odd behavior , “ strange disordered ” thinking and speaking , poor hygiene and lack of friends , according to Galynker .
Often people do n’t notice signs until more serious symptoms emerge .
“ Brilliant scientists are supposed to be crazy , ” he told ABCNews.com .
John Nash , the Nobel - winning economist from Princeton , portrayed in “ A Beautiful Mind , ” could be brilliant in his field , even as he suffered from schizophrenia .
Psychotics like Seung - Hui Cho , the student who killed 31 at Virginia Tech in 2007 , are particularly dangerous .
They view others as inconsequential and often humiliation can set off a psychotic depression that could make a person violent or suicidal , said Galynker .
Madison County District Attorney Robert Broussard , who will prosecute the case against Bishop , said he would not oppose a mental evaluation .
Bishop ’s only public comments since the killings have been , they “ did n’t happen .
There ’s no way , ” as police led he away after the massacre .
“ There ’s no way .
They ’re still alive . ”
Both Bishop and her husband Anderson have been described by “ oddballs ” but neighbors and colleagues in both Boston and in Alabama .
Anderson has been talking to media outlets across the country , downplaying his wife ’s past outbursts .
He has said faculty sabotaged his wife ’s aspirations for tenure , sending “ nastygrams , ” and that she may have even been the target of a stalker .
“ I do n’t buy that , ” said Tom Capozzoli , an associate professor of psychology at Purdue University and an expert in workplace violence .
He speculated Bishop may have impulse control disorder , but he wonders about Anderson , as well .
“ I ’d be very curious about his mental stability , ” Capozzoli said .
“ I seriously can’t believe that he did n’t know that something was going on .
“ There were lot of trigger events , ” Capozzoli added , “ and if he knew what to look for , he might have prevented it . ”
In an interview this week , Anderson deflected questions about Bishop shooting her 18 - year - old brother , her being interviewed by police over a mail bomb sent to a professor at Harvard University and even the punching of a woman at an International House of Pancakes over a booster seat .
When asked if his wife had mental problems , Anderson told ABCNews.com , “ I know what ’s inside the brain , I do n’t know how it works . ”
“ Part of me is a scientist and I ca n’t do anything until I get all the data in , ” he said .
Of the revelation that his wife hit a restaurant customer in the head in 2002 , Anderson said , “ Another patron started it and tried to blow it out of proportion .
When someone jumps in your business , in your face , you get upset . ”
A judge disagreed , sentencing Bishop to probation as prosecutors recommended she take anger management classes , according to a report in the Boston Globe .
He backed up his wife ’s claim that the 1986 death of her brother Seth Bishop was “ accidental , ” even as new reports revealed that in the hours after the shooting she still carried the shotgun when confronted by police at a nearby Ford dealership .
“ She ’s like , ‘ Hands up ! ’ and I ’m like , ‘ Yes ma’am , ' ” auto body worker Tom Pettigrew told the Boston Herald .
Of the reports that he and his wife were questioned in 1993 when one of Bishop ’s colleagues , Harvard University ’s Dr. Paul Rosenberg , received a pipe bomb in the mail , Anderson said , “ We were cleared of that . ”
Neighbors ’ claims in both Massachusetts and Alabama that the couple was belligerent and confrontational were laughed off by Anderson .
“ They were out of line saying Amy was nuts and I realized they had accused her of using a ray gun to stop kids from operating their motorcycles , ” he said of their Huntsville neighbors .
“ A police officer called : ‘ I have to ask this : Do you have a ray gun ? ’
I wanted to say , ‘ We keep it in the flying saucer . ’
They were crazy , ” he said .
A former neighbor in Ipswich , Mass. , who did not want to be identified , said Anderson “ could be forceful and confrontational , but she [ Bishop ] was much more aggressive . ”
“ He was quieter and did n’t swear , ” she said , citing a time Anderson came knocking at her door when her son ’s music was too loud .
“ He always supported [ Bishop ] , ” she said .
“ Every once in a while he would say something , but it was mostly her . ”
Anderson said he had never been afraid of his wife , nor was she ever violent with their children .
“ She was a loving mother , ” he said .
“ She had a normal temper .
The neighbors might think they are hearing her yell at the kids , but she was yelling for the kids .
We had a huge house in both [ Massachusetts and Alabama ] .
Come on guys , get a grip . ”
The couple met nearly two decades ago as undergraduates at Northeastern University .
Anderson denied his wife had psychological problems and said of their relationship , “ It ’s a pretty good basic marriage : four kids , a house and two jobs , ” said Anderson .
“ Work kept us together . ”
Together , they “ flip - flopped back and forth ” in child care responsibilities , he said .
Speaking easily and calmly , Anderson only allowed emotion when asked about an ABC interview with Debra Moriarity , a professor who was at the Alabama shooting scene but escaped unscathed .
Moriarity , 55 , said she tried to crawl out of the room , but Bishop pointed the gun at her , firing three times while out of bullets , as she begged for her life .
“ No , no , do n’t tell me about that , ” Anderson told an ABC News reporter .
When asked if he was “ delusional ” about his wife ’s mental health , Anderson said , “ I ca n’t comment one way or the other . ”
It ’s hard to speculate how Anderson is reacting to his wife ’s arrest , said Dr. Grant Brenner , director of trauma service of The William Alanson White Institute of Psychiatry , Psychoanalysis and Psychology in New York City .
He , like the other mental health professionals quoted in this story , has no connection with the case and said it is “ unethical and unprofessional ” to hypothesize about specifics .
But “ disassociation ” — when the mind distances itself from an experience or emotion — can be caused by the trauma itself , according to Brenner .
“ When emotions are so powerful , or thoughts are so unacceptable , that they cannot be comprehended or regulated , people respond as adaptively as they can in order to continue to function , ” he told ABCNews.com .
“ For people who are hearing a story like this , it ’s often hard to be empathic , ” said Brenner .
“ It ’s much more comfortable to ascribe what happened either to psychiatric pathology , or to some kind of moral turpitude or failing , than it is to ask the more difficult and useful question of why do things like this keep happening , from a more thoughtful perspective .
How do we contribute to this , and are we willing to devote resources to prevent these tragedies from happening ? ”
Meanwhile , Anderson talks to Bishop for a few minutes daily on the phone , but has not been allowed to visit her in person for 30 days .
“ She calls about the kids , ” he said , referring to their four children who range in age from 8 to 18 .
Anderson has said his lawyer has urged him not to talk about the shooting incident , but he continues to grant interviews .
Sometimes “ love and intimidation ” can persuade a spouse to blindly believe the other — a mindset that is not necessarily pathological , according to violence expert Tom Capozzoli , who is still intrigued with the Anderson - Bishop relationship .
“ He said it was a ‘ normal ’ family , ” said Capozzoli .
“ But what does that mean ?
The reason he may be talking now is he has nothing to fear .
I would really be interested to know more about this ‘ normal ’ family . ”
“ I think mental illness is a real logical defense , ” said Judith Armstrong , who lives next door to Bishop and Anderson on McDowell Street in Huntsville .
The families were in a dispute over property lines before the arrest .
“ We did n’t know them well because we have grandchildren and they have little children , so we do n’t move in the same circles , ” she told ABCNews.com .
“ But Jim seemed very quiet and Amy was quite assertive . ”
“ I am stunned , ” said Armstrong , 58 .
“ She always came across as needing to be right , but I did n’t think she was capable of violence . ”
— End Update —
Update : Amy Bishop Convicted of Assault in 2002
Via : Huntsville Times :
Amy Bishop had a much different recollection of a 2002 assault where she punched a woman in the head , telling officers who interviewed her that the other woman had been the “ aggressor . ”
Regardless , she was summonsed to Essex County District Court on two misdemeanor charges and retained an attorney .
A lawyer entered a guilty plea on Bishop ’s behalf , said Police Capt .
Dennis Bonaiuto .
The incident happened about a year before Bishop was hired at UAH .
According to a police report , Bishop punched a woman in the head during an argument over a child ’s booster seat at an International House of Pancakes in the Boston suburbs .
Bishop pleaded guilty to assault and battery and disorderly conduct , both misdemeanors , and was placed on probation .
The judge also ordered her to take anger management classes .
The bizarre incident happened at an IHOP restaurant in Peabody , Mass. , on March 16 , 2002 , a Saturday morning .
According to the police report , a 37 - year - old woman who had walked into to the restaurant just before Bishop got the last available booster seat .
When Bishop arrived with her family and was told there were no more booster seats , the report says , she became “ very angry and loud and stated that , ‘ We were here first . ' ”
The victim told officers that Bishop , then working as a Harvard researcher , came to her table and launched into an abusive , profanity - laced tirade .
The woman was at IHOP with her two young children , whose ages are not listed on the report .
Bishop was so irate that the restaurant manager came over to try to calm her down .
“ She continued to shout and at one point exclaimed loudly , ‘ I am Dr. Amy Bishop ! ” the report says .
When the manager asked Bishop to leave , it says , she punched the other mother in the right side of the head .
Bonaiuto said the manager wrote down Bishop ’s license plate number as she was driving away .
The case file indicates that the district attorney ’s office sought a guilty finding from the judge , plus supervised probation and anger management classes for Bishop .
Bonaiuto said the records are unclear whether Bishop was given supervised or unsupervised probation , or if she attended the anger management course .
Peabody , a city of about 55,000 on Boston ’s North Shore , has seen its share of sensational crimes .
But Bonaiuto , the police department ’s public information officer , said few things have generated as much media interest as the eight - year - old IHOP incident .
“ Between yesterday and today , I ’ve probably had 15 to 20 calls ” from reporters across the country digging into Bishop ’s past , he said Wednesday .
— End Update —
Amy Bishop Held Shotgun on Police After Killing Brother , Report Says
Via : Boston Globe :
Amy Bishop was crouched behind a parked car , gripping a pump-action shotgun with one shell in the chamber and another in her pocket .
Workers at a nearby business were yelling , “ There ’s a girl with a gun ! ’’ and running away .
A police officer approached cautiously , holding his pistol behind his leg as he tried to reason with the wild - eyed 21 - year - old .
But Bishop would not budge .
“ Miss Bishop seemed frightened , disoriented , and confused , but she kept both her hands on the shotgun at all times , ’’ the officer wrote in a police report .
“ She would n’t drop the gun . ’’
It was n’t until another officer sneaked up behind her that Bishop was finally handcuffed and taken to the Braintree police station that December day in 1986 .
Bishop was not charged in the events of that day , which began with the shooting death of her brother and was followed by her attempt to hold up an auto dealership and her bid to resist arrest .
Now , she is a 45 - year - old biology professor accused of gunning down three colleagues in Alabama last week , and prosecutors here in Massachusetts are taking another look at the incidents in Braintree in 1986 .
They concluded yesterday that there had been probable cause to charge her in the decades - old case , if not in the death of her brother , which was deemed accidental , then for her actions afterward .
The reports prosecutors used to make the determination – which included statements that Bishop , her mother , and her father made to Braintree police – were released publicly for the first time yesterday and paint a vivid portrait of a harrowing series of events that chilly December day .
In some respects it seemed like a typical Saturday .
Amy ’s mother , Judy , left the house at about 7 a.m. to visit a nearby stable , while her husband and two children remained behind .
An unsettling incident then marred the domestic scene : Samuel , Amy ’s father , said he had a disagreement with Amy over a comment she made , the nature of which has never been disclosed .
He then left the house at about 11:30 a.m. to do some shopping at the South Shore Mall , leaving Amy in her room while her brother , Seth , washed Samuel ’s car , according to the police reports .
Amy ventured into her parents ’ bedroom , where she found her father ’s shotgun lying on a chest of drawers and shells for the gun resting on a bureau .
While Amy told police about the “ spat ’ ’ she had with her father , she insisted she went to her parents ’ room for the shotgun because she was worried about a possible robbery , as the house had been burglarized about a year earlier .
After returning to her room , Amy loaded the gun , although she had never been trained to use the weapon .
And when she tried to unload it , she told police , the gun went off , putting a hole in her bedroom wall , which she attempted to conceal with a book cover and a metal Band - Aid box later found by police .
Shortly before the gun went off in Amy ’s room , her mother returned from the stable with lunch in mind .
Discovering there was little to eat , Seth went out shopping and returned with the makings of a family meal .
He dropped the groceries in the family kitchen , moved into the living room to turn on the television , and returned to the kitchen just as Amy came downstairs carrying the shotgun .
Amy told police she went downstairs to ask Seth for help unloading it .
Seth and his father were members of a local gun club and Seth had been trained to use the weapon .
And upon entering the kitchen , Amy said , Seth told her to point the gun up .
When she did , she was distracted by something her mother said – perhaps her mother telling her not to point it at anyone – and the gun went off a second time , leaving her brother bleeding to death on the family ’s kitchen floor , the reports said .
There were some discrepancies in the accounts Amy and her mother gave police .
Amy said she asked Seth for help unloading the gun , for instance , while her mother said Amy asked her for help .
But both accounts end with her shooting her brother in the chest .
Amy ran from the house , gripping the shotgun .
She told police that “ she thought she had dropped the gun when she ran . ’’
But that was hardly the case , according to police reports .
Minutes later , workers discovered her in a stairway at the Dave Dinger Ford dealership .
Thomas Pettigrew and Jeff Doyle said Amy pointed the shotgun at them and told them she wanted a car and a set of keys .
She kept her weapon trained on them and backed out of the shop onto a nearby street .
Braintree police found her crouched behind a parked car , gripping the pump-action shotgun .
— End Update —
Update : Amy Bishop Wrote a Novel “ About a Virus That Made All Women Barren and Ended Mankind ” ; Other Novels About the IRA
Ok , so now I ’ll tick the Kill Off and False Flag Operations boxes as well .
Additionally , in this latest story , Bishop ’s husband changes his story about the gun .
Now he says “ someone ” loaned her the gun ; what has already been referred to as an “ unregistered ” gun .
Speculation :
The novels might have provided Bishop with an outlet for the crosstalk between the multiple personalities that are always a component of trauma induced mind control .
These multiples “ chatter ” to each other in the victim ’s head .
Via : Boston Globe :
A former Braintree police chief backed away yesterday from his earlier defense of a 1986 decision not to press charges against Amy Bishop , who shot her brother to death that year and then , on Friday , allegedly killed three of her colleagues at the University of Alabama .
John Polio , now 87 , said in an interview yesterday that after reading a State Police report compiled in 1986 and released to the public last weekend , he has questions about the quality of the investigation into the death of Seth Bishop , which was declared an accident .
The report , which Polio said was not given to him at the time , reveals that State Police did not interview Amy Bishop and her mother , who witnessed the shooting , until 11 days later , and there were some discrepancies in their accounts of what happened .
“ When I hear everything and I see this report for the first time , if this information was at my hands then , yes , I would have to do a lot of thinking before I made a decision then , ’’ Polio said .
Polio ’s comments came as Bishop , 45 , stood before a judge in Alabama for the first time since the shooting .
At a closed - door hearing , the charges against her were explained .
Meanwhile , in Massachusetts , neighbors and colleagues shared revealing recollections about Bishop during her days living in Braintree , Newton , and Ipswich and studying at Northeastern and Harvard universities .
They described her as someone who was obviously bright , but also difficult or odd .
In Newton , neighbor Johnny Henk said he remembered Bishop as a “ wacky ’ ’ woman who was often seen yelling at her husband and children , but who also would play the violin in her home and invite neighborhood children to sit and listen .
“ One minute she ’s fine , the other minutes hollering and screaming , ’’ Henk said .
In Ipswich , police said that Bishop called 911 so many times to complain about the noise of children riding dirt bikes or playing basketball that police referred to her and her husband as “ regular customers . ’’
“ There was never enough we could do for them , ’’ Officer Michael Thomas said .
“ When someone calls the police a lot about their neighbors , it says either they are not able to cooperate enough with them or that they are just unable to adapt to a neighborhood . ’’
And in Hamilton , where Bishop joined a writing group , other aspiring authors recalled that the biologist - writer was talented but awkward .
Bishop had penned three dramatic novels – a suspense thriller about an IRA operative ; a tale about a virus that made all women barren and ended mankind ; and a book she titled “ Martians in Belfast , ’’ which recounted the life of a girl growing up during the Troubles of Ireland , according to Rob Dinsmoor , a member of the Hamilton Writers Group , which Bishop attended in the late 1990s .
“ She really had a knack for writing character , dread , and suspense , ’’ Dinsmoor said .
But , he said , she sometimes felt ill at ease in the academic world .
“ She did n’t know how to interact with them .
She would just say what ’s on her mind , and that would get her in trouble . ’’
The shootings in Alabama dredged up some powerful memories for a former mechanic in Braintree , who was at work on the day in 1986 that Bishop shot her brother and then ran from the family home .
Tom Pettigrew said a wild - eyed Bishop burst into the dealership where he was working , pointed a shotgun at employees , and said that she had had a fight with her husband and he was going to come after her , so she needed a getaway car .
“ I yelled , ‘ What are you doing ? ’ and she screamed at me to put my hands up .
So I put my hands up , ’’ recalled Pettigrew , 45 , in an interview at his home in Quincy yesterday .
Pettigrew said Braintree police briefly questioned him and several other employees , but authorities never contacted him again .
Now , after the deaths in Alabama , Pettigrew wonders why authorities did n’t follow up more aggressively .
“ It was almost like they wanted to put it on the shelf and forget about it , ’’ said Pettigrew , whose encounter with Bishop was first reported by the Boston Herald yesterday .
“ I think if that happened to me I ’d be wrapping up a long prison sentence .
But with this , it seems like they just wanted it to go away . ’’
Polio , the Braintree police chief at the time , said yesterday that he knew Bishop had to be apprehended at gunpoint , but he said he did not know she had pointed the shotgun at Pettigrew .
Polio said he allowed officers to release Bishop on the day of the shooting because the lead investigator , Captain Theodore Buker , told him she was too emotional to interview .
Buker recommended that the case be handed to the district attorney ’s office because “ there were too many questions , ’’ Polio said .
Buker remained on the case , but State Police were the lead investigators , Polio said .
Polio said Buker , who has since died , told him the district attorney ’s office had decided not to pursue the charges .
Polio had no reason to question it at the time , he said yesterday .
“ I took the word of my captain , I took the word of the State Police , ’’ he said .
“ All I know is that they investigated , they found it to be accidental and that was it .
But when I got all this other material . . .
I found it to be deficient in answers . ’’
In particular , Polio said , the report has too little information about ballistics .
Polio ’s handling of the case has been questioned by the current Braintree police chief , Paul H. Frazier , and the mayor of Braintree , Joseph Sullivan , has pledged to look for missing police records about the case .
The district attorney who decided not to pursue charges against Bishop in 1986 was William Delahunt , now a member of Congress from Massachusetts .
Delahunt , who is in the Middle East , has not returned calls for comment over the last three days .
Yesterday his spokesman , Mark Forest , said the congressman has “ very little recollection ’ ’ of the case but said his decision was based on a State Police investigation that declared the shooting an accident .
John Kivlan , Delahunt ’s first assistant district attorney who reviewed the police reports into the shooting of Seth Bishop and accepted the police finding of an accident , yesterday acknowledged there were inconsistencies in the statements that Amy Bishop and her mother , Judy Bishop , provided .
But he said those discrepancies did not challenge the overall finding by police that it was an accidental discharge .
Kivlan , however , said his assessment would probably have been different if he had been aware that Amy Bishop had fled the residence and pointed a shotgun at a man at a nearby car dealership , demanding keys to a car .
He said that information was not contained in the report .
“ At the end of the day , we do n’t have to accept the [ police ] report given to us , ’’ Kivlan said .
“ But there was nothing we knew of to contradict the finding of an accidental discharge . ’’
State Police spokesman Dave Procopio said the trooper who conducted the investigation has retired , but that the agency will check its archives this week to see if there are additional records .
A spokesman for the current Norfolk district attorney , William Keating , said that at this point , prosecutors have no reason to reopen the case .
Bishop is now facing one count of capital murder and three counts of attempted murder after allegedly shooting her colleagues during a faculty meeting Friday afternoon .
Three people were killed and three others were injured .
Huntsville police spokesman Mark Roberts said yesterday that Bishop did not have a permit to carry the 9 mm handgun she allegedly used Friday and investigators are still trying to determine who owned the gun and how Bishop acquired it .
Bishop ’s husband , James Anderson , told the Chronicle of Higher Education yesterday that his wife had recently borrowed a handgun and had practiced with it at an indoor gun range .
He said she would not tell him who loaned her the gun and was “ very cagey . ’’
He said she had been worried about “ crazy students ’ ’ since someone had followed her across campus last summer .
But he said he warned his wife not to bring the gun to work .
Huntsville police also remain interested in Bishop ’s connection to a 1993 attempted mail - bombing of a Harvard professor with whom she worked in a hospital laboratory .
Federal authorities did not press charges and have never apprehended anyone in the case .
Anderson has said that he and his wife were not suspects in the case , but rather “ subjects ’ ’ who were cleared by investigators .
— End Update —
Update : AP Video :
It did n’t happen .
There ’s no way .
They ’re still alive .
— End Update —
Update : The Weapon Was Unregistered
Unregistered .
That is , it was n’t registered to anyone .
Hmm .
The last time I checked , Harvard liberals do n’t usually have access to unregistered firearms .
Who — or more like what type of organization — would have access to combat handguns that show no registration in the aftermath of a mass shooting ?
At this point , I ’ll tick the Covert Operations box as well .
Via : CBS
News :
Police say the gun she ’s accused of using in the Alabama shooting was n’t registered , and investigators do n’t know how or where she got it .
Bishop , who has four children , was arrested soon after the shooting and charged with capital murder .
Three counts of attempted murder were filed against Bishop over the weekend , according to jail records .
Her husband was detained and questioned by police but has not been charged .
HUSBAND’S COMMENTS
James Anderson said his wife had an attorney but would not say who it was .
He declined further comment to The Associated Press on Sunday .
However , he told the Chronicle of Higher Education earlier in the day that he had no idea his wife had a gun — nor did he know of any threats or plans to carry out the shooting when he dropped her off at the faculty meeting Friday .
— End Update —
Update : Mother Worked for Local Police at Time of Shooting Death of Brother
Via : New York Post :
Years earlier , a 20 - year - old Bishop shot dead her 18 - year - old brother with a shotgun in their Braintree , Mass . , home .
Although she fired three times , the local police — who employed Bishop ’s mother in the personnel department — believed her story that the shooting was an accident .
Much of the paperwork from the investigation has disappeared .
— End Update —
Update : Husband Did n’t Know Where She Got Gun Used for Target Practice ?
WTF ???
Via : Boston Globe :
Anderson told the Associated Press the couple had recently gone to a shooting range , but he did n’t know where she got the gun she used for target practice that day .
— End Update —
Update : Far -Left Political Extremist “ Obsessed ” with Obama ?
Hmm .
I have n’t seen this anywhere else .
What does it even mean ?
Was she “ obsessed ” with Obama because she thought highly of him ?
Or was she “ obsessed ” with him because he was n’t living up to her expectations ?
Via : Boston Globe :
A family source said Bishop , a mother of four children – the youngest a third - grade boy – was a far - left political extremist who was “ obsessed ” with President Obama to the point of being off - putting .
— End Update —
Update : Family Did Not Own a Gun ; Husband “ Baffled About Where She May Have Gotten the Gun She Is Accused of Using ” ; Visited Firing Range Week Before Shooting
Via : ABC News :
James Anderson , whose wife Amy Bishop has been accused of the killing rampage at the University of Alabama - Huntsville , has a message for his wife : “ I love her . ”
“ She ’s barely holding up , ” he told ABC affiliate WCVB - TV in Boston today .
“ Nobody understands what happened .
Nobody knew .
Sit down and talk to her about what went wrong . ”
Anderson said he did n’t believe his wife — a brilliant scientist who colleagues said had been upset about not receiving tenure — was capable of finding out who her alleged victims were for retribution .
And when asked why she might have killed , if she did , he said , “ I am not a psychologist .
Meanwhile , Anderson told The Associated Press that he and Bishop went to a shooting range just weeks before the killing , but said the family did not own a gun .
He said he is still baffled about where she may have gotten the gun she is accused of using .
“ I feel for all these people , ” he told ABC .
“ I wish it had never came to this .
She was loved and respected by everyone , students and assistants .
All the nursing students liked and loved her . ”
Bishop , 42 , has been arrested and charged in the shooting deaths of three professors and the wounding of three others Friday at a faculty meeting .
She could face the death penalty .
Anderson told the Chronicle of Higher Education that his wife had called from jail and said , “ I know you guys are obviously in shock , ” and asked if their four children had done their homework .
Before the shootings , he said , his wife had said nothing and he assumed their Friday “ date night ” was still on .
But a former colleague of Bishop ’s has described her as “ an oddball . ”
Sylvia Fluckiger , a lab technician who worked with Bishop at Children ’s Hospital in Boston , said her colleague was “ socially a little awkward , ” according to the Boston Globe .
Fluckiger and her husband Rudolph worked together at Children ’s Hospital in the early 1990s where he was a researcher .
Bishop helped Rudolph Fluckiger write a research paper as a medical student .
More recently , some of Bishop ’s students had mostly praise for the biology professor at the University of Alabama .
They gave her an overall 3.6 rating out of 5 on RateMyProfessors.com .
She was “ absolutely the bomb !
Knows her stuff cold , and quick - witted , too . ”
One commenter said she was “ surprised ” the Harvard graduate was “ not a snob . ”
“ Dr. Bishop is brilliant , ” another said .
“ Her research is fascinating .
She will surely get the Nobel Prize .
She is the best teacher I have ever had . ”
But another said that , although she graduated from Harvard , “ she has very little common sense . ”
The alleged violent past of the once respected University of Alabama professor accused of the fatal shooting rampage has stunned the families of her victims .
Sherry Foley , 63 , who lives in the same Alabama neighborhood as Bishop , was still in shock over her arrest .
“ You ca n’t believe that someone you know that lives just down the street can do something like this , ” she said .
“ It ’s like with sex offenders .
You never really know what people are and they might be living right next to you . ”
And news unearthed this weekend that Bishop had shot and killed her 18 - year - old brother , Seth Bishop , in 1986 , swirled .
Declared accidental at the time , Braintree , Mass. , police say they were never comfortable with the ruling .
Investigators also revealed that seven years later , Bishop was the prime suspect in a 1993 mail bombing attempt on a Harvard Medical School professor .
“ I just feel angry , ” LaTasha Davis , stepdaughter of shooting victim Maria Davis — one of the dead — told “ Good Morning America ” today .
“ How did she even get a job working at the school when she had that type of background ? ”
She was reportedly upset about being denied tenure at the school .
Husband Anderson told the Chronicle of Higher Education that one of her bosses had sent her negative e-mail they called “ nastygrams . ”
When she called him less than an hour after he dropped her off for the faculty meeting Friday , Anderson said , Bishop made no mention of the shootings and told him they were still on for their date night .
LaTasha Davis and her sister , Melissa Davis , told “ Good Morning America ” they believe Bishop was able to get a list of which professors did not vote in her favor for tenure and used it to plan the shooting .
Also killed , according to the Associated Press were , Gopi K. Podila , the chairman of the Department of Biological Sciences , and faculty member Adriel Johnson .
Melissa Davis said she had taken a class with Bishop and found her to be disorganized and prone to rambling .
“ I remember thinking , ‘ I ’m glad I ’m not sitting in calculus or anything like that , ' ” she said .
Melissa Davis said she hopes the shooting will lead to more thorough background checks for its faculty and staff .
“ We both loved Maria and believe she never should have been killed like this , ” she said .
The Davis sisters remembered their stepmother as a calming presence in the house .
Maria Davis married their father after the girls ’ mother died when they were teenagers .
“ Maria came in with this gentle kind heart , ” Melissa said , adding that she never left the house without telling her family that she loved them .
In contrast , Amy Bishop seemed to harbor anger and resentment .
Though investigators say they will not re-open the investigation into the 1993 attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor , those who worked with her at the time say it was terrifying .
“ We were completely rattled — it was the time of the Unabomber , ” former co-worker Sylvia Fluckiger said of the two homemade pipe bombs that were sent to the professor ’s house .
The bombs were later detonated by the bomb squad .
Once again , Bishop was never charged due to lack of evidence .
And , authorities , say the motive seemed to be eerily similar to the potential motive in the Alabama rampage — Bishop was reportedly upset about a negative evaluation she was expecting to get from the targeted professor .
Fluckiger , who worked with Bishop at a research lab , said she remembered Bishop and the professor having a disagreement .
“ I just know there was an argument … that the police questioned her , ” Fluckiger said .
“ She had told me they talked to her about those bombs .
She had like a grin on her face . ”
Investigators said that during the investigation into the bombing , they found a novel on her computer that described a scientist who had shot her brother and then sought redemption .
— End Update —
Update : Quincy Man Recalls Amy Bishop with Gun After Shooting of Her Brother
Via : Boston Globe :
Shortly after fatally shooting her brother in 1986 , Amy Bishop held two men at gunpoint and demanded a getaway car at an auto repair shop near her family ’s Braintree home , according to one of the men involved .
Carrying a shotgun by her side , a 21 - year - old Bishop walked intently across a car lot into the adjacent storefront , where she began searching for car keys .
Coming down from the second floor , she was heading toward the garage when she ran into Tom Pettigrew and a friend , who had spotted her in the parking lot and came to investigate .
“ Her gun hit me in the chest , ” Pettigrew , 45 , recalled from his Quincy apartment .
“ I yelled , ‘ What are you doing ? ’ and she screamed at me to put my hands up .
So I put my hands up . ”
On Friday , Bishop , a biology professor at the University of Alabama , allegedly opened fire at a faculty meeting , killing three colleagues and wounding three others .
Investigators soon discovered that Bishop had killed her younger brother in 1986 with a shotgun , a shooting that was ruled accidental .
But the Braintree police chief has cast doubt on that conclusion , and the armed confrontation at the garage provides new insight into her state of mind after her brother ’s death .
The Boston Herald first reported Pettigrew ’s account of the events today .
Only minutes after that shooting , according to Pettigrew , Bishop frantically told workers at the garage she had been in an argument with her husband and needed a car to escape , nervously scanning the premises as she kept the gun pointed at their backs .
“ She kept saying ‘ I need a car , I need to get out of here , ' ” Pettigrew recalled .
“ She said he would be looking for her , and that if he found her he would kill her .
She seemed terrified . ”
Investigators said there were only three people in the Bishop home at the time of the shooting – Bishop , her mother , and her brother .
Her father had left to go shopping after he and Bishop had a disagreement .
In her statement to detectives , Bishop said she raced out the door after the shooting and believed she had dropped the gun behind her .
She said she could not recall anything else that happened until she saw her mother at the police station after being taken into custody .
Pettigrew said he tried to defuse the situation by calmly asking her what was wrong , but she did not seem to hear him .
“ At the time , I remember thinking she was out of her mind , ” said Pettigrew , who was stunned when he learned that the thin , mousy teenager who once held him at gunpoint had been charged in the Alabama rampage .
At times , Bishop held the gun loosely , and did not appear to be familiar with firearms , said Pettigrew , an experienced hunter .
So he and his friend , moving on eye contact , fled in opposite directions .
Bishop did not fire at them .
“ She just looked around agitated , ” he said .
“ She did n’t know what to do . ”
Seconds later , police surrounded the area , and quickly seized her , he said .
Later , Braintree police briefly questioned Pettigrew and several other employees , and authorities never contacted Pettigrew again .
He read in the paper the family shooting had been ruled an accident , and that Bishop was not charged with a crime .
Now , after the deaths in Alabama , Pettigrew wonders why authorities did n’t follow up more aggressively , and wonders whether things could have turned out differently if they had .
“ It was almost like they wanted to put it on the shelf and forget about it , ” he said .
“ I think if that happened to me I ’d be wrapping up a long prison sentence .
But with this , it seems like they just wanted it to go away . ”
— End Update —
Update : Amy Bishop Was a Suspect in Attempted Bombing of Harvard Professor
Via : Boston Globe :
The professor who is accused of killing three colleagues at the University of Alabama on Friday was a suspect in the attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor in 1993 , a law enforcement official said today .
Amy Bishop and her husband , James Anderson , were questioned after a package containing two bombs was sent to the Newton home of Dr. Paul Rosenberg , a professor and doctor at Boston ’s Children ’s Hospital .
It was the second startling revelation in two days about the past of Bishop , who is accused of fatally shooting three colleagues and wounding three others Friday afternoon at a faculty meeting on the University of Alabama ’s Huntsville , Ala. campus .
A Massachusetts police chief revealed Saturday that Bishop had fatally shot her brother in 1986 .
Rosenberg was opening mail , which had been set aside by a cat - sitter , when he returned from a Caribbean vacation on Dec. 19 , 1993 , according to Globe reports at the time .
Opening a long , thin package addressed to “ Mr. Paul Rosenberg M.D. , ” he saw wires and a cylinder inside .
He and his wife ran from the house and called police .
The package contained two 6 - inch pipe bombs connected to two nine - volt batteries .
In March 1994 , the Globe reported that federal investigators had identified a prime suspect in the case .
But the article did not name the suspect .
A law enforcement official said today that the investigation by the US Postal Service and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms focused on Bishop , a Harvard postdoctoral fellow who was working in the human biochemstry lab at Children ’s Hospital at the time , and her husband , Anderson .
Bishop surfaced as a suspect because she was allegedly concerned that she was going to receive a negative evaluation from Rosenberg on her doctorate work , the official said .
The official said investigators believed she had a motive to target Rosenberg and were concerned that she had a history of violence , given that she had shot her brother to death in 1986 .
Investigators conducted a search of the home where Bishop and Anderson were living and questioned the couple , the official said .
Anderson was questioned about whether he had purchased any of the components used to make the bombs , the official said .
During a search of Bishop ’s computer , authorities found a draft of a novel that Bishop was writing about a female scientist who had killed her brother and was hoping to make amends by becoming a great scientist , according to a person who was briefed on the investigation and spoke to the Globe on the condition of anonymity .
The US attorney ’s office in Boston did not seek any charges against Bishop or Anderson , and no one was ever charged with mailing the bombs to Rosenberg .
Federal prosecutors did not immediately return calls today .
At his home , Rosenberg declined to comment today and referred questions to Children ’s Hospital administrators .
Hospital officials said information on Bishop and the case was not immediately available and declined further comment .
Sylvia Fluckiger , a lab technician who worked with Bishop at the time , said Bishop had been in a dispute with Rosenberg shortly before the bombs were discovered .
Shortly after the attempted bombing , Fluckiger said , Bishop told her she had been questioned by police one day in the lab .
According to Fluckiger , Bishop said police asked her if she had ever taken stamps off an envelope that had been mailed to her and put them on something else .
“ She said it with a smirk on her face , ” said Fluckiger .
“ We knew she had a beef with Paul Rosenberg .
And we really thought it was a really unbelievable coincidence that he would get those bombs . ”
Sergeant Mark Roberts , a spokesman for the Huntsville Police , said today that police in Alabama had been informed that Bishop was a suspect in the 1993 mail bombing case .
“ Presently , we are trying to confirm it through law enforcement resources , ” he said .
Roberts said the crime scene at the university was so large — the building is some three acres — that detectives had just finished gathering all the evidence in the shootings .
“ What we ’re doing now , they finally got all the evidence and they ’re starting to go through it , ” he said .
Bishop , 44 , a professor at the University of Alabama in Huntsville since 2003 , allegedly opened fire during a faculty meeting Friday , killing three colleagues and wounding three others , reportedly after learning at the meeting that she was being denied tenure .
Her husband was detained and questioned by police but has not been charged .
On Saturday , the police chief in Braintree confirmed that Bishop had fatally shot her brother in the family home in December 1986 .
Chief Paul Frazier raised questions about the circumstances of the shooting and the lack of records on the case , but the Norfolk County district attorney ’s office released a State Police investigation report that concluded that the shooting was an accident .
— End Update —
Update : Ditched Weapon in Bathroom , Then Called Her Husband for a Ride ???
Via : al.com :
A professor used a 9 mm pistol to shoot six people , killing three , before ditching the weapon in a second - floor bathroom at UAH , police say .
She then called her husband for a ride .
Police found the weapon used in the deadly shooting , which occurred during a biology faculty meeting , late last night in a bathroom on the second floor of the Shelby Center for Science and Technology .
Amy Bishop ’s husband , James Anderson , was detained after the shooting but has not been charged .
Further charges may be pending against Bishop , including attempted murder charges for the three people wounded during yesterday ’s shooting at UAH , said District Attorney Rob Broussard .
Bishop was arrested without incident in the parking lot as she tried to leave campus , police spokesman Sgt. Mark Roberts said .
Additional charges will come after a preliminary hearing , which will be scheduled six weeks to two months from now .
— End Update —
Update : Shooting Victims
Via : New York Times :
Officials said the dead were all biology professors : G. K. Podila , the department ’s chairman , who is a native of India , according to a family friend who answered the phone at his house ; Maria Ragland Davis ; and Adriel D. Johnson Sr. Two other biology professors , Luis Rogelio Cruz - Vera and Joseph G. Leahy , as well as a professor ’s assistant , Stephanie Monticciolo , were at Huntsville Hospital .
Mr. Cruz - Vera was in fair condition ; the others were in critical condition .
— End Update —
Update : Bishop Shot and Killed Her Own Brother 24 Years Ago ; Police Records from Case Missing Since At Least 1988
Cryptogon reader dilinger sent this .
Via : Boston Globe :
The University of Alabama biology professor accused of slaying three of her colleagues fatally shot her brother in Massachusetts more than two decades ago , a local police chief said today , while at the same time raising troubling questions about how the long - ago incident was handled .
The Boston Globe reported at the time that Amy Bishop had accidentally shot her 18 - year - old brother , Seth M. Bishop , an accomplished violinist who had won a number of science awards , in Braintree .
Braintree Police Chief Paul Frazier confirmed today at a news conference that Amy Bishop had shot her brother in 1986 .
But Frazier offered a different account of the shooting , saying Bishop had shot her brother during an argument and was being booked by police when the chief at the time ordered the booking process stopped and Bishop released to her mother .
Frazier said he was basing his statements on the memories of one of his officers who was on the department at the time and had arrested Bishop .
He said the records from the case have been missing since at least 1988 .
“ I do n’t want to use the word ‘ coverup ’ … but this does not look good , ” he said .
Then - Police Chief John Polio told the Globe in 1986 that Bishop had asked her mother , Judith , in the presence of her brother how to unload a round from the chamber of a 12 - gauge shotgun .
Polio told the Globe that while Amy Bishop was handling the weapon , it fired , wounding Seth Bishop in the abdomen .
He was pronounced dead at a hospital 46 minutes after the Dec. 6 , 1986 shooting .
“ Every indication at this point in time leads us to believe it was an accidental shooting , ” Polio said at the time .
In an interview at his home this afternoon , Polio , 87 , said , “ There was no coverup . ”
He said he followed all department procedures and then - District Attorney William Delahunt ’s office conducted an inquiry and the decision was made not to file charges .
Polio at times fumbled over names and did not remember some details of the case .
He was not aware until told by reporters that Bishop was accused of the shootings in Alabama .
Delahunt , who is now a US representative , could not immediately be reached for comment this afternoon .
But Frazier said the media had been fed an incorrect story .
He said that there was an argument at the home on Hollis Avenue and Amy Bishop had fired three shots , including the fatal one , then fled the house and pointed the shotgun at a motorist in an attempted carjack .
She was then arrested at gunpoint by officers .
In Friday ’s shooting , Bishop , 42 , a Harvard - educated neurobiologist , allegedly shot and killed three of her colleagues and wounded three others in an apparent tenure dispute at the Huntsville campus , the Associated Press reports .
— End Update —
Update : UAH Launches Space Experiment
Via : The Exponent :
At exactly 8:07 am on Saturday , March 7th , a two - month - long project was successfully off the ground and into the air .
The Colleges of Science , Nursing , and Engineering all worked together to launch a balloon that carried a payload of nerve cells into space , measuring how they are affected by radiation in the atmosphere .
A couple dozen students and spectators watched the enormous 2 kg balloon as it made its journey above the atmosphere .
Organizing three different colleges to collaborate on one project is no small feat , but the success of this experiment proves it can be done .
“ It ’s hard to get biologists and engineers to work together ! ” remarked case manager Alwin Heuer .
The College of Nursing funded the project , the MAE Department ’s Space Hardware Club constructed the balloon assembly , and Amy Bishop of the biology lab provided the nerve cells .
A unique aspect of this project includes the payload itself .
Before this experiment , there was no way to transport living cells in a portable environment .
James Anderson , owner of Cherokee Lab Systems and creator of the cell drive transporter , combined all his knowledge of electrical and computer engineering and biology to invent the device .
“ It was n’t easy to create , and I ’ve been working on it for a while , and this experiment gave me a reason to finish it . ”
The device is patent - pending .
After the balloon was set loose , a team of chasers immediately jumped into their vehicles to pursue the balloon via a GPS tracking system .
It reached a height of 99,000 feet ( 18.75 miles ) , and eventually parachuted down northeast of Chattanooga .
Everything was intact on recovery , and the cell drive transporter performed its job perfectly .
When taken back to the lab , many of the cells were dead , and the next step is to grow the living ones and see how they react .
“ We love working with MAE guys , and we could n’t have done this without them ! ” says Nursing Professor Lynx McClellan after the payload was recovered .
“ Now we ’re excited to work with the Biology Department to study the cells . ”
— End Update —
Update : Bishop ’s Lab Was Developing a “ Neural Computer ”
Via : Google Cache of Bishop ’s University of Alabama Bio Page :
My laboratory ’s goal will be to continue in our effort to develop a neural computer , the Neuristor™ , using living neurons .
This computer will exploit all of the advantages of neurons .
Specifically , neurons rich with the nitric oxide ( NO ) dependent learning receptor , N Methyl D Aspartate receptor ( NMDAR ) , will be utilized .
These have previously been studied in the context of induced adaptive resistance to NO ( IAR ) .
For the Neuristor ™ we will take advantage of the IAR phenomena since it has been demonstrated that IAR neurons express more learning and memory receptors ( NMDAR ) as well as increased neurite outgrowth .
The neurons that we are currently using are mammalian motor neurons .
We are exploring the possibility of using neurons derived from adult stem cells , and from bony fishes provided by Bruce Stallsmith Ph.D .
This laboratory has created a portable cell culture incubator , the Cell Drive™ that is an ideal support structure for the Neuristor™ .
— End Update —
Update : Professor Allegedly Opens Fire on Co-workers After Not Receiving Tenure
Via : WHNT :
Dr. Amy Bishop , the suspect in Friday afternoon ’s shooting inside UAHuntsville ’s Shelby Building , is in police custody .
The biology professor , who is in her 40’s , was detained after she allegedly entered a biology department faculty meeting Friday afternoon and opened fire on co-workers .
Multiple sources have stated that Dr. Bishop was notified Friday morning she would not be receiving tenure and that this may have served as the catalyst in Friday ’s tragedy .
Dr. Bishop received her doctorate from Harvard University ’s Department of Genetics and came to UAHuntsville in the fall of 2003 as an assistant professor of biology .
UAHuntsville ’s website listed her courses taught as :
BYS 313 : Anatomy & Physiology 1
BYS 314 : Anatomy & Physiology 2
BYS 400/600 : Introduction to Neuroscience
Special Topics 691 : Mechanisms of resistance to oxidative stress in the CNS
Special Topics 692 : Research
She also conducted numerous research projects focused on molecular biology of oxidative stress , neurobiology , neuroengineering and induced adaptive resistance and has been cited in multiple publications .
Dr. Bishop ’s husband , Jim Anderson , was also taken in for questioning .
He is reportedly the owner / chief science officer of Cherokee Labsystems in Huntsville .
One online business profile site lists Cherokee Lab Systems as a private company categorized under Telephone Services and located in Huntsville , AL .
Current estimates show this company has an annual revenue of $ 120,000 and employs a staff of approximately 3 .
Friday evening , two Huntsville Police cruisers were stationed outside the couple ’s south Huntsville home .
A neighbor , Josh Hudgins , told WHNT NEWS 19 that he saw the couple around 3 p.m. Friday afternoon .
Hudgins stated , “ I had dropped my daughter off about 2 :30 , 3:00 … came back around that corner .
And , they had some duffel bags sitting on the ground next to their car and the kids were playing in the street looked like they were getting ready to go on a trip maybe . ”
Shortly after 4 p.m. is when Amy Bishop allegedly walked into the Shelby Center , went to the 3rd floor and started gunning down co-workers in a faculty meeting .
Huntsville Police officers questioned Dr. Bishop for more than 5 hours at the department ’s south precinct .
WHNT NEWS 19 cameras were camped outside the south precinct and captured video of her as officers brought her out .
She remarked , “ It did n’t happen .
There ’s no way . ”
WHNT NEWS 19 ’S Nick Banaszak asked her , “ What about the people who died ? ” Bishop replied , “ There ’s no way .
They ’re still alive . ”
Bishop is accused of killing 3 fellow biology professors .
But as of Friday night , she had only been charged with one count of capital murder .
Bishop could face the death penalty if convicted .
WHNT NEWS 19 is continuing to track down new information about Dr. Biship and we will continue to update this story as we confirm more information .
— End Update —
Update : “ Police Said They Were Also Interviewing a Man as ‘ A Person of Interest . ' ”
Via : CBS News :
The biology professor accused of gunning down three colleagues at the University of Alabama in Huntsville was described as “ not being able to deal with reality , ” by one of her victims , according to the victim ’s husband .
Sammie Lee Davis , whose wife Maria Ragland Davis was killed at a faculty meeting , said his wife also described the alleged shooter , 42 - year - old Amy Bishop , as “ not as good as she thought she was . ”
Bishop was charged Friday night with one count of capital murder , which means she could face the death penalty if convicted .
Three of Bishop ’s fellow biology professors were killed and three other university employees were wounded .
No students were harmed in the shooting , which happened in a community known for its space and technology industries .
Several sources told CBS News affiliate WHNT - TV in Huntsville that after being denied tenure in the morning , the suspect walked into a biology department faculty meeting Friday afternoon and opened fire .
Davis said he was told those at the meeting were discussing tenure for Bishop , who had been an assistant professor since 2003 .
Authorities have not discussed a motive .
Dave Williams , the university ’s president , said the “ whole campus is in shock , ” but would n’t speculate on a motive for the shooting .
Appearing on CBS ’ “ The Early Show Saturday Edition ” , Williams said classes would be canceled next week and the school has not determined when they will resume .
Students offered varying assessments of Bishop .
Andrea Bennett , a sophomore majoring in nursing , described Bishop as being “ very weird ” and “ a really big nerd . ”
“ She ’s well - known on campus , but I would n’t say she ’s a good teacher .
I ’ve heard a lot of complaints , ” Bennett said .
“ She ’s a genius , but she really just ca n’t explain things . ”
Bennett , an athlete at UAH , said her coach told her team Bishop had been denied tenure and that may have led to the shooting .
Amanda Tucker , a junior nursing major from Alabaster , Ala. , had Bishop for anatomy class about a year ago .
Tucker said a group of students complained to a dean about Bishop ’s performance in the classroom .
“ When it came down to tests , and people asked her what was the best way to study , she ’d just tell you , ‘ Read the book . ’
When the test came , there were just ridiculous questions .
No one even knew what she was asking , ” said Tucker .
But Nick Lawton , 25 , described Bishop as funny and accommodating with students .
“ She lectured from the textbook , mostly stuck to the subject matter at hand , ” Nick Lawton said .
“ She seemed like a nice enough professor . ”
UAH student Andrew Cole was in Bishop ’s anatomy class Friday morning and said she seemed perfectly normal .
“ She ’s understanding , and was concerned about students , ” he said .
“ I would have never thought it was her . ”
Bishop , a neurobiologist who studied at Harvard University , was taken Friday night in handcuffs from a police precinct to the county jail and could be heard saying , “ It did n’t happen .
There ’s no way .
…
They are still alive . ”
Police said they were also interviewing a man as “ a person of interest . ”
University spokesman Ray Garner said the three killed were Gopi K. Podila , the chairman of the Department of Biological Sciences , and two other faculty members , Davis and Adriel Johnson .
Three others were wounded , two critically , in the gunfire .
The wounded were identified as department members Luis Cruz - Vera , who was listed in fair condition , and Joseph Leahy , in critical condition in intensive care , and staffer Stephanie Monticello , also in critical condition in intensive care .
Sammie Lee Davis said his wife was a researcher who had tenure at the university .
Bishop and her husband placed third in a statewide university business plan competition in July 2007 , presenting a portable cell incubator they had invented .
They won $ 25,000 to help start a company to market the device .
Biology major Julia Hollis was among the students who gathered to support each other and try to make sense of the news .
“ When someone told me it was a staff person and it was faculty I was in complete denial , ” said Hollis , 23 , who had taken classes with two of the instructors who were killed .
“ It took me a bit for it to sink in . ”
Sophomore Erin Johnson told The Huntsville Times a biology faculty meeting was under way when she heard screams coming from a conference room .
University police secured the building and students were cleared from it .
There was still a heavy police presence on campus Friday night , with police tape cordoning off the main entrance to the university .
The Huntsville campus has about 7,500 students in northern Alabama , not far from the Tennessee line .
The university is known for its scientific and engineering programs and often works closely with NASA .
The space agency has a research center on the school ’s campus , where many scientists and engineers from NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center perform Earth and space science research and development .
The university will remain closed next week and all athletic events were canceled to give students and staff time to grieve .
Counselors were available to speak with students .
It ’s the second shooting in a week on an area campus .
On Feb. 5 , a 14 - year - old student was killed in a middle school hallway in nearby Madison , allegedly by a fellow student .
Mass shootings are rarely carried out by women , said Dr. Park Dietz , who is president of Threat Assessment Group Inc. , a Newport Beach , Calif . - based violence prevention firm .
A notable exception was a 1985 rampage at a Springfield , Pa. , mall in which three people were killed .
In June 1986 , Sylvia Seegrist was deemed guilty but mentally ill on three counts of murder and seven counts of attempted murder in the shooting spree .
Dietz , who interviewed Seegrist after her arrest , said it was possible the suspect in Friday ’s shooting had a long - standing grudge against colleagues or superiors and felt complaints had not been dealt with fairly .
Gregg McCrary , a retired FBI agent and private criminal profiler based in Fredericksburg , Va. , said there is no typical outline of a mass shooter but noted they often share a sense of paranoia , depression or a feeling that they are not appreciated .
— End Update —
UPDATE : Amy Bishop Charged with Murder in UAH Shooting
Via : al.com :
UAH professor Dr. Amy Bishop has been charged with murder in connection with a deadly shooting that killed three people and injured three more Friday afternoon .
Huntsville police spokesman Sgt. Mark Roberts said Bishop was charged Saturday morning with one count of capital murder .
Bishop , 42 , was taken Friday night in handcuffs from a police precinct to the county jail and could be heard telling TV reporters , “ It did n’t happen .
There ’s no way …. they are still alive . ”
The Harvard - educated geneticist and her husband , Jim Anderson , are credited with inventing a mobile cell incubation system touted as a replacement for the old - fashioned petri dish .
UAH President David Williams predicted in November 2008 that the couple ’s InQ device would “ change the way biological and medical research is conducted . ”
— End Update —
Via : al.com :
Dr. Amy Bishop , the assistant biology professor detained for questioning in Friday ’s mass shooting , is considered one of the University of Alabama in Huntsville ’s research stars .
A smiling Bishop posed for the winter 2009 cover of a local technology magazine , “ The Huntsville R&D Report . ”
The 40 - year - old , Harvard - educated geneticist and her husband , Jim Anderson , are credited with inventing a mobile cell incubation system touted as a replacement for the old - fashioned petri dish .
UAH President David Williams predicted in November 2008 that the couple ’s InQ device would “ change the way biological and medical research is conducted . ”
The Huntsville Angel Network also thought highly of the idea , giving Prodigy Biosystems $ 1.25 million in startup funding .
“ She was just really passionate about what she was doing , and very energetic , ” Stuart Obermann , a former board member of the BizTech technology incubator , said of Bishop .
“ I ’m really quite shocked . ”
According to her résumé , Bishop has been a “ tenure track ” assistant biology professor at UAH since 2003 .
She teaches anatomy and physiology , introduction to neuroscience and “ Mechanisms of Resistance to Oxidative Stress in the Central Nervous System , ” among others .
The Chinese characters in the orange cloud above say " netizens . "
Some Chinese netizens who feel caught between Google and their government have written an open letter to " relevant Chinese government ministries and Google Inc . "
It 's got a very long preamble which I hope somebody will take the time to translate in full .
[ MONDAY NOONTIME UPDATE : A full translation has now been completed here . ]
In a nutshell , it expresses the view that Chinese Internet users have been left in the dark .
While it 's assumed that the Chinese government would seek to keep its people in the dark - hence its censorship in the first place - they find it unfair that Google has not provided them with enough information to form educated and fact - based opinions about what 's going on .
The authors raise a list of questions they want answered ( corrections to my rough translation welcome in the comments section ) :
Did Google meet the requirements of Chinese law in censoring material related to porn , violence , and gambling ?
How were the Chinese government 's censorship demands communicated to Google ?
From which ministry ?
According to what legal processes ?
Were there any mechanisms for correcting mistakes or channels for appeal ?
What content did the Chinese government require Google to self - censor ?
Aside from sex , violence and gambling , what else was included ?
How was the censorship decided for topics such as mining disasters , the brick kiln slave children , Yilishen , violent evictions , Sanlu milk powder , Deng Yujiao , the governor 's confiscation of a journalist 's recorder , the Shanxi vaccine scandal , and other incidents ?
We cannot accept violation of the public 's right to access such public interest information .
When it comes to activities by government leaders and ministries that violate the constitution and the laws beneath it , is it necessary to carry out unconstitutional censorship ?
Why can't the Internet industry , including Google , Baidu , and ICT companies accept public supervision and resolve the content regulation problem in an open manner ?
Including but not limited to cooperation with an independent third - party citizens ' body ?
What is the status of talks between Google and the Chinese government ?
What problems have been discussed ?
Cannot the irreconcilable positions of each side be clearly revealed to the public ?
If Google.cn were to no longer exist , or if China were to further block other Google services , has the Chinese government considered how their blocking of foreign websites and censorship of domestic websites violates Chinese citizens ' right to scientific , educational , environmental , clean energy and other information ?
How will this loss be lessened or compensated for ?
The letter concludes with several statements about censorship .
" We support necessary censorship of Internet content and communications , whether it is on Google or any other foreign or domestic company , " the authors write .
" But we hope that such censorship should be conducted as follows : "
It should be based on clear laws , the related regulations and censorship procedures should not violate China 's constitution and laws .
Vague censorship standards result in over - censorship or make it impossible to self - censor .
Pre-censorship should not be carried out , as the right to free expression as guaranteed by the Chinese constitution and laws must not be violated .
The procedures must be transparent , with clear and distinct censorship processes and steps .
The censorship must be carried out by a clearly specified government department .
It should n't be so vague that it is carried out by " relevant departments " which the public cannot locate .
There should be a channel for appeals by netizens and by companies so that anybody who objects to a particular act of censorship can obtain reconsideration or file suit .
Chinese legal bodies should clearly designated a channel for redress .
The Chinese people 's attention to and discourse about matters of public concern must not be obstructed .
The public 's right to study , scientific inquiry , communication , and commercial activity must not be inhibited .
On Saturday the Washington Post 's John Pomfret reported poignantly about Chinese netizens ' angst over the potential loss of Google .
Everything I 've been hearing from my own friends and contacts certainly backs up his story .
But I 'm also hearing from many people that the " Google China incident " - as many Chinese call it - has greatly heightened awareness among normally apolitical Chinese Internet users about the extent of Internet censorship in their country .
It has sparked a lot of debate and soul searching about the extent to which their government is causing them to be isolated from the rest of the world .
The letter above also shows that this incident has sparked a debate among Chinese digerati about how Internet companies should be held accountable not only to - but by - the public .
Google executives never responded to Chinese blogger Isaac Mao's open letter to them in 2007 , offering the help and advice of Chinese netizens on how to do good and avoid doing evil in China .
Given that the Chinese government is unlikely to respond to this latest letter , and given that its authors have taken a risk to speak out , I hope that Google will demonstrate that it truly does care about Chinese netizens and answer their questions .
Anxiety and stress can actually impact individuals from all age groups , and many may struggle to find a feasible solution to the issue .
Those who want to combat anxiety and stress related issues naturally can think of choosing swimming lessons .
Swimming on a regular basis can reduce stress and promote a sense of comfort and
Video obscured for first few seconds .
The Metro Transit Police continue to investigate the beating of a 15 - year - old girl late last month in the transit tunnel at Westlake Center .
Three security guards saw the Jan. 28 assault , part of which was filmed by surveillance cameras .
But the guards are n't armed and are trained not to get involved in physical confrontations , according to the King County Sheriff 's Office , which operates Metro Transit Police .
Still , the incident has prompted King County Executive Dow Constantine to order a review of Metro security .
" Public safety is our top priority .
I am appalled by the sight of uniformed guards standing by while a person was kicked and beaten , " Constantine said .
" I have ordered a full review of all operating polices that govern Metro 's contract with civilian security guards to determine what changes must be made .
People have an expectation of safety when riding public transit , and we must take every measure we can to assure that .
"
In the days since the assault , at least four suspects have been arrested .
The assault followed incidents at both Macy 's and Nordstrom , where a group of 10 to 12 teenagers and young adults created a disturbance , the statement said .
At one point , an 18 - year - old man confronted the 15 - year - old girl and threatened to kill her .
The group was told to leave Nordstorm , the Sheriff 's Office reported .
The group then likely followed the girl to the tunnel .
Another 15 - year - old girl who was with the large group began assaulting the victim on the station platform .
The victim was shoved into the right of way , but no buses or trains were nearby .
She was also knocked to the ground and kicked in the head .
In addition to being beaten , she was robbed ; her purse , book bag , cellphone and iPod were stolen .
Security officers saw the assault , but did n't stop it .
The Sheriff 's Office gave this explanation for the guards ' inaction : " They did not intercede as they are unarmed , civilian employees of Olympic Security Services .
They are trained to not become involved in violent confrontations or fights , but are directed to call 9 - 1 - 1 , which they did via the tunnel communications center .
" In addition , they were significantly outnumbered by the group .
" But Metro Transit intends to change what guards can do , including the direction to " observe and report " but not get involved in fights .
"
You look at what 's happening to the victim and you say something 's got to be changed , " Metro Transit General Manager Kevin Desmond told KING -TV / 5 .
" That 's just not going to be acceptable .
We 've had that ' observe and report ' for years in our contract and this incident clearly shows that we need to change that .
" The suspects had fled by the time Seattle police officers responded .
The 15 - year - old girl who delivered the beating was arrested over the weekend and was booked into juvenile detention , according to the Sherrif 's Office statement .
Detectives also arrested two men , ages 18 and 20 , and an 18 - year - old woman on Saturday .
According to the Sheriff 's Office statement , the three were involved in the assault , robbery or threats to kill the girl .
One of them may also have acted as a lookout .
A 17 - year - old male suspect is still at large .
Scott Sunde can be reached at 206-488-8331 or scottsunde@seattlepi.com Soundoff ( 99 comments , Hide / show comments )
Melbourne , Australia
MY band is famous for music videos .
We direct them ourselves or with the help of friends , we shoot them on shoestring budgets and , like our songs , albums and concerts , we see them as creative works and not as our record company ’s marketing tool .
In 2006 we made a video of us dancing on treadmills for our song “ Here It Goes Again . ”
We shot it at my sister ’s house without telling EMI , our record company , and posted it on the fledgling YouTube without EMI ’s permission .
Technically , this put us afoul of our contract , since we need our record company ’s approval to distribute copies of the songs that they finance .
It also exposed YouTube to all sorts of liability for streaming an EMI recording across the globe .
But back then record companies saw videos as advertisements , so if my band wanted to produce them , and if YouTube wanted to help people watch them , EMI was n’t going to get in the way .
As the age of viral video dawned , “ Here It Goes Again ” was viewed millions , then tens of millions of times .
It brought big crowds to our concerts on five continents , and by the time we returned to the studio , 700 shows , one Grammy and nearly three years later , EMI ’s ledger had a black number in our column .
To the band , “ Here It Goes Again ” was a successful creative project .
To the record company , it was a successful , completely free advertisement .
Now we ’ve released a new album and a couple of new videos .
But the fans and bloggers who helped spread “ Here It Goes Again ” across the Internet can no longer do what they did before , because our record company has blocked them from embedding our video on their sites .
Believe it or not , in the four years since our treadmill dance got such attention , YouTube and EMI have actually made it harder to share our videos .
Iconic Australian rockers Men at Work could be facing a hefty legal bill after a court ruled that they plagiarised part of their worldwide 1980s hit Down Under .
Larrikin Music accused the band of stealing the song 's flute riff from the children 's song Kookaburra Sits In The Old Gum Tree .
Record companies EMI and Sony BMG disputed the claim but today the Federal Court ruled in Larrikin 's favour .
Kookaburra Sits
In The Old Gum Tree was written by Melbourne teacher Marion Sinclair for a Girl Guides jamboree in 1934 and has been sung by generations of Australian children ever since .
Larrikin owns the rights to the song and took Sony BMG and EMI to court demanding compensation from Down Under songwriters Colin Hay and Ron Strykert .
Costs are yet to be determined but Larrikin 's solicitor Adam Simpson says they could run to 60 percent of the income derived from the song .
" Obviously the more the better , but it depends , " he said .
" I mean , anything from what we 've claimed , which is between 40 and 60 per cent , and what they suggest , which is considerably less . "
John Anderson from EMI was not saying much outside court , except that the company would have to review what he called a complex judgement .
When asked if he expected significant damages to be awarded he gave this brief answer : " Not necessarily . "
The judge also ruled that a Qantas advertisement which used a small similar section of the riff was not in breach of copyright laws .
EMI said it was pleased with this decision but Mr Simpson was not ruling out further legal action .
" In the Qantas ad there was a smaller part of the song and so the judge felt that was n't enough to qualify as an infringement of copyright .
But we 'll be giving that some more thought , " he said .
Earlier in the case , Larrikin had to get the Federal Court to recognise its ownership of the copyright .
The Federal Court ruled in July 2009 that Larrikin owned the rights to Kookaburra , which it said it acquired in 1990 .
Down Under was a worldwide hit when it was first released in the early 1980s , becoming the unofficial anthem of the Australian team that won the Americas Cup in 1983 .
It also featured in the closing ceremony of the 2000 Sydney Olympics .
The song pays tribute to Vegemite sandwiches and a land where " beer does flow and men chunder " , and is a jukebox favourite in drinking establishments across the nation .
Music copyright lawyer Stephen Digby said he was surprised by the court 's decision .
" I think it could have gone either way but my initial reaction was always that this was going to be a very hard case for Larrikin to win , " he said .
" It is certainly an identifiable and discernable piece within the song , but my gut feel was that it was probably not sufficiently substantial in the song as a whole .
" Clearly the judge disagreed with me . "
And he says the judgement could clear the way for more cases to come forward .
" I think it could .
And that 's something that concerns me a little bit .
And I look forward to seeing the judgement in full .
And I 'm hopeful that in that he [ the judge ] might give us guidance on what he considers to be a substantial part or not . "
JERUSALEM —
The discord between the United States and Israel over Jewish building in East Jerusalem deepened Tuesday with Israeli officials saying they would reject demands by Washington and expressing anger over the public upbraiding of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by the Obama administration .
On a day of scattered disturbances by Palestinians in East Jerusalem , news emerged that Israel was moving ahead with a second building project there .
A notice on the Web site of the Israel Lands Authority invited bids on construction of 309 new homes in the Jewish suburb of Neve Yaakov , in northeast Jerusalem .
A spokesman for the Jerusalem municipality said building and planning across the city were moving ahead .
“ For us , it is business as usual , ” the spokesman , Stephan Miller , said .
In the disturbances , several hundred Palestinian youths protesting Israeli control and construction in East Jerusalem set tires and garbage ablaze .
The police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets .
About 10 people were seriously injured and about 60 arrested , the police said .
LANCASTER , Calif. , Feb. 22 /PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
Today , thousands of prisoners around the country will be mailing letters to numerous death penalty abolitionist groups asking them to stop advocating for life without the possibility of parole as a supposedly humane alternative to lethal injection .
The Other Death Penalty Project , a group comprised solely of prisoners serving life without possibility of parole -- the other death penalty -- categorically rejects this hypocritical position taken by too many death penalty abolitionists .
Death at the hands of the state , whether by lethal injection or lethal imprisonment , is the death penalty .
The Other Death Penalty Project , similarly , rejects the proposition that life without the possibility of parole is a necessary first step toward ultimate abolition of the death penalty .
The distinction is one of method , not kind .
Instead of moving to the elimination of death sentences , this tactic of trading slow executions for quick executions has resulted in an explosion of men and women sentenced to the slower method .
As a study published in the Harvard Law Review in 2006 entitled " A Matter of Life and Death " concluded , " The purpose of this Note …is to argue that [ L. W.O.P. ] statutes are neither a necessary nor a particularly useful step toward eliminating the death penalty . "
Death penalty abolitionists who advocate for life without the possibility of parole are wrong , both in their moral reasoning and in their tactics .
The Other Death Penalty Project plans to call these anti-death penalty groups out to a public accounting by speaking for the close to 40,000 men and women sentenced to face " worse than death , " in the words of New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson .
These prisoners live on the much bigger , much less well - publicized , death rows all around this country .
It 's time to end all forms of the death penalty .
For more information , and for all media inquiries , please visit theotherdeathpenalty.org or email [ email protected ]
Other interested parties may write to The Other Death Penalty Project , P.O. Box 1486 Lancaster , CA , 93584 .
SOURCE The Other Death Penalty Project
In 1968 , a ten - year - old boy had to go to the hospital four times a week for treatment .
Without that treatment , he had trouble breathing , and he felt like he was suffocating .
Because he was suffocating .
His health care was covered by his parents ' health insurance .
But then they lost their jobs .
They were worried about how they would pay the rent .
He was worried about whether he would live or die .
How can we let a 10 - year - old think about such things ?
Whether you are Democratic or Republican , left - wing or right - wing , liberal or libertarian , you know in your heart that that 's wrong .
And it's what you know in your heart , your empathy , that makes you human .
I was that 10 - year - old boy .
And I have n't forgotten .
The ultra-colorful annual event , which is put on by the AZ Cacophony Society and involves teams of five people wearing costumes and piloting wacky and wonderfully decorated shopping carts around downtown Phoenix , is ostensibly a competitive race with prizes handed out to top finishers .
Truth be told , however , it felt like more like a pageant and a parade , where most of the participants were more interested in just showing up and showing off what they 'd conjured up for their carts .
( Awards were also given for the more creative and original enteries ) .
It felt a bit like Burning Man than the Baja 1000 out on Grand Avenue as participants lined up on the sidewalk in front of the Bikini Lounge before the race with their artistic and outrageous costumes and carts .
Here 's a rundown of some of the most memorable entries , IMHO .
7. Team Tetris
While the group 's cart was very bare bones ( with little or no decoration ) , their costumes sure were n't .
Taking a cue from the classic Russian puzzle game , each member dressed as one of six pieces from the game , although when I asked them to arrange themselves into an actual Tetris , they did n't seemed amused .
6. Chicken and the Egg Conundrum Which one of these came first ?
It 's a question that has flummoxed mankind for centuries and made great fodder for this Idiotarod entry , as the above team clucked and cawed around downtown with their mobile nest and gigantic ova .
Amazingly , said scrambler also hatched part of the way through the race , revealing another teammate .
Hopefully the others did n't serve her up over easy .
5 . The A - Team Speaking of upcoming movies , this fivesome reminded me how much I 'm anticipating the summertime release of the new A - Team flick .
Naturally , the cart became the trademark bad - ass black van , the dude playing Hannibal was chomping on a huge stogie , and their Mr. T / B.A. Barracus was sporting a Mohawk .
( Thankfully , he refrained from wearing blackface ) .
4. Alice in Wonderland
There were n't any boojums or snarks about at this particular tea party , but it did feature the Mad Hatter , Alice , the Red Queen , and Tweedledum and Tweedledee . , all of them looking very much like extras from Tim Burton 's upcoming celluloid version of Lewis Carroll 's legendary work .
Oddly enough , however , these racers had to run twice as fast as normal to get where they wanted to go .
3. Section 8
The members of this team must 've watched Apocalypse Now during their brainstorming session , as their tank - shaped entry blasted out Wagner 's " Ride of the Valkyries " and one participant wore a shirt with " Charlie Don't Surf " painted on it .
I love the smell of homage in the morning .
2 . The Trojans Cardboard is quite a versatile substance , with hundreds of possible uses .
It helped you construct forts as a child , schlep your shizzle around during many a move , and can be found in the crusts of the pizza down at your neighborhood Peter Piper location .
This team used it as the building material for their faux chariot , which was also covered with the Trojan condoms and manned by a cardboard - covered centurion and four Helenic honeys .
1. Solid Gold Best can described as " Studio 54 on wheels , " the members of this entry cut a shopping cart in half , stuck a Home Depot - like flatbed dolly in between the two ends , added a mirror ball and a generator - powered sound system pumping out disco jams , and painted the whole damn thing gold .
Meanwhile , superfly threads and disco wigs were sported as they did the hustle all along the race route ( and even threw out handfuls of fake booger sugar to boot ) .
Groovy .
How To Make A DIY Vagina
Materials :
- Lays / Pringles Can - Foam rubber - Condom - 1 1/4 '' o-ring - Scissors - Marker
Procedure : Empty the chips out of the can .
You can use whatever brand and flavor you prefer , but we like the one shown here for the container ’s ergonomic shape and durable , colorful plastic .
Lay out the foam and trim to fit the length of the container if necessary .
The length of the foam can be up to an inch longer than the length of the can .
Unroll the condom and drop the O-ring inside .
If you use a lubricated condom , turn it inside out first , so the lube is on the inner surface .
Dead elephants=ivory to sell on the black market .
200 kilos of ivory = $ 200,000 .
200 kilos of ivory =a lot of dead elephants .
Last week when CITES refused to lift the moratorium on ivory sales by African countries the immediate effect was an increase in the amount of ivory on the black market ; and the Chinese appetite for ivory is voracious .
This has led to an increase in all things illegal in Africa from the timber trade to gun running , and as long as there is a market for it , elephant tusks will continue to be a best seller .
The up - and - coming Chinese middle class has is insatiable in their desire for ivory trinkets such as chopsticks , and African countries are more than happy to oblige them .
A seized shipment of elephant tusks .
To read the full article , click here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Oh please , please , Sen. Graham .
If we 're really , really good , and do everything exactly the way you want , will you finally let us win one ?
What planet do they live on ?
They 're so good at the cognitive dissonance , they can't even tell when they sound like clowns .
Gee , I wonder what a Congress where they were less cooperative would look like - Dresden ?
Basically this comic is dedicated to the huge pastrami sandwich I had for lunch that was pretty good even though they gave me regular jack cheese instead of pepper jack but it ’s okay I ate it all anyway .
—
ALSO , last week I did some Hourly Comics .
Check ’em out by clicking this big long sentence .
Here are Alex ’s too if you missed them !
Be sure to check out the many , many other excellent hourlies that people put up too !
Or else .
- Ray
THE STORY OF THE MECHANIC
A Parable About Storytelling
When I was just a little boy my pappa would take me with him when we needed to have our family car looked at .
The only mechanic in town was a real nice guy .
He was young , but he was already what you ’d call a man ’s man .
He had that strong , skilled , confident presence you usually only see in people like the president , people who make being strong look effortless .
Made you wonder what he was doing here and what he ’d grow up to be .
Having said that , to be completely honest , not everybody thought as highly of the mechanic as I did , but I think they just did n’t understand him .
Sure , he had a few flaws … like his language …. and his lack of social etiquette all together ( except when he went to solemn events .
Then he was as charming and proper as a vintage dixie gentleman ) .
But sometimes he ’d get kind of drastic in his approach to fixing cars , and that scared some folks .
Some folks said one of his wild ideas was going to get somebody hurt one day .
So even though the mechanic meant well , he would step on toes and frighten the more timid ladies in town from time to time , but I say that ’s okay because his solutions always seemed to work out for the best in the end .
Well , to show you what I ’m talking about I ’ll tell you the story of the most memorable trip I took with my pappa to see the mechanic .
This is literally a word for word transcription of what he said as he was fixing our car :
“ Awww , what the fuck is that ?
Is that what I think it is ?
Oh , fucking shit .
It is .
Goddamnit .
Yep , that fucking sucks .
This is gonna be fucking impossible to fix .
You ’re shits fucked .
I mean , the only thing we could possibly even try that might work , but it ’s a long shot is…uh , you know what ?
Fuck it .
Let ’s try it .
Might as well try something .
It ’s either that or just bury this fucking thing out back .
Hmmm .
Well , shit .
Let ’s try this .
Nope .
That did n’t work at all .
Oh crap .
I think that actually just made it worse .
Eh , let ’s try something a little more drastic .
Ooh yeah .
that helped a little .
I ’ll keep doing that .
Oh , yeah , there it goes .
Almost got it .
Almost got it .
Amost ….fucking ….
Shit !
God damned it !
God …damned … fucking … mother fucker in a fucking basket .
Agh , it ’s fucking jammed .
up completely .
We ’re never going to get this fucking this working now .
Alright , well now let ’s hold our horses .
Let ’s just take a step back and look at this logically .
What did we do wrong here ?
There ’s gotta be one tiny detail we missed .
Once we figure that out then , BAM .
We ’re home free .
Ah , there it is .
Alright , let ’s give this one more push and do it right this time .
GrrrrrraaaaahhooooYEAH !
There it goes !
Fucking problem solved , man .
Whoo .
Kick ass .
Let ’s celebrate . ”
I could n’t believe my ears .
His dialogue had just described the plot to almost every movie I ’d ever seen up until then or ever seen for that matter , and that was the day I became a writer .
And I lived happily ever after …. well , except for that one incident with the deaf gun shop owner , but that ’s another story for another day .
If you enjoyed this post , you ’ll also like these :
Formula Plot Templates
Screenwriting for Movies
Screenwriting for TV
Short Stories
Erotica
Choose Your Own Adventure
Movie plot break downs
TV plot break downs
Free story prompts
Writing tips
Blogging
Art
OCTOPULPS FEATURETTE : SFWA GRAND MASTER ROBERT SILVERBERG TALKS PULPS
Please tell my Octopulps readers a bit about your work as a staff writer for Amazing Stories .
I was a staff writer for Amazing , turning in two or three space operas a month .
The editor of Amazing at that time was either Howard Browne or Paul Fairman — Browne quit somewhere in early 1957 to return to freelance writing , and turned the magazine over to his assistant editor , Fairman .
I was taken onto the staff in the summer of 1955 , when I was still in college , and proceeded to sell Browne a lot of stories that he had previously rejected from me as a freelancer ( he never read unsolicited stories ; everything was staff written and the outside stories went back instantly with nice rejection slips ) as well as a lot of stuff written to order .
I was just a kid and delighted to be part of it : you brought your week 's work in on Monday morning and your agent had the check the next day .
In any case when Cele Goldsmith replaced Fairman around 1959 she did away with the staff system entirely .
So , what did that Amazing office look like ?
Ziff - Davis , the publisher of Amz , published a lot of big slick mags like Modern Bride , and their office was in a midtown Manhattan skyscraper , very large and glossy , frosted glass door , receptionist , the whole deal .
The editorial staff was four or five people , editor , assistant editor , art director , couple of others , and they worked daily , and the huge Ziff - Davis organization processed and sent out the checks like clockwork .
How did you first encounter the pulps in all their glory ?
What made you decide you wanted to write for the pulps ?
They were sold on every corner newsstand .
I hope you know what those were .
I began buying them when I was in the eighth grade — Weird Tales , Amazing , etc. — and immediately figured I could write stories for them and get them published and make a lot of money and get famous .
I was 13 at the time .
It turned out I was right about all that , but it took another few years before those checks came rolling in .
Do you happen to have any sense of how art was selected for Amazing and other pulp magazines ?
Were there staff artists ?
Or just starving people they accosted on the street and forced to paint nightmarish visions ?
Big office , professional publishing company , very corporate .
The art director had artists coming in all the time with portfolios .
Not my department and I did n't watch what went on , but , yes , there were staff artists .
All the SF mags had them .
Give us a sense of a day ( or week ) in the life of Robert Silverberg in the pulp era .
How did pulp writing fit into your everyday routine ?
Back in my pulp - mag days I worked from about 8:30 to noon , took an hour off for lunch , and worked again from one to three , for a work day of five and a half hours or so .
I wrote 20 to 30 pages of copy in that time , doing it all first draft , so that I was able to produce a short story of 5000 - 7500 words in a single day .
If I had 3000 - worders to do , I usually wrote one before lunch and one after lunch .
At three o'clock I poured myself a shot of rum or mixed a martini , put a record on , and sat down to relax until dinnertime , reading and perhaps sketching out the next day 's work on a scrap of paper .
This was the Tuesday - to - Friday routine .
I never worked on Saturday or Sunday .
On Monday I made the rounds of the editorial offices to visit some mix of John Campbell , Howard Browne , Larry Shaw , W.W. Scott , and Bob Lowndes —editors of Astounding , Amazing , Infinity / Science Fiction Adventures , Super Science Fiction , and the various Lowndes titles — to deliver the previous week 's work .
Sometimes I stopped off at my agent 's Fifth Avenue office to pick up checks , also .
( I took the subway downtown from my apartment on West End Avenue in Manhattan . )
In weeks when I was writing a novel , I followed a five - day schedule , doing about thirty pages a day , so a typical Ace novel would take me six or seven days to write .
I produced a lot of copy that way — a million words a year , or more — and since nearly all of it was contracted in advance , I did n't have to worry about rejections very much .
( Now and then I would aim a story at Campbell or Gold or Boucher , where nothing was guaranteed in advance , and if they turned it down I delivered it to one of the lesser magazines , which bought it .
Nothing went unsold for long . )
Thanks so much for taking the time to help us visualize this world .
And one goofy question to close :
Did you notice the prevalence of tentacle - ish covers at the time ?
Any feeling about the use / misuse of octopuses and other marine monsters in the pulps ?
There were plenty of tentacles .
Tentacles were very important .
We were always kind to squiggly creatures and never abused them .
Sex mini-games have become a trademark in God of War games , with each title offering players the opportunity to interact with well proportioned females .
God of War III will continue this tradition , and the nosey folks at the ESRB has detailed the mini- game and provided a glimpse at what it entails .
The ESRB listing comments :
The game contains a sex mini-game .
Players will encounter a goddess and her two hand maidens , all topless , all holding and caressing each other .
If players wish to , they may join the goddess ( and only the goddess ) in bed .
Actual sex is never depicted as the camera drifts , then fixes on the two maidens , who watch from a distance .
As players respond to the on - screen prompts with button presses , the topless maidens will continue to watch , and sometimes caress .
Moaning sounds from the bed can be heard throughout the sequence .
So it appears Kratos will forgo the ménage à trois he is well known for in favor of a booty call with a goddess .
Experts call for cuts immediately after 2010 election but Labour says it will not withdraw fiscal stimulus until 2011
A score of eminent economists today attacked the government 's strategy to tackle the budget deficit as not " credible " , calling for cuts to begin as soon as the general election is over .
The government is adamant it will not begin to pay off the deficit until 2011 and Labour has made it a crucial point of difference with the Tories that it will not withdraw the fiscal stimulus prematurely .
David Cameron has said a Conservative government would hold an emergency budget within 50 days , but the Tory leader has indicated that there would not be " swingeing cuts " immediately .
By contrast , 20 economists who signed a letter to the Sunday Times , including four former members of the Bank of England 's monetary policy committee , call for spending cuts immediately after the general election .
They argue that there is " a compelling case " for politicians to begin to tackle the deficit this year , and predict that failure to so do could lead to a loss of confidence and threaten recovery .
The letter reads : " In the absence of a credible plan , there is a risk that a loss of confidence in the UK 's economic policy framework will contribute to higher long - term interest rates and / or currency instability , which could undermine the recovery …
In order to be credible , the Government 's goal should be to eliminate the structural current budget deficit over the course of a parliament , and there is a compelling case , all else equal , for the first measures beginning to take effect in the 2010 - 11 fiscal year . "
Tim Besley , a professor of economics at the London School of Economics and until last year a member of the Bank of England 's monetary policy committee , organised the letter .
He said : " I do n't want this to be seen as us siding with anyone .
But it does suggest that the Conservatives are where majority opinion lies . "
Other signatories include Lord Turnbull , Sir Howard Davies , Ken Rogoff , Thomas Sargent and the Labour peer Meghnad Desai , who has previously criticised the prime minister as " weak and indecisive " .
Explaining his decision to lend his name to the letter , Desai said : " Right now we have got a fragile recovery but as soon as conditions allow , somebody will have to tackle the structural deficit with which we started the recession .
" Obviously during a recession you have to spend extra money , the deficit has to go up to get rid of unemployment .
But once all that has passed us , we will have to tackle this because we can't go on borrowing money . "
The letter came as reports emerged at the weekend that the prime minister and the chancellor , Alistair Darling , are at odds over how to position next month 's budget .
One Sunday newspaper reported Brown as being in favour of spending commitments as a " springboard " to the election , while Darling is said to favour detailing his proposals for bringing down public debt .
House Republicans won their televised debate with President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE last month , according to a GOP document distributed to lawmakers on Thursday .
The document , obtained by The Hill , notes that Obama ’s job approval ratings have dipped since the Jan. 29 meeting while Republican numbers have soared .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama traveled to Baltimore to attend the House Republican retreat and engaged in testy exchanges with several members .
Many political observers said Obama came away victorious .
But Republican leaders are disputing that conventional wisdom , citing recent polls that indicate that they won the battle .
In a Thursday afternoon conference call with rank - and - file House GOP lawmakers , leaders shared a list of survey data taken before and after the retreat .
In the document titled “ Recent Public Surveys , Fielded Post Baltimore Retreat , ” Republican leaders focused on Obama ’s job approval , generic ballot matchups , party brand image and issue handling .
Republicans numbers in all these areas have improved over the last couple of weeks .
“ Since the Baltimore retreat there have been several public surveys released .
Four surveys had President Obama ’s job approval getting worse , while one showed it getting better , ” the document states .
Polls taken by the / ABC News , Fox News , Marist and Democracy Corps show Obama ’s approval rating slip from two to four percentage points .
A Gallup poll showed his numbers improving from 48 percent before the retreat to 51 percent after .
Three of the surveys asked questions about generic ballot match - ups .
Before the showdown in Baltimore , the Washington Post / ABC News comparison showed Republicans losing 39 percent to 51 percent and 46 - 46 this month .
The / ABC News poll was conducted Feb. 4 - 8 , with 1,004 adults .
“ In the Washington Post / ABC News survey , among adults Republicans were even with Democrats .
The last time that occurred in this survey was in November 2002 .
Among registered voters in the Post / ABC survey Republicans led by a 3 point margin 48 - 45 , ” the document states .
Democrats dispute the Republican claims .
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) spokesman Ryan Rudominer said , “ No amount of spin and arrogance from these House Republicans , who continue to be caught taking credit for president Obama ’s recovery policies they led the fight against , will change the fact that the president took on the entire Republican Conference and walked away the winner .
” Meanwhile , a / CBS poll released this week shows that Obama has an edge over the GOP in public support .
A
White House spokesperson could not be immediately reached for comment .
Obama has called for a bipartisan summit later this month on healthcare reform .
House Minority Leader ( R - Ohio ) has said he wants to work with the president , but has also expressed concern that the meeting is a “ trap ” for the GOP .
SanDisk Corp. plans to announce tomorrow that it has started shipping what it claims is the world 's highest - capacity removable memory card for mobile phones - the 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC .
The new microSDHC card targets the smartphone market and uses third - generation 32nm lithography techniques with 3 - bit - per - cell NAND flash technology .
Most manufactures of NAND flash products use 2 - bit - per- cell multi- level cell ( MLC ) memory .
" With the large volume of photos , videos and music that consumers create and carry around , a high - capacity memory card is a must - have component of today 's smartphone , " said Sanjay Mehrotra , SanDisk 's president , in a statement .
" This is the highest - capacity card of its type , and SanDisk is pleased to be the first to ship such an advanced product .
This marks yet another important first in our innovative history in the flash memory industry . "
SanDisk said 32 GB cards are already needed by many users as smartphones increasingly serve as mobile offices , and incorporate music players , cameras , video recorders , GPS devices and gateways to the mobile Internet .
The 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card , SanDisk noted , can store enough music to play music on more than 35 round - trip flights between San Francisco and New York before repeating a single song .
SanDisk microSDHC cards are also available in 2GB , 4GB , 8GB and 16GB capacities .
The 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card is available now on SanDisk.com as well as on U.S. and European e-commerce .
Worldwide retail availability is expected to follow next month .
The new card comes with a 5 year limited warranty and has a retail price of $ 199.99 .
SanDisk 's 32 GB microSDHD card .
Lucas Mearian covers storage , disaster recovery and business continuity , financial services infrastructure and health care IT for Computerworld .
Follow Lucas on Twitter at @lucasmearian , or subscribe to Lucas 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is lmearian@computerworld.com .
Twitter appears to be preparing to roll out a feature that would automatically translate posts into your preferred native language , according to a Twitter page I saw today .
Last October , Twitter 's Biz Stone authored a blog post that indicated that Twitter would soon be arriving languages beyond Twitter 's native English and Japanese , including French , Italian , German , and Spanish .
But that post , I believe , was designed to announce translations to the Web site ( including words like " following , " ) rather than translating the posts themselves .
The results page ( from one of Wednesday 's trending topics , " Bloodbuzz Ohio " ) allows a user to filter a tweet by language , from Arabic to Icelandic to Thai .
But just above that appeared a clickable option to translate the tweets on the page to my preferred language , English .
That may be because one of the tweets that appeared on the page was posted in Dutch .
Unfortunately , clicking the " Translate " link did n't work this morning , but by this afternoon it had , with the translation supplied by Google , as you can see in the graphic below .
There was also an option to expand the short link to the full URL , without actually being forced to click through .
There are several Greasemonkey scripts that perform auto - translation of Twitter tweets , but this is the first time I 've seen a native Twitter auto- translation function .
If Twitter begins to overhaul its search results with the auto - translation , URL - expansion , and the new popularity priorities , the Twitter experience may radically changed over the next few months .
SANTA MONICA , Calif . —
It is sport among black belt sushi eaters here to see just how daring one ’s palate can be .
But even among the squid - chomping , roe-eating and uni-nibbling fans , whale is almost unheard of on the plate .
It also happens to be illegal .
Yet with video cameras and tiny microphones , the team behind Sunday ’s Oscar - winning documentary film “ The Cove ” orchestrated a Hollywood - meets - Greenpeace - style covert operation to ferret out what the authorities say is illegal whale meat at one of this town ’s most highly regarded sushi destinations .
Their work , undertaken in large part here last week as the filmmakers gathered for the Academy Awards ceremony , was coordinated with law enforcement officials , who said Monday that they were likely to bring charges against the restaurant , the Hump , for violating federal laws against selling marine mammals .
“ We ’re moving forward rapidly , ” said Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for the United States attorney for the Central District of California .
Mr. Mrozek declined to say what charges could be brought against the restaurant , but said they could come as early as this week .
Jake Adelstein is the author of Tokyo Vice , a new book that chronicles the author 's crazy adventures as a crime reporter for Japan 's largest newspaper .
During his 12 years at Yomiuri Shimbun , Adelstein made deadly enemies — and some lifelong friends — in the yakuza , the organized crime underworld that quietly controls a large part of Japan 's political economy .
The book ( which I reviewed in January ) chronicles his journey from naive young foreigner to one of the ballsiest reporters on the yakuza beat .
Along the way , he discovered that one of the mob bosses , a guy named Goto Tadamasa , had made a deal with the FBI to go to the US and get a liver transplant at UCLA — an embarrassing scandal that Goto did n't want anyone to know about .
When Goto found out that Adelstein was investigating , he figured he should just kill him .
" It was really terrifying , " he says .
" I could n't even walk outside without my lovable ex-yakuza bodyguard next to me . "
Fortunately for Adelstein , he found himself still breathing when Goto lost power in October of 2008 .
Today , he walks the streets of Tokyo with a titanium core umbrella ( " a baseball bat would probably make people uneasy " ) and that keeps him safe … at least for now .
Over the next two months , we 'll be collaborating with Jake Adelstein to bring you a series of Boing Boing exclusive yakuza stories .
We 'll kick it off with a two - part Q&A that gives us an inside look at his life and brings us up - to - date on yakuza influence on present - day Japan .
After that , we 'll go behind - the - scenes with Adelstein and his yakuza buddies to watch how they do ordinary things like play video games , use the computer , and chop off body parts .
For part one of the Q&A series , I sat down with Adelstein over bacon waffles and coffee one morning in San Francisco to get some personal stories of Adelstein 's connections with the yakuza .
Read on to learn about how a Jewish - American from Missouri beat up a mobster with a golf club ; the indelible link between gangsters and Buddhist priests ; and how Adelstein came to incorporate the highest yakuza values into his daily life .
How did you know that Goto Tadamasa wanted to kill you ?
On the day he got kicked out of the Yamaguchi - gumi* , one of the last things he said as he was getting into his car was : " That fucking American Jew reporter .
I 'd like to kill him . "
When I heard that , I thought , well it 's nice to be recognized for your hard work .
Goto has been connected to 17 unsolved murders .
His people are responsible for the attack on film director Itami Jyuzo in 1992 .
Itami made a movie parodying the yakuza .
It showed them as what most of them are , as a bunch of obnoxious sneaky lying thugs , and they did n't really like that .
They did n't kill him at first — they just grabbed him as he left his house and slashed open his face in the parking lot .
A few years later , he allegedly committed suicide .
But what I heard from people who would know is that they dragged him to a rooftop , stuck a gun in his face , and said you can jump or we 'll blow your face off .
So nobody out there wants to put a gun to your head and make you jump ?
Well , I 'm sure Goto would like to do it .
The question is , what 's the cost benefit of doing it ?
Right now [ with the publication of Tokyo Vice ]
I 'm such a public nuisance that whacking me would only bring more heat and might bring political pressure on Japan to close down the yakuza buildings and put them out of business .
When you consider the risk of doing that , the analysis is , well , easier to let him live and be a pest rather than make a martyr out of some annoying Jewish - American .
Are you scared of the yakuza ?
Of course I 'm scared of them .
Even the guys I 'm close to I 'm scared of .
They 're like wild animals .
These are guys who make a living through violence , and they 're very very tough .
They just have incredible endurance and tolerance for pain .
They 're like the Energizer bunny ; you can beat them and hit them with a hammer and they 'd still come at you like the Terminator .
I 'm saying this from personal experience .
You mean you 've actually fought with one ?
In April 2008 , I was trying to figure out how Goto knew that I was writing a book about his liver transplant .
There was a yakuza real estate broker ; he was a good source , and I had paid him .
I remembered having a conversation with him a few months back , and he was asking how my book was coming along — I suspected he might have been sounding me out for information .
So I went to his office and said , " Listen , did you sell me out on Goto ?
Did you tell him I 'm writing a book " ?
And he said , " Yeah of course .
He pays much more than you do .
Why would n't I ?
It 's not like we 're friends .
It 's nothing personal . "
He did n't even try to deny it .
So I said to him , " Remember a couple years ago when Sugiura got hit ?
I 'm gonna tell my friends in the Sumiyoshi - kai that you gave away his location .
They may not believe me , but they might come ask you some questions , and when they do I do n't think they 'll be very nice to you .
Nothing personal . "
And as I turned my back to leave , he jumped on me .
He started hitting me really hard and kicking me .
So I ran to the corner of his room and got a golf club , and kept hitting his knee until his knee broke .
I was just running around in circles aiming at his knee .
Even after his knee broke , he was still crawling at me .
I was like , god !
Why do n't you just give up ?
What does it say about you ?
Do n't you have to be a bit crazy to throw snarky comments at yakuza and break their knees with golf clubs ?
It would say that I have a bad temper .
I was angry !
I did n't make the first attack , though .
That was totally in self - defense .
What would you do if someone whom you thought was a friend was like , I planted heroin in your car and called the cops ?
I would probably be like , I 'm in the wrong business .
On the wrong beat .
I 'd probably get out .
It was too late , you know ?
I was committed .
Committed to the left lane .
I was taking my driving test a few years ago and my instructor said , go to the right lane .
And I told him , I can't .
I 'm committed to the left lane .
But is n't there a point in a reporter 's life where they realize , if I go any further than this , I 'm going to be putting myself and the people close to me at great risk , and you either decide to go ahead or you do n't ?
How did you make that decision ?
By the time I got to that point , I did n't have a choice .
When the FBI and the National Police Agency were putting me under police protection in March 2008 , one guy at the NPA whom I had known from my days of covering the police beat said to me , " Let me explain to you how this works .
You 're probably thinking , alright , I 'll just go home .
I would n't advise that .
You 've pissed off a guy who has very good connections in the United States .
If you go home to your family he 'll send someone to where you live and kill you ; and if your family 's around they will all be killed as collateral damage .
If you ask , he 'll just say , hey , it was just some crazy foreigner .
Never meant for the family to be wiped too .
So if you love your family , you 're not going home until you resolved this . "
His advice to me was , " You 're a writer .
Time to write .
He 's angry with you now because you have information , but once it's out he 'll have problems bigger than you to worry about . "
Do you worry about your family ?
I have a guarantee from someone up high in the Yamaguchi - gumi that they wo n't touch my family .
Their word is pretty solid .
It 's a gentleman 's agreement that they 'll only kill me , which makes me feel better .
Really ?
Sure , because there 's less to worry about .
What do you do to keep yourself centered ?
I meditate .
I 'm going to get my Buddhist priest certification this year — that 's what I originally went to Japan for .
I 've been offered a meeting with Goto when I get that certification .
He 's also a Buddhist priest now .
Another boss promised that once they can be sure we 're not going to punch each other 's lights out , we should meet .
" He 's a changed man , " he said .
I 'm like , yeah , tell me another one .
Is it a trend for ex-yakuza to become Buddhist priests ?
It 's not uncommon .
There are two reason for doing this .
Once you set yourself up as a religious organization , you do n't get taxed on your income .
It 's a great way to launder money .
The other reason is that people love the bad guy becomes a good guy story .
As soon as he left the Yamaguchi - gumi , there was an order out to hit him ; but as soon as he becomes a Buddhist priest you can't kill him .
Here 's this guy trying to lead a good life and you killed him .
You guys are evil .
He 's good .
Goto leaked the Buddhist priest story all over the place .
The priest robe is his bullet - proof vest .
Is it your bullet - proof vest too ?
No , it 's just something to do .
I 've got a lot of yakuza friends and cop friends and reporter friends .
They all die early .
It would be nice to be able to do their funerals for them .
Is there anything about the yakuza that you admire ?
Unlike in America , where someone 's word is as light as a feather , some of the yakuza guys have demonstrated incredible loyalty .
If they promise something — if they give their word — they honor it , even if that promise is no longer convenient or even detrimental to keep .
Bushi ni nigon wa nai .
( " A warrior does not have a forked tongue . " )
Once you 've said it , then you 'll do it .
A promise is a promise .
It 's so rare to meet anybody in this world who has any sense of honor , who puts actual importance in keeping their word .
That 's one of the nicer things about them .
I was a very typical American when I started on this beat .
I 'd say I 'd be somewhere and I would n't , I was late for appointments …
To me those are typical American traits — sloppy , forgetful , does n't honor their word , and does n't remember the favors that have been done to them .
Over time , I 've learned that if you say to one of these people , yeah I 'll call you , then you better call them .
Every time you say you 'll do something , you do it , and you build credibility with these people .
I 'm willing to accept their codes of behavior and live by them .
There 's a lot of wisdom in the things that they 've taught me .
What 's bad about that is that I 'm probably a very hard person to be with .
I 'm a very hard person to date and to have as a friend because my expectations are high .
As a result , I do n't have that many close friends .
I do n't know if I 'll ever date anyone again .
Most of my closest friends are either cops or criminals .
You 've also said in the past that it 's not safe for someone to be too close to you .
I wonder if I should hand people a list that says : " Hi , here are the risks of being close with me " — like a warning on a cigarette pack —
" I have a dangerous job and I anger people and it might put you at risk if you 're perceived as someone very close to me . "
I 'm horribly overly paternal .
I 'm not a misogynist or a chauvinist , but I keep seeing women victimized .
So with my friends who are female , I am overgenerous and overprotective to the point of being annoying .
And there 's guilt involved there .
I probably care too much because I 'm compensating for a time when I did n't care enough .
I believe investigative journalists serve a function in society by correcting wrongs that the government or police wo n't address .
It keeps society healthy .
I believe in my cause , and am willing to risk personal injury to do that .
I 'd be setting a bad example for my children if I said , " When the bad guys yell in your face and threaten you , you run away . "
I like my job .
I think I do some good in the world .
Has this affected your health at all ?
You can toss around terms like PTSD , but that 's not what it is .
There 's still a legitimate risk , however small , so I have to be careful .
Sometimes I see someone who 's walking behind me for too long or someone who just has that look and my fight or flight turns on .
I think the psychological term is hypervigilance .
When I walk into a restaurant I scope out the place .
I almost always sit facing the door .
I sleep in two to three hour shifts .
I 'm in lousy shape after smoking and drinking too much and being under constant stress .
The other day , I had a migraine or a mini-stroke .
It was ten in the morning , and I was Tweeting on my computer something funny that a yakuza boss had said recently when I noticed I could n't see out of my left eye .
I had a splitting headache and felt really nauseous .
I tried dialing emergency but no words would come out of my mouth .
So I walked to the clinic down the street , and they ran some tests .
I had to cancel my flight to the US and book a new ticket .
One of the things I love most about Japan is the public health care system .
When I feel bad , I can go to the doctor without going bankrupt or worrying that my insurance company 's going to drop me .
If you had the choice , would you get out of this lifestyle ?
Yes , I would love to get out but I can't .
I am trapped .
How do I earn my living ?
I write .
What 's my next book about ?
It 's about yakuza .
Until I finish that book , I 'm locked in .
The bill is the most sweeping piece of federal legislation since Medicare was passed in 1965 .
It aims to smooth out one of the roughest edges in American society — the inability of many people to afford medical care after they lose a job or get sick .
And it would do so in large measure by taxing the rich .
A big chunk of the money to pay for the bill comes from lifting payroll taxes on households making more than $ 250,000 .
On average , the annual tax bill for households making more than $ 1 million a year will rise by $ 46,000 in 2013 , according to the Tax Policy Center , a Washington research group .
Another major piece of financing would cut Medicare subsidies for private insurers , ultimately affecting their executives and shareholders .
The benefits , meanwhile , flow mostly to households making less than four times the poverty level — $ 88,200 for a family of four people .
Those without insurance in this group will become eligible to receive subsidies or to join Medicaid .
( Many of the poor are already covered by Medicaid . )
Insurance costs are also likely to drop for higher - income workers at small companies .
Finally , the bill will also reduce a different kind of inequality .
In the broadest sense , insurance is meant to spread the costs of an individual ’s misfortune — illness , death , fire , flood — across society .
Since the late 1970s , though , the share of Americans with health insurance has shrunk .
As a result , the gap between the economic well - being of the sick and the healthy has been growing , at virtually every level of the income distribution .
The health reform bill will reverse that trend .
By 2019 , 95 percent of people are projected to be covered , up from 85 percent today ( and about 90 percent in the late 1970s ) .
Even affluent families ineligible for subsidies will benefit if they lose their insurance , by being able to buy a plan that can no longer charge more for pre-existing conditions .
In effect , healthy families will be picking up most of the bill — and their insurance will be somewhat more expensive than it otherwise would have been .
If you 've wondered why there have n't been many Gears releases or posts on the Gears blog lately , it 's because we 've shifted our effort towards bringing all of the Gears capabilities into web standards like HTML5 .
We 're not there yet , but we are getting closer .
In January we shipped a new version of Google Chrome that natively supports a Database API similar to the Gears database API , workers ( both local and shared , equivalent to workers and cross - origin wokers in Gears ) , and also new APIs like Local Storage and Web Sockets .
Other facets of Gears , such as the LocalServer API and Geolocation , are also represented by similar APIs in new standards and will be included in Google Chrome shortly .
We realize there is not yet a simple , comprehensive way to take your Gears - enabled application and move it ( and your entire userbase ) over to a standards - based approach .
We will continue to support Gears until such a migration is more feasible , but this support will be necessarily constrained in scope .
We will not be investing resources in active development of new features .
Likewise , there are some platforms that would require a significant engineering effort to support due to large architectural changes .
Specifically , we cannot support Gears in Safari on OS X Snow Leopard and later .
Support for Gears in Firefox ( including 3.6 , which will be supported shortly ) and Internet Explorer will continue .
I 'll assume you did n't bother to watch President Obama ( go ahead , say it ) at the Republican lunch when he gave a brief speech and then opened it up for questions .
For well over an hour .
Going into the lion 's den and taking questions , displaying a mastery of every subject , showing a knack for actual nuance ; this is not a man who struggles with intellect nor with the English language .
Parents are expressing concern and disappointment towards Peoria Unified School District board member Diane Douglas over her opposition to a one - cent sales tax increase as part of axthetax.com .
The district has said it would face a $ 15 million shortfall should the tax be rejected at the ballot box May 18 .
During public comments at last week 's board meeting , some parents called for Douglas ' resignation , questioning how she could serve both on the school board and as the anti-tax group 's treasurer .
Angela Mussi , president of the Peoria United Parent Council , said she was shocked to learn that Douglas was opposing Proposition 100 .
" How can you be working to defeat this when it means so much to our district and to our students ? "
Mussi asked .
Douglas said she is a staunch supporter of high quality education but opposes Proposition 100 because it would damage efforts to rebuild Arizona 's economy .
Douglas added that her support for axthetax.com is not within the purview of the governing board and that she and the parents raising the issue simply have a difference in philosophy .
Proposition 100 is a three - year tax expected to generate about $ 3 billion , with a sizeable portion earmarked for education .
The Peoria district is expecting state funding cuts of about $ 21 million for next school year , with an additional $ 15 million should voters reject the tax .
Parent Ken Feldman requested that Douglas resign and threatened that if she did n't , he would pursue a recall .
He said Douglas is showing a lack of priorities and violating the oath of office she made when elected to the governing board .
The parents council has not considered pursuing a recall and will wait for Douglas to further respond to questions regarding her position on Proposition 100 , Mussi said .
" There is no doubt that we have a difference in opinions on issues , but as a governing board member , it is her responsibility to protect the students of PUSD and provide the highest education possible , " Mussi said .
Board President Kathy Knecht and board member Joe McCord requested that the board discuss and consider formal public support for Proposition 100 .
" Passage of Proposition 100 is critical to preserve programs and to do the best by our students and teachers of our district , " Knecht said .
" I would hope that everyone related to our school district understand the importance of passing it . "
UPDATE 19 August 2010 : Icon has revised the styling of the Sheene .
The latest images are on the Icon website .
By guest writer Tom Stewart .
Looking for the world ’s most powerful and expensive production road bike ?
Well look no further , because according to the newly formed , Nottinghamshire - based manufacturer Icon Motorcycles , it ’s £ 107,000 tribute to Barry Sheene : the +250 bhp Icon Sheene .
First revealed at the recent Goodwood pre-season media day , this arresting machine is British businessman Andrew Morris ’ vision , now a running reality , of the ultimate road - going motorbike and a tribute to his boyhood hero .
Endorsed by Barry Sheene ’s widow Stephanie and by ex-team mate and best mate Steve Parrish , just 52 Icon Sheenes are planned to be built — one for each year of Barry ’s life .
When it was put to chief Icon test rider Parrish that £ 107,000 ( US $ 160,000 ) was ‘ quite a lot ’ , even for a 200 mph motorcycle , he replied , “ If you look closely then you can see the value ” .
So , let ’s look closely .
The engine is a hand - built , Garrett turbocharged Suzuki GSX1400 air - cooled lump ( because it looks like an engine ) with Carrillo rods , Wiseco pistons and other competition - spec internals .
250 bhp with 133 lb / ft is claimed at the rear wheel , even in lowest ( 0.4 bar ) boost mode .
This is wrapped in an all - aluminum , purpose - built Spondon tubular frame complemented by an aluminum Fabrication Techniques swing - arm with Bitubo rear suspension and usd forks .
With carbon - fiber race wheels , ISR calipers , discs and levers , hand - laid carbon - fiber bodywork , a handmade aluminum tank , twin hand - crafted aluminum oil coolers , a handmade stainless exhaust , Bosch Motronic engine management ( with custom mapping and datalogging ) , digital instrumentation , keyless starting and F1 - spec wiring throughout , this is obviously no bargain basement machine .
The Icon also flaunts detailing to further woo wealthy buyers such as etched and engraved plaques and yokes , a hand - painted 1940s style pin-up girl and Barry Sheene ’s lucky no .7 embroidered into the heart - shaped alcantara bum - stop .
So : powerful , fast and expensive it undeniably is .
But could this Icon also be a gauche , mildly exploitative , over - priced white elephant , much of which — frame , engine and styling — would n’t have been cutting - edge twenty years ago ?
You decide .
Getty Images
FOR ALL the woes of the city that hosts it , Detroit 's annual motor show is still a bellwether for America 's car industry .
Last January , as the industry grappled with its biggest crisis in living memory and at least two of Detroit 's Big Three carmakers teetered on the brink of collapse , the usual razzmatazz was replaced by fear and foreboding .
This year hope had returned , but accompanied by deep uncertainty .
Hope , because both Ford , which avoided bankruptcy , and General Motors , which did not , had attractive new vehicles on display amid signs that the market is picking up , and could reach sales of 12 m vehicles in America this year .
Uncertainty , because the vehicles on which Detroit is pinning its future , and which dominated the show , are smallish cars of the kind that have long been the bedrock of the European market , but which Americans have always regarded as poor man 's vehicles .
There are several reasons for Detroit 's conversion to small cars .
The biggest is the pressure that every big carmaker is under to meet increasingly tough rules on fuel economy and emissions .
In the middle of last year Barack Obama announced that the new 35 mpg CAFE ( corporate average fuel economy ) standard would come into force in 2016 rather than 2020 .
Instead of protesting noisily , as in the past , Detroit praised his wisdom .
With their survival dependent on federal bail - out funds , GM and Chrysler had little choice other than to grin and nod , but Ford was just as keen .
All three had been badly burned by the near - doubling of petrol prices in 2008 and were convinced that even though gas was cheap again , a business model built on it staying that way was broken .
That led to another inescapable conclusion .
Although some Americans will refuse to be parted from their pickup trucks and muscle cars , catering to American automotive exceptionalism was no longer an option .
The new CAFE standard meant that cars would have to be hitting 42 mpg ( 26 mpg for trucks ) in less time than it typically takes to develop new car models .
The carmakers would have no choice but to try to sell Americans cars developed for Europe and Asia .
Furthermore , only by using the same platforms all over the world could the carmakers begin to compensate for the loss of the fat profits that used to come from selling big vehicles .
That is why Ford 's chief executive , Alan Mulally , set out in early 2007 , controversially at the time , to remake the firm around his “ One Ford ” global design and development strategy .
That is also why GM belatedly realised that selling its European arm , Opel / Vauxhall , would have been a fatal error .
And that is why the idea of Fiat saving Chrysler is not as crazy as it first seemed .
But the question which nobody can yet answer is whether Americans will pay enough for smaller cars to make them even modestly profitable .
The first company to find out will be Ford .
Having just bagged both the North American car and truck of the year awards with , respectively , the Fusion Hybrid and the Transit Connect van , it unveiled the star of the Detroit show , the new Focus ( pictured above ) .
It is a handsome and technology - laden compact car that will be sold ( and made ) in every big world market from next year with only small tweaks to suit local conditions and tastes .
However , whereas the Focus that Ford currently sells in America for around $ 20,000 is a stripped - down version of a car that was replaced in Europe five years ago , the new Focus will have to sell for prices closer to those that Europeans are accustomed to paying if it is to make a profit for Ford .
That suggests a sticker price of at least $ 30,000 before taxes for a mid-range version .
Well before the Focus hits the market , Ford will launch the new Fiesta in America this summer .
This slickly styled subcompact has been a top seller in Europe since late 2008 .
There is a lot riding on the Fiesta , not just for Ford but for the whole industry .
Jim Farley , the marketing guru Ford poached from Toyota , has been planning its launch for nearly two years .
Mr Farley has used social media and viral - marketing techniques to generate excitement and name - recognition .
But even he does not believe Ford will be able to sell the Fiesta for anything like the kind of prices — € 17,250 ( $ 24,700 ) for the top - of - the range versions that accounted for 30 % of sales last year — that Europeans are willing to pay .
The Fiesta may set new class standards for refinement and handling , but it is still a small car and some industry observers fear that it may be too sophisticated for the market .
Although BMW 's ultra-premium Mini fetches over $ 30,000 , Ford will offer the Fiesta from about $ 14,000 for the basic version to $ 20,000 with all the extras — around the same prices Honda charges for the Fit , a capable but less dynamically accomplished subcompact .
At those prices , Ford will struggle to make much profit even if buyers choose lots of extras .
Ford is on a roll thanks to its improving product quality and the halo effect of having avoided bankruptcy .
But the Ford brand is still best - known for rugged F - 150 pickup trucks and hulking SUVs .
The company has not even bothered to offer a subcompact in America since 1997 , when it dropped the wretchedly mediocre , Korean - built Aspire .
Critically , it is far from certain whether Ford 's dealers will even know how to sell such a car .
A wave of great small cars is about to hit the forecourts of American dealers — none better than the European - developed cars that Ford will be offering .
The big question now is whether Americans can be persuaded to pay enough for them to give the industry a viable future .
Gates Goads Google
Is it just us , or will Bill Gates say just about anything to be chummy with the Chinese government ?
When asked about
Google's
( GOOG ) - Get Report
battle with Beijing over censorship on ABC's " Good Morning America " on Monday ,
Microsoft's
( MSFT ) - Get Report
chairman described Chinese restrictions as " very limited . "
Gates added that the Internet is subject to different kinds of censorship around the world , but has proved successful at promoting openness .
" The Chinese efforts to censor the Internet have been very limited .
It 's easy to go around it , and so I think keeping the Internet thriving there is very important , " said Gates .
Oh sure , Bill !
We totally agree that those Chinese Internet police are just a bunch of softies , veritable mall cops .
Just ask the Chinese dissidents who were jailed for " inciting subversion " when
Yahoo !
( YHOO )
named names a few years ago , and we are sure they will say the same thing -- under threat of severe torture , of course .
Look , we understand that Gates wants to open some doors and , more importantly , sell some Windows 7 in the world 's biggest market .
However , it 's pretty discouraging when the world 's richest man -- and so - called humanitarian -- sells out in order to do so .
Dumb - o - meter score : 75 -- Is Beijing Bill another Tokyo Rose ?
We sure hope not .
Oracle 's Billboard Bombshells
He may be the president of
Oracle
( ORCL ) - Get Report
, but Charles Phillips sure did n't see this one coming .
Phillips admitted to an extramarital affair late last week with a woman he was pictured embracing on billboards that mysteriously popped up in New York and Atlanta .
The billboards , which showed a beaming Phillips with his arms wrapped snugly around a certain YaVaughnie Wilkins , featured the message " You are my soulmate forever ! " and a link to an online gallery of additional romantic photos of the pair .
" I had an 8 1/2 - year serious relationship with YaVaughnie Wilkins .
My divorce proceedings began in 2008 .
The relationship with Ms. Wilkins has since ended and we both wish each other well , " acknowledged Phillips who reportedly lives with his wife in New York and regularly works in the Bay Area .
So much for " soulmates forever . "
Huh ?
He clearly wanted to get out and she wanted to get even .
And boy , did she ever !
Estimates for the billboard purchases have been pegged around a quarter million dollars and the wacky tale of the spurned lover 's revenge lit up not just Times Square at night but gossip pages worldwide .
Last year , Oracle paid Phillips made more than $ 19.3 million , so he clearly has the means to top Wilkins ' billboards and get back on his wife 's good side .
And in our opinion there is only one way for him to do it : A Super Bowl ad .
Dumb - o - meter score : 80 --
We can't wait to see what Wilkins has planned for Valentine 's Day .
GM's ' New ' General
Take our advice when we tell you not to play hide and seek with the folks at
GM
.
The automaker spent seven weeks looking for a new CEO , only to find their man already seated comfortably in the executive suite .
General Motors chairman and interim chief executive , Ed Whitacre Jr. , announced Monday that he is dropping the interim from his CEO title .
The former CEO of
AT&T
( T) - Get Report
has been serving as interim CEO since the board ousted former CEO Fritz Henderson on Dec. 1 .
" The board looked at the potential candidates and decided this place needs stability .
We do n't need any more uncertainty , " Whitacre told reporters at GM's Detroit headquarters .
Excuse us for asking , but if Whitacre was just going to stay on as CEO , why did a cash - strapped GM pay a search firm to find a successor ?
And what on earth did they do for nearly two months ?
Eat potato chips and play ' Where 's Waldo ? ' ?
Whitacre said it was not his intention to become CEO when he was named chairman , but feels he has a good grasp of the company and what needs to be done to turn it around .
" I think this company is good for America .
I think America needs this , " said Whitacre .
Frankly Ed , to us it sounds more like you need this .
Dumb - o - meter score : 85 -- Whitacre also promised to repay the $ 8.1 billion in loans it received from the U.S. and Canadian governments by June .
That 's a lot of money .
We sure hope he remembers where to find it .
Jackson Hewitt 's Headache
Jackson Hewitt
( JTX )
is finding itself in quite a taxing situation these days .
Shares of the tax preparer sank 17 % on Wednesday to less than $ 3 a share after it said it was unable to secure the funding it needs for refund anticipation loans during the busy income tax season .
The company , which is the industry 's No. 2 player behind
H&R Block
( HRB ) - Get Report
, said it has commitments for only half the funds it had last year to offer the loans , which it offers to customers who expect to pocket refunds from the Internal Revenue Service .
Hey , did you ever notice how when you combine " the " and " IRS " it spells " theIRS " ?
Pretty ironic , huh ?
Anyway , the failure to secure the funds will impair the company 's " business , financial condition and results of operations , " said Jackson Hewitt in an
Securities and Exchange Commission
filing .
Now that 's a double whammy .
First , Jackson
Hewitt customers can't get a loan while they wait for their money back from the IRS .
Next , Jackson
Hewitt shareholders get hammered by a sliding stock .
Clearly Jackson
Hewitt needs to better account for its behavior , or pretty soon it will be game over .
Dumb - o - meter score : 90 -- Talk about taking the " fun " out of " refund " ( Okay , we 'll stop ) .
Obama 's Bank Boost
For a guy who does n't want Wall Street 's elite to make any more money , President Obama sure did a good job lining their pockets last week .
President Obama introduced his plan to curb proprietary trading and " obscene " bonuses last week at nearly the exact time when banks such as
Goldman Sachs
( GS ) - Get Report
and
Morgan Stanley
( MS ) - Get Report
were pricing their employee stock awards .
Therefore , as
Bloomberg
rightly pointed out first , when the president struck out at the banks last week , the subsequent plunge in financial stocks only helped their employees get better strike prices .
The capper is that now , more than ever , Wall Street 's biggest banks are awarding more of their bonuses in stock to tie pay to performance .
Ah , the law of unintended consequences can be so cruel , ca n't it Mr. President ?
Goldman Sachs , for example , priced its bonus shares at $ 154.12 , the closing level on Jan. 22 , according to a
Bloomberg
source , after Obama 's attack prompted a 8.1 % slide in the stock .
As a result of the biggest two - day drop in Goldman shares since March , employees will receive more shares than they would have earlier in the week , and have greater upside should the stock move higher .
Morgan Stanley 's squad also benefited from Obama 's bashing .
Morgan Stanley priced its stock awards on Jan. 21 , the day Obama announced his plan .
Morgan Stanley shares tumbled 4.2 % that day .
The real losers were over at
JPMorgan Chase
( JPM ) - Get Report
, according to
Bloomberg
.
The bank priced stock for most employees on Jan. 20 , just prior to Obama 's declaration of war .
Its shares dropped 9.8 % during the next two days .
Sorry guys .
Just wait till next year and maybe the president will attack you again .
Dumb - o - meter score : 95 --
It 's truly extraordinary .
Goldman Sachs can't even cut compensation when it wants to !
Before joining TheStreet.com , Gregg Greenberg was a writer and segment producer for CNBC's Closing Bell .
He previously worked at FleetBoston and Lehman Brothers in their Private Client Services divisions , covering high net - worth individuals and midsize hedge funds .
Greenberg attended New York University 's School of Business and Economic Reporting .
He also has an M.B.A. from Cornell University 's Johnson School of Business , and a B.A. in history from Amherst College .
We have who you are looking for
Information without innovation is just data
I 'm trying to establish just how ­often the feminist writer Natasha Walter gets angry .
Is she ever in a rage before breakfast ?
" Rarely , " she says .
Does she ever rant at sexist comments on TV ?
" From time to time . "
Would she ­describe ­herself as an angry person ?
­" Sometimes I think I 'm not the raging sort . "
I 'm on a mission to discover what fires Walter up .
She has been one of Britain 's foremost feminist voices for more than a decade , a period in which she has written rationally , ­often ­compellingly , on everything from ­prostitution to parental leave and ­pornography to equal pay .
They are subjects that can provoke real fury , and yet Walter 's approach to them tends to be calm , sane , straightforward .
Which is great , of course , but her sensibility has always intrigued me .
It 's a hoary old cliche that feminists are intrinsically angry – a cliche that has been used to undermine feminists , to paint us as marauding harpies , steam belching from our ears – but like all cliches it holds a grain of truth .
Most strong political arguments do , necessarily , arise from a wellspring of anger .
So what makes Walter furious ?
What drives her ?
We have arranged to meet to talk about her new book , Living Dolls : The Return of Sexism .
It is organised in two distinct parts , and the first finds Walter ­taking a journey through the seedy underbelly of modern culture , an ­excursion that starts , in faintly ­surreal fashion , at a " Babes on the Bed " ­competition in a Southend nightclub , a contest to find a glamour model for Nuts magazine .
It 's difficult to ­imagine anyone more ­incongruous here than the intellectual , refined Walter ; ­especially when the DJ starts ­shouting , " This is Cara Brett !
She 's on the cover of Nuts this week !
So buy her , take her home and have a wank . "
The ­uncomfortable scene grows uglier as a series of young women take to a bed and strip off their bras to " joggle " their breasts before a throng of men .
The journey continues through interviews with a former lap dancer called Ellie , who helps illustrate just how sexist the culture has ­become : " Now , " says ­Ellie , " women get told they are prudes if they say they do n't want their boyfriend to go to a club where he gets to stick his fingers in someone else 's vagina . "
She interviews a woman she calls Angela , who , in ­describing her work as a prostitute , says that " basically you 've consented to being raped sometimes for money " .
And then there 's pornography addict Jim , who says that " porn is way more brutalising than it used to be .
There is this unbelievable obsession with [ extreme ] anal sex . . .
It 's far more demeaning to women than in the past . "
It 's all enraging material , and Walter marshals it well , but there still seems to be an edge of fury amiss .
I ask what prompted her to write this first part of the book , and she says that it came about after a short ­newspaper column that she had dashed off .
" It was just a little squib about lads ' ­magazines .
I did n't invest much in it , and it was one of those ­situations where you start ­getting more ­responses than you expected . "
One email in particular stuck out , a message from a 17 - year - old girl called Carly Whiteley .
She said that she was " starting to think it was time to give up and sit in silence while my friends put on a porno and grunted about ­whatever blonde , airbrushed piece of plastic was in Nuts this week .
What you said gave me back the will not to give in . . .
It 's nice to see someone else saying it , makes me feel like less of a prude - type oddball . "
The " prude " reference was key .
In Living Dolls , Walter takes on the ­notion that , for example , stripping and pole dancing are ­empowering , ­liberating choices ; instead , she ­suggests , it has become increasingly difficult for young women to opt out of this culture , to take any path other than that which leads inexorably to fake nails , fake tan and , finally , fake breasts .
And , if they do , there are ­serious social penalties .
" I was surprised by the attitudes of the girls I interviewed , " she says , " who seemed to feel that they would be mocked if they protested within their peer groups .
You know , when I was at university [ in the 80s ] it was OK to be annoyed about ­sexism , to take it quite seriously – if you argued about it , it did n't make you the ­subject of ­mockery .
Even if you did n't ­particularly identify yourself as a feminist , you could choose where you wanted to be on a spectrum , and you could still say , ' I really do n't want Page 3 in the ­common room , ' or , ' I ­really hate the idea of porn ' . . .
I was surprised when I was ­interviewing young women that they felt ­uncomfortable engaging in that way .
Of course , a lot them would say , ' It 's fine , we can choose whether to [ interact with the sexist culture ] or not , ' and then you dig a little deeper , and you realise that it is more ­problematic than that . "
The focus on popular culture , on the pervasive web of sexist imagery and behaviour , is a big shift away from Walter 's first book , The New Feminism , which came out in 1998 .
Then she ­argued that feminists should ­concentrate on specific political , ­social and financial aims ; in Living Dolls she writes that she felt that , at that time , we could put aside the feminist ­arguments that " centred on private lives : how women made love , how they dressed , whom they desired . . .
I believed that we only had to put in place the conditions for equality for the remnants of the old - fashioned sexism in our culture to wither away .
I am ready to admit that I was entirely wrong . "
Was she more optimistic about the prospect of equality back then , with New Labour just elected , and women such as Mo Mowlam , Clare Short and Harriet Harman riding high in politics ?
" Totally , " she says .
" I really felt that we were on an irresistible journey .
There was still this big gap to close , but I felt that we wanted to close it , and it was possible to close it , and therefore we would .
We were in a virtuous ­circle .
And what I feel now is that policy changes are not enough , ­because the culture is still very resistant to change .
The book 's subtitle is The Return of Sexism , and while I do n't really think sexism ever went away , it 's stronger than it was .
It 's as though something crept in by the backdoor – and we turned around and it's everywhere , and you just think , ' OK , we 've got to deal with this again . ' "
Walter grew up steeped in politics .
She was born in 1967 to Nicolas , an influential anarchist once imprisoned for heckling Harold Wilson , and Ruth , who was also politically active .
Her parents had met in the peace ­movement , and Walter 's mother went on to become a social worker , and an avid reader of Spare Rib : " She was genuinely ­committed to feminism , in a very true way . "
Was there a specific moment when Walter herself became a feminist ?
She shakes her head .
" It was just always there . "
They lived in the suburbs , and ­Walter went to the exclusive girls ' school , North London Collegiate , then on to study English at Cambridge .
There followed a stint at Vogue , and writing for various ­newspapers , before the publication of The New Feminism .
The book came at an ­interesting , divisive ­period in the feminist movement , an era of ­personal spats between leading feminists , played out in public .
In the mid-90s , Germaine Greer said that ­Suzanne Moore had " hair bird 's - nested all over the place , fuck - me shoes , and three fat inches of cleavage " ; a few years ­before , Julie Burchill and Camille Paglia had conducted a lively argument via fax machine .
Along came The New ­Feminism , and many ­established feminists took the title as an insult .
Why was a new ­feminism ­necessary ?
The book ­itself was variously ­described as a work of " post - political blandness " , " just not serious " , the product of ­" cyclical amnesia " , an ­uninvigorating read " with none of the impact , inspirational or irritating , of a seminal ­feminist work " , a book that " tends towards the banal .
New ­Feminism desperately wants not to be a threat to men's egos or women 's sex appeal . "
Germaine Greer said that " lifestyle feminists " were one of the reasons that she had decided to write The Whole Woman , her follow up to The Female Eunuch ; " I thought , this is n't what it is about at all , " she said of Walter 's work .
Walter was described as " the ­embodiment of sweet reason and non-aggression " , much reference was made to her good looks ( not meant as a compliment ) , and as the response unfolded , you could n't help feeling sympathetic towards her , caught , as she was , in the jaws of a generational shift .
I ask how she felt at the time , and she says that she was " disappointed .
What really pissed me off was that ­people kept referring to it as some argument for the right to wear lipstick .
That just was not what the book was about .
I wanted people to talk about , ' Well , why are women poorer than men ?
Why do n't we earn as much ? '
It really ­infuriated me that people were n't ­prepared to engage with that debate . "
The experience seems to have shaken her confidence .
" Certainly , after I published The New Feminism I took a back seat – if you had told me a year after that that I 'd be writing ­another [ feminist ] book , I 'd say , ' You 're kidding , I 'm not going to go there again . "
People started saying personal things about me and the way I looked .
I hated all that . . .
There was a slightly bitter tone that crept in .
­ Territorial , I suppose . "
I wonder if she ever lost faith in the women 's movement , and she says that " if I 'm being really , really honest , I did . . .
There was a patch after The New Feminism where I felt as though other feminists were n't being very sisterly , I suppose . "
Her faith was ­revived when she set up the campaign group Women for Refugee Women in 2006 , a cause she is clearly ­passionate about , and which has inspired some of her best journalism .
" That reconnected me to that basic human rights agenda of the women 's movement , which was ­fantastic .
Over the last few years there 's been so much , well , sisterhood .
That 's an overused word , but it 's real , and it 's hugely sustaining . "
Walter and her partner have two ­children , Clara , nine , and Arthur , one , and it was becoming a mother that partly inspired the second half of ­Living Dolls .
In this section , Walter looks at the way that arguments for biological determinism have suddenly multiplied in recent years .
She ­delivers a ­convincing critique of the studies that have been used to imply that children are biologically programmed to fit social stereotypes – that boys have a natural love of blue and cars and guns , and that girls have a natural love of pink and prams and dolls .
When Walter first had her daughter , she says , " I was hit by this deluge of pink .
Then , at friends ' houses , you 'd walk into a boy 's bedroom , and it would just be blue and navy , and full of cars and Action Men .
I found that when I raised this – even with really liberal parents – they would say , ' But boys and girls are just different .
She just LOVES pink . '
Or , ' It 's such a pity that he does n't play with dolls , but he just does n't get it . '
They would be ­saying this , sort of bemoaning it , but ­endlessly reinforcing [ gender ] ­stereotypes in an almost unconscious way . . .
I 'd hear things like , ' Well , he wanted to do ballet , but he'd be the only boy in the class , so obviously he could n't do it , ' and you 'd think , ' Why obviously ? ' . "
The two halves of Living Dolls ­provide an anatomy of regression , of a culture that has responded to the ascent of women with a reassertion of sexist values : the objectification of young women , the suggestion that men and women are simply programmed to behave in certain ways , and that inequality is therefore inevitable .
However successful the book is , it 's a welcome addition to the feminist bookshelf , and comes at the start of a year that will see two more British feminist books published – Kat Banyard 's The Equality Illusion , and Catherine Redfern and Kristin Aune 's Reclaiming the F Word : The New ­Feminist Movement .
Walter says that she is excited by the amount of feminist writing and ­activism that has sprung up recently – at the end of her book she briefly ­profiles some of the key organisations and activists of the last 10 years .
" When I wrote The New Feminism , I went and talked to various organisations about their work and , to be honest , I felt I was slightly spinning them [ in the book ] , because I wanted them to be doing well .
Now I think I can be much more wholehearted .
Young women come up at the end of events and say , ' What can I do , can I come and volunteer ? '
And they 're so excited and idealistic .
It 's wonderful . "
We return to the ­subject of anger .
Walter admits that she 's not a font of fury , and that " sometimes what you need in this debate are the people who will be enraged , and who will ­really shout .
And maybe in this generation we do n't quite have someone like that .
Of course , a lot of feminist books come out of a personal anger , from that sense of , ' I have suffered , and I 'm going to tell you about that . '
I do n't write those books because I have n't suffered in that way .
I just have n't .
I do n't have the personal weight of rage that some inspirational feminists have .
And I 'm not going to pretend that I do .
It 's maddening when you feel a comfortable , middle - class feminist trying to take the weight of the world 's sorrows on her shoulders . "
Instead , she says , what she does is " to put the argument in place and think about it " , to act as a conduit for the stories of women who have suffered , whether it 's a rape victim seeking refuge , or a young lap dancer in London .
In some ways , her lack of intrinsic rage makes Walter 's writing even more admirable , ­particularly ­considering the opprobrium she 's faced .
She does it out of social ­conscience , " out of solidarity " , she says .
What ­better reason is there ?
Kira Cochrane is the Guardian 's women 's editor .
Natasha Walter 's Living Dolls : The Return of Sexism is published by Virago Press on 4 February , price £ 12.99
As your iTunes Library continues to grow , the time may come when it outgrows the available space left on your hard drive .
When that happens , a common solution is to move your library to another ( larger or more empty ) drive .
Doing this is not difficult .
However , as iTunes has a number of similar - sounding options and installs a number of similar - sounding iTunes - related files on your drive , it may not be self - evident how to go about moving your music library .
What makes the task potentially treacherous is that a wrong move can leave your music files in a state where iTunes is no longer able to find or play them .
Here ’s how to avoid this :
Move only the iTunes Media folder ; leave the rest alone
By default , your iTunes Library files , together with an assortment of other iTunes - related files , are located in the Music -> iTunes folder of your Home directory .
Within this iTunes folder is a folder named iTunes Media .
This is where all the gigabytes of your audio and video files are stored .
( Note : If you have an older version of iTunes or have not updated the folder organization , the relevant folder may be named iTunes Music instead of iTunes Media .
Also , if you deselected the default option to copy files imported to iTunes , your media files may be scattered anywhere on your drive , not just in the iTunes Media folder .
For simplicity , I am assuming that ’s not the case here . )
The iTunes Media folder is the only folder that you will be relocating .
All other items in the Music and iTunes folders , such as the iTunes Library and iTunes Music Library.xml files , should be left alone .
Look before you leap
You may think the first thing you should do is copy your iTunes Media folder to your desired new location .
You would be wrong .
Actually , this might work if you were moving , rather than copying , the folder to another location on the same drive partition .
In a support article , Apple explains how to move an iTunes Music / Media folder so as to make it shareable .
In brief , it says :
Move the iTunes Music / Media folder to the desired new location ( such as to the Shared user folder ) ;
From the iTunes menu , choose Preferences and navigate to Advanced ; Click the Change button for “ iTunes Media folder location ” and enter the new location of the folder .
However , for relocating your Library to a new drive / partition , you will be copying the iTunes Media folder .
If you attempted the above procedure , and then deleted the original supposedly - no - longer - needed iTunes Media folder , you will wind up in trouble .
iTunes will continue to list all your files .
But when you click to play any of them , you will get a message that the file “ could not be found . ”
This happens because changing the location listed in Advanced in this case only affects where “ new songs and other items you import ” are stored .
For your existing media , iTunes still expects them to be in the now - deleted original location — which is why iTunes can’t find them .
When I tested this out , I tried several potential fixes , short of copying the folder back to its original location and starting over .
None of them worked .
For example , I held down the Option key when launching iTunes .
This brought up a dialog from which you can select to choose a new Library .
Doing so had no effect .
How to do it right
The correct procedure for making the relocation is described in another Apple support article .
Briefly , it says :
Before you move anything , list the intended new location in the Advanced section of iTunes Preferences ; From the File menu of iTunes , choose Library ->
Organize Library ;
From the dialog that appears , select to “ Consolidate files . ”
Doing this will copy all the files to the new location .
When complete , you can delete the original iTunes Media folder .
Everything should now work as expected .
Regardless , as covered in a recent article by my colleague Christopher Breen , it pays to have a backup of your iTunes Library before you begin .
If anything unexpected happens , your precious media files are still safe .
Just as the Carling Cup competition put this season 's FA Cup in the shade , so the ugly duckling of the Europa League has just stepped out of the Champions League 's enormous shadow to enjoy some fun in the sun .
It would not be strictly accurate to say that Thursday evening 's entertainment and Friday morning 's quarter - final draw knocked spots off the Champions League , because Uefa 's main tournament is shaping up well this season , with six different countries represented in the last eight ( although Internazionale are even less Italian than Arsenal are English , with a Portuguese coach and 11 overseas players in the starting line - up at Chelsea ) and the world waiting to see whether Barcelona can become the first club to retain the trophy under the modern format .
The Champions League is not doing anything wrong , no more than usual anyway , it was more a case of the Europa League 's last 16 providing plenty that was gloriously right , as well as enjoyably unexpected .
It was not just a matter of Fulham coming back from 4 - 1 down against Juventus , stupendous as that was .
The 4 - 4 draw between Werder Bremen and Valencia was a riot of twists and turns as well as goals , and Anderlecht 's seven - goal thriller against Hamburg must have been a treat to watch even if a 4 - 3 victory left the home crowd disappointed .
Pedants may point out defences were at fault , key players dismissed and the pressure higher in the Champions League , but surely aggregate scores of 5 - 4 , 5 - 5 and 5 - 6 are what the second ‑string European tournament ought to be all about – bearing in mind that it is the second - string tournament , not the one with the pretentious signature tune and stupidly expensive squads .
No one is fooling themselves that Fulham are kings of Europe or that Juventus are not in decline , though over the two legs the two teams were more or less equally matched , as happened in other ties , and open , attacking , even knockabout football is exactly what people want to see from teams in Europe with little or no interest left in the domestic league .
One could almost forgive the Europa League its clumsy group stage and unfortunate obligation to scoop up Champions League rejects for a round of 16 so evenly contested .
In some ways it is a pity the tournament cannot be staged on a knockout basis from the start , as the old European Cup used to be , except there would be mismatches , good teams going out early and interest would only focus on the final stages .
Just about the only downside to last week 's splendid round of 16 was the fact that grounds were half - empty in Germany , of all places , yet the format of the competition is still new and once word gets around that a tedious gestation can produce some extremely lively knockout ties Uefa could be on to an unlikely winner .
If Fulham can beat Juventus they ought to have at least a chance of squeezing past Wolfsburg , so Roy Hodgson may be wrong to suggest the season cannot get any better .
His side have just proved anything can happen , so they had better start believing it .
There may be a semi-final or even a final to come , though it appears the strength is in the other half of the draw , where Liverpool are boxed in by familiar Iberian opponents .
There is a danger , it would seem , in dismissing the Europa League as a mere consolation prize .
As soon as Liverpool were parachuted in they were installed as favourites , and it was even suggested Rafa Benítez would have to win to save some face and keep his job .
While that may or may not be the case , the assumption that the Europa League is going to be a stroll for a team of Liverpool 's calibre is clearly misplaced .
They were not quite as comfortable against Lille on Tuesday as the final score suggested , and now just to reach the final they must overcome Benfica and then the winners of Valencia / Atlético Madrid .
Lille are fifth in their domestic league , like Liverpool , and so are Hamburg , the likely finalists from the other half of the draw .
Benfica are top of the Portuguese league , Valencia are third in Spain , and only Atlético are slumming it in 10th .
Four of Liverpool 's five European Cups proper came in the days when they only played champions , though often they would be the champions of Switzerland or Belgium .
In 1977 when Liverpool conquered Europe for the first time , the teams they actually beat were Crusaders , Trabzonspor , St Etienne , FC Zurich and Borussia Mönchengladbach .
A year later they beat Dynamo Dresden , Benfica , Mönchengladbach and Club Brugge .
Times change , comparisons are difficult , yet it seems this season 's challenge in the junior tournament may be harder .
Liverpool will be pilloried if they fail and deemed to have done no more than the minimum should they succeed .
Hodgson may be feeling like Rocky Marciano ; Benítez is on a hiding to nothing .
Just a quickie to say that AvP Classic on Steam now features multiplayer support .
When launched last month it contained the three campaigns and the skirmish mode , but the decade - old game was n’t sporting online fights .
And now , rather splendidly , it is .
Using Steam ’s overlay doodah combined with the in - game lobby , you can arrange games with friends for olden days style entertainment .
There ’s no dedicated servers , nor plans for any , but I ’d suggest this is one occasion where an angry campaign might not be worth the effort .
It currently costs a measly £ 3 .
Interview with German Government Economic Adviser Euro Zone ' Could Cope with Greek Bankruptcy '
Greece is currently facing the prospect of bankruptcy , which could threaten the euro .
In an interview with SPIEGEL ONLINE , Peter Bofinger , a prominent economic adviser to the German government , explains why he believes Europe 's common currency would survive a Greek collapse and calls for a new global monetary order .
CMCR Grants Program announces new awards
The Center is pleased to announce two new studies for funding this year , examining 1 ) the effects of combining THC and cannabigerol on pain , and 2 ) the impact of CBD on blood pressure and factors related to metabolic syndrome .
Read More .
Yesterday concluded the first Idea Mapping Workshop in the entire Middle East .
This event was organized by Forward Training and Consulting LLC .
It was one of the most inspiring groups I have ever had the privilege to teach in 18 years of doing this work .
Workshop success was so exceptional that we have already scheduled the next training for May 9 - 10 , 2010 in Amman .
I ’ll let you know when registration is open , but if you feel you must get on the waitlist now you can call +( 962-6 ) 4611277 or email Idea@FWDTC.com .
Teams of people from the following companies were in attendance : Zain , Ahli Bank , King Hussain Cancer Center , ETQ , IHPCO , Idea JWT , Jordan International School , Smart Minds , Petralip , UNDP , Kettaneh , Elixir Day Spa , Lebanese Conflict Resolution Network , and Dana Productions .
Here are a few photos from the workshop .
More to come in follow - up postings !
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The new Virgin VR - 01 took to the Silverstone circuit for the first time on Thursday , as the car completed its maiden run .
Virgin became the first new F1 team to unveil its contender for the 2010 season on Wednesday , before German Timo Glock completed a shakedown a day later .
" After 10 challenging months , all the commitment and determination has finally paid off , " said Nick Wirth , Virgin 's technical director .
" Today was all about those tentative first few steps but the programme really gets underway tomorrow with a full day of on - track evaluation for both Timo and Lucas [ di Grassi ] . "
Glock was also delighted after his maiden run in the new car .
" It was a fantastic moment for myself and the whole team to see the VR - 01 come alive .
It 's great to be back in a racing car , " he said .
The team continues at Silverstone today before moving to Jerez next week to join the rest of the F1 squads .
Born on February 27th at the UK's Colchester Zoo , this two week old baby aardvark does n't quite fit into its pink skin .
The little boy or girl currently resides with mom in the the secluded " rearing burrow , " which was specially constructed to provide mother and cub with privacy during the first few weeks .
For a mammal of its size , the aardvark has a tiny brain and adult aardvarks are notoriously clumsy so it 's important to keep the delicate baby aardvark away from the other lumbering adults for now .
Baryshnikov aardvarks are n't .
10th March 2010
Colchester Zoo ’s Aardvark family continues to grow with latest new baby birth !
Colchester Zoo ’s group of aardvarks are one of the most successful breeding groups in Europe and the only successful group to breed in the UK ; and they have continued to multiply with the birth of a new baby aardvark on Saturday 27th February !
The new arrival is the fourth offspring born to mum , Oq and dad ; Adela , and the fifth new baby born overall !
The new baby and mum are also the first to be moved into the new rearing burrow which has been specially built to enhance the breeding success that has been experienced with this species .
Female aardvarks naturally separate from their mates during the time of new births in the wild , and the rearing burrow will provide mum and baby with the much needed peace and privacy to bond during this important time .
The new burrow is off show to visitors to ensure maximum peace and privacy , but there is a closed circuit TV fitted in the main visitor tunnel to allow you a sneak peek into the progress of baby and mum !
Oq and baby will be able to leave the rearing burrow and move back to re-join the main group within approximately a month ’s time , when the youngster will be strong enough to sustain any knocks and bumps from the other full - grown aardvarks .
Until then , mum and baby are being kept a close eye on by the Keepers , who have been sitting in with mum and baby to ensure that the feeding and health of the new born goes well within the first few weeks .
As new born aardvarks are not particularly well - sighted and nocturnal as well as being very clumsy , the baby can be crushed accidently and so Keepers will continue to keep a close eye on the new arrival and even take the baby home at night to make sure it is safe and well looked after !
2010 -02-09 - Pierre Schmitz
KDE announced the availability of its Software Compilation 4.4 , " Caikaku " .
You will find all upstream changes and new features on their website : http://kde.org/announcements/4.4/.
As usual we provide the latest packages for Arch .
Unfortunately this update will need some user intervention due to a pacman limitation .
Therefore you have to update in two steps :
% pacman - Sy -- asdeps qt % pacman -Su
The usage of bitmap fonts like terminus will be broken when using the proprietary nvidia driver .
If you update from virtuoso 5 as nepomuk backend as it was provided in the kde - unstable or testing repository you will have to convert your database ( http://opendesktop.org/content/show.php?content=119661) or simply remove ~/.kde4/share/apps/nepomuk/repository/main/data/virtuosobackend .
The latter is of course only recommend if you had not used nepumuk 's tagging and comment features .
In case of any error , try using a new user account or ( re ) moving KDE 's configuration which can be found at ~/.kde4 /tmp/kde- /var/tmp/kdecache-.
Akonadi saves its data at ~/.config/ akonadi and ~/.local/ share /akonadi
If you have problems updating kde - meta - kdepim , run " pacman - S -- asdeps kdepim - runtime "
Be aware of the following problems that might occur :
Post by Olle P » Tue Oct 27 , 2009 2:11 am
funklizard wrote : Consider this : if 2 years really was the average lifespan for a DIMM , would lifetime warranties on these parts really be so commonplace in the industry ?
funklizard wrote :
My system has been running Fedora Linux .
I do n't know the extent of its normal capability to report this sort of thing ; but I would have expected some sort of error report if the hardware were acting goofy .
funklizard wrote : Unfortunately , in each case , my first indication of a problem was random system freezes .
( Somewhat contradicting my previous statement : ) 1 : The lifetime was shortened by the swift replacement after detected errors .
I would expect most users to not detect most of these errors in the first place , and even if detected not count the DIMM as faulty .
2 : " Lifetime " warranty makes me a bit suspicious .
It all depends on interpretation .
One way of interpreting it is to say : " So , the DIMM is dead ?
Then it 's life , and thus lifetime warranty , is over !
" Being a bit less harsh one can still argue that it 's only normal and expected behaviour from an older DIMM to cause data errors once in a while .
In the test there were very little hardware problems .
Just corrupted data in the databases , which is much worse if the data is for example the amount of money present on a bank account .
The OS can't tell if the provided input data is correct or not .
Which suggests your DIMMs were in very bad shape .
Even in the test quite a few DIMMs were replaced early on , but those that " survived " the first couple of months without problems usually lasted the entire test period .
CheersOlle
Published online 29 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.156
News
The Périgord black truffle 's flavour depends on its own enzymes rather than on where it grows .
The secret of the Périgord black truffle 's aroma is in its genes .
M. Panicali
Bon appétit !
A team of European researchers has decoded the genome of the delectable Périgord black truffle .
Within its nucleotides reside secrets to the flavour and elusive lifestyle of this fungus , offering clues that could help a truffle industry that is fraught with unpredictable yields and a counterfeit market .
" There 's a mystique around truffles .
They 're prized , rare and worth several thousand dollars per kilo , " explains David Read , a mycologist at the University of Sheffield , UK , who was not involved in the genome study , which is published online in Nature1 .
" People go out into the woods at night with dogs and pigs to locate them — there 's folklore behind it .
And while most other mushrooms can be cultivated , the truffle has remained a serious challenge , " he explains .
" This report is a fundamental piece of work , yet it still leaves sufficient mystery in the area so that truffles can retain their influence on the human psyche . "
The black truffle 's scent has been variously described as earthy , dirty , musky or sexy .
These ' black diamonds ' sell for € 1,000 - €3,500 per kilogram ( $ 1,345 – $ 4,700 ) on today 's market .
Counterfeiters have been known to profit from the high price and demand for black truffles by replacing them with their cheaper yet similar - looking cousin , the Chinese truffle .
European truffle producers who sell black truffles specific to their region have been frustrated by sellers who make bogus claims about a truffle 's origin .
To sort out the scandals , mycologist Francis Martin , at the French National Institute for Agricultural Research in Nancy , and his colleagues are compiling a database of genetic markers to verify the geographic origins of black truffle populations .
" The genome really changes everything , " says Martin .
" We now have a few thousand markers that will clearly be useful for professionals . "
Scent from within
The genome of the black truffle ( Tuber melanosporum ) includes genes encoding flavour - related sulphur metabolites and enzymes that degrade amino acids .
This reveals that its distinctive aroma and flavour is all produced in - house , and not by microbes native to the region in which the truffle grows , as many researchers had thought .
Cultivating truffles has proved difficult .
C. Murat , INRA
" When we started this work , many thought that truffles could be like cheese or wine , in that the microflora and yeast living on the truffles played a vital role in releasing volatile compounds , " Martin says .
" But we in fact demonstrated that the volatiles giving rise to the truffle 's perfume are encoded in the truffle 's genome . "
The truffle 's smell lures female pigs which , mistaking the aroma for an irresistibly scented boar , unearth the truffle and often consume it .
When they excrete it , the truffle 's spores are scattered around the forest floor .
Other scents beckon the truffle fly , which visits the fungus in search of a mate but carries off fungal spores instead , spreading them between truffles .
Truffle cultivation is notoriously difficult , in part because of its clandestine life cycle as an underground symbiont , in which the fungus trades nutrients with oak - tree roots .
Truffle shuffle
The T. melanosporum genome also reveals that the fungus reproduces sexually more often than researchers thought .
Many growers rely on asexual truffle propagation , in which two haploid cells from a single fungus — each with one copy of the genome — fuse to form the diploid fruiting body ( the truffle ) , which has two copies .
Yet Martin and his team found two different sets of mating genes in the black truffle , suggesting that two strains of T. melanosporum with opposite mating types combined through sexual reproduction .
Martin advises growers to use both mating types when inoculating oak trees , and to genetically fingerprint the truffles to be sure that they are not from the same family .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2008 , Martin and his colleagues reported the genome of Laccaria bicolor , another symbiotic fungus that is dependent on woody plants for nutrients2 .
The 125 - megabase black truffle genome is bigger than that of L. bicolor — and four times larger than that of many fungi — but it contains far fewer protein - coding genes .
Besides sharing a handful of genes with L. bicolor that encode enzymes to degrade plant cell walls , the truffle lacks most of the genes that are involved in L. bicolor 's symbiotic relationship with plants .
Mycologist David Hibbett of Clark University in Worcester , Massachusetts , says that he is amazed to learn that the two species of fungi share any genes involved in symbiosis at all .
Because the truffle lineage separated from the lineage carrying L. bicolor before woody plants were around , they probably became symbionts independently , Hibbett says .
Although the sequenced genome opens up the possibility of genetically engineering other fungi to pack the same aromatic punch as the Périgord , gourmands who delight in truffled duck , white wine truffle sauce or truffled risotto are likely to wrinkle their noses at the thought of button mushrooms that have been engineered to smell like the real thing .
" When you taste the black truffle on hot pasta , that is something you cannot forget , " says Martin .
Notepad , thoughts out loud , learning in public , misunderstandings , mistakes .
undiluted opinions .
I 'm Mike Hadlow , an itinerant developer .
I live near Brighton on the south coast of England .
All code is published under an MIT licence .
You are free to take it and use it for any purpose without attribution .
There is no warranty whatsoever .
POOL ENROLLMENT AS OF AUGUST 2007 : 28,134
IMPORTANT NOTICES :
BlueExtras SM —-
Use your Pool ID card to take advantage of discounts on health and wellness services , including vision , hearing , weight management and vitamins .
To learn more , log on to BlueAccess for Members , click on the My Coverage tab and the BlueExtras SM Discount Program .
—- Use your Pool ID card to take advantage of discounts on health and wellness services , including vision , hearing , weight management and vitamins .
To learn more , log on to , click on the tab and the Discount Program .
The next meeting of the Board of Directors will be held on Friday , October 26 , 2007 in Austin , Texas .
The Agenda will be posted here as well as on the Secretary of State ’s Texas Register Open Meetings website .
If you need information prior to the posting , please contact support@txhealthpool.org .
Updated on 09/06/2007
Please note that documents in Adobe Reader ( pdf format ) require a recent version of the free software .
Use the link below to download :
Adobe Reader
Ever since Scott Brown beat Martha Coakley , conservatives , with very few exceptions , have been convinced that health care reform is dead .
Friday 's Charles Krauthammer column offers a good example of the prevailing sentiment : " Barack Obama 's two signature initiatives -- cap - and - trade and health - care reform -- lie in ruins . "
Some of us realized all along that there was no rational reason that the Massachusetts election had to kill health care reform .
Fundamentally , the main barrier -- getting sixty votes in the Senate -- had already been crossed .
The remaining obstacles are puny .
All the Democrats needed to do was have the House pass the Senate bill .
If they insisted on changes , most of those could easily be made through reconciliation , which only requires a majority vote in the Senate .
Most conservatives paid no attention to this basic reality , though they did indulge in some gloating mockery of those of us who pointed it out .
( I 've " gone off the deep end . "
" It is all rather pathetic . " Etc. )
But the mustache - twirling bonhomie has started to give way to the realization that the legislative door to health care reform is wide open , and Democrats simply need to walk through it .
By no means is it clear that they 'll succeed .
But I 've been waiting for conservatives , filled with hubris at having swept liberalism into the dustbin of history , to wake up to the fact that health care reform is very far from dead , and start to freak out .
Friday 's New York Times report that Obama plans to propose a bill on Monday signaled the start of the freakout .
Former Bush administration aide Yuval Levin writes :
The apparent decision to push Obamacare through reconciliation gives new meaning to the term political suicide .
It will almost certainly fail , for one thing .
And it will persuade rank and file Democrats in Congress that their leaders have lost their minds , and so will badly divide the Democratic caucus and make for a very difficult year to come for them .
Brian Darling at Red State speculates that the Democrats will fire or overrule the parliamentarian in order to pass their plan through reconciliation .
Republicans actually did fire the parliamentarian in 2001 , after he complicated their plans to push tax cuts through reconciliation , but this caused virtually no outcry .
But Democrats are n't going to need to do so .
The paranoia stems in part from a failure to understand the technicalities of what 's going on here -- liberal policy wonks have been following this closely for the last month , but hardly anybody else has .
There was some discussion last year of using reconciliation to pass the entire health care bill and avoid the filibuster .
This ran into technical difficulties -- reconciliation can only be used for measures that principally effect revenues or outlays .
So instead the Democrats passed a health care bill through the Senate using regular order .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
With miles of sandy beaches and generally good weather , coastal North Carolina is n’t a place you would usually expect to find snow .
But the view from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Aqua satellite on February 14 , 2010 , shows snow extending to the Outer Banks .
The sandy islands , normally pale tan , are bright white in this image .
Harkers Island received 8.8 inches of snow , reported CNN .
The snow fell in a winter storm that moved across the southern United States from Texas to the Atlantic Coast on February 12 - 13 .
The highest resolution version of this image is provided above .
The image is available in additional resolutions from the MODIS Rapid Response System .
NASA image courtesy Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team at NASA GSFC .
Caption by Holli Riebeek .
Ron Paul Victory Shows Ideological Hardening Ahead of 2010
Created : February 22 , 2010 10:29 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) ( ZUMApress.com )
The news that Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) had won the 2010 CPAC presidential straw poll was leaked early , to soften the blow .
Before GOP pollster Tony Fabrizio had even begun to click through a Powerpoint presentation that shared the results , reporters were informed of Paul ’s easy , 31 percent victory over nine Republicans tipped as serious 2012 contenders .
Those reporters started to write stories on Paul ’s surprise win , waiting for the official announcement — and an explosion of jeering and booing in the main ballroom of the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel .
Sighing with relief , press aides for the annual conservative conference made sure that the on - site media had heard that reaction .
[ GOP1 ]
Just as relieved were mainstream GOP activists and traditional conservative thinkers who were pondering ways to make the party electable again .
“ I think Mitt Romney ’s 22 percent was impressive , ” said Rob Willington , a Massachusetts Republican strategist who ’d designed GOTV technology for now - Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) .
He was reflecting on the poll — not too significant , he said — in Murphy ’s , a bar a few blocks from the hotel , late Saturday .
Romney ’s forces , he said , had n’t lifted a finger ; Paul ’s had campaigned for the prize .
In another corner of the bar , conservative author David Frum , editor of Frum Forum ( formerly New Majority ) , brushed off the result .
“ The Paul people all voted and the others did n’t , ” said Frum .
“ I ’m hoping it ’s a matter of self - selection . ”
The importance of minimizing Paul ’s win united conservative activists like almost nothing else that came from the three - day conference .
Even Brad Dayspring — who , as a spokesman for GOP whip Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , counts on Paul for “ no ” votes — fired off two tweets dismissing the result .
But the 2,395 ballots cast were a CPAC record , up from the 1,757 cast in 2009 , when Mitt Romney scored his third conservative win .
And moments after the Paul results were booed , the crowd gave a roaring ovation to radio and Fox News host Glenn Beck , who rewarded it with a 56 - minute lecture on “ progressivism ’s ” war on American values with historical lessons — the evil of the Federal Reserve , the destructiveness of Woodrow Wilson , the folly of “ spreading democracy ” — that had featured prominently in Paul ’s speech , too .
For as little attention as it got — for the first time in anyone ’s memory , the news cycle - driving Drudge Report did not even run with the news until the next day —
Paul ’s victory in an unscientific straw poll revealed plenty about the state of conservatism .
Narrowly , it revealed that Paul ’s quixotic 2008 bid for president created a significant and growing movement of libertarian - minded teens and twentysomethings whose role in the conservative coalition will become more clear outside of CPAC .
More broadly , it provided a look at the ideological hardening going on within the conservative movement as it girds for the 2010 elections .
According to some polls , the Republican Party is on track to recover control of Congress and have a voice again in how America is governed .
At CPAC , there was far less attention on how the party would govern America than on the need to disavow its past , popular embraces of “ big government ” — and on the need to embrace a hardcore libertarian philosophy that views environmentalism and the progressive movement as fatal threats to freedom .
Photo by David Weigel
Paul ’s youthful crusade of hopeful libertarians — its size and its enthusiasm — was one of the real surprises of the conference .
Paul - inspired or affiliated groups occupied five booths in the event ’s exhibit hall ; the Campaign for Liberty ( the organization he launched after folding his 2008 presidential bid ) , Young Americans for Liberty ( the student group launched at the same time ) , Students for Liberty , the Ladies of Liberty Alliance , and the Future of Freedom Foundation .
Libertarian CPAC attendees packed room after room for lectures by the likes of Fox News commentator Andrew Napolitano and likely 2012 presidential candidate Gary Johnson , the former governor of New Mexico .
They passed out a documentary about the Paul campaign , “ For Liberty , ” and copies of “ Young American Revolution , ” a magazine for college students with contributions ranging from an essay on economics by Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) to a Wake Forest University student ’s tipsheet on how she organized a blockbuster speech by Paul on her campus .
The Paul - inspired groups were responsible for one of the pivotal moments of the three - day conference .
On Friday , Students for Liberty president Alexander McCobin used his speech in the rapid - fire “ Two - Minute Activist ” line - up to “ commend CPAC for inviting GOProud , ” a gay Republican group .
That got a rise out of Ryan Sobra , an anti-gay activist who followed McCobin and condemned the conference for inviting the group .
When he was booed , Sobra confusingly attacked Jeff Frazee — the head of Young Americans for Liberty .
But he was onto something — it was the presence of Paul fans , who had crowded into the room for his upcoming speech , that meant Sobra would get more boos than cheers .
“ I was thanking my lucky stars that the Ron Paul fans were there , ” said Jimmy LaSalva , the executive director of GOProud , in a Saturday interview with TWI .
“ The Campaign for Liberty deserves a lot of credit for setting that tone . ”
Paul ’s influence surfaced in other ways that were less helpful for CPAC ’s optics .
The far - right John Birch Society , of which Paul has been a longtime supporter , made a showy return to the mainstream conservative fold with a co-sponsorship and booth at CPAC ; because the organization helpfully offered free , spacious merchandise bags , plenty of CPAC attendees walked around sporting JBS logos .
Oath Keepers , a year - old coalition of right - wing military veterans , helped distribute copies of the Paul documentary — a favor to Paul activist Michael Moresco , who had won the organization ’s “ citizen activist of the year ” award for biking from the Statue of Liberty to Alcatraz Prison .
“ It ’s the direction I think this country ’s headed , ” said Moresco — from freedom to imprisonment .
But far from being controversial , Paul ’s critique of conservatism — that the GOP lost its way by growing government and must promise to slash and abolish as much as possible if it wins again — was a constant theme .
It was present on Saturday when Ann Coulter , a CPAC star for whom the ballroom filled up an hour before her speech began , argued that conservatives needed to abolish the IRS and the CIA .
When she ran out of jokes about John Edwards ’s sexuality and Ted Kennedy ’s drinking , she suggested that the GOP needed a no - to - everything philosophy similar to Paul’s .
She paused and mugged when that inspired a chant of “ End the Fed ” — a Paul - divined slogan .
“ I ’m curious about this movement over there for eliminating the Fed , ” said Coulter .
“ Yes , End the Fed . ”
She answered a Paul fan ’s question by admitting that “ if Ron Paul supports it and it ’s not about foreign policy , I ’m for it . ”
On the surface , rhetoric like that contradicted a much - noticed CPAC theme — praise for George W. Bush .
Grover Norquist , the president of Americans for Tax Reform , told TWI that Bush boosterism was a friendly show of support for “ our guy ” after eight years of drubbing by liberals .
And that was it .
“ For seven years he did n’t speak at CPAC , ” said Norquist .
“ The eighth year we did n’t want him and he showed up because CPAC was one of the only places he could speak to without being booed .
Here was a man who deliberately divorced himself from the movement . ”
Medicare Part D , the Department of Homeland Security , and all the rest of it had n’t been forgotten .
Outside of the conference , some critics accused activists of a kind of nihilism that would n’t be productive for Republicans .
“ CPAC has becoming increasingly more libertarian and less Republican over the last years , ” grumbled Mike Huckabee on his Fox News show , “ one of the reasons I did n’t go this year . ”
Huckabee would only allow that the Paul win reflected “ the anger and the mood ” that was fueling Tea Party protests and Democratic losses in some key elections .
In a separate straw poll question on activists ’ opinions of conservative leaders , Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) was found to be the most popular figure in Republican politics– 71 percent said they liked him .
In the Senate , DeMint has worked to block and filibuster as many Democratic initiatives as possible while proposing government - slashing , entitlement - cutting , brazen bills of the kind Paul ’s long discussed .
At CPAC , he said he ’d rather have a Senate with “ 30 Marco Rubios ” — the Florida candidate for Senate who keynoted the conference — than “ 60 Arlen Specters . ”
When TWI asked him how that made sense in the era of constant filibusters , DeMint said a crisis would lead the way to more pure policy .
“ In the short term , we ca n’t expect to get any of our ideas through , ” DeMint told TWI .
“ But at some point , we ’re going to be forced to do something .
It ’s not going to be so much a matter of political philosophy if we can’t pay our debts and we ’re facing default .
At that point I think you ’re going to see even liberals realize we do n’t have any choice .
We just need to be in a position where we have enough conservatives to come up with some functional policies to get us out of this . ”
DeMint shook his head .
“ I hope it wo n’t take a complete breakdown for us to come together . ”
Paul was n’t around to enjoy his triumph .
On Saturday morning , he returned to his east Texas district to debate three opponents in his early March Republican primary .
But before leaving on Friday night , he reflected on how and why his constant refrain for fiscal austerity and abolishing most 20th century government expansion had become Republican dogma .
“ When I went back to Congress in 1996 , Tom DeLay came out to a function in my district , ” Paul told TWI .
“ He came out of it and he said , ‘ You know what ?
Ron said that 20 years ago !
Now it ’s the same message and 20 more years . ’”
Paul turned and stopped to talk with a gushing middle - aged fan , then turned back to TWI .
“ And with more credibility on the economics ! ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Powerful groups in the United States appear to be blocking efforts to stem the flow of assault weapons fueling Mexico ’s drug war , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said in an interview broadcast on Sunday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Calderon , who has deployed tens of thousands of soldiers and police to fight drug cartels , told Fareed Zakaria ’s “ GPS ” program on CNN that there was resistance in Washington to Mexico ’s demands that sales of such weapons be stopped .
“ They ( U.S. officials ) say that they are facing strong opposition and there is powerful lobbies in the Congress in order to change that situation , ” Calderon said in a pre-taped interview in Mexico City .
The Mexican leader added that solving the cross - border gun trafficking problem was critical to his bid to crack down on the drug - related violence that has killed 4,600 people in the past two years .
Mexico says 90 percent of the weapons used by drug gangs are bought in the United States , often legally .
Mexican officials also want to see the U.S. Congress reinstate a ban on the sale of assault weapons that expired in 2004 .
U.S. gun rights groups generally oppose such a restriction .
The United States is already deeply involved in Mexico ’s struggle with drug gangs and has pledged some $ 1.4 billion over three years in a thus - far unsuccessful effort to crush cartels who ship $ 40 billion worth of illegal drugs north each year .
But concerns the violence in Mexico is escalating -- two U.S. citizens were shot to death this month in the violent Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez -- has led top U.S. officials to pledge more assistance .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton led a high - level delegation to Mexico City last week for talks , underscoring the Obama administration ’s concerns about the drug violence south of the border .
Washington has started to increase searches of southbound vehicles on its border with Mexico for guns and money heading to Mexican cartels .
( CNN ) -- China is " denying there is a problem " between its government and Tibet , the Dalai Lama says .
In his first interview since his recent controversial meeting with President Obama , the spiritual leader of Tibet told CNN's " Larry King Live " that China claims Tibetans are " very happy ... much , much , much better than previous Tibet . "
However , he noted that his Tibetan government - in - exile has received information indicating " suppression ... or restrictions " culturally and religiously of the Tibetan people .
China rejects Tibetan claims of independence or greater autonomy and claims sovereignty over the area .
Statement of Chinese Embassy in the U.S. on Dalai Lama 's visit
But the Dalai Lama , who lives in exile in India , told King that Tibetans " are not seeking independence . "
" That 's why we are called middle way , " he said .
" We complain [ about ] the presence of policy in Tibet .
It is actually very much damaging .
...
But [ on the ] other hand , we also do not want separation from China because ...
Tibet [ is a ] landlocked country , materially backward .
Every Tibetan want modernized Tibet , so for that reason , [ we ] remain within the People 's Republic of China . "
The Dalai Lama met with Obama on Thursday despite strong objections from Chinese government officials .
The meeting threatened to further complicate Sino - U.S. tensions , which have been rising in recent months .
China warned it would damage Beijing 's ties to Washington .
Beijing regards the Nobel Peace Prize laureate as a dangerous " separatist " who wishes to sever Tibet from China .
" Larry King Live "
The Dalai Lama told King he first met Obama when the future president was a young senator on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
He was a " very impressive , young politician then , " he said of Obama .
" As soon as he become president , we had some sort of contact , " he said , indicating that Obama expressed sympathy toward Tibet 's plight .
However , a meeting was postponed due to sensitive talks Obama was conducting with Chinese leaders .
" Now this time , despite some difficulties , we had that meeting and [ it was a ] very pleasant one , " he said .
The Dalai Lama said he discussed three priorities during the meeting with Obama : " the promotion of human value in order to create a better world , " the promotion of religious harmony and his desire for modern education for Tibetan children .
He called Obama very receptive to his priorities .
Asked whether he thinks often of his homeland , the Dalai Lama said he occasionally conjures up memories of his childhood in Tibet .
But after more than 50 years in India , " my body [ is ] supported by Indian rice and Indian dollar , " he said .
He sought to deflect attention away from his exile , saying " this is not our concern .
Our concern is 6 million Tibetan people 's basic rights and culture .
These are our main issues . "
As a Buddhist , the Dalai Lama spoke often during the interview about the concept of love and peace .
Asked whether he has love for the Chinese , he answered , " Certainly .
We have to practice that . "
He admitted to " some irritation " with Chinese hardliners , but insisted they are " small moments . "
Government Bond Market Just a Ponzi Scheme
Let ’s face it , the government - bond market in the West is a gigantic Ponzi scheme .
Most governments in the ‘ developed ’ world are drowning in debt , they are running mind - boggling budget deficits and printing money like there is no tomorrow .
Furthermore , under the guise of quantitative easing , their central banks are buying their own newly issued debt !
It is our contention that similar to Mr. Madoff ’s hedge fund , the sovereign debt markets in the West have now become gigantic scams .
Only this time around , the players have changed and the sums involved are significantly larger .
Figure 1 highlights the incredible expansion in America ’s national debt .
It is noteworthy that at the turn of the millennium , America ’s national debt was less than half of its current value .
Put simply , American policymakers have taken on more debt over the past decade than they have over the last one hundred years !
What is more astonishing is the fact that America is funding a large portion of its newly issued debt by direct purchases from the Federal Reserve .
In other words , as private - sector demand for US Treasuries wanes , Mr. Bernanke is creating new money so that Mr. Obama ’s government can bail out insolvent financial institutions .
Strangely , the American establishment is quite content to pledge the economic fate of its future generations in order to protect the bondholders of dubious ‘ too big to fail ’ corporations .
Hmm , talk about change …
Apart from the world ’s largest economy , various other nations in the ‘ developed ’ world are also following such misguided policies .
For instance , UK ’s national debt is exploding and is forecast to reach GBP1.1 trillion by 2011 .
At present , its national debt is worth GBP891 billion and this equates to GBP14,304 for every man , woman and child in the United Kingdom !
Elsewhere in Europe , the situation is equally dire in nations such as Ireland , Spain , Greece and Italy .
Furthermore , various countries in Eastern Europe are on the verge of economic doom .
Given the precarious state of so many economies in the West , we are amazed that the respective government bond markets have not fallen apart at the seams .
Perhaps , they are all heading down Japan ’s route , where national debt is now above 170 % of GDP , yet the yield on Japanese government debt is pathetic .
But then again , perhaps they are not …
In our view , in the not too distant future , the interest payments on the outstanding national debts in the overstretched ‘ developed ’ nations will become so large that their central banks will need to create money just to keep the Ponzi schemes going .
When that happens , the game will be up and we will probably experience a total breakdown of the fiat - money experiment .
At this stage , we do not know when the day of reckoning will arrive but we do know that all Ponzi schemes ultimately collapse under their own weight and this one will be no different .
Given the shocking debt overhang in the West and the threat of surging inflation later this decade , we cannot understand why anybody would want to lend money to bankrupt governments !?
In the worst case scenario , these naïve bondholders risk losing their entire capital and the best outcome involves a significant loss of purchasing power due to inflation .
Accordingly , we are not investing in sovereign debt and we suggest that you refrain from lending money to dubious governments .
Finally , although we are pessimistic about the long - term prospects of government debt , we are aware of the possibility of a near - term rally ; especially if there is another round of risk aversion in the financial markets .
So , if we do get another deflationary scare and bond prices rally , holders of government debt are best advised to liquidate their positions .
Furthermore , if our world - view is correct , extremely high inflation is now inevitable .
As long as the monetary velocity in the US is weak , inflationary expectations will remain subdued , but once the economic activity picks up , the world will experience spiraling inflation .
When that occurs , hard assets will protect the purchasing power of your savings .
Accordingly , we have allocated a large portion of our clients ’ capital to energy ( upstream companies , oil services plays and alternative energy plays ) , precious metals miners and diversified base metals miners .
At the time of writing , precious metals are at a critical juncture and the price of gold is trading above an important support level .
Figure 2 shows that the price of gold peaked at US $ 1,075 in October 2009 and that level is now acting as important support .
Now , if the bull - market ’s trend consistency is intact , then the price of gold must rally immediately and challenge its December high .
At the very least , the price of gold must hold above US $ 1,075 per ounce .
So , will gold manage to stay above this critical support level ?
Before we attempt to answer this question , we must confess that short - term forecasting is extremely difficult and we really do not know what will happen over the following days .
However , what we do know is that the macro-economic environment has never been better for the yellow metal .
After all , mined supply is in decline , investment demand is rising , the public sector has become a net buyer of gold and hatred towards paper currencies is on the rise .
Under these circumstances , we expect gold to perform very well .
However , you must remember that the American currency is in rally mode and this is exerting downward pressure on all metals .
Now , if we were forced to take a stand at gunpoint , we would say that the odds of a rally in gold are 65/35 .
Accordingly , we are holding on to our positions in precious metals mining stocks and may consider lightening up during spring ( which is when precious metals usually make an intermediate - term peak ) .
Now , if gold does the unexpected and breaks below US $ 1,075 per ounce , then we envisage a deeper correction to the US $ 1,000 per ounce level .
Even if that happens , we will continue to hold on to our positions in gold mining companies , which have already depreciated in the ongoing stock - market correction .
Short - term setbacks notwithstanding , we continue to believe that hard assets are in a secular bull - market , which will probably end in a gigantic mania .
According to our guesstimate , the bull - market will end in the latter half of this decade ; at a time , when inflationary expectations are spiraling out of control .
Make no mistake , the policy actions of the past 18 months are extremely inflationary and once the American economy stabilises , we will experience a significant increase in the general price level .
And before this is all over , government bonds will ( once again ) be recognised as ‘ certificates of confiscation ’ .
Regards ,
Puru Saxena
for The Daily Reckoning
Researchers have discovered a nearly complete fossil of a dinosaur which appears to have been caught in a collapsing sand dune .
The Seitaad ruessi fossil , described in the journal PLoS One , is a relative of the long - necked sauropods that were once Earth 's biggest animals .
S. ruessi , found in what is now Utah , could have walked on all four legs , or risen up to walk on just two .
It is from the Early Jurassic period , between 175 and 200 million years ago .
At that time , all of Earth 's continents were still joined in the super - continent Pangaea , and sauropodomorphs like S. ruessi have been found in South America and Africa .
Unlike the sauropods to which they are related , S. ruessi was relatively small , about a metre tall and 3.5 - 4 m long with its lengthy neck and tail , weighing in at between 70 and 90kg .
Plant life Much of the fossil , first discovered by a local artist in 2004 , was perfectly preserved in sandstone .
However , it is missing its head , neck and tail .
Joseph Sertich of the University of Utah and Mark Loewen from the Utah Museum of Natural History have since then worked to free S. ruessi from its sandy grave - in an arid part of the US that , 185 million years ago , formed part of a huge desert .
" Although Seitaad was preserved in a sand dune , this ancient desert must have included wetter areas with enough plants to support these smaller dinosaurs and other animals , " said Mr Sertich .
" Just like in deserts today , life would have been difficult in Utah 's ancient ' sand sea . ' "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the long and tortured debate over drug policy , one of the strangest episodes has been playing out this fall in the United Kingdom , where the country ’s top drug adviser was recently fired for publicly criticizing his own government ’s drug laws .
The adviser , Dr. David Nutt , said in a lecture that alcohol is more hazardous than many outlawed substances , and that the United Kingdom might be making a mistake in throwing marijuana smokers in jail .
His comments were published in a press release in October , and the next day he was dismissed .
The buzz over his sacking has yet to subside :
Nutt has become the talk of pubs and Parliament , as well as the subject of tabloid headlines like : “ Drug advisor on wacky baccy ? ”
But behind Nutt ’s words lay something perhaps more surprising , and harder to grapple with .
His comments were n’t the idle musings of a reality - insulated professor in a policy job .
They were based on a list - a scientifically compiled ranking of drugs , assembled by specialists in chemistry , health , and enforcement , published in a prestigious medical journal two years earlier .
The list , printed as a chart with the unassuming title “ Mean Harm Scores for 20 Substances , ” ranked a set of common drugs , both legal and illegal , in order of their harmfulness - how addictive they were , how physically damaging , and how much they threatened society .
Many drug specialists now consider it one of the most objective sources available on the actual harmfulness of different substances .
That ranking showed , with numbers , what Nutt was fired for saying out loud :
Overall , alcohol is far worse than many illegal drugs .
So is tobacco .
Smoking pot is less harmful than drinking , and LSD is less damaging yet .
Nutt says he did n’t see himself as promoting drug use or trying to subvert the government .
He was pressing the point that a government policy , especially a health - related one like a drug law , should be grounded in factual information .
In doing so , he found himself caught in a crossfire that cost him the advisory post he had held for a decade .
The same issue is becoming a hot one in America - this fall the Obama administration took a baby step toward easing federal scrutiny of medical marijuana use , and a policy report due early next year is expected to emphasize addiction prevention and treatment over criminal enforcement .
Opponents are already attacking the administration for its laxity , but Thomas McLellan , a newly installed White House drug official , has begun loudly pushing for policy that incorporates more science .
“ We must increase the use of evidence - based tools at our disposal , ” McLellan said in an interview last week .
He told the Portsmouth News : '' They made me get out at Fareham and when I asked what was wrong they told me to show them the piece of paper I 'd been writing on .
by | |
Holy crap .
If you watch this video on YouTube it is very clear that a group of Belgian peace activists not only got inside the wire at Kleine - Brogel Airbase — where some US nuclear weapons may be stored — but they also got into the area where the hardened shelters are located ( within the shelters are aircraft and WS3 storage vaults with US B61 nuclear gravity bombs . )
Between the Youtube video , a pair of stories on the Der Standard and Neusblad websites , their Facebook page and website , and Google Earth , it is pretty easy to recreate their path .
( Hans K came to the same conclusion . )
Here are some images , with annotations linked to the time stamps in the video .
It looks like the activists approached Kleine - Brogel from the farms to the south of the airbase .
Indeed , another group hopped the fence in November 2009 .
Apparently , they planned to go out on the runway and get arrested just like the previous group in November 2009 .
But , according to the group ’s website “ to their surprise , they were able to walk for over an hour on the runway . ”
( One of the press reports suggests it was forty minutes . )
The base is surrounded by signs indicating that the area is patrolled by guard dogs , but Milou was nowhere to be found .
Eventually , they noticed an open gate to the area where US nuclear weapons are believed to be stored .
Belgian peace groups had previously identified the area based on a map handed out an airshow .
( As you can see from their website , they had very good maps . )
It looks like this was a side gate — apparently it had been left open to keep from freezing shut — so the activists were able to enter the secure area and approach one of the hardened aircraft shelters from the rear .
If you could get inside , it would look something like this .
Well , I suspect the vault ( with the bomb ) would be in the floor .
The activists defaced the shelter with stickers and then emerged onto the concrete plaza in the center of the area .
They then walked the length of the plaza — having traversed both the width of the base , and now the width of the secure area for nuclear weapons — when security force finally showed up .
The “ security force ” appears to comprise one moderately annoyed - looking Belgian guy with a rifle .
( Which RAJ47 observes is unloaded . )
The effect would only be more comedic if he had some powdered sugar on his face and maybe a little bit of waffle stuck to his uniform .
How The [ REDACTED ] Did This Happen ?
The reality is that significant shortcomings exists in the security of European airbases where US nuclear weapons are stored .
That was made absolutely clear to me on my visit to SHAPE — and it was reported in the 2008 Air Force Blue Ribbon Review .
Host - nations are supposed to provide security but they often cut corners .
This is basically confirmed by the Belgian commander of the base , who explained that he just does n’t have enough security forces :
Onze luchtmachtbasis is in totaliteit 450 hectare groot .
Een derde is bosgebied waarin ik me drie weken kan bevinden zonder te worden gezien .
Vandaar dat we onze bewaking , gelet op onze getalsterkte , concentreren op enkele gevoelige zones .
That works out to , more or less , “ Our airbase is 450 hectares in size .
A third is wooded areas in which I could stay perfectly well for three weeks without being seen .
That is why we concentrate our surveillance on a few sensitive zones where there are aircraft and equipment . ”
( The translation is by the Open Source Center . )
Mort Halperin tells a funny story about when , in the late 1990s , then - German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer called on NATO to adopt a policy of no - first use , widely seen at the time as the beginning of a discussion about withdrawal of nuclear weapons from Germany .
Mort , then serving in the Clinton Administration , told a colleague that the German government had opened the door to the removal of US forward - deployed nuclear weapons .
His colleague retorted : “ You are not talking to the real German government . ”
What Mort ’s colleague meant was that there is — and has been for many years — a gap between Europe ’s public , represented by elected leaders , and the so - called “ real ” governments — the national security bureaucracies in NATO and the European allies .
So while NATO and European defense ministries make the case privately that forward - based nuclear weapons are politically and militarily essential to NATO , European political leaders have declined to make that case to their constituents for the money to modernize either aircraft or to keep up security .
What Should We Do ?
As excuses go “ It ’s a big , wooded base and I do n’t have that many troops ” does n’t cut it .
In fact , when we are talking about nuclear weapons , it frankly sucks .
When it comes to securing nuclear weapons , the United States Air Force has standards for both denial and recapture .
If the Belgians and other NATO members wo n’t provide the forces and equipment necessary to meet both standards , then it is time to put the weapons on a US airbase .
The most direct route to securing US nuclear weapons in Europe is to immediately — like yesterday — consolidate all remaining forward deployed nuclear weapons to just one or two US airbases in Europe .
Take your pick from Aviano , Incirlik , Lakenheath and Ramstein .
This would immediately improve the overall security of the weapons , while starting a dialogue about whether forward - deployed weapons are really essential to maintaining NATO ’s nuclear character twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall .
This is a point that several of us made in a letter to the President
The actual removal of such weapons should await formal consultations within NATO and may , in part , depend on arms control negotiations with Russia .
But a useful first step would be the immediate consolidation of remaining forward - deployed nuclear weapons to one or two U.S. airbases in Europe .
The classic argument for leaving US nuclear weapons on European bases has always been burden - sharing — there is a value to forcing European governments to make the public case for spending money on NATO ’s nuclear mission .
Of course , that assumes that the governments actually make the necessary investments , rather than skimping on security .
Given the appalling state of security at Kleine Brogel , that argument seems unpersuasive today .
Update | 6:40 pm K - Reif reminds me that I outlined precisely this scenario at the Carnegie Endowment :
[ T ]he dominant character … of those weapons in Europe is that we do n’t talk about them .
I think NATO countries have been incredibly reluctant to make the public case about why they need U.S. nuclear weapons on their soil .
And as a result … you see a corresponding lack of funding for security at the sites at which the European allies provide security … [ snip ] …
I worry very much about a singularity , an event .
It could be a security event .
Our friends from Peace Action Belgium , could get in the wire with a cell phone and take a picture of a [ hardened shelter ] . [ snip ]
I do worry that something could happen that will deny NATO its preferred option of not talking about this , and then force the participants into a very ugly public debate in which the result would be the rapid , disorganized , uncoordinated withdrawal of the weapons amidst recriminations .
And to me that would be much worse than beginning the dialogue about what the optimal posture is and whether that includes weapons .
[ Emphasis mine ]
It ’s a little weird that I called Peace Action Belgium — that is sheer coincidence .
Update | 8:34 , 5 February 2010 I somehow missed that Stephen Schwartz and Noah Shachtman were first — so many social media and blog pages , so little time !
WASHINGTON ( IPS ) —
Nearly two of every three male juveniles arrested in Afghanistan are physically abused , according to a study based on interviews with 40 percent of all those now incarcerated in the country ’s juvenile justice system .
The study , carried out by US defense attorney Kimberly Motley for the international children ’s rights organization Terre des Hommes , reveals a justice system that subjects juveniles , many of whom are already innocent victims , to torture , forced confessions and blatant violation of their rights in court .
ADVERTISEMENT
Motley , who may be the only practicing Western defense attorney in Afghanistan , told IPS that the study shows the need for alternatives to introducing juveniles into what she calls the “ injustice system ” .
The author personally interviewed 250 of the 600 juveniles in jails and rehabilitation centers across the country , including half the 80 girls and 40 percent of the 520 boys , as well as 98 professionals working in the system .
Although only two of the girls interviewed reported being beaten by police , 130 out of the 208 boys under the age of 18 interviewed said they had been beaten .
The interviews were carried out by Motley in 28 provinces from September through December 2009 .
Those statistics parallel the findings of a study published by the U.N. Children ’s Fund and the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission in 2008 , which found that 55 percent of boys and 11 percent of girls reported having been beaten upon their arrest .
Virtually all the male juveniles said the police beatings were aimed at forcing them to sign a confession .
They said they had signed either while being beaten or threatened with being beaten , and that the confessions were then used to convict them .
ADVERTISEMENT
The testimony of the juveniles themselves on brutalization by police was consistent with Motley ’s interviews with juvenile court judges .
Forty - four percent of the judges interviewed indicated that juveniles complained routinely about torture and physical abuse by police officers .
Another 33 percent refused to answer when asked whether they had heard such complaints .
Many of the boys interviewed by Motley reported that they been beaten by several police simultaneously .
In one case , a 17 - year - old said he was “ kicked liked an animal ” by six or seven policemen after his arrest .
One juvenile charged with putting up signs around the city threatening terrorist acts told Motley that he signed a confession only after having been subjected to electric shock and hung from the ceiling by the National Security Police .
The torture continued for more than two months , according to the boy .
ADVERTISEMENT
The prosecutor in the case admitted to Motley that she had not only been aware of the accusations of torture but had seen marks on the boy ’s body indicating that the confessions had indeed been obtained under torture .
The prosecutor further acknowledged that no witnesses or other evidence had been presented in support of the charges against the boy .
ADVERTISEMENT
The judge in the case told Motley that when asked in court why the case had not been dismissed as required by Afghan law , the prosecutors admitted that it was because they were afraid of the National Security Police and felt they had no choice .
In addition to the male juveniles who had signed coerced confessions by their thumbprint , 24 percent of all the male and female juveniles interviewed told Motley they had signed confessions prepared by police without realizing it until they had gone to court .
In some cases , they were tricked into signing a blank sheet of paper which was then used for the confession .
Almost half the children brought before a court in Afghanistan are also denied the right to speak in their defense , according to Motley ’s study .
Forty - seven percent of those interviewed , including 62 percent of those in the western region , were not allowed to testify on their own behalf .
ADVERTISEMENT
One of the male juveniles denied the right to testify in court was a boy charged with pederasty , or sexual relations between an adult male and a child .
As is often the case , he was the victim of rape , after having been kidnapped by three adults , all of whom were released and never charged .
When the boy tried to explain in court that he was raped , however , he was told by the judge not to speak or even look at her , Motley recounts .
The attorney for the child “ barely spoke out for him , ” and he was sentenced to five years in jail .
Motley also found , however , that 71 percent of the judges surveyed expressed the view that , if a juvenile remains silent in court when asked questions by a judge , they must be guilty .
Mohammad Ibrahim Hassan , a human rights activist in Afghanistan for two decades , told IPS the bias against presumption of innocence is deeply imbedded in Afghan culture .
“ A majority of the people in Afghanistan are against the presumption of innocence , ” he said in a recent interview in Kabul .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the Afghan justice system , he observed , “ When they arrest somebody , they think you have to expect the worst punishment . ”
A recent visit to the Kabul juvenile rehabilitation center , on which this reporter was accompanied by Motley , further confirmed the prevalence of brutalization of juvenile males by police .
In one the center ’s male dormitory rooms , which was chosen at random , the 10 juveniles present were asked through an interpreter how many had been beaten by police after their arrest .
Half of the boys raised their hands .
One recalled having been subjected to electric shock in order to get him to sign a confession .
“ They put the cables on my toes and fingers , ” he said , “ and they turned on the electricity many times for a few seconds . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He agreed to sign , and the police handed him a piece of paper on which to put his thumbprint .
Describing his treatment at the hands of the police , another boy said , “ They would ask us , ‘ have you committed this crime ? ’ , and if we said no , they would beat us . ”
* Gareth Porter is an investigative historian and journalist specializing in US national security policy .
The paperback edition of his latest book , “ Perils of Dominance : Imbalance of Power and the Road to War in Vietnam ” , was published in 2006 .
This article originally appeared at IPS News .
DETROIT | Detroit , the very symbol of American industrial might for most of the 20th century , is drawing up a radical renewal plan that calls for turning large swaths of this now - blighted , rusted - out city back into the fields and farmland that existed before the automobile .
Operating on a scale never before attempted in this country , the city would demolish houses in some of the most desolate sections of Detroit and move residents into stronger neighborhoods .
Roughly a quarter of the 139 - square - mile city could go from urban to semi-rural .
Near downtown , fruit trees and vegetable farms would replace neighborhoods that are an eerie landscape of empty buildings and vacant lots .
Suburban commuters heading into the city center might pass through what looks like the countryside to get there .
Surviving neighborhoods in the birthplace of the auto industry would become pockets in expanses of green .
Detroit officials first raised the idea in the 1990s , when blight was spreading .
Now , with the recession plunging the city deeper into ruin , a decision on how to move forward is approaching .
Mayor Dave Bing , who took office last year , is expected to unveil some details in his state - of - the - city address this month .
“ Things that were unthinkable are now becoming thinkable , ” said James W. Hughes , dean of the School of Planning and Public Policy at Rutgers University , who is among the urban experts watching the experiment with interest .
“ There is now a realization that past glories are never going to be recaptured .
Some people probably do n’t accept that , but that is the reality . ”
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Obama hits the road to pitch health bill
• Despite fears , big powers resist trade wars
• Activists tell Obama to protect illegals
• PRUDEN : Good old Joe ’s Israeli adventure
The meaning of what is afoot is now settling in across the city .
“ People are afraid , ” said Deborah L. Younger , executive director of a group called Detroit Local Initiatives Support Corporation that is working to revitalize five areas of the city .
“ When you read that neighborhoods may no longer exist , that sends fear . ”
Though the will to downsize has arrived , the way to do it is not clear and fraught with problems .
Politically explosive decisions must be made about which neighborhoods should be bulldozed and which improved .
Hundreds of millions of federal dollars will be needed to buy land , raze buildings and relocate residents , since this financially desperate city does not have the means to do it on its own .
It is n’t known how many people in the mostly black , blue - collar city might be uprooted , but it could be thousands .
Some wo n’t go willingly .
“ I like the way things are right here , ” said David Hardin , 60 , whose bungalow is one of three occupied homes on a block with dozens of empty lots near what is commonly known as City Airport .
He has lived there since 1976 , when every home on the street was occupied , and said he enjoys the peace and quiet .
For much of the 20th century , Detroit was an industrial powerhouse , the city that put the nation on wheels .
Factory workers lived in neighborhoods of simple single - and two - story homes and walked to work .
But then the plants began to close one by one .
The riots of 1967 accelerated an exodus of whites to the suburbs , and many middle - class blacks followed .
Now , a city of nearly 2 million in the 1950s has declined to less than half that number .
On some blocks , only one or two occupied houses remain , surrounded by trash - strewn lots and vacant , burned - out homes .
Scavengers have stripped anything of value from empty buildings .
According to one recent estimate , Detroit has 33,500 empty houses and 91,000 vacant residential lots .
Several other declining industrial cities , such as Youngstown , Ohio , have also accepted downsizing .
Since 2005 , Youngstown has been tearing down a few hundred houses a year .
But Detroit ’s plans dwarf that effort .
The approximately 40 square miles of vacant property in Detroit is larger than the entire city of Youngstown .
Faced with a $ 300 million budget deficit and a dwindling tax base , Mr. Bing says the city can’t continue to pay for police patrols , fire protection and other services for all areas .
The current plan would demolish about 10,000 houses and empty buildings in three years and pump new investment into stronger neighborhoods .
In the neighborhoods that would be cleared , the city would offer to relocate residents or buy them out .
The city could use tax foreclosure to claim abandoned property and invoke eminent domain for those who refuse to leave , much as cities now do for freeway projects .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Windows :
If you 've got more than one monitor , you 've probably tried fullscreening a Flash video on one monitor while working in another .
The problem : Flash exits fullscreen as soon as you click on something .
FlashHacker fixes this problem .
Advertisement
A few months ago we highlighted a somewhat complicated method of tweaking Flash to fix this problem , but it has n't been updated for a while and does n't work with Flash 10 ( the latest version of Flash ) .
FlashHacker , on the other hand , should work like a charm on all versions of Flash .
Just fire it up and click the big Hack My Flash ! button .
( Blogger Mike Pegg reports that he had to first click unhack and then hack , so if it 's not working the first time , you may want to try that . )
Advertisement
FlashHacker is a free download for Windows only .
Any Mac or Linux users figure out how to address this issue ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Thanks badgerz !
FlashHacker [ jmaxxz via Mike Pegg's Blog ]
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 22
Millennium Annular Solar Eclipse
Credit & Copyright : Mikael Svalgaard
Explanation : The Moon 's shadow raced across planet Earth on January 15 .
Observers within the central shadow track were able to witness an annular solar eclipse as the Moon 's apparent size was too small to completely cover the Sun .
A visually dramatic ring of fire , the annular phase lasted up to 11 minutes and 8 seconds depending on location , the longest annular solar eclipse for the next 1,000 years .
This picture of the Moon 's silhouette just before mid-eclipse was taken within the eclipse path from the city of Kanyakumari at the southern tip of India .
The telescopic image was made through a filter that blocks most visible light , but still transmits light from hydrogen atoms .
As a result , detailed mottling , or granulation , caused by heat convection in the Sun 's atmosphere can be seen around the dark lunar disk .
! Viva Hate !;1986766590 said :
Maybe Geezer can give us advice seeing as she is an upstanding citizen in her community , trusted confidant to her friends , is extremely intelligent and properly educated , & just generally has her shit together in ways we could never hope to ?
Fe16N2 .
Image credit : Kikkawa Laboratory
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A group of scientists from the University of Minnesota say that Fe 16 N 2 crystals are more magnetic than the most magnetic material previously known , and its magnetism exceeds the predicted limit of magnetism for a material .
Magnetism arises with the spinning electrons in a material , and with every electron acting as a tiny magnet with its magnetic field aligned with the axis of spin .
In most atoms electrons may spin either ‘ up ’ or ‘ down ’ , but when most of them spin in the same direction , the material becomes magnetic .
In iron , for example , there are four more spinning in one direction than in the other .
In a more complex material , the theory is that there are river - like bands of electron clouds formed as those of the individual atoms merge together .
Each band contains electrons spinning in only one direction , and the material ’s magnetism is determined by the difference between the numbers of each type of band .
Using the theory , scientists have predicted that iron - cobalt should be the most magnetic material .
A group of materials physicists from Twin Cities , Minnesota , led by Jian - Ping Wang have found a material comprising 16 iron atoms and two of nitrogen is approximately 18 % more magnetic than the predicted limit .
The findings of x-ray analysis of the compound showed that six iron atoms are clustered around each nitrogen , with two more located between the two clusters .
The researchers said electrons flowing between the clusters act like they do in ordinary iron , but within the clusters , the electrons tend to be localized , and this increases the magnetism .
Wang said it was suggested in 1972 that Fe 16 N 2 was extremely magnetic , and this was backed up by Hitachi researchers in the 1990s , but these findings were not confirmed by later researchers .
Fe 16 N 2 is metastable and tends to form other crystal structures , complicating estimations of the volume of the material that is actually Fe 16 N 2 .
Unlike previous studies , the present research used x-ray magnetic circular dichroism to measure the magnetization .
This technique directly detects the localized electrons , and is thus less sensitive to volume effects than the earlier methods .
Wang and the team have also produced simulations showing how the localized electrons emerge , which Wang says “ make the whole scenario hang together ” .
If the magnets can be manufactured commercially they could allow computer manufacturers to use smaller write heads that could hold more information .
The findings were reported at the American Physical Society ’s meeting this month .
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
UPDATES ‘ Avatar ’ Crossed $ 800M Worldwide Thursday
SUNDAY AM UPDATE : Official numbers show Avatar ‘s projected North American cume , after only 17 days in release from 20th Century Fox , will be $ 352.1 million .
And with an international cume of $ 670.2 million , its worldwide box office figure should be $ 1.02 billion coming out of this weekend .
Yikes !
Then again , James Cameron ’s big budget technopic was helped by higher 3D ticket prices .
It had an amazing 3rd weekend hold of 10 % , reflecting word of mouth .
And the film already is the second highest grossing film released in 2009 .
Hollywood.com says the IMAX showings were off the chart with a global cume of $ 66.4 million — the highest ever for an initial IMAX release .
As a Fox exec just gushed to me : “ Mr. Cameron was king of the world but now has dominion over the universe .
And he will own the top two slots on the worldwide all - time box office list ! ”
Meanwhile , Warner Bros’ Sherlock Holmes will have a domestic cume of $ 140.6 M in 10 days , while Fox ’s Alvin And The Chipmunks : The Squeakquel should see $ 157.3 M after 12 days in theaters .
Here ’s the Top 10 :
1. AVATAR ( Fox ) [ 3,461 runs ]
Week 3 – Cume $ 352.1 M
Friday $ 25 M , Saturday $ 25.8 M , Weekend $ 68.3 M
2. SHERLOCK HOLMES ( Warner Bros ) [ 3,626 ]
Week 2 – Cume $ 140.6 M
Friday $ 14.8 M , Saturday $ 14.4 M , Weekend $ 38.3 M
3. ALVIN SQUEAKQUEL ( Fox ) [ 3,747 ]
Week 2 – Cume $ 157.3 M
Friday $ 13 M , Saturday $ 14.3 M , Weekend $ 36.6M
4. IT ’S COMPLICATED ( Universal ) [ 2,897 ]
Week 1 – Cume $ 59.1M
Friday $ 7.1 M , Saturday $ 7.6 M , Weekend $ 18.7 M
5. THE BLIND SIDE ( Warner Bros ) [ 2,926 ]
Week 7 – Cume $ 209 M
Friday $ 4.5 M , Saturday $ 4.9 M , Weekend $ 12.6M
6. UP IN THE AIR ( Paramount ) [ 1,895 ]
Week 5 – Cume $ 45 M
Friday $ 4M , Saturday $ 4.4 M , Weekend $ 11.3M
7. PRINCESS & THE FROG ( Disney ) [ 3,328 ]
Week 6 – Cume $ 86 M
Friday $ 3.7 M , Saturday $ 4M , Weekend $ 10 M
8. MORGANS ? ( Sony ) [ 2,718 ]
Week 3 – Cume $ 25.6 M
Friday $ 1.9 M , Saturday $ 2M , Weekend $ 5.2M
9. NINE ( The Weinstein Co ) [ 1,412 ]
Week 3 – Cume $ 14 M
Friday $ 1.45 M , Saturday $ 1.5 M , Weekend $ 4.2M
10 . INVICTUS ( Warner Bros ) [ 2,160 ]
Week 4 – Cume $ 30.7 M
Friday $ 1.47 M , Saturday $ 1.6 M , Weekend $ 4.1M
—
Limited Runs
3 IDIOTS ( Big Picture ) [ 119 ]
Week 2 – Cume $ 4.8 M
Friday $ 633 K , Saturday $ 550 K , Weekend $ 1.5M
BROTHERS ( Relativity / Lionsgate ) [ 858 ]
Week 5 – Cume $ 27.5 M
Friday $ 480 K , Saturday $ 500 K , Weekend $ 1.2M
THE YOUNG VICTORIA ( Apparition ) [ 165 ]
Week 3 – Cume $ 2.5 M
Friday $ 315 K , Saturday $ 360 K , Weekend $ 935K
PRECIOUS ( Lionsgate ) [ 629 ]
Week 9 – Cume $ 43.5 M
Friday $ 340 K , Saturday $ 380 K , Weekend $ 950 K
THE ROAD ( Weinstein Co ) [ 306 ]
Week 6 – Cume $ 6.7 M
Friday $ 211 K , Saturday $ 205 K , Weekend $ 560 K
A SINGLE MAN ( Weinstein Co ) [ 46 ]
Week 4 – Cume $ 1.7M
Friday $ 177 K , Saturday $ 189 K , Weekend $ 508K
IMAGINARIUM OF DR PARNASSUS ( Sony Classics ) [ 48 ]
Wk 2 – Cume $ 1M
Friday $ 144 K , Saturday $ 132 K , Weekend $ 372 K
BROKEN EMBRACES ( Sony Classics ) [ 71 ]
Week 7 – Cume $ 1.9 M
Friday $ 149 K , Saturday $ 163 K , Weekend $ 435 K
CRAZY HEART ( Fox Searchlight ) [ 12 ]
Week 3 – Cume $ 716 K
Friday $ 83 K , Saturday $ 88 K , Weekend $ 235 K
THE LOVELY BONES ( Paramount ) [ 3 ]
Week 4 – Cume $ 383 K
Friday $ 27 K , Saturday $ 24 K , Weekend $ 65 K
THE WHITE RIBBON ( Sony Classics ) [ 3 ]
NEW – Cume $ 86 K
Friday $ 22 K , Saturday $ 21 K , Weekend $ 60 K
THE LOSS OF A TEARDROP DIAMOND ( Paladin ) [ 6 ] NEW – Cume $ 30 K
Friday $ 6 K , Saturday $ 9 K , Weekend $ 23 K
Okay , I ’ll admit it : I spend a decent chunk of my time gawking at the heinous outfits documented on Go Fug Yourself , a site where two hilarious writers analyze the wacky get - ups worn by the rich and supposedly stylish .
There ’s something so satisfying about seeing how even gorgeous celebrities , who are endowed with personal stylists , makeup artists , and assistants upon assistants , can somehow leave their mansions thinking that things like this ( or this !
And do n’t forget this ! ) actually look good .
But even though the Fug Girls can get a little vicious from time to time — any celeb wearing leggings instead of pants better be prepared to get seriously ripped apart by these ladies — I really admire the fact that their site generally only critiques the crazy things stars wear to high - profile events , like movie premieres and awards shows .
Even these bitchy bloggers try to stay away from criticizing boldface names for throwing on ratty jeans and sweatshirts while they ’re walking their dogs , or pumping gas , or doing any of the other menial chores that gossip rags love to say make stars seem Just Like Us .
That ’s because everyone knows that sometimes , it ’s nice to forget fashion and wear whatever ’s comfortable — especially if you ’re just out running errands .
Well , everyone but Suze Yalof Schwartz of Glamour Magazine .
In January , Schwartz took a trip to a Whole Foods store in search of women whose choice of garb left something to be desired .
Her quest to take unsuspecting shoppers from “ eek to chic ” was documented for a Glamour Don’ts to Dos segment on the Today Show .
After checking out some produce , the video shows Schwartz ragging on a girl whose skirt is longer than her jacket .
( Guess her victim must not have been a big Cake fan . )
Then she praises another girl for dressing in “ Whole Foods chic , ” whatever that means .
After saying snarky things about a few more shoppers , she finally zeroes in on Claire , a college student who says , “ I do n’t have a style .
I wear lots of , like , sweatshirts and zip - up hoodies . ”
Good for you , Claire !
I know plenty of college students who dress like this most of the time , and they seem to lead perfectly happy , normal lives despite their style deficiencies .
But to Schwartz , fashion suicide is the worst crime of all .
As she explains to Claire , “ You do n’t want to get caught out looking like that . ”
They go shopping , and at the end of the segment , Claire debuts her new look .
Yes , she does look pretty cute in her post - makeover outfit — I ’m a sucker for stripes .
Even so , I have issues with the message of this video .
Schwartz disses Claire for looking “ more like she was headed to pick vegetables than buy them . ”
But honestly , why is that such a BFD in the first place ?
When a girl ’s out grocery shopping , she ’s probably thinking about whether she should splurge on organic apples or how much Psych reading she has to do that afternoon — not whether her ensemble is sufficiently stylish .
Telling women that they have to be hyper - aware of how they look at all times , even when they ’re doing nothing more than running out to buy a quart of milk , reinforces the old stereotype that if you ’re female , appearance always has to be your number one priority .
What ’s next , telling girls that they should spend half an hour on their hair and makeup even when they ’re just hanging out at home ?
Oh wait …
And then there ’s the mean - spirited tone of this video , which also irks me .
Making fun of the ugly thousand - dollar dresses that public figures wear to gala events is one thing .
Bitching that some girl you do n’t even know should feel ashamed for wearing legwarmers is quite another .
This video is tacitly telling girls that it ’s okay to be mean , as long as it ’s in the name of Fashion .
But what ’s the point of judging people because of what they wear , especially at the freaking grocery store ?
That ’s just petty .
I ’m sorry , Glamour , but as far as I ’m concerned Schwartz ’s conduct is a definite Don’t .
– FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE –
Harper Government obstructs visit of Respected Palestinian Leader
Montreal , March 19 , 2010 – The Harper government has obstructed the issuance of a visa to Dr. Mustafa Barghouti , resulting in the cancellation of Dr. Barghouti ’s upcoming speaking tour in Toronto , Montreal and Ottawa .
Dr. Barghouti applied for a visa on March 5th , for entry into Canada on March 19th , yet despite the urgency of the issue being brought directly to high - level officials in Foreign Affairs and Citizenship and Immigration , the government delayed the issuance of a visa to the point where Barghouti missed two key flights , resulting in a cancellation of Barghouti ’s visit .
In addition to being a member of the Palestinian Legislative Council , and a former presidential candidate , Dr. Barghouti is a recent Nobel Peace Prize nominee .
In the past , Dr. Barghouti has received a visa to Canada within 24 hours after applying .
Dr. Barghouti was scheduled to speak at three public events in Toronto , Montreal and Ottawa on the topic : Palestinian political dynamics and the realities for Middle East Peace .
Dr. Barghouti also had appointments with several prominent members of parliament schedule for Monday , March 22nd .
The delays with Dr. Barghouti ’s visa were brought to the attention of Foreign Affairs and Citizenship and Immigration as early as Wednesday March 17th , with Minister Cannon being directly advised of the situation .
On Thursday , March 18th , the Deputy Minister of Citizenship and Immigration advised the Bloc Quebecois critic Thierry St - Cyr that officials were aware of the urgency of the matter , but were still doing checks on Barghouti , and his host organization Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East ( CJPME . )
“ This seems to be another example of the Harper government ’s dislike for free speech , ” declared Thomas Woodley , President of CJPME .
“ Dr. Barghouti has long advocated for a peaceful transition to a two - state solution in Israel - Palestine – his message should appeal to anyone with a sincere commitment to Middle East peace . ”
Dr. Barghouti ’s record is without blemish : he is a physician and an independent Palestinian politician with a known commitment to non-violence .
CJPME believes that the Harper government ’s obstruction of Dr. Barghouti ’s visa is part of a broader strategy to muzzle or obstruct any voice critical of the policies of the Israeli government .
In addition to his political credentials , Barghouti is also the co-founder of the Health , Development , Information and Policy Institute ( 1989 ) , the Union of Palestinian Medical Relief Committees ( 1979 ) , and the Palestinian National Initiative ( 2002 ) , a reformist political movement positioning itself as a secular , democratic and non-violent alternative to Fatah and Hamas .
Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East often hosts speaking tours , and has been a consistent advocate for a just peace in the Middle East , basing all its positions on support for international law , equal expectations for all parties , and a belief that violence is not a solution .
About CJPME – Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East ( CJPME ) is a non-profit and secular organization bringing together men and women of all backgrounds who labour to see justice and peace take root again in the Middle East .
Its mission is to empower decision - makers to view all sides with fairness and to promote the equitable and sustainable development of the region .
For more information , please contact Grace Batchoun at 514-745-8491or grace.batchoun@cjpme.org .
Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East
www.cjpme.org
The whole or parts of this press release can be reproduced without permission . – 30
Prof .
Chomsky discusses the Obama Administration ’s continuation of the Bush Administration ’s foreign policy ( consistent with all credible predictions prior to the inauguration ) , the ‘ immoral ’ U.S. - led war against and occupation of Afghanistan , Guantanamo Bay ’s purpose of ‘ creating terrorists ’ , Osama bin Laden ’s ‘ allegiance ’ with the U.S. , Obama ’s ‘ rejectionist stance ’ enabling Israel ’s expanding occupation of Palestine , his ‘ full - time job ’ of activism from childhood throughout his career with the ‘ antiwar movement ’ , the myth of the existence of a ‘ free - market ’ , his history of tax resistance , the differing dissents of the intellectual and working class on war .
Noam Chomsky on Obama ’s Foreign Policy , His Own History of Activism , and the Importance of Speaking Out
15 Mar 2010 | Democracy Now !
We spend the hour with world - renowned linguist and dissident , Noam Chomsky .
In a wide - ranging public conversation at the Harvard Memorial Church in Cambridge , Massachusetts , Chomsky talks about President Obama ’s foreign and national security policies , the lessons of Vietnam , and his own activism .
“ You just ca n’t become involved part - time in these things , ” Chomsky says .
“ It ’s either serious and you ’re seriously involved , or you go to a demonstration and go home and forget about it and go back to work , and nothing happens .
Things only happen by really dedicated , diligent work . ”
Part One ( 9:57 ) :
Part Two ( 9:15 ) :
Part Three ( 7:25 ) :
Part Four ( 9:34 ) :
Part Five ( 7:41 ) :
( h/t : ThisBoyTV )
AMY GOODMAN : Defense Secretary Robert Gates met with leaders of the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia last week to increase support for a new round of United Nations - imposed sanctions on Iran over its uranium enrichment program .
While the Obama administration intensifies its efforts to win Chinese and Russian backing for tougher sanctions , France and Finland have indicated the European Union could consider unilateral measures against Iran if a UN resolution fails to materialize .
Well , as the United States , the EU and Israel step up the pressure on Iran , we spend the hour with the world - renowned linguist and dissident , Noam Chomsky , whose latest speech begins with a critical look at US policy towards Iran .
An internationally celebrated professor of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Chomsky is the author of over a hundred books on linguistics , mass media , American imperialism , and US foreign policy .
The New York Times called him perhaps “ the most important intellectual alive today , ” but his opinions are rarely heard in the mainstream media .
Well , I had a wide - ranging conversation with Professor Chomsky at Harvard Memorial Church in Cambridge , Massachusetts just a week ago .
He talked about antiwar activism , the lessons of Vietnam , President Obama ’s foreign and national security policies , and also the risks that Noam Chomsky himself took as an activist and someone who has consistently spoken truth to power .
We begin with an excerpt of Chomsky ’s speech , a critique of the Obama administration ’s push for tighter sanctions against Iran .
NOAM CHOMSKY : My favorite newspaper , the London Financial Times , a couple of days ago identified Obama ’s major foreign policy problem today as Iran .
The occasion for the article was Hillary Clinton ’s failure to convince Brazil to go along with the United States on calling for harsher sanctions and President Lula ’s insistence that there should be engagement with Iran , commercial relations , and so on , and that it has a right to enrich uranium for producing nuclear energy , as do all signers of the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Well , it was reported here , too , of course , and Lula ’s position was considered sort of paradoxical .
Why is he not going along with the international community , with the world ?
It ’s an interesting usage , which is a very striking reflection of the depth of the culture of imperialism .
Who is the international community ?
Well , it turns out , if you look , that the international community is Washington and whoever happens to agree with it at the moment .
The rest are not part of the world .
They ’re kind of in opposition .
Well , in this case , Lula ’s position happens to be that of most of the world .
You can think it ’s right or wrong or whatever , but just as a matter of fact , for example , it ’s the position of the former non-aligned countries , the majority of countries of the world and the large majority of their populations .
They have repeatedly and vigorously supported Iran ’s right to enriched uranium for peaceful purposes , reiterating that it ’s a signer of the Non-Proliferation Treaty , which does grant that right .
So they ’re not part of the world .
Another group that ’s not part of the world is the population of the United States .
The last polls that I ’ve seen , a couple of years ago , in those polls a considerable majority of Americans agreed that Iran has a right to develop nuclear energy , but of course not nuclear weapons .
And in fact , as the poll demonstrated , the opinions of Americans on this issue were almost identical with opinions of Iranians on a whole range of issues .
And , in fact , when the poll was presented in Washington at a press conference , the presenter pointed out that if people were able to make policy , could be that these tensions and conflicts would be resolved .
Well , that was a few years ago .
Since then , there ’s been a huge mass of propaganda about the threat of Iran and so on .
And it ’s very likely , I would guess , that if the poll were taken today , those figures for the American population would be different .
But that was 2007 , three years ago .
So , at that point , Americans were not part of the world .
Most of the majority of people of the world were not part of the world .
And Lula , by repeating their view , is also not part of the world .
Could be added that he ’s almost surely the most popular political figure in the world , but that does n’t mean anything , either .
So , what about the conflict with Iran and the threat of Iran ?
Nobody in their right mind wants Iran to develop nuclear weapons , or anyone , for that matter .
So , on that , there ’s complete agreement .
And in fact , there are significant problems about proliferation of nuclear weapons .
It ’s not a joke .
And Obama ’s vision forcibly includes , stresses the need to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons and to reduce or maybe remove nuclear weapons .
Well , that ’s the vision .
What ’s the practice ?
Well , the practice became clear a couple of months ago .
Once again , the Security Council passed a resolution , 1887 — I think it was October — calling on — with criticism of Iran for not living up to commitments that were demanded by the Security Council and also calling on all states to join the Non-Proliferation Treaty and to solve all their conflicts within the framework of the Non-Proliferation Treaty without any threats of force .
Well , that particular part of the resolution was not exactly headlined here , for a simple reason : it was directed at two countries , the two countries that are regularly threatening the use of force , the United States and Israel .
The threat of force is in violation of the UN Charter , if anybody cares about that stale old stuff , even older than the ’60s .
But that ’s never mentioned .
But every — just across the spectrum here , almost everyone insists that — the usual phrase is “ we must keep all options open . ”
That ’s a threat of force .
And the threat of force is not just idle .
So , for example , Israel is sending its nuclear submarines into the Gulf , firing distance — they ’re undetectable , basically — into areas where they could fire nuclear missiles — of course , Israel has plenty of nuclear weapons — fire them at Iran .
The US and others are — its allies are carrying out field operations , you know , the exercises , plainly aimed at Iran .
And there ’s a little hitch , because Turkey is refusing to go along , but that ’s what they ’ve been trying to do .
So there are regular threats , verbal and in policy .
Israel actually is sending the nuclear submarines and other warships through the Suez Canal , with the tacit agreement of Egypt , the Egyptian dictatorship , another US client in the region .
Well , those are all threats — constant , verbal , actual .
And the threats do have the effect of inducing Iran to develop a deterrent .
Whether they ’re doing it or not , I do n’t know .
Maybe they are .
But if they are , the reason , as I think almost all serious analysts would agree , is not because they intend to use nuclear weapons and missiles with nuclear weapons .
If they even loaded a missile was nuclear weapons , assuming they had them , the country would be vaporized in five minutes .
And nobody believes that the ruling clerics , whatever one thinks about them , have a kind of a death wish and want to see the entire country and society and everything they own destroyed .
In fact , US intelligence figures pretty high , who have talked about it , estimate the possibility of Iran ever actually using a nuclear weapon is maybe one percent , you know , so low that you ca n’t estimate it .
But it ’s possible that they develop them as a deterrent .
One of Israel ’s leading military historians , Martin van Creveld , a couple of years ago , after the invasion of Iraq , wrote in the international press that of course he does n’t want to see Iran have nuclear weapons , he said , but if they ’re not developing them , they ’re crazy .
The US had just invaded Iraq , knowing that it was totally defenseless .
It was part of the reason why they felt free to invade .
Everybody can understand that .
The Iranian leaders could certainly understand it .
So , therefore , to quote van Creveld again , “ if they ’re not developing a nuclear deterrent , they ’re crazy . ”
Well , whether they are or not is another question .
But there ’s no doubt that the hostile and aggressive stance taken by the United States and its Israeli client are a factor in whatever planning that ’s going on in top Iranian circles as to whether to develop a nuclear deterrent or not .
AMY GOODMAN : MIT Professor Noam Chomsky , speaking recently at Harvard University .
When we come back from our break , I interview him about President Obama ’s foreign policy .
Stay with us .
[ break ]
AMY GOODMAN : We return to Professor Noam Chomsky .
I interviewed him at the Harvard Memorial Church in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
I began by asking him for his assessment of President Obama ’s foreign policy .
NOAM CHOMSKY : When Obama came into office , or when he was elected , one high Bush official — I think it was Condoleezza Rice — predicted that Obama ’s foreign policy would be a continuation of Bush ’s second term .
The first and second term of Bush were quite different .
The first term was aggressive , arrogant , kicking the world in the face , even allies , and it had such a negative effect — this is in action as well as manner — that US prestige in the world sank to the lowest point it ’s ever been .
That was really harmful to the interests of those who actually set foreign policy — business world and corporate interests and , you know , state planners and so on .
So there was a lot of criticism of Bush right from the mainstream in the first term .
Well , you know , the second term was somewhat different .
For one thing , some of the most extreme figures were kicked out .
Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , a couple of others , were sent off to pasture .
They could n’t get rid of Cheney , because he was the administration , so ca n’t dismantle it .
But a lot of the others went , and policy shifted more towards the norm , to the more - or - less centrist norm .
And a little talk about negotiations , I mean , less aggression , and so on .
And a more polite attitude toward allies .
So that was more acceptable , and fundamentally it did n’t change , but it was more acceptable .
And this prediction was that that ’s what Obama would do .
And I think that ’s pretty much what happened .
In fact , there ’s a pretty interesting characterization of this , which sort of captures it , I think , pretty well .
It ’s anachronistic , but I think it applies .
Back in 1962 , at the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis , when the world really was coming , you know , dangerously close to a nuclear war , which would have been sort of the end — most dangerous moment in history , Arthur Schlesinger called it , Kennedy ’s adviser — right at the peak of the missile crisis , US planners were considering measures which they knew might destroy Europe , and in fact , in particular , Britain .
So they were kind of playing out these scenarios which led to the destruction of Britain , but they — and taking them very seriously , in fact taking the steps towards it .
But they did n’t let Britain know .
Britain is supposed to have a special relationship with the United States , and the British were pretty upset .
They could n’t find out what was going on .
The prime minister , Macmillan , all he could find out was what British intelligence was picking up .
So here they ’re — the best and the brightest are making plans that might well lead to the destruction of Britain , but they ’re not telling them .
At that point , a senior adviser — I think it was probably Dean Acheson — of the Kennedy administration entered the discussion , and he defined the special relationship .
He said the special relationship with Britain means that Britain is our lieutenant ; the fashionable word is “ partner . ”
And the British , of course , like to hear the fashionable word .
Well , that ’s pretty much the difference between Bush and Obama .
Bush simply told them , “ You ’re our lieutenant .
You do what we say , or you ’re irrelevant . ”
In fact , that ’s the word that I think Colin Powell used at the UN .
“ Do what we say , or you ’re irrelevant .
You ’re just our lieutenant , and forget about it . ”
They do n’t like to hear that .
What they like to hear is “ You ’re our partner . ”
You know , “ We love you . ”
And then , back in secret , we treat you as our lieutenant , but that ’s OK .
And I suspect that that ’s the main difference .
AMY GOODMAN : What about the antiwar movement in the United States ?
You ’ve long been a participant in it , very active in Vietnam right up until today .
But where do you see it in relation to the person that many of them devoted tremendous efforts to elect ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : Well , you know , there — actually , my view , which is not the standard one , is that the antiwar movement is far stronger now than it was in the ’60s .
In the 1960s , there was a point , 1968 , ’ 69 , when there was a very strong antiwar movement against the war in Vietnam .
But it ’s worth remembering that the war in Vietnam started — an outright war started in 1962 .
By then , maybe 70,000 or 80,000 people had already been killed under the US client regime .
But in 1962 , Kennedy really opened an outright war , you know , sent the American Air Force to start bombing South Vietnam — under South Vietnamese markings , but everybody knew , it was even reported — authorized napalm , authorized chemical warfare to destroy crops and ground cover , started open — started the programs which drove ultimately millions of people from the countryside into what amounted to concentration camps , to try to — the words were “ to protect them from the guerrillas , ” who the government knew perfectly well they were supporting .
Same kind of things you read now in Afghanistan , if you bother to read the fine print about the conquest of Marjah .
But we had to drive them into concentration camps to protect them from the people , the guerrillas , they were supporting .
That ’s a war .
You know , it ’s a serious war .
Protest was zero , literally .
I mean , it was years before you could get any sign of protest .
I mean , those of you who are old enough may remember that in Boston , liberal city , in October 1965 — that ’s three years after that , hundreds of thousands of American troops rampaging the country , you know , war spread to North Vietnam and so on — we tried to have our first public demonstration against the war on the Boston Common , usual demonstration place .
This is October 1965 .
I was supposed to be one of the speakers .
I could n’t say a word .
It was broken up , you know , violently .
A lot of students marched over trying to break it up , hundreds of state police there .
The next day , the Boston Globe , most liberal paper in the country , you know , devoted its whole front page to denouncing the demonstrators , not the ones who were breaking it up .
You know , a picture of a wounded soldier in the middle , that sort of thing .
Well , that was October 1965 , you know , hundreds of thousands of troops there , war escalating beyond .
Well , finally , after years , in 1968 , you got a substantial antiwar movement , ’ 67 , ’ 68 .
By then , South Vietnam was gone .
It was virtually destroyed .
And the same was true of much of the rest of Indochina .
Well , the war did go on for a long time , with horrible effects , and we were unwilling to face the fact , even to report the fact .
But nevertheless , the antiwar movement did have an effect very late .
Well , compare Iraq .
There were huge protests before the war was officially launched .
I mean , we now know that Blair and Bush were simply lying when they said that they were trying to work for a diplomatic settlement .
They had already started the war .
OK , that came out in the famous Downing Street memos in England , but it had n’t been officially announced , so — but there were huge demonstrations .
And I think they had an effect .
The US war in Iraq was horrible enough , probably killed about a million people , drove a couple of million out of the country , devastated the country , destroyed it , horrible cultural destruction and so on .
It was pretty awful .
Could have been a lot worse .
It ’s not what the US did in South Vietnam .
Nothing like it .
You know , no saturation bombing with B - 52s , chemical warfare and so on .
And I think it was retarded by the antiwar movement .
The population here had just become more civilized .
That ’s one of those grim effects of the 1960s .
AMY GOODMAN : And Afghanistan ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : Pardon ?
AMY GOODMAN : And Afghanistan ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : Afghanistan is an interesting case .
I mean , Afghanistan was sold here as a war to retaliate — a just — it ’s always called a “ just ” war — to prevent terror , you know , retaliate against a terrorist attack .
I mean , it ’s such a standard view that to take it apart , you know , requires more time than I ’d be allowed .
But the fact of the matter is that that was not the goal of the war .
I mean , if the goal of the war was to isolate al - Qaeda , eliminate terror , there were straightforward ways to proceed .
I mean , if you go back to that time , the jihadi movement itself was highly critical of the 9/11 attack .
There were fatwas coming out from the most radical clerics , and , you know , Al Azhar University , the main theological center , denouncing al - Qaeda , Osama bin Laden and the terrorist attacks — it ’s not Islamic , we would n’t do that , and so on .
Well , if you wanted to end terror , the obvious thing to do at that point is to isolate al - Qaeda , to try to gain support , even from the jihadi movement , and of course from the population they ’re trying to mobilize .
You know , terrorists regard themselves as a vanguard .
They ’re trying to mobilize others to their cause .
I mean , every specialist on terrorism knows that .
So you could have done it then , and you could have proceeded to identify the perpetrators , which , incidentally , they could n’t do because they did n’t know who they were , and that was conceded later .
But they could have tried to identify them , bring them to justice , you know , to trials — with fair trials and not torture , but fair trials , which would have probably sharply reduced , if maybe not — maybe even have ended Islamic terrorism .
Well , they did the opposite .
What they tried to do is to mobilize the population and mobilize the jihadi movement to support al - Qaeda .
That ’s exactly the effect of first invading Afghanistan and later invading Iraq .
And it ’s also the effect of Guantánamo and Bagram and the other torture centers .
I mean , everyone who ’s involved in them , you know , seriously , knows , yeah , they created terrorists .
AMY GOODMAN : Do you think Obama should have these Guantánamo prisoners tried in New York ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : Well , it depends whether we want to be — regard ourselves as a civilized country or as a rogue state .
If you want to be a rogue state , you know , do whatever you like .
You know , kill them , torture them , whatever .
If you want to be part of the civilized world , and also if you want to reduce the appeal of the extreme jihadi movement , then try them in civilian courts .
In fact , the very fact that they ’re in Guantánamo is outlandish .
First of all , what ’s Guantánamo ?
I mean , Guantánamo was taken from Cuba a century ago at gunpoint .
They said , “ Give us Guantánamo , or else . ” Cuba was under military occupation .
It ’s called a treaty , but , you know — OK .
And the treaty of Guantánamo , if you want to call it that , allowed Guantánamo to be used as a calling station for the Navy .
Well , you know , it ’s not what it ’s being used for .
In fact , as you know perfectly well , it was used for Haitian refugees .
When Haitians were fleeing from the dictatorships that the US was supporting , the US refused to permit them political asylum .
It claimed that they were just economic refugees .
The Coast Guard tried to stop them , and if any got through , they sent them to Guantánamo .
OK , now you know what they ’re being used for .
Actually , what they are being used for is to create terrorists .
It ’s not my opinion ; that ’s the opinion of the main US interrogators , people like Matthew Alexander , who actually has an article on it in the same issue of National Interest that I mentioned .
He said , yeah , it ’s a great way to create terrorists .
It inspires terrorism all over , and it turns many of these people there into terrorists , if they were picked up for whatever reason it was .
So , yes , if you want to — if your goal is to reduce the threat of , say , Islamic terrorism and to become part of the civilized world , you have civilian trials , just as those who are in Guantánamo — first of all , most of those who are in Guantánamo , I mean , it ’s kind of outrageous anyway .
They ’re like some fifteen - year - old kid who was found holding a rifle when the US was invading his country .
That ’s a terrorist .
OK , but that ’s a large part of maybe almost all of what ’s in Guantánamo .
But if you want to — but what should have been done with them , if the goal was to be civilized and to reduce terrorism , is to put them in prison in the United States .
There ’s no security problem .
You know , they ’re not going to get out of a maximum - security prison , and they do n’t have some magic way of spreading poison around the world or anything .
But , of course , the government did n’t want to do that , because they had no evidence .
And if they were — they were sent to Guantánamo so that they could , it was hoped , be free from US jurisdiction , so you could play that — you could pretend that they were n’t under your US jurisdiction , so the laws did n’t apply .
Well , the Supreme Court finally , after a long time , kind of whittled away at that and said , yes , they have the right of habeas corpus .
The Bush administration accepted that ; Obama does n’t .
Obama — the Obama administration is trying to overturn a decision by a right - wing Bush judicial appointee that the Supreme Court decision holds for Bagram , the torture center in Afghanistan .
And the Obama administration is trying to override that , so that that means that the Supreme Court decision is just a joke .
If you want to torture somebody , do n’t send them to Guantánamo , because the Supreme Court said you ca n’t torture them there ; let ’s send them to Bagram .
So if you pick somebody up in Yemen or , you know , wherever you pick him up , and you want them not to be subject to international law , also US law , OK , send him to Bagram .
That ’s the Obama administration position .
I mean , it ’s for reasons like these that even the most hawkish anti-terrorism specialist , people like Michael Scheuer , who was in charge for the CIA of following Obama for years , he says that al - Qaeda ’s — Osama bin Laden ’s best ally is the United States .
You know , we ’re doing exactly what he wants .
What he wants is he ’s trying to sell a line to the Muslim world , you know , these guys are on a crusade , they ’re trying to kill us , we ’ve got to defend ourselves .
And the US is acting , you know , as if they ’re under command .
Yeah , we do everything he wants .
AMY GOODMAN : MIT Professor Noam Chomsky in a public conversation at Harvard University .
If you want a copy of today ’s program , you can go to our website at democracynow.org .
We ’ll come back to our conversation after break .
Stay with us .
[ break ]
AMY GOODMAN : We return now to the conclusion of our public conversation with Noam Chomsky , professor of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
We were speaking at Harvard Memorial Church in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
We talked about the risks he took as an antiwar activist .
But first , I asked him about what he thought of the Obama administration , what it should be doing with Israel and Palestine .
NOAM CHOMSKY : Israel - Palestine happens to be a particularly easy case .
I mean , there has been an overwhelming international consensus for thirty - five years on how to settle the problem — short term , at least — namely , a two - state settlement on the international border , which everyone agrees on , with , the phrase was , “ minor and mutual modifications . ”
That was US official policy until the US departed from the world in the early ’ 70s , as it did .
That ’s just overwhelming .
I mean , there was a Security Council resolution in 1976 calling for a two - state settlement .
The US vetoed it .
And it just goes on from there .
I wo n’t run through it , but if you get ’til today , there ’s just overwhelming agreement .
I mean , it includes all the Arab states for a long time .
It includes Iran , the Organization of Islamic States .
It includes Hamas .
You know , in fact , everybody , except the United States and Israel .
So , what has Obama had to say about this ?
Well , it ’s interesting .
He has this great vision , but if you look — if you go below the vision and take a look at the words , it ’s a little different .
So his only word so far — there are two , really .
One is to politely ask Israel to stop expanding settlements .
Well , first of all , that ’s meaningless .
The issue is the existence , not the expansion of the settlements .
But furthermore , those words were also meaningless .
He was quoting Bush .
In fact , he was quoting the — what ’s called the Road Map , the official — you know , supposedly the agreed - upon scenario for moving forward .
He was quoting it .
OK , that ’s meaningless , but that ’s part of his great vision .
The other part , which is more interesting , was a few days after he took office , and he gave his one , and so far only , serious talk about Israel - Palestine .
That ’s when he was introducing George Mitchell as his negotiator , which is a good choice , if he ’s given any leeway .
And Obama explained what he was going to do .
He said — this was his , you know , being very forthcoming to the Arab world .
He said , well , there ’s a constructive proposal on the table , the Arab peace proposal — you know , pat people on the head for producing it .
And then he went on to say , “ Well , it ’s time for the Arabs to live up to their peace proposal .
They should start normalizing relations with Israel . ”
Well , you know , Obama is literate , intelligent .
I suppose he chooses his words carefully .
He knows perfectly well that that was not the Arab peace proposal .
The Arab peace proposal re-endorsed the longstanding international consensus and said , in the context of a two - state settlement , the Arab states will proceed even beyond to normalize relations with Israel .
Well , Obama picked out the corollary , but omitted the substance , which is a way of saying we ’re going to maintain our rejectionist stance .
Could n’t have been clearer .
And that ’s what ’s happened .
With regard to his repetition of the call to stop expansion of settlements , he did go a little bit farther — not he , but his spokespersons in press conferences .
They were asked , is the administration going to do anything about it if Israel rejects it ?
And they said , “ No , it ’s purely symbolic . ”
In fact , explicitly said that the administration is not going to do what George Bush the 1st did .
George Bush the 1st had some light taps on the wrist if Israel continued to reject what the US was asking for .
Clinton pretty much withdrew that , and Obama withdrew it totally .
He said , “ No , this is just symbolic . ”
Well , that ’s telling Benjamin Netanyahu , “ Go ahead and do what you like .
We ’ll say we do n’t like it , but there will be a wink saying , yeah , go ahead .
Meanwhile , we participate in it .
You know , we send you the arms .
We give you the diplomatic support and a direct participation . ”
That ’s the vision .
You know ?
It could hardly be clearer .
Now , what can we do about it ?
Well , you know , we can get the United States to join the world .
In this case it ’s literally the whole world .
Just accept — join the world and accept the international consensus and stop the direct participation in violating it — I mean , what Israel is doing .
And I should have said what the US and Israel are doing .
Everything Israel does is a joint operation .
They ca n’t go beyond what the US permits and participates in .
So what the US and Israel are doing in Gaza and in the West Bank is destroying the hope of the — for realization of the international consensus .
And there ’s no alternative around , I should say , with regard to a lot of the anti-— to pro-Palestinian — you know , supporters of the Palestinians .
In fact , some of the leading Palestinian activists themselves are saying , well , we ought to give up on the two - state solution and just let Israel take over all the territories , maybe annex them , and then there will be a civil rights struggle and like an anti-apartheid struggle , and that can work like South Africa .
That ’s just blindness .
That ’s not going to happen .
The US and Israel are not going to permit that to happen .
They ’re going to continue with exactly what they ’re doing : strangling Gaza , separating it from the West Bank , in violation of international agreements , and in the West Bank take over whatever they want .
AMY GOODMAN : As you look out on folks here , many young people , many students , I was wondering if you could reflect on your career at the moments when you had to make a decision about whether to take a risk that might risk your position or your standing in some way , when you felt — what you say to people when it comes to issues of courage .
NOAM CHOMSKY : Well , you know I do n’t like to talk about myself .
It ’s not important .
But since you ask , a couple of times .
The first time — I mean , I had been a political activist all my life , you know , since childhood .
I mean , you talked about my newsstand and so on .
But with regard to , say , really doing something , say , becoming involved with the nonexistent antiwar movement , the first time was around 1962 .
You could see what was happening in 1962 .
It was n’t really concealed .
And I decided to try to get involved in organizing antiwar activism .
Now , that was n’t risky , but it meant giving up a lot .
You can not put — I do n’t have to tell you — you ca n’t put one toe in this .
If you get into it , it ’s a full - time occupation .
AMY GOODMAN : Were you a tenured professor at the time ?
You — 1956 , you went to MIT .
You were teaching .
NOAM CHOMSKY : Nineteen fifty - five .
I forget what year it was .
But it was n’t a consideration .
In fact , it may be odd for you to think about , but MIT in the 1960s had two interesting characteristics .
One was it was almost entirely funded by the Pentagon .
In fact , I was in a lab which was 100 percent funded by the three armed services .
Two , it was the main center of antiwar resistance .
I ’m not talking about dissent or , you know , protest .
I ’m talking about resistance , you know , organizing resistance activities , illegal activities .
And the Pentagon did n’t care much , because , contrary to what a lot of people believe , one of the main functions of the Pentagon is just to provide a cover for the way the economy functions .
The way the economy functions , it ’s — you know , people like to claim it ’s a free market economy , but , you know , most of it comes out of the state sector — I mean , computers , internet , airplanes , you know .
The idea is the public is supposed to pay the costs and take the risks , and if anything works out , you hand it over to private enterprise .
That ’s called the free market .
And the way it — when the economy was mainly electronics - based , the Pentagon was the cover .
So , you know , you got to do this because the Russians are coming .
But they actually did n’t really care what you were doing .
I mean , it ’s an interesting story .
Anyhow , so , yeah , maybe I was tenured , maybe not , but it did n’t matter .
I got involved in 1962 , and what that meant — so , like , if I ’d give a talk in a church , which I sometimes did , it would mean four people — you know , the minister , the organizer , a drunk who walked in off the street and a guy who wanted to kill me .
That was a talk in a church .
And that went on for a couple of years .
The only really risky step — AMY GOODMAN :
Are you suggesting the antiwar movement during Vietnam was mainly alcoholic ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : Right .
Do n’t tell David Brooks .
In 1966 — in 1965 , I tried to organize — a friend of — an artist friend of mine , since died , tried to organize a national tax resistance .
Well , we got somewhere , so that ’s taking , you know , sort of a mild risk .
But in 1966 , there were the stirrings of an effort to organize more serious resistance .
AMY GOODMAN : Did you not pay your taxes ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : I did n’t pay my taxes for years .
But what — you know , it ’s — I mean , there is a — how the IRS reacted is kind of interesting .
In my case , of course they can get the money , you know .
AMY GOODMAN : And did they just take it out of your salary ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : They just took it .
I got a nasty letter from them from some computer .
But in some cases , they randomly , as far as I could tell , you know , they took people ’s houses .
People went to jail , and so on .
So there ’s a kind of a risk associated with it .
But more serious was support of direct resistance , support for resisters , deserters , and so on and so forth .
That began around 1966 .
It became public in 1967 .
And that did carry potential penalties .
I mean , actually my wife — we had three kids .
She went back to college after seventeen years , because we expected I ’d probably end up in jail .
And I came pretty close .
I mean , I was — a trial was announced in ’ 68 , which I was the main defendant .
I was saved , as were others , by the Tet Offensive .
The Tet Offensive came along in January 1968 , and it convinced the business world in the United States that the US should n’t — that this was just becoming too costly .
AMY GOODMAN : What were you charged with ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : The charges were conspiracy to , you know , resist the draft or overthrow the government or something or other .
The conspiracy trials are kind of an interesting story .
I could talk about them , but it was real , you know .
If it had n’t been for the Tet Offensive , I probably would have spent a couple years in jail .
But — AMY GOODMAN : Did you go through the trial ?
NOAM CHOMSKY : The trials were called off right after the Tet Offensive .
There was one that was underway , but — you know , the Spock trial , where they picked all the wrong people , but — and that was overturned on appeal , but mainly because of the Tet Offensive .
I mean , the business world just said , “ Look out . ”
In fact , what they did — what happened in 1968 is that a group of so - called wise men — you know , big shots from Wall Street and so on — went down to Washington and basically gave the President marching orders .
It was a very real power play .
Johnson was told , “ Stop the bombing of North Vietnam .
Do n’t run for office again .
And begin negotiations and start to withdraw . ”
And he followed orders , to the letter .
Then Nixon came along and did it a different way .
But the visible escalation of the war declined .
Visible , I say , because some of the worst atrocities were in 1969 , and then it went off to Cambodia and Laos , where it was even worse .
But that was kind of invisible .
It still is .
But it kind of tempered at that point , and one of the things that was done was to call off the trials , because there was an effort on the part of the government to sort of make peace , you know , make peace with the students .
And that was an interesting story , too .
But that ended the trials .
But yeah , that was — yeah , it was risky .
Civil disobedience is — it ’s no fun .
You know , I mean , you ca n’t really say it ’s risky .
So , maybe you get maced or beaten or something like that , spend a couple days in jail , but — not the pleasantest experience , but it ’s not the kind of risk that dissidents take in other countries .
But yeah — but that ’s the kind of decisions you have to make .
You just ca n’t become involved part - time in these things .
It ’s either serious and you ’re seriously involved , or , you know , you go to a demonstration and go home and forget about it and go back to work , and nothing happens .
I mean , things only happen by really dedicated , diligent work .
I mean , we ’re not allowed to say nice things about the Communist Party , right ?
That ’s like a rule .
But one of the reasons why the New Deal legislation worked , you know , which was significant — you know , just changed the country — was because there were people who were there every day .
Whether it was a civil rights issue , a labor rights issue , organizing , anything else , they were there , ready to turn the mimeograph machines — no internet — organize demonstrations .
They had a memory .
You know , the movement had a memory , which it does n’t have now .
Now everyone starts over from fresh .
But it had a kind of a tradition , a memory , that people were always there .
And if you look back , it was very heavily Communist Party activists .
Well , you know , that was destroyed .
And it ’s one of the — the lack of such a sector of dedicated , committed people who understand that you ’re not going to win tomorrow , you know , you ’re going to have a lot of defeats , and there ’ll be a lot of trouble , you know , and a lot of things will happen that are n’t nice , but if you keep at it , you can get somewhere .
That ’s why we had a civil rights movement and a labor movement and so on .
The lesson that we ought to learn , there was a split in American public opinion , very sharp split , very visible , in the early ’ 70s , between elite opinion — you know , newspapers , Harvard faculty and so on — on the one hand , and the general population , on the other .
Not the antiwar movement , the general population .
In elite opinion , articulate opinion — and that you can read , so it ’s easy to document — the most extreme condemnation of the war was that it was a mistake which proved to be too costly .
OK , that ’s about as far as you can go .
Among the public , about 70 percent , in polls , said it ’s not a mistake , it ’s fundamentally wrong and immoral .
OK ?
It ’s a very sharp and significant split .
And I think the lesson we ought to learn is , to bring it to today , that , say , when Obama is praised for opposing the war in Iraq because he thought it was a mistake , we should recognize that to be on a par with Nazi generals after Stalingrad who thought that the two - front war was a mistake .
The issue is n’t was it a mistake ; it ’s whether it ’s fundamentally wrong and immoral .
Well , that ’s the lesson that has to be drawn .
That ’s what the public probably already understands , but we have to do something with them and organize with them .
AMY GOODMAN : I ’ll just say one thing .
There ’s this quote that I ’ve been trying to find out who said it .
“ I think back on my life over all the times I thought I went too far , and I realize now I did n’t go far enough . ”
I do n’t think Noam Chomsky said that .
AMY GOODMAN : World - renowned linguist and dissident , Noam Chomsky , speaking at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts at an event sponsored by the Harvard Extension International Relations Club .
Oh , about 800 people packed Memorial Church .
Noam Chomsky is a libertarian socialist Institute Professor of Linguistics ( Emeritus ) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , known as the ‘ father of modern lingustics ’ , cognitive scientist , political activist , most cited living author of over 100 books on linguistics , political science and media , one of the world ’s leading intellectuals and of an elite few in the history of the world to be at the top of two fields : linguistics and political science .
I tried that with an old mayonnaise jar years ago .
Was having some really , really rancid farts one afternoon -- so bad they were actually making me gag a little and I wanted my wife to smell it but she was at work so I found an old jar in the garage and pulled off my pants and released a carpet bomb right into the jar and screwed the lid on real fast .
She got home about an hour later and ran up to her all excited and said I wanted her to smell this and flipped the lid off and jammed the jar under her nose ... then she puked all over the carpet and ran to the bathroom gagging .
I was so happy !
My fart actually make someone vomit -- but wait , it seems that there was a glob of old , moldy mayonnaise in the bottom of the jar and that 's what made her ralph .
So I do n't know the answer to your question --- but it would be joyous it it worked !
As we all know , most of ObamaCare is pushed out to 2014 or so .
But Ezra Klein , ever helpful , points out this nice PDF which explains what will occur nearly immediately .
Ezra is always celebrating the cost control measures of ObamaCare , so let us see how these provisions stack up :
1. SMALL BUSINESS TAX CREDITS .
Offers tax credits to small businesses to make employee coverage more affordable .
Tax credits of up to 35 percent of premiums will be immediately available to firms that choose to offer coverage .
Effective beginning for calendar year 2010 .
( Beginning in 2014 , the small business tax credits will cover 50 percent of premiums . )
Okay , an immediate hit to Uncle Sugar here , but probably not big unless it really changes behavior immediately .
So we start hurting the deficit right away .
This is a net hit on government spending , but one might think that it probably will not do much to private healthcare costs in the short run .
I expect this will result in marginally increased coverage and thus will show no real change to health insurance premiums .
2. BEGINS TO CLOSE THE MEDICARE PART D DONUT HOLE .
Provides a $ 250 rebate to Medicare beneficiaries who hit the donut hole in 2010 .
Effective for calendar year 2010 .
( Beginning in 2011 , institutes a 50 % discount on brand name drugs in the donut hole ; also completely closes the donut hole by 2020 . )
Another government spending hit on drug coverage .
In 2011 , a 0 % subsidy in this range jumps to 50 % .
According to Wikipedia , this may affect somewhere in the range of 25 % of Medicare Part D enrollees .
I will leave it to others to quantify this , but this is another spending measure .
3. FREE PREVENTIVE CARE UNDER MEDICARE .
Eliminates copayments for preventive services and exempts preventive services from deductibles under the Medicare program .
Effective beginning January 1 , 2011 .
Oh , look !
Another government spending increase subsidy !
And as one of the colleagues at WaPo points out , preventative care does not really lower total medical spending costs .
So overall this is not a cost control measure for government budgets or spending in general .
4. HELP FOR EARLY RETIREES .
Creates a temporary reinsurance program ( until the Exchanges are available ) to help offset the costs of expensive health claims for employers that provide health benefits for retirees age 55 to 64 .
Effective 90 days after enactment
Another subsidy .
This will mainly hit government , I do not see a major change to insurance premiums here .
There may be additional companies who provide early retiree benefits , but only union jobs and government tend to do so .
Most who are wealthy enough to retire early on their own will cover their own medical insurance costs , not their employer .
5. ENDS RESCISSIONS .
Bans health plans from dropping people from coverage when they get sick .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
And here we go .
The first of [ many ] provisions that will raise private insurance premiums .
Of course , this depends on how common rescissions are .
The left says they happen OMG like ALL THE TIME , so if they are right , it is a big hit .
I do not think it is a huge change , but it is definitely going to raise premiums .
6. NO DISCRIMINATON AGAINST CHILDREN WITH PREEXISTING CONDITIONS .
Prohibits health plans from denying coverage to children with preexisting conditions .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
( Beginning in 2014 , this prohibition would apply to all persons . )
Again , an increase to private health insurance premiums .
But hey , who will complain ?
After all , it is for the children .
7. BANS LIFETIME LIMITS ON COVERAGE .
Prohibits health plans from placing lifetime caps on coverage .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
Again , if you think anything other than that this will increase premiums up front , you are smoking something .
And you should not be smoking , because it is bad for you .
But on the bright side , in 6 months you can be assured your lung cancer will be treated with no limits .
And do not worry about lying about that smoking habit on your insurance application , because rescissions are banned too .
( UPDATE 7:55 AM PDT : Commenter Fabio Escobar notes that rescissions are still allowed in cases of fraud , so it would be best not to lie on those applications , folks . )
8. BANS RESTRICTIVE ANNUAL LIMITS ON COVERAGE .
Tightly restricts new planned use of annual limits to ensure access to needed care .
These tight restrictions will be defined by HHS .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
( Beginning in 2014 , the use of any annual limits would be prohibited for all plans . )
Again , we have a regulation that will up private premiums .
[ Do you see a pattern here ? ]
Costs must be amortized , so this added risk is going to show up in premium hikes rather than limits on annual coverage .
Insurance is built to hedge risk , and its increasingly looking like the risks to the insurer do not expire [ until you do ] .
9. FREE PREVENTIVE CARE UNDER NEW PRIVATE PLANS .
Requires new private plans to cover preventive services with no copayments and with preventive services being exempt from deductibles .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
( Beginning in 2018 , this requirement applies to all plans . )
Ahh , two fun ones here .
Immediate premium increase ( costs must be amortized , you know ) , and a probable increase in total healthcare costs , for the aforementioned reason that preventative care does not lower total spending .
10 . NEW , INDEPENDENT APPEALS PROCESS .
Ensures consumers in new plans have access to an effective internal and external appeals process to appeal decisions by their health insurance plan .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
Again , here come higher premiums .
Unless you think the external appeals boards are going to rule less in favor of the patient than the insurance companies would have , of course .
Since the left believes insurers deny care left and right , this has to be a big impact , right ?
11 . ENSURING VALUE FOR PREMIUM PAYMENTS .
Requires plans in the individual and small group market to spend 80 percent of premium dollars on medical services , and plans in the large group market to spend 85 percent .
Insurers that do not meet these thresholds must provide rebates to policyholders .
Effective on January 1 , 2011 .
“ Ensuring value for premium payments ” sounds a lot nicer than “ capping profit margins ” , right ?
If the left belief that insurers are fat and happy and spend all their money on lavish bonuses instead of medical services , this would in fact be a cost control measure .
One story from late last year suggests insurers already spend above 80 % ( Wall Street analysts say low 80s , industry says 87 % ) .
Overall , my read is that this probably is not a major component either way .
12 . IMMEDIATE HELP FOR THE UNINSURED UNTIL EXCHANGE IS AVAILABLE ( INTERIM HIGH RISK POOL ) .
Provides immediate access to insurance for Americans who are uninsured because of a preexisting condition through a temporary high risk pool .
Effective 90 days after enactment .
Initially there will be $ 5B in subsidy for this risk pool .
It is unclear whether some of this funding will replace existing state govt funding ( 35 states already have high risk pools ) , so I am not sure how much of that $ 5B is a net adder to the total cost .
But the simple fact is this , while it might be better for some of those people currently denied due to pre existing conditions ( i.e. 100 % risks ) , much of the cost will come out of * OUR * pockets .
13 . EXTENDS COVERAGE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE UP TO 26TH BIRTHDAY THROUGH PARENTS INSURANCE â€ “ Requires health plans to allow young people up to their 26th birthday to remain on their parents insurance policy , at the parents choice .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
This one just baffles me .
Should we really be disincentivizing kids adults to get good jobs where they might be covered ?
I can understand an exemption for people on the 7 + year college program ( hopefully grad school , not this guy ) , but if your offspring is 24 and not in school , it seems to me that it is not your employers problem to provide them with health insurance ( since it is usually the cheapest method ) .
Perhaps this * IS * actually a cost control measure , since most 23 to 25 year olds are healthy and will add to the risk pool .
But even so , I can imagine “ Employee + Family ” or “ Employee + Children ” plans increasing in premium , because they are not usually charged based on how many kids are specifically enrolled .
14 . COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS .
Increases funding for Community Health Centers to allow for nearly a doubling of the number of patients seen by the centers over the next 5 years .
Effective beginning in fiscal year 2010 .
There is a short run deficit cost here , but the goal is understandable .
Clinics are likely a better way of treating immediate non emergency medical needs than emergency rooms , so there may be some cost reduction in the delivery method of care .
Presumably not all of the supposed “ doubling ” of patients will be people whose only alternative was a regular doctor visit or ER visit , so there may be some gross increase in the total number of patients served .
This one could go either way , and I will leave it to the statisticians to score it .
But I will grant that there is at least a possibility of cost control here .
15 . INCREASING NUMBER OF PRIMARY CARE DOCTORS .
Provides new investment in training programs to increase the number of primary care doctors , nurses , and public health professionals .
Effective beginning in fiscal year 2010 .
Again , another big subsidy .
Gives 10 % bonuses to PCP and General Surgeons starting in 2011 , and it is unclear here what “ new investment in training programs ” really amounts to , but the early notes I have seen suggest it is largely student loan repayment changes .
I do not see that much here that will blunt the existing trend for doctors to head into specialization rather than primary care .
10 % is nice but it is nowhere near the difference between a specialist salary and a primary care doctor .
16 . PROHIBITING DISCRIMINATION BASED ON SALARY .
Prohibits new group health plans from establishing any eligibility rules for health care coverage that have the effect of discriminating in favor of higher wage employees .
Effective 6 months after enactment .
This one is also somewhat vague .
But usually when I hear about plans to avoid “ eligibility rules ” that “ discriminate ” , I think they are trying to find ways to make it impossible to discriminate against bad health risks .
Richer people tend to be healthier people , so it seems that if they accomplish their goal , it necessarily raises premiums .
17 . HEALTH INSURANCE CONSUMER INFORMATION .
Provides aid to states in establishing offices of health insurance consumer assistance in order to help individuals with the filing of complaints and appeals .
Effective beginning in FY 2010 .
Ahh , a two fer !
First is the direct government subsidy to states to hire new “ consultants ” .
The second is the premium increase by pushing harder against health providers regarding complaints and appeals , which will likely often be adjudicated by the external appeals boards mentioned in point 10 .
18 . CREATES NEW , VOLUNTARY , PUBLIC LONG TERM CARE INSURANCE PROGRAM .
Creates a long term care insurance program to be financed by voluntary payroll deductions to provide benefits to adults who become functionally disabled .
Effective on January 1 , 2011 .
Voluntary ?
I wonder how long it will remain so .
And how exactly does this differ from the disability portion of Social Security ?
As things currently stand , in order to qualify for Social Security disability benefits , you must have held qualifying employment for a certain period of time and you must also be able to prove that you suffer from a totally disabling condition that prevents you from working .
If you would like more information about the law surrounding Social Security Disability benefits , you can take a look at some of the resources on the Crest SSD website .
As for this potential change though , I am not sure how this going to work yet .
All I see here is a big new shiny bureaucracy , that will work as quickly as possible to entrench themselves by making this as involuntary as possible .
Conclusion :
So there you have it , folks .
Of 18 highlighted points , most or all of them will increase payments made by government or increase health insurance premiums .
This is “ bending the cost curve ” .
UPDATE 7:09 AM
PDT : Welcome Instapundit , Powerline , and Tigerhawk readers !
Feel free to take a look around to find out more about us , and we hope a few of you may come back from time to time .
This is n't a Nexus One celebrating Gay Pride month — it 's CNET Crave UK 's broken Google phone .
According to HTC 's technical support , " they do n't go in pockets , " lest the screen gets cracked .
Advertisement
Only thing is , Crave UK swears up and down the Nexus One suffered the damages while charging on a desk — with no tampering by vicious iPhone users recorded .
After being recommended by Google to speak to HTC 's technical support , Crave was told that " putting a phone in a tight pair of jeans and sitting down would usually cause the kind of damage , " and that " people sometimes forget that they do n't go in pockets . "
Say what ?
Here 's the second stinging lash — the cracked screen will cost £ 180 to fix .
That 's $ 270 , or $ 100 more than the whole phone 's parts cost , according to iSuppli .
Yeouch .
[ Crave UK ]
Advertisement
The strong sense of community standards in Perl and the CPAN offers many benefits .
The uniformity of conventions suggests that all of the code I 'm likely to use has decent documentation , a test suite , a project page on the CPAN , dependency tracking , and a very reasonable chance of installing correctly ( or at least strong community pressure to figure out why it does n't and to fix it ) .
I know that when I write about Text : : AutoFormat , to choose a random module name I had n't thought of until halfway through this sentence , I can link to search .
cpan.org and you can click through to read its documentation and a synopsis of its purpose and example code will be right there .
That 's valuable .
That 's useful .
I would n't trade those loose standards for anything .
Even so , community standards — even ad hoc customs and conventions — are not free .
Uploading to the CPAN means understanding how to build a distribution .
Some people use h2xs .
Some people use Module : : Starter .
I 've grown enamored of Dist : : Zilla ( and see rjbs 's Managing Distributions with Dist : : Zilla for good advice on how to migrate to Dzil ) .
You get to decide whether you use ExtUtils : : MakeMaker or Module : : Build or Module : : Install .
You get to learn all about CPANTS and rt.cpan.org and META.yml .
You ask for a PAUSE account and understand what that means .
You wait nervously for a group of Perl superheroes to judge you worthy and acknowledge that that silly little idea you had is worthy to go into the mythical powerful CPAN ... and it happens and you wait for other Perl gurus to critique and criticize you or other normal Perl programmers to send you patches or test failure reports or .....
All of this only happens if you go through the work of learning that you have to learn all of this and if you decide that the nervousness is worth it .
( It is . )
As a reward , if you keep with it , you 'll discover that all of these conventions are merely conventions , that you can upload almost anything to the CPAN that is n't malicious and it'll stick around , and that the real conventions , at their inescapable core , are few .
You do n't have to take a side in the CPAN toolchain argument , or even know that it exists .
You do n't have to stick with the standard approach to documenting your code , or writing your tests , or marking your dependencies .
You do n't have to follow advice about namespaces and top - level namespaces and namespace registration .
You should , but none of that is essential .
( You learn that from experience , not the documentation . )
It 's not essential , but you still have to crawl up that learning curve to the point of minimal productivity .
Good Perl programmers have automated away a lot of that complexity , but not the complexity of the initial understanding .
There 's no single good default tool which lets you create a module for the CPAN without worrying about some of this complexity .
Maybe it 's not possible to remove all of that complexity .
Maybe it should n't be .
Yet I wonder : if it 's possible to create a minimal CPAN client that almost always does the right thing without configuration , is it possible to create a tool to create distributions without configuration ?
You do n't have to use this tool to create distributions you upload to the CPAN , of course .
Yet if the best way to manage modern Perl 5 code is with the tools of the CPAN ecosystem ( and it is ) , we should make it easier to manage DarkPAN code in the same way .
( We call it DarkPAN for a reason . )
What if we could point novices to a single utility with minimal configuration which helped them build distributions with dependency tracking , documentation , testability , installability , indexability , and everything necessary to go to the CPAN or their local CPAN mirrors ?
What if these defaults fit the unwritten community standards in such a way that doing the right thing is much easier than not doing it — so easy that they do n't even have to read about the various standards and their evolution and controversies ?
People will put up with a lot if doing the necessary thing is easy .
How can we encourage that ?
' Bomb pulse ' in grapes harvested since atmospheric tests can be dated to within a year
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday 24 March 2010
This article about traces of radioactive carbon being found in wine said that the last atmospheric atomic bomb tests took place in the 1960s .
That is true of American nuclear tests , but France carried on testing in the atmosphere until 1974 and China until 1980 .
A trace of Bikini atoll could join hints of black cherry and complex citrus notes in the sommelier 's lexicon for describing fine wines , research has suggested .
Harmless amounts of radioactive carbon have been found in wines made from grapes harvested since the last atmospheric atomic bomb tests were carried out in the 1960s .
But the " bomb pulse " of radioactive carbon lingering in the alcohol of wines produced since could be a good thing for wine dealers and collectors .
Scientists have been able to pinpoint a wine 's vintage to within a year by analysing the levels of radioactive carbon in the wine , a technique they say could help detect fraudulent attempts to repackage cheap plonk as a high - end tipple .
Last month , a group of French wine dealers were charged with conning leading US winery E&J Gallo into buying 18 m bottles of plonk repackaged as pinot noir .
Some experts claim that around 5 % of fine wines currently being sold are faked , either by being diluted with cheaper wines or sold under false labels .
The fraud is driven by the extraordinary prices commanded by top-quality wines .
A case of Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1982 – which cost £ 2,613 in 2000 – sold for more than £ 25,000 last year .
" The problem goes beyond ordinary consumers being overcharged for a bottle of expensive wine from a famous winery with a great year listed on the label , " said Graham Jones , of the University of Adelaide .
" Connoisseurs collect vintage wines and prices have soared with investment wines selling for hundreds of thousands of dollars at auction . "
The wine industry has introduced special seals and labels in an attempt to frustrate fraudsters , but Jones believes analysing a wine 's bomb pulse may give people more confidence that they have not been conned .
Almost all the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere contains the stable carbon - 12 form of the element .
Each atom of carbon - 12 has six neutrons and six protons in its nucleus .
But atmospheric atomic bomb tests , which ended in 1963 , released vast amounts of radioactive carbon - 14 into the air .
A carbon - 14 atom has two extra neutrons .
When grapes grow on the vine , they absorb carbon dioxide , which contains both stable carbon and traces of radioactive carbon - 14 left over from bomb tests , from the air .
As time goes by , carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel burning dilutes the amount of carbon - 14 in the atmosphere .
Speaking at the American Chemical Society annual meeting in San Francisco today , Jones said his team had been able to date wines by measuring the relative amounts of carbon - 12 and carbon - 14 in the alcohol produced from the grapes .
" The year that the grapes were grown fixes the age or vintage of the wine , " he added .
The scientists analysed 20 Australian reds with vintages from 1958 to 1997 and compared their levels of radioactivity with calibrated sources of radiation .
WASHINGTON , March 21 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Democratic Representative Bart Stupak , who opposes abortion , will vote for healthcare legislation later on Sunday , in a move that could help pave the way for passage of the bill , MSNBC reported .
Stupak and a small number of other anti-abortion Democrats had threatened to vote against the legislation out of concerns that it would allow federal funding of abortions .
Democrats need 216 votes needed to pass the bill over unified Republican opposition in the House .
( Reporting by Susan Heavey , editing by Anthony Boadle )
ROMANIA : A Romanian teacher accused of abusing children gets investigated by the cops , but slaps one when he confronts her about the allegations .
Clearly , passing this health - care bill is just the beginning , because it does n't really contain strong regulatory powers .
It was pulled under reconciliation rules , and Obama reportedly will try to introduce it later :
WASHINGTON -- A Democratic plan for new federal power over health insurance rates was dropped Thursday from the final health care bill , squeezed out by the way the Democrats are pushing the bill through Congress .
Rolled out with fanfare just weeks ago , the Democratic plan was a response to double - digit rate increases proposed by health insurance companies in California and elsewhere .
It was first proposed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , then picked up by President Barack Obama .
It would have given the federal government the power to reject proposed rate increases .
It also would have allowed the secretary of health and human services to order insurance companies to give back part of premiums if the government decided that the companies spent too much of their incomes on salaries or advertising .
Broward 's justice system is apparently doing their part to keep old people off of the roads in South Florida .
Only next time , they might want to get their facts straight .
Police arrested 78 - year - old Gabrielle Shaink Trudeau in November for driving with a suspended license and the grandmother was jailed for more than two weeks before someone figured out her license was n’t suspended after all , according to the BrowardBulldog.org .
Trudeau was released at the behest of a Broward County judge who did n’t mince words about who really deserved to be shackled .
“ I want her released .
I think she 's suffered enough at our system 's mistakes , " Circuit Judge Lee Seidman wrote in his court order .
The problem for poor Trudeau was , well , she ’s poor .
She had no one to represent her in court and the Public Defender ’s Office failed to appear at her arraignment , which may have solved the problem immediately .
“ We fell down and we fell down badly , " Broward Public Defender Howard Finkelstein told BrowardBulldog .
Trudeau ’s problems with the law started after she was pulled over a few months earlier by police for driving her car too slowly .
That caused the DMV to question her ability to drive .
The grandma ’s license was revoked pending a review of her skills .
Then , after receiving a notice in the mail saying that her driving privileges had been restored , Broward Sheriff ’s Office showed up at her door with a warrant for Trudeau ’s arrest .
Apparently they did n’t get the memo .
“ They came on real strong , like I had killed somebody or something , " Trudeau said .
" There were neighbors all around .
They put handcuffs on me .
It was very embarrassing . "
Trudeau had to spend Thanksgiving in jail instead of with her family .
Prosecutors have dropped the charges against her and offered an apology .
“ Do n’t cut Medicare .
The reform bills passed by the House and Senate cut Medicare by approximately $ 500 billion .
This is wrong . ”
So declared Newt Gingrich , the former speaker of the House , in a recent op - ed article written with John Goodman , the president of the National Center for Policy Analysis .
And irony died .
Now , Mr. Gingrich was just repeating the current party line .
Furious denunciations of any effort to seek cost savings in Medicare  death panels !
 have been central to Republican efforts to demonize health reform .
What ’s amazing , however , is that they ’re getting away with it .
Why is this amazing ?
It ’s not just the fact that Republicans are now posing as staunch defenders of a program they have hated ever since the days when Ronald Reagan warned that Medicare would destroy America ’s freedom .
Nor is it even the fact that , as House speaker , Mr. Gingrich personally tried to ram through deep cuts in Medicare  and , in 1995 , went so far as to shut down the federal government in an attempt to bully Bill Clinton into accepting those cuts .
After all , you could explain this about - face by supposing that Republicans have had a change of heart , that they have finally realized just how much good Medicare does .
And if you believe that , I ’ve got some mortgage - backed securities you might want to buy .
People find themselves in difficult financial circumstances for a variety of reasons .
No matter how you got into your situation , what you need now is guidance and help to get yourself out of it .
When your finances are in a state of emergency and you are facing the possibility of bankruptcy , having an experienced bankruptcy attorney by your side can make the process much easier .
At the Law Offices of Michael H. Johnson , P.A. , you will receive knowledgeable direction from a skilled legal professional who can help you learn all about your options in the bankruptcy filing process — as well as whether Chapter 7 ( asset liquidation ) or Chapter 13 ( establishment of a payment plan ) is the best choice for you to make to resolve your unique situation .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. employers cut fewer jobs than expected during snow - battered February and the unemployment rate held steady at 9.7 percent , bolstering views the economy was on the brink of creating jobs .
President Barack Obama , whose approval ratings have dropped partly because of high unemployment , said the figures showed measures his administration took to boost the economy were working but that unemployment was still too high .
Nonfarm payrolls fell 36,000 , the Labor Department said on Friday , adding it was unclear how the severe snowstorms that hit much of the country last month had affected employment .
Financial markets had expected payrolls to drop 50,000 in February and the unemployment rate to edge up to 9.8 percent .
“ If we did not have bad weather , then this number would have been solidly positive .
It tells me the economy and the jobs market have evolved to the point where we are now ready to produce jobs , ” said Phil Orlando , chief equity market strategist at Federated Investors in New York .
Not only were February ’s job losses lighter than had been expected , layoffs in the prior two months were 35,000 less than previously reported .
Stocks rallied as the data allayed fears of a labor market setback that had been fanned by a string of reports showing an increase in new claims for jobless benefits .
Both the Dow Jones industrial and the Standard & Poor ’s 500 index closed at their highest levels in six weeks .
Prices for U.S. government debt tumbled , while the dollar soared versus the yen .
In the wake of the report , U.S. short - term interest rates showed investors thought the Federal Reserve , which has vowed to keep borrowing costs ultra low for an “ extended period , ” could raise its benchmark rate from its current zero to 0.25 percent range by November .
“ The emergency interest rate level is no longer warranted either for the markets or the economy , ” said Chris Rupkey , an economist at Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi in New York .
He said he expects the Fed to drop its low - rate promise at its next meeting on March 16 .
Most big banks that do business with the U.S. central bank believe it will raise the benchmark rate this year and the unemployment rate has already peaked , a Reuters poll showed .
BAD WEATHER A FACTOR
Since the economy fell into recession in December 2007 , 8.4 million jobs have been lost .
Job growth is crucial to sustain the recovery , which started in the second half of last year .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Confidence in the labor market ’s prospects is starting to filter through to households .
Consumer credit increased in January for the first time in a year .
Obama and fellow Democrats worry voter anger could cost them in November congressional elections if progress is not made in putting Americans back to work .
“ I ’m not going to rest , and my administration is not going to rest , in our efforts to help people who are looking to find a job , ” Obama said on Friday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
According to the Labor Department , bad weather kept about 1.03 million workers home at some point last month compared to only 259,000 in January .
This was the highest since January 1996 , when the country was also slammed by blizzards .
While the winter storms might have affected its employment count , it was difficult to quantify the impact , the Labor Department said .
Not every business closure or temporary worker absence causes a drop in employment , because workers are counted as employed if they received any pay during the survey period for the department ’s job count , even if for just an hour .
Moreover , it was unclear how many workers may have been added to payrolls in February for snow removal or repairs related to the storms , it said .
Still , economists drawing parallels with the events in 1996 expect a big jump in March payrolls .
Payrolls in January 1996 fell by 19,000 and rebounded by 434,000 in February .
The weather effects last month were likely felt in the construction sector , where employment fell by 64,000 jobs after declining by 77,000 in January .
Manufacturing jobs increased 1,000 , less than the 20,000 gained in January .
Temporary hiring , seen as a precursor to increases in payroll employment , increased 48,000 last month .
Employers have added temporary help for five straight months after nearly two years of monthly declines .
Half of the job losses last month came from government workers , but that category is expected to see huge gains in the coming months as more workers are hired for the once - a- decade U.S. census .
In February , 15,000 temporary census workers were hired .
While the labor market is gradually improving , obstacles still remain .
A broad measure of unemployment that includes the number of workers marginally attached to the labor force and those working part time for economic reasons rose to 16.8 percent from January ’s 16.5 percent .
About four in 10 unemployed workers in February had been out of a job for 27 weeks or more .
“ It is entirely probable that the unemployment rate will move higher later this year as confidence in a modest recovery takes hold and individuals look to find employment , ” said Joseph Brusuelas , head of Brusuelas Analytics in Stamford , Connecticut .
Our first clue came from Chuck :
I just walked by a door marked Grizzled Wizard on 45th between the UPS store and the Erotic Bakery .
I did a bit of Google sleuthing and found a liquor license application by Savoy Foods and Joseph L. Couden .
But my investigative abilities end there .
Since you ’re a guy in the know , or at least a guy who knows guys in the know , would you be able to find out any more info ?
Always up to the challenge , we checked Everyblock and found little more than Chuck was able to discover :
Location 2317 N. 45th St .
Application date January 19 , 2010
Applicant SAVOY FOODS , LLC ; COUDEN , JOSEPH L
License number 083856
Event type New application
License types Restaurant / lounge — spirits , beer and wine ( Less than 50 percent dedicated dining )
Action type New liquor license application
Fine , we grabbed the license number and tried a public records request .
The response :
Thank you for your public records request .
Please see the information below : Trade Name : The Grizzled Wizard
Privilege Type : Spirits / Beer / Wine Restaurant Lounge
Location Address : 2317 - A N 45th Street , Seattle , WA , 98103-6905
Daytime phone : 206-849-0062
Licensee : 359591
Pending Licensee : Savoy Foods
Pending people for license : Joseph Couden
This is a pending application .
When the license is active , the application documents will be available for a public records request .
You may submit another public records request at that time .
You might want to call our office first , to ask if the license is active .
This closes your public records request .
If you have any questions , please call or email me .
Not much more to go on , but at least a phone number !
But before we had a chance to call the number , ’round about 10 pm , we saw this come across Twitter :
At my bandmate ’s new bar in Wallingford ( the Grizzled Wizard ) .
We ’re listening to doom metal and watching ‘ Day of the Dead ’ .
Totes rad .
Saddle up the horses , boys , we ’ve got some riding to do !
Baby Z safely in bed , we grabbed our metaphorical hat and headed up to the 45th to get the scoop .
Behold , The Grizzled Wizard :
Yes , indeed , that odd little bar next to the Erotic Bakery has re-opened under a new owner , Joe Couden and his friend and bar manager , Kendall McCormick .
Friends of the owner of the old bar ( which has been closed for three months , and whose name we did not collect , and which was never posted on the outside ) , they got their liquor license earlier today and rushed to open .
With the benefit of a coterie of loyal friends and customers from the establishment ’s previous incarnation ( and a St. Paddy ’s Day opening night ) , they were already doing business at a fair clip .
The plan , in case you ’re wondering , is to operate a simple , neighborhood bar .
When the Seahawks are playing , expect the music to be down and the TV ’s on .
Come the weekends , your basic blow - out .
There ’s food available now , but just your basic obey - the - letter - of - the - law TV dinners .
The operators , both veterans of Fremont ’s Swingside Cafe , suggested that maybe down the line , the offerings might expand .
The darts and video games are free .
The drinks are generous , and the atmosphere is boisterous .
In the process of our investigation , we happened to pull up a bar stool next to a Flash , a long - time Wallyhood reader and commenter who we ’d never met in the flesh .
He informed us that , in the no-bullshit manner to which we ’ve become accustomed in his comments , while he liked Wallyhood , we had “ too much kid stuff ” .
OK , granted .
But there we are , out at night , in a bar , Baby Z safely home asleep .
Give us some credit , right ?
The 24th annual Tough Guy Challenge took place last weekend , on Sunday , January 31st , on South Perton Farm , near Wolverhampton , England .
Despite being billed as " the safest most dangerous taste of physical and mental endurance pain in the world " , this year 's race still attracted over 5,000 men and women - all of them signing a disclaimer saying " It 's my own bloody fault for being here " .
About 600 racers did not complete the course this year - the winner being Paul Jones of Oswestry , England , completing the course in one hour 18 minutes .
The Challenge is annual event to raise cash for charity with funds going to the Mr. Mouse Farm for Unfortunates .
Special thanks today to photographer Mike King , who was kind enough to share 16 of his great photographs of the 2010 Tough Guy Challenge below .
( 31 photos total
Revelations that more conservation land will be mined , whatever the outcome of public consultation , have drawn vehement opposition from environmental groups , who say conservation land is about to be destroyed .
The Government is planning to consult the public over opening up more land for mining , but Prime Minister John Key signalled to Parliament yesterday that there would be significant changes to which areas are protected .
Schedule 4 of the Crown Minerals
Act protects about a third of the conservation estate from mining because of its conservation value .
That equates to 13 per cent of New Zealand 's land mass .
It is expected that the Government will seek consultation this month on removing land in Coromandel and the Mt Aspiring , Kahurangi , Fiordland and Paparoa national parks from Schedule 4 .
Green Party co-leader Russel Norman said it appeared Mr Key had already decided the outcome of the public consultation process , before the public had been given an opportunity to see what was being considered .
" Clearly he is proposing an unlawful process . "
The result would be that some of the most important ecological land would be destroyed , causing irreparable damage to New Zealand 's green image and tourism industry .
In his speech , Mr Key said a conservation fund would be established through royalties from mining revenue , but Dr Norman pointed out that the plan was illogical .
" We have to destroy the environment in order to protect it . "
Forest and Bird Advocacy manager Kevin Hackwell said the conservation fund was " public relations fluff " .
Any mining company should already be doing everything it could to repair any damage it did to land .
Although Mr Key had previously said modern " surgical " mining techniques meant that mining operations no longer had to have a major environmental impact , Mr Hackwell rejected this .
" It 's a chainsaw massacre .
The days of making a small hole are long gone .
Mining is about huge , huge holes in the ground . "
Land protected under Schedule 4 cannot currently be used for opencast mining , but Mr Hackwell said once this changed , conservation land would be left with massive scars where mountains and hilltops had been removed to get at coal .
North Island land at risk through changes to Schedule 4 included parts of the Coromandel Peninsula containing gold deposits and heavy metals , and the West Coast of the North Island between Raglan and New Plymouth containing ironsand .
In the South Island , copper and zinc deposits were thought to exist under Kahurangi National Park , while the West side of the Paparoa National Park contained coal .
Other areas in the West Coast had gold deposits and heavy metals .
Further south , the Waitutu forest in Fiordland was thought to contain gold and gas deposits .
Greenpeace political adviser Geoff Keey said Mr Key 's announcements could generate a " civil disobedience " backlash from activists , and would adversely affect tourism .
Tourism Industry Association chief executive Tim Cossar said he was reassured by Mr Key 's comments that any new mines would have to meet strict environmental tests , but was watching the issue closely .
Minerals Industry Association chief executive Doug Gordon supported the establishment of a conservation fund .
" When we 're talking about mining minerals from the mineral estate which is below the conservation estate it makes sense . "
He said there was " no way " the minerals industry wanted to lose the trust of New Zealanders , but it would be beneficial to be able to access more areas for exploration .
Jarvis Tyner
Jarvis
Tyner is former executive vice chair of the Communist Party USA and a long - time member of the party 's national board .
He was a founding member of the Black Radical Congress and served on its national coordinating committee for five years .
Tyner joined the Communist Party USA at the age of 20 .
After several years working in various industrial jobs in the Philadelphia area , where he was a member of the Amalgamated Lithographers and the Teamsters union , he moved to New York in 1967 to become the national chair of the DuBois Clubs of America , and later founding chair of the Young Workers Liberation League .
He was the Communist Party USA candidate for vice president of the U.S. in 1972 and 1976 , running with party leader Gus Hall .
Tyner has been an active public spokesperson against racism , imperialism and war .
He has written numerous articles and pamphlets and appeared on the media , campuses and in other public venues advocating for peace , equality and the socialist alternative .
WASHINGTON , Feb 12 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. high - powered airborne laser weapon shot down a ballistic missile in the first successful test of a futuristic directed energy weapon , the U.S. Missile Defense Agency said on Friday .
The agency said in a statement the test took place at 8:44 p.m. PST ( 11:44 p.m. EST ) on Thursday / 0444 GMT on Friday ) at Point Mugu ’s Naval Air Warfare Center - Weapons Division Sea Range off Ventura in central California .
“ The Missile Defense Agency demonstrated the potential use of directed energy to defend against ballistic missiles when the Airborne Laser Testbed ( ALTB ) successfully destroyed a boosting ballistic missile ” the agency said .
The high - powered Airborne Laser system is being developed by Boeing Co. , BA.N the prime contractor , and the U.S. Missile Defense Agency .
Boeing produces the airframe , a modified 747 jumbo jet , while Northrop Grumman NOC.N supplies the higher - energy laser and Lockheed Martin LMT.N is developing the beam and fire control systems .
“ This was the first directed energy lethal intercept demonstration against a liquid - fuel boosting ballistic missile target from an airborne platform , ” the agency added .
The airborne laser weapon successfully underwent its first in - flight test against a target missile back in August .
During that test , Boeing said the modified 747-400 F aircraft took off from Edwards Air Force Base and used its infrared sensors to find a target missile launched from San Nicolas Island , California .
The plane ’s battle management system issued engagement and target location instructions to the laser ’s fire control system , which tracked the target and fired a test laser at the missile .
Instruments on the missile verified the system had hit its mark , Boeing said .
The airborne laser weapon is aimed at deterring enemy missile attacks and providing the U.S. military with the ability to engage all classes of ballistic missiles at the speed of light while they are in the boost phase of flight .
“ The revolutionary use of directed energy is very attractive for missile defense , with the potential to attack multiple targets at the speed of light , at a range of hundreds of kilometers ( miles ) , and at a low cost per intercept attempt compared to current technologies , ” the U.S. Missile Defense Agency said .
Summary
We tuned in to watch the president ’s health care summit at Blair House today — all six - plus hours of it .
And we were n’t surprised to hear some factual missteps in the discussion :
Sen . Lamar Alexander said premiums will go up for “ millions ” under the Senate bill and president ’s plan , while President Barack Obama said families buying the same coverage they have now would pay much less .
Both were misleading .
The Congressional Budget Office said premiums for those in the group market would n’t change significantly , while the average premium for those who buy their own coverage would go up .
Alexander also said “ 50 percent of doctors wo n’t see new [ Medicaid ] patients . ”
But a 2008 survey says only 28 percent refuse to take any new Medicaid patients .
Sen .
Harry Reid cited a poll that said 58 percent would be “ angry or disappointed ” if health care overhaul does n’t pass .
True , but respondents in the poll were also split 43 - 43 on whether they supported the legislation that is currently being proposed .
Obama repeated an inflated claim we ’ve covered before .
He said insured families pay about $ 1,000 a year in their premiums to cover costs for the uninsured .
That ’s a disputed figure from an advocacy group .
Other researchers put the figure at about $ 200 .
Sen .
Tom Coburn said “ the government is responsible for 60 percent ” of U.S. health spending .
But that dubious figure includes lost tax revenue due to charitable contributions to hospitals and other questionable items .
The real figure is about 47 percent .
Reid said “ since 1981 reconciliation has been used 21 times .
Most of it has been used by Republicans . ”
That ’s true : GOP senators have used it 15 of the 21 times for legislation they wanted .
Rep. Charles Boustany said the main GOP - backed bill would reduce premium costs by “ up to about 10 percent . ”
According to CBO , that ’s true for the small group market , which accounts for only 15 percent of premiums .
But premiums in the large group market would stay the same or go down by as much as 3 percent .
Analysis
Democrats and Republicans met with the president at Blair House Feb. 25 for several hours of televised discussion about health care overhaul .
The summit was ripe with errors and misleading remarks .
Premium Costs , Up or Down ?
Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and President Barack Obama disagreed about how the Democrats ’ health care overhaul efforts would affect premium costs .
It all started with Alexander ’s remarks , when he said the president ’s proposal , much like the Senate bill on which it is largely based , would increase premiums :
Alexander : For millions of Americans , premiums will go up because those — when people pay those new taxes , premiums will go up — they will also go up because of the government mandates .
Later , Obama took on that claim directly , saying that Alexander was wrong .
Obama :
No , no , no .
And this is an example of where we ’ve got to get our facts straight .
…
So let me respond to what you just [ said ]
Lamar , because it ’s not factually accurate .
Here ’s what the Congressional Budget Office says .
The costs for families for the same type of coverage as they ’re currently receiving would go down 14 to 20 percent .
Actually , both men were misleading .
What CBO said ( see Table 1 ) is that for those who are in group policies , there would be no significant change in premiums , compared with what would be paid under current law .
For those in large groups , there would be somewhere between no change at all and a 3 percent decrease in premium cost .
For small groups , the change could fall between a 1 percent increase and a 2 percent decrease .
The only significant increases would be seen by those who buy their policies individually , CBO said .
For those persons , the average premium per person would be between 10 percent and 13 percent higher .
Alexander was technically correct when he said premiums would go up " for millions . "
CBO figured that 32 million persons would fall into the nongroup market by 2016 , should the Senate bill become law .
What he did n’t mention is that they would make up only 17 percent of workers covered by private insurance .
And he did n’t mention these costs would go up because benefits would improve in the nongroup market .
The senator was correct when he cited " mandates " as one cause for the increase – but that ’s not the only reason premiums go up .
The bill would require plans to have a standard level of benefits .
However , most of those buying their own coverage would receive subsidies that would prompt them to buy more expensive plans than they normally would .
CBO said " the average insurance policy in this market would cover a substantially larger share of enrollees ’ costs for health care ( on average ) and a slightly wider range of benefits . "
People would basically use money from the government to buy themselves a nicer plan than they would if they were only using their own money .
CBO said well over half of those buying individual policies — 57 percent — would get government subsidies " that would reduce their costs well below the premiums that would be charged for such policies under current law . "
But Obama also misled when he claimed that the costs for " families " would go down by 14 to 20 percent " for the same type of coverage as they ’re currently receiving . "
For one thing , he was referring only to policies purchased directly by individuals — not to all families .
And as we ’ve seen , the bill generally would require more generous coverage than is currently provided , at higher cost .
Overall , premiums in the individual market would go up , not down .
Some in the nongroup market might choose to keep their current policy , with no changes .
The legislation would permit that for a few years .
But CBO said those " grandfathered " policies probably would not see a substantial change in their premium costs , relative to current law .
One last point : Alexander said “ taxes ” would also cause premium costs to go up – but that ’s not really the case , according to CBO .
Paradoxically , CBO predicts that the Senate bill ’s excise tax on high - cost health plans would actually bring premium costs down .
That ’s because the tax would induce employers and employees to choose lower - cost plans with less coverage , to avoid being hit by the tax .
CBO said the average premium for those affected by the tax would be 9 percent to 12 percent lower .
The bill also includes some taxes on medical device manufacturers and drug importers ; CBO found those taxes would have a less than 1 percent effect on premium costs .
Medicaid Naysayers ?
Sen .
Alexander noted that Obama ’s proposal , like the Senate - passed bill , relies to a great extent on Medicaid — which he said " none of us would want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors wo n’t see new patients . "
That claim was echoed by GOP Sen .
Charles Grassley of Iowa , who said " Doctors do n’t take Medicaid . "
But according to a 2008 survey of 4,700 physicians by the Center for Studying Health System Change , nationwide only 28 percent of physicians wo n’t accept any new patients who are insured by Medicaid .
HSC , which is funded in part by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and is affiliated with Mathematica Policy Research Inc. , also found that 19.2 percent accept some new Medicaid patients , while 53 percent accept most or all of them .
Poll - Watchers
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada cited a Kaiser Family Foundation poll from this month showing that 58 percent of people would be " angry or disappointed " if health care legislation does n’t pass .
Reid :
It was interesting what that poll said : 58 percent of Americans would be disappointed or angry if we did not do health care reform this year — 58 percent .
Reid is correct , as far as he goes .
When asked how they would feel " if Congress decides to STOP work on health care reform and does n’t pass a law this year , " 38 percent said they would be " disappointed " and another 20 percent would be " angry " — a total of 58 percent .
But the same poll also showed that only 32 percent supported passing a comprehensive health care bill right away , while another 41 percent wanted to put it on hold until later in the year or indefinitely , and 20 percent wanted to give up on comprehensive change for the moment and pass only key provisions .
And regarding the health care legislation currently being proposed , only 43 percent supported it , while 43 percent opposed it .
Meanwhile Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said a majority of Americans are against the health care overhaul as it has been framed thus far :
McConnell :
If you average all the polls , the American people are opposed , 55 to 37 .
He ’s reasonably close .
Pollster.com puts the weighted average of current polls on the subject at 51.4 percent opposed and 41.9 percent in favor .
Those polls ask the question a number of different ways : about the Senate plan , the House plan , Obama ’s proposals and earlier iterations of all of those .
McConnell ’s figures also are in the neighborhood of what some recent major polls have found .
A Jan. 22 - 24 survey by CNN found 38 percent favor and 58 percent oppose the bills passed by Congress .
A Quinnipiac poll done earlier in January came up with 34 percent who " mostly approve , " while 54 percent " mostly disapprove . "
And National Public Radio ’s poll released Jan. 26 asked about Obama ’s proposal specifically , finding that 39 percent approved , while 55 percent disapproved .
Obama ’s Inflated Claim
Obama said that families with insurance pay $ 1,000 to $ 1,100 a year as part of their premiums to cover the cost of health care for the uninsured .
We ’ve dinged him on that inflated claim before .
The president got the figure from the health care advocacy group Families USA , which calculated it by dividing " uncompensated care " — the proportion of care given to the uninsured that ’s not covered out of pocket or by public or private funds — by the number of insured households .
But that ’s not a fair calculation .
Researchers from the Urban Institute looked at Families USA ’s conclusions and questioned its premise that all or even most of uncompensated costs are shifted directly to the privately insured .
In fact , Urban Institute researchers found that only $ 8 billion of uncompensated costs would be paid for by the insured in 2008 — about $ 200 per family .
The rest is taken care of by other sources , such as government programs that reimburse physicians for uncompensated care , or physicians who take smaller profits .
Coburn ’s Cost Comments
During his remarks , Sen .
Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said that " the government is responsible for 60 percent of the country ’s health spending . "
It ’s a statistic he ’s touted before .
But it ’s a misleading claim that includes tax revenue lost to the government because of charitable contributions to hospitals and other calculations not normally included in the figure for public spending on health care .
The Congressional Research Service has found that , " in 2007 , national expenditures amounted to $ 2.24 trillion , of which 53.8 % came from private sources such as private health insurance and 46.8 % came from public ( federal , state , and local government ) sources . "
So what is Coburn talking about ?
Coburn asked CRS to consider the effects of tax subsides on overall health care spending by government .
As the agency succinctly summarizes :
CRS : Take a dollar an employer pays for a premium for an employee ’s health insurance .
This dollar is part of the employee ’s compensation , but it is not taxed like other income ( at an average federal , state and local tax rate of 15 % ) ; it is excluded from income for income tax purposes .
In essence , the employee receives a 15 cent government subsidy for this dollar spent on health insurance — the government pays 15 cents and the employee pays 85 cents .
However , CRS explains in a footnote that " most economists agree that the costs of employer provided fringe benefits are passed on to employees , " not governments .
Nonetheless , CRS crunched the numbers for Coburn and calculated that " public sources " account for 60 percent of health care spending if you consider these tax subsides to employees with health insurance , individuals ’ deductions for out - of - pocket medical expenditures , and even private " charitable contributions to hospitals and other providers . "
Reconciliation
Reid said Democrats were not pushing the idea of using " reconciliation , " a legal maneuver that would allow health care to pass by a simple majority without filibuster .
But he said Republicans had used it more often than Democrats .
Reid :
But remember , since 1981 reconciliation has been used 21 times .
Most of it has been used by Republicans , for major things , like much of the Contract for America , Medicare reform , the tax cuts for rich people in America .
So reconciliation is n’t something that ’s never been done before .
Scholars from the Brookings Institution and American Enterprise Institute agree .
In an article published in The New Republic magazine , Thomas Mann and Molly Reynolds of Brookings and Norman Ornstein of AEI cited 22 instances of reconciliation between 1980 and 2008 , including the Personal Responsibility Act , which made changes to welfare ; Bush ’s two big tax cuts ; and the 2005 Deficit Reduction Act , which made changes to Medicare and Medicaid .
Three reconciliation bills , all written by Republican majorities , were vetoed by President Clinton .
Of those remaining , 13 were used by Republican - majority Senates and six by Democratic majorities .
The authors wrote that passing health care legislation in this fashion would fit a pattern going back three decades .
Update , March 2 : We originally wrote that the Mann , Reynolds and Ornstein article said using reconciliation to pass a health care overhaul would be the " most ambitious " use of the process to date .
Since then , Mann , the lead author , told us that this characterization does n’t apply to the current situation .
" We argued last year that reconciliation legitimately could be used for health reform , but that it would be ambitious , difficult and partial , given the constraints of the process , " Mann told us .
" Its much more limited use this year , adding amendments after the bill itself has passed following a successful cloture vote , is very modest and unquestionably legitimate . "
More Premium Cost Claims
Republican Rep. Charles Boustany of Louisiana claimed that the House GOP health care bill would bring down health insurance premiums :
Boustany :
We put forth a plan earlier in the year , during the debate , that actually the Congressional Budget Office showed that it brings down the cost of premiums up to about 10 percent .
And , actually , for individuals seeking — and families seeking insurance in the individual market , those cost savings could even be higher .
It ’s true that the CBO found that health care premiums for those in the small group market would decrease between 7 percent and 10 percent by 2016 .
But the small group market accounts for just 15 percent of premiums , according to the CBO .
It estimated smaller drops for other segments of the private market .
For example , premiums in the individual market , which accounts for just 5 percent of the private market , would go down between 5 percent and 8 percent , CBO said .
The other 80 percent of premiums , which make up the large group market , may go down by as much as 3 percent , CBO said , but may actually stay the same as under current law .
- by Brooks Jackson , Viveca Novak , Lori Robertson , Justin Bank , D’Angelo Gore and Jess Henig
Sources
Congressional Budget Office .
Letter to Sen. Evan Bayh . 30 Nov 2009 .
Hadley , Jack et al .
" Covering the Uninsured in 2008 : A Detailed Examination of Current Costs and Sources of Payment , and Incremental Costs of Expanding Coverage . "
Kaiser Commission on Medicaid and the Uninsured .
Aug. 2008 .
Families USA .
" Hidden Health Tax : Americans Pay a Premium . "
May 2009 .
HSC 2008 Health Tracking Physician Survey .
Center for Studying Health System Change .
September 2009 .
Kaiser Health Tracking Poll . Kaiser Family Foundation .
February 1010 .
Health Care Plan : Favor / Oppose .
Pollster.com .
Web site accessed 25 Feb 2010 .
Letter to Senator Tom Coburn .
Congressional Research Service .
1 Dec 2009 .
CNN Opinion Research Poll. CNN. 26 Jan 2010 .
" U.S. Voters Say Sacrifice Modesty , Rights For Security , Quinnipiac University National Poll Finds ; Support For Health Reform At 34 Percent . "
Quinnipiac University .
14 Jan 2010 .
Coburn , Tom , " New CRS Report Shows Government Already Controls 60 percent of Health Care in the U.S. , " Press Release .
4 Dec 2009 .
Hungerford , Thomas L. , " Public and Private Expenditures for Health Care , 2007 , " Congressional Research Service .
1 Dec 2009 .
Congressional Budget Office .
Letter to John Boehner .
4 Nov 2009 .
Cost is a big factor in producing thin - film solar cells .
Two big expenses in producing them is the materials and process used .
International Business Machines Corporation states that it has solutions to both of these expensive roadblocks to making low - cost , renewable solar cells , while increasing their efficiency .
x
( 1- x )
2
Students at Sydney University 's elite residential colleges are running a secret computer network for sharing pornography and pirated movies and music .
And despite changes to disciplinary procedures promised after last year 's '' pro-rape ' '
Facebook site scandal at St Paul 's College , the university is still unable , under its code of conduct , to discipline students living in the colleges .
Student 's at St Paul 's and other colleges cannot be disciplined by Sydney University .
The ' ' peer to peer ' ' file - sharing network , set up by students , is operated using the intranet provided by the colleges and allows students to download data directly from one another .
The Sun-Herald understands there are thousands of hours of movies , porn and music being shared .
As well as X - rated material , students say that almost every movie released in the past three years was made freely available , as well as episodes of popular US TV shows like Gossip Girl that have not yet aired in Australia .
The Georgia analysis looked at 2009 test results from more than 125,000 students taking the state ’s Criterion - Referenced Competency Test , given in first through eighth grades in reading , language and math .
The test is used primarily to measure school progress under the federal No Child Left Behind law .
Students in some grades must pass the test before they can be promoted .
Image Kathleen B. Mathers 's agency conducted the statewide inquiry .
Credit ... Elissa Eubanks / Atlanta Journal - Constitution
Principals and teachers are under intense pressure to improve scores .
If schools fail under No Child Left Behind , they are placed in a “ needs improvement ” category and must offer extra tutoring and allow parents to transfer their children to higher performing schools .
The erasure analysis used the same scanners that score tests to count the erasures in which answers were changed from wrong to right .
“ It ’s not any sort of crazy technology , ” Ms. Mathers said .
“ You just beef up the scanner so it can read varying degrees of gray scale . ”
The study determined the average number of wrong - to - right erasures statewide for each grade and subject , and flagged any classroom with an unusually high number .
For example , in fourth - grade math , students on average changed 1.8 answers from wrong to right , while one classroom that was flagged as suspicious had more than 6 such changes per student .
Four percent of schools were placed in the “ severe concern ” category , which meant that 25 percent or more of a school ’s classes were flagged .
Six percent were in the “ moderate concern ” category , which meant that 11 percent to 25 percent of its classes were flagged , and 10 percent raised “ minimal concern , ” meaning 6 percent to 10 percent of its classes were flagged .
At 27 schools , 21 of which were in the Atlanta district , more than half the classes were flagged , and at four Atlanta schools more than 80 percent of the classes were flagged .
On Thursday , the state Board of Education ordered districts to investigate schools in the severe - and moderate - concern categories , and put in place new testing procedures .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
02/08/2010
Video : Achieve while LGBT , suffer mischievous wrath
by Jeremy Hooper
Remember earlier when we referenced the way the far - right is constantly warring against any and all of President Obama 's LGBT appointees / nominees ?
Yea , well here 's more for the fodder file :
Ya know , if they 're going to continue to lie about and unfairly represent the inestimably qualified Chai Feldblum , we at least wish they 'd learn to get her name right ( pronounced like like " high " ) .
One would think that would be something a filmmaker would care about getting right before entering pre-production .
But then again , to the ones they are hoping to rally , her name might as well be Lezzie McLezzenberg .
Their true " concern " begins and ends at her sexual orientation -- everything else is just superfluous spin .
And what 's with Janice Crouse 's unbelievable non sequitur that suggests Amanda Simpson is bad for children simply because she herself has a fifteen - year - old son ?!
Or forget the non sequitur :
What 's with this supposed " family protector " having the gall to use Simpson 's own son against her for political gain ?!?
Have they no shame ?!
Then there 's Jennings , who 's suffered nearly a year of character assassination and flat - out lies ( Brewster was n't 15 , for instance ) , simply because his life 's work of protecting LGBT kids and teens goes against the far - right 's own desire to turn these same kids into " ex - gays . "
There may not be a presidential selection who 's ever had to face as much careless defamation as K.J.
These supposedly " moral " folks will not rest until the accomplished leader and author has a reputation that 's as muddy as their own presentations of the truth !
Gross .
Your thoughts
" When asked , did she ever see a situation where religious liberty and religious issues would homosexual rights , she said that she could n't imagine in any situation when religious liberties would prevail .
Therefore , the rights of homosexuals prevail against the rights of religious people in her world . "
So , let 's deconstruct that lie for a minute .
First they set up an argument pitting homosexual RIGHTS against superficially similar " religious liberty or religious issues . "
The construct of that argument would ALWAYS result in one group 's RIGHTS trumping anyone else 's " liberties " , since one group 's " liberties " END exactly at the point where any other group 's RIGHTS BEGIN .
So , the only possible answer to that false comparison is exactly as Chai responded .
She could n't have possibly responded in a way that would not have supported their twisting of the basic fundamental truth into a lying liar 's lie .
" THEREFORE " Based on the false comparison , they then arrive at an unsupportable and meaningless conclusion , a syllogism that falls apart .
The major premise can never be argued against , but minor premise and conclusion are false .
But , again , these lying liars are playing to an audience that does n't care as much about facts , as they do about hearing something that supports their predetermined false conclusion .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Feb 8 , 2010 6:09:00 PM
I had to laugh when the narrator mentioned Robert Knight 's " explosive new book , " Radical Rulers .
The first thing I thought was that the book is surely the literary equivalent of an explosive bowel movement .
Posted by : Richard Rush | Feb 9 , 2010 9:41:34 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
A proposal to totally ban the trade in the Critically Endangered Atlantic bluefin tuna failed at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , surprising many who saw positive signs leading up to the meeting of a successful ban .
“ Today ’s CITES committee vote not to protect Atlantic bluefin tuna is an unfortunate step backwards .
This deeply disappointing and irresponsible vote signals a bleak future for this iconic fish , ” Susan Lierberman , director of international policy for the Pew Environment Group , said following the vote .
Despite the fact that the Atlantic bluefin population has plummeted 80 percent since 1970 , only 20 nations voted for a ban .
Sixty eight countries voted against a ban — including Japan and Canada — while 30 abstained .
The Atlantic bluefin tuna is currently classified by the IUCN red list as Critically Endangered , and an all - out ban has repeatedly received the support of international scientists .
The bluefin tuna .
Photo courtesy of NOAA .
“ This meeting presented a golden opportunity for governments to take a stand against overfishing , and too many governments failed to do so .
The Atlantic bluefin tuna will not receive the protections of a suspension in international trade that it so desperately needs .
The market for this fish is just too lucrative and the pressure from fishing interests too great , for enough governments to support a truly sustainable future for the fish , ” Lierberman says .
Japan , which consumes three - quarters of the bluefin trade , lobbied hard against the ban .
Bluefin tuna is lucrative business : estimated at 7.2 billion US dollars a year .
In fact , a single fish can sometimes sell for over 100,000 US dollars at the Tokyo Market .
Protection of the Atlantic bluefin tuna now goes back to the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( ICCAT ) , which has faced fierce criticism for its continuing unwillingness to place more strident measures on the trade .
Last year , ICCAT scientists called for a total suspension of fishing stating that the Atlantic bluefin tuna ’s spawning biomass is less than 15 percent of its original stock before industrial fishing .
Instead of following their scientists ’ advice , ICCAT set a quota of 13,500 tons .
“ Today ’s vote puts the fate of Atlantic bluefin tuna back in the hands of the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( ICCAT ) , the very body that drove the species to the disastrous state it is now in , ” Lierberman says .
According to The Economist , the evening before the vote , meeting members took part in a reception at the Japanese embassy where bluefin tuna sushi was conspicuously served .
Related articles
Sushi lovers may be eating Critically Endangered species without knowing it
( 11/24/2009 ) Restaurants sampled in New York and Colorado are serving up bluefin tuna without informing their customers know they are dining on an endangered species , according to a new study in PLoS ONE .
Using DNA barcoding researchers from the Sackler Institute for Comparative Genomics at the American Museum of Natural History found that nearly a third of tuna sampled in one restaurant in Colorado and thirty restaurants in New York served bluefin tuna , and nine of the restaurants did not label the tuna as bluefin .
ICCAT fails to protect critically endangered tuna — again
( 11/15/2009 ) The International Commissions for the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna ( ICCAT ) ignored the advice of its scientists to end fishing of the Atlantic bluefin tuna .
Instead ICAAT set a quota of 13,500 tons of fish .
This is not the first time ICCAT has flouted its own researchers ’ advice : it has repeatedly set quotas well - above its researchers ’ recommendations .
Atlantic bluefin tuna should be banned internationally : ICCAT scientists
( 10/29/2009 ) Scientists with the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna ( ICCAT ) have said in a new report that a global ban on Atlantic bluefin tuna fishing is justified .
ICCAT meets in November to decide if they will follow their scientist ’s recommendations .
Global fisheries begin to show signs of recovery where management is strong
( 07/30/2009 )
New research reveals hopeful signs that overfished marine ecosystems can recover provided adequate protections .
The two - year study , publish in the journal Science , found that efforts to reduce overfishing are beginning to succeed in five of the ten large marine ecosystems examined , suggesting that “ sound management can contribute to the rebuilding of fisheries . ”
Marine scientist calls for abstaining from seafood to save oceans
( 06/08/2009 )
In April marine scientist Jennifer Jacquet made the case on her blog Guilty Planet that people should abstain from eating seafood to help save life in the ocean .
With fish populations collapsing worldwide and scientists sounding warnings that ocean ecosystems — as edible resources — have only decades left , it is perhaps surprising that Jacquet ’s call to abstain from consuming seafood is a lone voice in the wilderness , but thus far few have called for seafood lovers to abstain .
Sushi restaurant , Nobu , warns patrons not to eat bluefin tuna , but serves it anyway
( 05/27/2009 )
Last year , Nobu was caught red - handed serving critically - endangered bluefin tuna to patrons , even after servers claimed its tuna was not bluefin .
Now after heavy criticism , the trendy restaurant , owned by Robert DeNiro and popular with celebrities , has finally taken action .
Turkey ignores bluefin tuna quotas , further imperiling critically - endangered species
( 05/12/2009 ) A few weeks into the bluefin tuna fishing season and Turkey has decided to go it alone .
Breaking international agreements , the Turkish government has announced that it will ignore agreed - upon bluefin tuna quotas .
The news is not good for the survival of the critically - endangered fish species , since Turkey operates the largest Mediterranean fleet for bluefin tuna .
Mediterranean bluefin tuna has only three years left unless fishery closes
( 04/14/2009 )
If the Mediterranean bluefin tuna fishery is not closed , the bluefin will be functionally extinct by 2012 according to a new analysis from World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) .
While the population has undergone steep declines for over a decade , fishery managers and policy - makers have continually ignored calls from scientists that fishing must stop if the Mediterranean bluefin tuna is to survive .
Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) is shown in his office in this August 2004 photo .
He 's long been a powerful booster of defense industry giants like Lockheed Martin , and Lockheed has helped him back through bundled donations .
Members get bundles of lobbyist cash
Hawaii Democratic Sen. Daniel Inouye has long been a powerful booster of defense industry giants like Lockheed Martin , repeatedly helping out the $ 40 billion company throughout his long career in Congress .
But the relationship has been far from a one - way street .
Advertisement
A lobbyist for Lockheed Martin has bundled scores of smaller donations , directing tens of thousands of dollars into Inouye ’s campaign war chest , according to his latest campaign finance reports .
Inouye ’s situation is hardly unique .
Even as President Barack Obama vows to take on special interests , lobbyists continue to bundle millions in donations for lawmakers , often when they have a direct stake in the lawmakers ’ policy portfolio .
Tourism interests are bundling thousands for Missouri Republican Rep. Roy Blunt , who represents the tourist mecca of Branson .
A Wal - Mart lobbyist is piling together money for Arkansas Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln ’s reelection bid , and environmental interests are bundling checks for California Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer ’s campaign .
The continued practice of lobbyist donation bundling shows that Obama ’s pledge to take on lobbyists and special interests in Washington is one promise that ’s been almost nearly impossible to keep .
In 2009 alone , lobbyists and corporate political action committees bundled at least $ 4.6 million for Senate campaigns , according to a review of the latest Federal Election Commission reports .
This is the first full year candidates have been forced to disclose their bundlers , so there are no comparable data from previous years .
Inouye ’s office declined to comment about the $ 42,000 that lobbyist Lawrence Duncan of Lockheed Martin pulled in for the senator in the last six months of 2009 , and a Lockheed spokesman did not respond to an inquiry seeking comment .
The relationship between bundling and bills remains close for many of the top Senate candidates in 2010 .
For instance , Blunt , who is seeking the GOP Senate nomination in Missouri , has for years pushed bills supported by the travel and tourism industry .
He has sponsored a tax deduction for spouses tagging along on business - related trips and a separate bill to promote international travel to the United States .
While Blunt sponsored such measures , a variety of hotel and travel corporations , including Marriott and Hilton , helped lead the way in bundling donations for the congressman .
In the first six months of last year , Blunt reported $ 310,000 in bundled donations — the most of any Senate candidate in that time span .
Rich Chrismer , a Blunt campaign spokesman , touted the campaign ’s ability to pull in donations from individual donors and across all 114 counties in Missouri .
“ Roy Blunt represents Branson and a state that is heavily dependent on tourism , so , of course , he is going to support the hospitality industry and seek incentives to double the number of business travelers to Missouri , ” Chrismer said .
But government watchdogs think such relationships are a bit too cozy .
“ If these bundlers were just pals or fans of the candidate / member , doing it because they believed in their message , it would n’t be nearly as problematic , ” said Sheila Krumholz , executive director for the Center for Responsive Politics , a nonpartisan group that tracks money in politics .
“ But these are professionals , with specific strings attached to their highly valued fundraising services , be they legislative or personal favors , or simply chits they can hold until they need to call in a favor . ”
On average , House candidates have to raise some $ 1.4 million while their Senate counterparts raise $ 8.5 million for their respective races , according to tallies kept by the Center for Responsive Politics .
In 2007 , Congress attempted to place new transparency rules on donations , and last year the FEC wrote guidelines requiring campaigns to disclose which individuals and groups bundle more than $ 16,000 for them while working as registered lobbyists .
The new disclosures help shed light on why members of Congress may focus attention on particular causes .
“ They are not bundling this cash for altruistic reasons :
They want to get the senators ’ attention and interest , ” said Steve Ellis , vice president of the nonpartisan Taxpayers for Common Sense .
“ Earmarks and bundling are key cogs keeping the pay - to - play merry - go - round turning in Washington . ”
In many cases , the relationship of corporate bundlers to senators comes naturally .
Wal - Mart is the biggest private employer in Arkansas , and $ 27,400 of the $ 100,000 Lincoln received in bundled contributions came from a lobbyist for the retail giant .
Lincoln , a centrist facing a tough reelection battle , has previously been accused by the left for doing the bidding of Wal - Mart by fighting a bill that would make it easier to unionize .
“ Sen . Lincoln is proud to have [ Wal - Mart ’s ] support and to work on behalf of the more than 40,000 employees in Arkansas and the hundreds of thousands of customers who live and work in Arkansas , ” said campaign spokeswoman Katie Laning Niebaum .
Speaking of the new disclosure requirements on bundling , the spokeswoman said : “ She supported these changes because , regardless of her fundraising totals , Sen . Lincoln knows that she is accountable to the voters of Arkansas alone . ”
On the left , Boxer , chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , has long been a crusader for environmental issues , and one of the activist groups , the League of Conservation Voters ’ PAC , bundled $ 22,500 to her campaign last year .
A spokeswoman for Boxer declined to comment .
Even newcomers to Washington have pulled the levers of lobbyists to help their fundraising .
Sen. Michael Bennet ( D - Colo. ) , a relative unknown who was selected last year to fill the seat vacated by now - Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , received $ 163,000 in bundled donations from lobbyists last year , including more than $ 91,000 from one lobbyist whose firm represents big banks and other clients .
A spokesman for Bennet ’s campaign declined to comment .
Out of all sitting senators , New York Democrat Chuck Schumer — who has a staggering $ 19 million in cash on hand — led all senators in bundled lobbyist donations : nearly $ 575,000 from interests on Wall Street , like the New York Stock Exchange PAC , as well as from life insurers and other corporate interests .
A spokesman declined to comment .
Not far behind Schumer is the Senate ’s top Democrat , Harry Reid of Nevada , who reported $ 337,900 from corporate PACs such as airlines and railways , as well as from Democratic lobbyists Tony Podesta , Linda Daschle and Paul DiNino .
Reid has $ 8.7 million in cash in his campaign account — putting him in the top tier of all candidates up this cycle .
Jon Summers , spokesman for Reid , said what is “ most important about this issue is transparency , and Sen .
Reid is being as transparent as possible . ”
Even candidates not from Washington have turned to lobbyists to help pull in cash : Florida Republican Gov. Charlie Crist reported $ 286,474 from mostly Florida - based lobbyists in the past year .
Andrea Saul , spokeswoman for Crist , said their campaign is “ grateful for the broad fundraising support ” they ’ve received and that Crist is the “ only candidate in this race that has taken on special interests and worked to root out corruption in Florida . ”
At this point , it does n’t seem like either party is willing to give up the easy money .
Lobbyists and PACs bundled $ 1.5 million for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , and the National Republican Senatorial Committee received $ 742,050 in bundled donations .
“ I think the only one who has taken on special interests is President Obama — I do n’t think Congress has any desire to , ” said Melanie Sloan , head of the group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
Gordhan wo n't slip on their skins
LEFT -WING trade - union allies of President Jacob Zuma have reacted with fury to the business - friendly budget , unveiled on February 17th , threatening to call a general strike in the second half of the year .
The first of Mr Zuma 's ten - month - old government , the budget spurned left - wing calls for tax increases , nationalisation of the mines and dropping inflation - targeting by the central bank .
Instead , the finance minister , Pravin Gordhan , is pursuing broadly the same prudent macroeconomic policies that prevailed under Thabo Mbeki 's presidency from 1999 to 2008 .
Mr Zuma has been accused of weak leadership , particularly since his dreary state - of - the - nation speech earlier this month .
But he has again shown — this time via Mr Gordhan — that he is not beholden to his noisy allies on the left who helped catapult him to power .
Mr Gordhan , who did a good job running South Africa 's tax service , had the misfortune to take over the finance ministry from the much - lauded Trevor Manuel just as the country was slipping into its first recession for 17 years .
After growing by nearly 5 % a year from 2005 to 2008 , the economy shrank by 1.8 % last year , shedding nearly 900,000 jobs .
The official rate of unemployment , including those too discouraged to go on looking for work , now stands at 34 % .
Yet the worst may be over .
Figures out this week show that the economy grew at an unexpectedly fast annual rate of 3.2 % in the last quarter of 2009 , after barely growing in the third quarter and shrinking in each of the three previous ones .
Mr Gordhan has based his budget on a fairly cautious growth forecast of 2.3 % this year rising to 3.2 % next year and 3.6 % in 2012 .
That is in line with other forecasts , but it is not nearly fast enough for the government to achieve its goal of cutting unemployment by half by 2014 .
Hence the anxious calls from the main trade - union federation and others on the left for inflation - targeting to be dropped in favour of a policy focused on job creation and faster growth .
But Mr Gordhan argues that last year 's inflation rate of 7 % , still higher than in most of its trading partners , is making South Africa less competitive .
Exports represented 35 % of GDP in 2008 .
He has asked the central bank to continue with an inflation target of 3 - 6 % .
He expects inflation this year to average around 6 % .
Hitting that target will be helped by this week 's rejection of an application by Eskom , the state - owned power company , for a 35 % rise in tariffs in each of the next three years ; it had originally asked for 45 % .
It says it needs the money to pay for an expansion that will cost 385 billion rand ( $ 50 billion ) .
But after both business and labour complained , the national energy regulator says it will let Eskom raise its prices by 25 % this year and 26 % in each of the next two .
Mr Gordhan did throw a few crumbs to the left .
Despite signs of recovery , he says he will keep his stimulus package going , by pouring 846 billion rand into infrastructure projects , including Eskom 's , in the next three years .
The government will also honour its election pledge to extend child - support grants to children up to the age of 18 , instead of just 15 .
But that will hardly satisfy the trade unions or the increasingly restive poor in the squalid townships .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 597 - Unique College Team Nicknames ( Bracket Week II )
Yes , all of the college team nicknames listed are real , and only one college holds each name ( as best I could tell ) .
I tried to go full name , which is why the Campbell Fighting Camels made the bracket , and are not eliminated by having the same name as the Connecticut College Camels , but two colleges being the Battlin ' Bishops eliminated that option .
Almost all of the names are currently held , although I took some liberties with the Sourdoughs , which used to exist .
And while I really thought Geoducks should be a two - seed in the " You Woud n't Know " regional , the Swede insisted they would fit in the " Edibles " regional .
But even after the entire bracket was set up , several names were left out .
I could n't find room for the Chokers or Hardrockers , and I just was n't sure if Sand Sharks , Jumbos , Humpback Whales , or Horned Frogs should have replaced any of the unique animals .
Still , there it is !
The great college nickname bracket .
As is the tradition for the Thursday comic of bracket week , I do the seeding and leave it to you to decide the winners .
Feel free to debate among your friends and co-workers .
I 'll be posting my personal choices in the forums later .
Enjoy !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Have you tried the new crossword puzzle yet ?
How about Justin 's puzzle of the day ?
PC mods , or modifications , are one of the primary reasons why the PC is often looked on as superior to its console brothers .
Mods can be anything from new game modes , to new units , to graphical enhancements to complete game overhauls .
However , behind the mods are a team of focused , dedicated people , who rarely get the accolades they deserve .
So here is our top 15 list of PC modders .
15 . Black Cat Games
Mod : Alien Swarm
Game : Unreal Tournament 2004
Alien Swarm is a completely new game modelled from the UT2K4 engine .
You take control of a marine as you guide them , from a top down perspective , in this squad based shooter .
It bears a slight resemblance to Alien Shooter , and can be pants - wettingly intense at times , when you and your squadmates are surrounded and low on ammo .
A fantastic game in it ’s own right .
14 . Quarn and Kivan
Mod : The Unofficial Oblivion Patch
Game : Oblivion
The debate will eternally rage over which Oblivion mods are truly necessary in order to enjoy the game at its best - but this one is a no-brainer .
Fixing hundreds of countless bugs and errors , these guys must have put a tremendous amount of effort into improving the game for all .
If you have n’t got it yet , go get it now .
13 . The MTA Team
Mod : Multi Theft Auto
Game : Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas takes the award for having the largest living GTA universe .
Some argue that it was the best game in the franchise - and the massive amounts of free roaming and the ( slight ) emphasis on realism really helped push the game above and beyond people ’s expectations .
One thing the game did n’t have though , was multiplayer .
This was sorely missed in a game with so much racing and free roaming potential , but luckily the good folks behind MTA found a solution .
What started out as an experiment with crude forms of online racing has turned into the one truly decent , fully functioning multiplayer segment to a great game .
12 . Blbpaws
Mod : CnC All Stars
Game : Command and Conquer Generals
The mammoth CnC franchise may have well have shaped RTS gaming as we know it , and its three unique storylines ; Tiberium , Red Alert and Generals have often whipped fans into a frenzy over the question - who would win in a fight with _____ ?
Well with this mod , you are free to experiment to your hearts content .
All Stars brings together the nine factions together into one game .
Even better , that means all the superweapons .
In one game .
Hell yeah .
11 . SkyCaptain
Mod : Deadly Reflex
Game : Oblivion
I ’m going to try to avoid choosing mods from the same game in this feature , but I just could not make this list without Deadly Reflex .
This mod from SkyCaptain added so much content to the game , its hard to list them all .
The biggest change is the addition of horse combat ( the # 1 feature for many fans that did n’t get included in the vanilla game ) and the drastic additions to melee combat .
Shield bashing and decapitations ( above ) were what pulled many in - take a look , it ’ll improve your experience no end .
10 . AoP
Mod : MechWarrior : Living Legends
Game : Crysis
Rarely in the history of modding has a game be changed in such a drastic manner .
The reason for this mod ’s development was simple ; there had n’t been a MechWarrior game in over 5 years , and the fanbase was willing to do anything to play them again with suped - up graphics and gameplay .
Enter MWLL , brainchild of AoP and a dedicated team of 40 designers following him .
As an aside , the team is looking for developers and artists , apply within !
9. Trauma Studios
Mod : Desert Combat
Game : Battlefield 1942
Battlefield 1942 was a great game , but around release , many folks were beginning to tire of the World War Two setting .
The solution ?
Trauma Studios , a team of 7 dedicated modders who brought BF1942 into the present day .
The Gulf War to be precise .
The total conversion went on to be the most successful mod of the game .
Interestingly enough , in September 2004 DICE bought Trauma Studios to help work on the soon - to - be megahit Battlefield 2 .
However when payday came around , the developer announced that they had , “ decided to discontinue the New York office , Trauma Studios . ”
In doing so they refused to pay the mod team the $ 200,000 they were due .
8. Artistpavel
Mod : STALKER Complete 2009 Mod
Game : STALKER Shadow of Chernobyl
STALKER : SoC was a game long in the making .
So understandably , the graphics were n’t quite up to scratch on release .
Never fear , modders are here !
I have given the credit here to Artistpavel , but really this mod is a collection of work by many artists and developers .
Visually , it ’s a completely changed game ; natural lighting , vast panoramic views , depth of field , parallax mapping , SSAO , over 900 reworked texture files , including vehicles and armor suites with manual bump editing - it really is hard to believe you are playing the same game .
7. Unknown Worlds
Mod : Natural Selection
Game : Half Life
Many professional developers have attempted to mix real time strategy with first person shooter action , but most attempts fizzled out .
But where they failed , Unknown Worlds has succeeded - with jaw dropping results .
One of the most popular HL1 mods pits humans against aliens in a claustrophobic fight to the death .
An enormous amount of blood , sweat and tears went into this , and for that UW deserves serious props .
6. Robin Walker , John Cook , and Ian Caughley
Mod : Team Fortress
Game : Quake
While some of you will know all there is to know about the - mod - that - became - an - awesome - online - game , many of you will not know that it was originally spawned from Quake .
Created in 1996 by the trio , it introduced class based warfare like no other game before it .
No class was better or worse than another , and you had to use teamwork to win .
The mod was , of course , the inspiration for Valve ’s home - grown classic released in 2007 after 9 years of development .
5. William Toth
Mod : Eastern Front
Game : Company of Heroes
When the original CoH hit the shelves , it contained just two , fairly similar factions .
The Allies ( i.e Americans ) and the Wermacht ( i.e Germans ) .
A year later , an expansion added two drastically different factions ; the fast moving , hard hitting Panzer Elite and the defensive British Army .
One very significant nation was missing from the mix though - the Soviet Army .
Never fear , Eastern Fronts is here !
William
Toth originally just wanted to create a new artillery unit for the game , something along the lines of the Wermacht ’s Nebelwerfer .
This idea eventually morphed into wanting to create a whole new faction .
Several years of hard labour later , and we have a magnificent addition to the game featuring new voices , gun sounds , skins , units and doctrines - so good , in fact , that many fans believed it had been designed by Relic themselves .
4. Darth Vader
Mod : Darthmod
Game : Total War
Yes , really .
Famous for his complete reworkings of Total War games , this modder deserves all the praise he can get .
A major issue with all Total War games has been its AI .
The campaign opponents normally act very passively , and battles can often turn into just a mash up of whoever has the strongest units .
Darthmod fixes these issues , and then some .
The AI becomes much more aggressive , particularly on the campaign map , and will use tactics in battles .
Props should also go to SwissHalberdier , who created hundreds of units for the mod , and hip63 , who created the installer for DarthMod Empire , and inserted over 80 sub -mods to make the game complete .
3. Tripwire Interactive
Mods : Red Orchestra , Killing Floor
Game : Unreal Tournament 2004
These guys are a class example of how a mod can make such a huge difference to a game .
Red Orchestra pits the Soviets and Germans against each other on the eastern front , but with a twist - this game is designed to be realistic .
And by realistic , I mean bullet drop , limited HUD , flight time , realistic hit detection and deflecting fire .
For many , this is the best mod out there , for any game .
Another recent hit for the modders has been Killing Floor .
Now on Steam as a retail package , the co-op experience to be had here is somewhat similar to L4D2 - but a heck of a lot scarier .
2. Minh “ Gooseman ” Le and Jess “ Cliffe ” Cliffe
Mod : Counter Strike
Game : Half Life
We could n’t really make a mod-related list without including these guys , and the fruits of their labours - Counter Strike .
It is the most played HL1 mod ever made .
It plays out sort of like Rainbow Six , without all ofthat annoying tactical stuff .
It did n’t take long to spy the potential in the mod , and after only a year , Valve and the modders teamed up to create Counter Strike Source .
1. Garry Newman
Mod : Garry ’s Mod
Game : Half Life 2 / Source Engine
Now we can argue all day about whether Garry nicked the coding for his mod from JB mod , but fact of the matter is - this is one of the best mods ever created .
It is more of a tool than a game , allowing you to craft game modes , maps , and more simply and easily .
It was created in 2004 off the back of the Source engine .
Having undergone several updates , it now uses the Source 2007 Orange Box engine , which untilizes more advanced physics .
Not only is Garry ’s Mod a modification in itself , it is a platform for countless more community - generated mods .
Just take a look at this video .
SANFORD , Fla .
—Ken Cage is racing through a private aviation terminal near Orlando when his BlackBerry buzzes with bad news .
The plane he is about to repossess is scheduled to take off for Mexico in three minutes .
Even worse , the Cessna 's owner and pilot is on his way back from lunch — and he is rumored to be six - feet , six - inches tall .
" I 'd rather ...
Almost half of the world 's primate species – which include apes , monkeys and lemurs - are threatened with extinction due to the destruction of tropical forests and illegal hunting and trade .
In a report highlighting the 25 most endangered primate species , conservationists have outlined the desperate plight of primates from Madagascar , Africa , Asia and Central and South America , with some populations down to just a few dozen in number .
The golden headed langur , which is found only on the island of Cat Ba in north - eastern Vietnam , is down to 60 to 70 individuals .
And there are fewer than 100 northern sportive lemurs left in Madagascar , and around 110 eastern black crested gibbons in north - eastern Vietnam .
Of the world 's 634 primate species , 48 % are classified as threatened with extinction on the IUCN 's " red list " of threatened species .
The latest report was compiled by 85 primatologists working in the field and will be launched today at Bristol zoo by a coalition of conservation groups including the IUCN and Conservation International and the International Primatological Society
" All over the world , it 's mainly habitat destruction that affects primates the most , " said Christoph Schwitzer , head of reseaarch at the Bristol Conservation and Science Foundation and one of the authors of the report .
" Illegal logging , fragmentation of forests through fires , hunting is a big issue in several African countries and also now in Madagascar .
In Asia one of the main problems is trade in hearts for traditional medicine , mainly into China . "
Russell Mittermeier , a primatologist and president of Conservation International , said : " The purpose of our top 25 list is to highlight those that are most at risk , to attract the attention of the public , to stimulate national governments to do more , and especially to find the resources to implement desperately needed conservation measures .
In particular , we want to encourage governments to commit to biodiversity conservation measures when they gather in Japan in October .
We have the resources to address this crisis , but so far , we have failed to act . "
There are fewer than 320 Delacour 's Langurs left in Vietnam , thanks to the trade in the animals ' bones , organs and other tissues for traditional medicines .
The Sumatran orang - utan is down to around 6,600 due to fragmentation of their habitats and the removal of forest to make way for agricultural uses such as palm oil plantations .
Schwitzer said that the primate he monitors , the blue - eyed black lemur in Madagascar , has suffered from the rapid destruction of forests in recent years and now numbers no more than 2,300 .
" With the political crisis in Madagascar , this has been exaggerated in the last year or two , with lots more illegal logging and now even the government is selling logging concessions more or less illegally . "
With some populations of primates down to just a few hundreds or thousands , many species are at imminent risk of extinction .
" There are no small disasters for small populations , the disasters are always big , " said Schwitzer .
" Even if they are a few thousand , they can be wiped out by a couple of events like cyclones .
It 's very easy for these populations to fail . "
Schemes such as the UN's Redd programme ( Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries ) , which are being proposed as part of any global deal to tackle climate change , will be crucial in maintaining falling primate popualtions .
The idea is that rich countries would pay developing countries to maintain their forests , therefore locking in the carbon and preventing further greenhouse gas emissions .
In an enhanced version of the idea , developing countries will be incentivised to plant more trees , growing their forest areas .
" Several countries and governments have pledged support - if this is going to happen and it's well done , then we stand a good chance to be able to save some of these primates ' forest habitats for the future , " said Schwitzer .
And conservation measures can work , if they are put in place in time .
There have been some limited successes , for example , in helping some primate species to recover - the black lion tamarin was moved from " critically endangered " to " endangered " on the IUCN red list , similar to the golden lion tamarin in 2003 .
That was the result of more than 30 years of conservation effort at zoos and by scientists .
Schwitzer hoped the new report would highlight the extent of the dangers facing some of humankinds ' closest relatives in the wild .
" Support and action to help save these species is vital if we are to avoid losing these wonderful animals forever . "
It 's not version 3.2 , but there 's a little stopgap out now for iPhone and iPod touch owners in the form of OS 3.1.3 .
According to the changelog , we can expect better battery level reporting and fixes for problems with the Japanese Kana keyboard and some mysterious issues where third - party apps would fail to launch .
Sounds good to us !
As usual , we 're hearing blackra1n ( and presumably redsn0w ) has been busted by 3.1.3 , so you probably want to hold back if you 're jailbroken until you 've gotten the all - clear .
Thanks , Eric !
Project Needlemouse will officially get its real name on Thursday , and we 're all pretty certain it'll be called Sonic the Hedgehog 4 .
If we needed any more proof , Sega has teased a small slice of the new game 's soundtrack .
It 's short , but it sounds magnificent .
It 's Sonic , the way it 's supposed to sound .
Just play that video up above for the proof !
Two new pieces of artwork have also been revealed , a revolving sunflower and a palm tree .
Like the Badniks , these environmental pieces are old school Sonic mainstays .
Sega has all but confirmed that the palm trees will , yet again , hide boxes with Invincibility power - ups in them .
I 'll admit it -- Sega has me by the balls on this one .
They have to realize that they can't stuff this one up , and the promotion so far has been so self - aware that I 'm sure they know what they 're doing .
I hope they know what they 're doing .
That 's it for now .
Ca n't wait until Thursday !
[ Via Sega.com ]
Click to open photo gallery :
Stewart L. Udall , who as Interior secretary in the 1960s vastly expanded the country ’s system of national parks and monuments and developed far - reaching legislation to protect public lands , has died .
He was 90 .
FOR THE RECORD :
Udall obituary :
The obituary in Sunday ’s California section of former Interior Secretary Stewart Udall misidentified his father as Jesse Udall .
His father was Levi Udall . —
FOR THE RECORD :
Stewart Udall obituary :
The obituary of former Interior Secretary Stewart Udall in the March 21 California section said that a few years ago he trekked with a grandson 7,000 feet up Bright Angel Trail , from the floor of the Grand Canyon to the South Rim .
According to the National Park Service , the elevation change between the canyon floor and the South Rim is about 4,400 feet . —
Udall died Saturday morning at his home in Santa Fe , N.M. , surrounded by his children , according to a statement from his son , Sen . Tom Udall of New Mexico .
He died of natural causes after a fall last week that had kept him confined to bed .
Udall , who served in Congress and later led a crusade on behalf of victims of radiation exposure , had many accomplishments during his decades of public service .
But his most important legacy came from championing the idea that government should preserve vast areas of land .
“ Any wilderness area , any national park and national monument -- wherever you live in the United States now , there is one relatively close to you .
He created the spirit that made all those things possible , ” said Carl Pope , chairman of the Sierra Club
“ In 1960 , most Americans lived thousands of miles from any national park , ” he said .
“ They do n’t anymore . ”
Advertisement
During the eight years that Udall served under presidents Kennedy and Johnson , he worked with the Sierra Club to create Redwood National Park along California ’s northern coast .
He also oversaw the creation of Guadalupe Mountains National Park in Texas , North Cascades National Park in Washington state and Canyonlands National Park in Utah , along with the Cape Cod National Seashore in Massachusetts and the Point Reyes National Seashore north of San Francisco .
He also helped write numerous pieces of legislation , including the Wilderness Act of 1964 , which protects millions of acres .
“ Many people at the time thought it was a crazy idea , ” he told the New York Times in 1989 .
Advertisement
Stewart Lee Udall was born Jan. 31 , 1920 , in St. Johns , Ariz .
He was one of five children raised on a small subsistence farm in the northeastern corner of the state , not far from Zuni and Navajo reservations .
His grandfather David King Udall founded the town after moving from Utah in 1880 as a Mormon missionary .
Udall ’s father , Jesse , served as chief justice of the state Supreme Court .
Udall attended Thatcher Junior College and then the University of Arizona , pausing his studies to serve as a Mormon missionary in New York and Pennsylvania and as a B - 24 tail gunner in Italy during World War II .
After the war , he returned to finish his degree and attend law school .
Advertisement
In 1954 , Udall was elected to Congress and held the seat until President Kennedy tapped him to become secretary of the Interior .
His brother Morris succeeded him in Congress .
Morris ’ son Mark is a Democratic senator from Colorado .
Udall left government in 1969 and stayed in Washington for another decade practicing law and writing books .
He returned to Arizona in 1979 and pursued a lawsuit against the government on behalf of Navajo men who mined uranium and later developed cancer .
The suit failed .
In 1994 Udall published a book that drew on that experience , “ The Myths of August : A Personal Exploration of Our Tragic Cold War Affair with the Atom . ”
In it he argued that leaders and scientists , intoxicated by the power of nuclear weapons , forged a secret national security state and that there was no military need for the United States to drop atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Advertisement
“ Whether in the skies above Italy in World War II , in Congress or as secretary of the Interior , Stewart Udall left an indelible mark on this nation and inspired countless Americans who will continue his fight for clean air , clean water and to maintain our many natural treasures , ” President Obama said in a statement Saturday .
Udall , who counted poet Robert Frost and actor Robert Redford among his friends , was a committed outdoorsman .
During his years in Washington , he took his children to Interior Department outposts in the area on weekends and rafting down Western rivers in the summer .
A few years ago he trekked with a grandson 7,000 feet up Bright Angel Trail , from the floor of the Grand Canyon to the South Rim .
He refused a National Park Service offer of a mule .
Advertisement
His family “ would n’t have liked it if I had n’t made it , ” he noted , “ but what a way to go . ”
Upon completing his ascent , he headed straight into the bar at the Tovar Lodge and ordered a martini .
Udall was married for 55 years to Erma Lee Udall .
She died in 2001 .
He is survived by their six children and eight grandchildren .
jessica.garrison@ latimes.com
HUNTSVILLE , AL -- Police are still searching the floors of the Shelby Center at UAH to make sure the building is secure after several people were reported shot there .
Police may have a suspect in custody but they have not confirmed that .
The initial call indicated as many as 10 people may have been shot , but paramedics have only reported two people needing an ambulance .
Both are them are in critical condition .
Read the latest on the UAH shooting .
GERMANTOWN , Md. - The American Civil Liberties Union of Maryland is protesting the treatment of a middle - school student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance .
The incident occurred Jan. 27 at the Roberto Clemente Middle School in Germantown .
A 13 - year - old girl refused to stand during the Pledge of Allegiance .
" The teacher in that class began to yell at her , began to shout at her , " said Ajmel Quereshi , the ACLU attorney representing the girl .
" Other students began to jump in and mock her when they saw that he was calling her names and calling her stupid .
She was feeling embarassed so , not knowing what to do , she stood up . "
The next day , the girl remained seated during the pledge again .
This time she was marched by two school police officers to the office , said Quereshi .
" The assistant principal sided with the teacher and told the child that she should immediately apologize to the teacher , " he said .
Instead , the ACLU insists the teacher should apologize and the school should use this incident " as a teaching moment to explain to the students that what happened was wrong , " said Quereshi .
Dana Tofig , a spokesman for the Montgomery County Public Schools , confirmed that the teacher violated school regulations and said the student will receive an apology .
If your travel plans were even slightly nudged towards that huge triangle south of the Rio Grande by part one of our “ Latin America for Beginners ” guide last week , you should read about the rest of the countries before you decide where to go .
Part two goes from rarely visited Honduras to oft - ignored Uruguay , by way of easy - to - miss Panama .
Some of these smaller countries are tempting because they offer a lot of possibilities in an area that you can fully explore in a fortnight , and also boast some quirky corners and customs .
How about swimming with – or near – freshwater sharks in Lake Nicaragua ?
Or learning to tango in Montevideo , which lays claim to being the cuna del tango ( cradle of tango ) ?
With regret we have made the difficult decision to shutdown View , we would like to thank all the team who worked here and all our users for making this journey possible .
All the best !
The View Team
2000 - 2019
The aquarium boasts 30,000 species of underwater creature
An aquarium and a shopping centre in Dubai have been evacuated after water leaked from a massive tank holding hundreds of sharks .
Safety officials said the " small crack " appeared in the tank which holds 10 million litres of water and more than 33,000 underwater creatures .
The aquarium , opened in 2008 , was promoted as being an " indoor ocean " .
The mall owners said the leak appeared in a panel joint in the tank and was immediately fixed by engineers .
Teams carrying lifejackets were seen entering the mall .
Tower problems
" A leakage was noticed at one of the panel joints of the Dubai Aquarium at The Dubai Mall and was immediately fixed by the aquarium 's maintenance team , " a spokesman for the mall said .
" The leakage did not impact the aquarium environment or the safety of the aquatic animals . "
The statement said the company worked with experts and " upholds the highest safety standards in its management . "
The aquarium is at the foot of the world 's largest building - the Burj Khalifa , also owned by Emaar Properties .
It had to shut its viewing deck after a lift malfunction earlier in February .
Dubai has had a recent string of publicity disasters following last year 's announcement the Emirate would not be able to pay its debts .
Must 've been good , because Chris Anderson thought it was " god-awful , " and one blogger wonders if she " took a dump on stage . "
The TED website describes her talk as " a new perspective on the number 3000 . "
But ... what perspective ?
Update : Wow .
The annual conference of supposedly important people with supposedly important things to say supposedly took a turn for the worst when Sarah Silverman got up on stage to speak .
Seriously , if TED " curator " Chris Anderson is talking shit on his own speaker ...
... And then , according to one asskisser , apologizing for her ...
... With other bloggers noting that " Sarah Silverman is being too honest :-) " ...
... and some saying she had them " pissing ( themselves ) laughing " and " killed it " ....
We kind of have to know what happened .
If you do , hit us up .
Update :
Well , we might have some kind of idea , now .
Via MediaPost , a fairly rough report :
Sarah learned she was Jewish because everyone else treated her like a Jew .
She was a very deep child .
It 's not like the Jews killed Baby Jesus , and btw :
You are welcome for the Jews having killed the 39 year old , otherwise he would n't be famous ( Everyone knows you gotta die young to be famous ) .
We need religion .
It 's a way to cope with the unanswerable .
Because if Sarah thinks about the fact that she was just a spec that exploded up out of her dad 's balls , that 's fucked up .
Insecurity can humble us .
It 's a survival skill .
It can protect us .
From things like aging .
When Sarah was nineteen , there were so many official pussy inspectors , and now , you never see them anymore … probably because of computers .
" Just please do n't think I care . "
We live in a world of excess .
Population doubles every 40 years ( Sarah read that on a blog ) - that 's crazy !
How is it not total vanity to give birth when there 's so many kids to adopt ?
Sarah plans to adopt a mentally challenged child , because she really does enjoy the company of the mentally challenged .
Unfortunately they do n't leave the nest - ever .
Therefore , Sarah plans to adopt a retarded person that is terminately ill .
Who does that ?
Amazing people .
Everyone deserves to have a song .
This is for the inner porn stars in the audience .
All the penises in the galaxy …
TED 's traditionally pretty grandstanding about the nature of their speakers and what they have to say .
For example , a totally square ( America Online founder ) Steve Case :
And more :
And even shock from Silverman herself :
So while she may not have " taken a dump on stage , " but Sarah Silverman definitely put something on TED 's reputation and speakers .
Defiant mockery , perhaps ?
Not exactly revolutionary , but in that setting , definitely a little groundbreaking .
[ Thanks to Paolo at NYC The Tumblr for links . ]
This graphic from designer Stephen Taubman is entertaining in so many ways .
It is based on the amazing story of Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus , one of the greatest movies ever made .
I ’ve never seen it , but after you watch the clip below , you ’ll be running to find a copy .
Do n’t even try to convince me that could n’t happen .
That could happen .
I do n’t think I can fly ever again , at least not ones that fly over water .
[ via Forest and the Trees ]
The White House Press Secretary just openly mocked Sarah Palin -- and he delivered the blow with the palm of his hand .
Robert Gibbs just addressed the media with a mini grocery list written on his hand -- plus two smart - ass additions : Eggs , Milk , Bread ( which was crossed out ) , Hope , Change .
It 's getting nasty in Washington , D.C. -- and we 're not talking about the snow storm .
Chief international correspondent leaving cable network after more than 25 years to anchor Sunday show on ABC
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Christiane Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent , is leaving after almost 30 years to become the new anchor at rival US TV network ABC .
One of CNN 's best - known correspondents over the past two decades , Amanpour is leaving Time Warner 's cable news channel to host This Week , the Sunday morning news programme on ABC News .
She will leave CNN next month and start work for ABC in August .
Amanpour joined CNN in 1983 as a foreign desk assistant .
Her decision to leave comes just six months after she stepped back from her role as a foreign correspondent to launch her own interview show , called Amanpour , on CNN International .
Memorable moments from her career include covering the first gulf war in 1991 , the Balkan conflicts of the 1990s , the Iraq invasion in 2003 and the current conflict in Afghanistan .
" I leave CNN with the utmost respect , love and admiration for the company and everyone who works here , " said Amanpour .
" This has been my family and shared endeavour for the past 27 years and I am forever grateful and proud of all that we have accomplished . "
At ABC Amanpour replaces George Stephanopoulos , the former Clinton administration communication director who became the new anchor of Good Morning America in December .
ABC News 's senior White House correspondent Jake Tapper will be the interim anchor of This Week until Amanpour starts .
This Week competes with Face the Nation on CBS , Meet the Press on NBC and Fox News Sunday .
" With Christiane we have the opportunity to provide our audiences with something different on Sunday mornings , " said David Westin , president of ABC News .
" We will continue to provide the best in interviews and analysis about domestic politics and policies .
But now we will add to that an international perspective .
Christiane will bring the international and the domestic together , in the interviews she does and in the roundtable over which she presides . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
A small comic strip about how IT projects are developed .
There develops a gap in the expected product / solution from the client ’s side and from the development team ’s understanding of the requirements .
There is always a gap in communication which creates such problems in the industry .
Moral of the cartoon : Communication is crucial for success .
A lot of projects across industry fail simply because of a lack of properly communicated objectives which the project was intended to address .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Trick - or - treat event to be held downtown
A San Angelo business owner has set out to keep Halloween alive this year by planning a downtown - wide trick - or - treat with over 20 businesses .
One of the strangest side - effects of intense is time dilation , the apparent slowing - down of time .
It 's a common trope in movies and TV shows , like the memorable scene from The Matrix in which time slows down so dramatically that bullets fired at the hero seem to move at a walking pace .
In real life , our perceptions are n't keyed up quite that dramatically , but survivors of life - and - death situations often report that things seem to take longer to happen , objects fall more slowly , and they 're capable of complex thoughts in what would normally be the blink of an eye .
Now a research team from Israel reports that not only does time slow down , but that it slows down more for some than for others .
people , they found , experience greater time dilation in response to the same threat stimuli .
An intriguing result , and one that raises a more fundamental question : how , exactly , does the brain carry out this remarkable feat ?
Researcher David Eagleman has tackled his very issue in a very clever way .
He reasoned that when time seems to slow down in real life , our senses and must somehow speed up - either that , or time dilation is merely an illusion .
This is the riddle he set out to solve .
" Does the experience of slow motion really happen , " Eagleman says , " or does it only seem to have happened in retrospect ? "
To find out , he first needed a way to generate fear of sufficient intensity in his experimental subjects .
Instead of skydiving , he found a thrill ride near the university campus called Suspended Catch Air Device , an open - air tower from which participants are dropped , upside down , into a net 150 feet below .
There are no harnesses , no safety lines .
Subject plummet in free fall for three seconds , then hit the net at 70 miles per hour .
Was it scary enough to generate a sense of time dilation ?
To see , Eagleman asked subjects who'd already taken the plunge to estimate how long it took them to fall , using a stopwatch to tick off what they felt to be an equivalent amount of time .
Then he asked them to watch someone else fall and then estimate the elapsed time for their plunge in the same way .
On average , participants felt that their own experience had taken 36 percent longer .
Time dilation was in effect .
Next , Eagleman outfitted his test subjects with a special device that he and his students had constructed .
They called it the perceptual chronometer .
It 's a simple numeric display that straps to a user 's wrist , with a knob on the side let the researchers adjust the rate at which the numbers flash .
The idea was to dial up the speed of the flashing until it was just a bit too quick for the subject to read while looking at it in a non- mental state .
Eagleman reasoned that , if fear really does speed up our rate of perception , then once his subjects were in the terror of freefall , they should be able to make out the numbers on the display .
As it turned out , they could n't .
That means that fear does not actually speed up our rate of perception or mental processing .
Instead , it allows us to remember what we do experience in greater detail .
Since our perception of time is based on the number of things we remember , fearful experiences thus seem to unfold more slowly .
Eagleman 's findings are important not just for understanding the experience of fear , but for the very nature of consciousness .
After all , the test subjects who fell from the SCAD tower certainly believed , as they accelerated through freefall , that they knew what the experience was like at that very moment .
They thought that it seemed to be moving slowly .
Yet Eaglemen 's findings suggest that that sensation could only have been superimposed after the fact .
The implication is that we do n't really have a direct experience of what we 're feeling ‘ right now , ' but only a - an unreliable memory - of what we thought it felt like some seconds or milliseconds ago .
The vivid present tense we all think we inhabit might itself be a retroactive illusion .
UPDATE : For more on intense fear affects memory , see my new post , " The Moment That Lasts Forever . "
Candles For Valentines
If you only get one thing for Valentine ’s Day this year , make sure to get candles for Valentines .
No other purchase at this time of year gives you so many options if you want to celebrate the day with a loved one .
Just think of that you can do with the magic and beauty of candles on February 14 :
1 ) Bathe by candlelight .
Fill a bathtub with a richly scented bubble bath , sprinkle the foam bath with rose petals or other flower petals and turn out the lights .
Clusters of scented candles on the bathroom floor create a gorgeous oasis in your bathroom , especially when the candlelight reflects off the water .
Do n’t forget to play some wonderful music , and you ’ll have a wonderful Valentine ’s Day .
2 ) Create a romantic entranceway .
If your loved one is working on Valentine ’s Day , make their entrance a grand one .
Light candles and scatter flowers in the entrance of your home and have lighted candles or flower lead your loved one to their Valentine surprise .
This is one Valentine ’s they wo n’t forget !
3 ) Create the perfect bedroom for romance .
Light some beautiful scented candles in the bedroom , grouping them together in clusters and combining scents for a unique fragrance experience .
Turn out the lights and toss some rose petals on the bed .
Create a beautiful bedroom with soft throws , delicate curtains , and gorgeous bed linens .
It ’s the perfect setting for romance , especially with chilled champagne , two glasses , and a plate of chocolate strawberries by the bed .
For a really sumptuous evening in , try the Modern Alchemy D.L. & Co. Eros Candle .
With an exotic blend of ambrette seed , warm skin , and cordova leather , this candle is one way to ensure that the sparks really fly .
4 ) Create the ultimate candlelit dinner .
Most restaurants serve a special Valentine ’s Day meal , but most dining establishments are very hectic and overcrowded on this day of the year .
That ’s not exactly romantic .
You can create romance at home by creating a beautiful candle - lit dinner area in your own home .
Get out your best dinnerware ( hint :
If you do n’t have any , consignment shops and antique shops sell gorgeous individual plates for very little ) .
Throw a cloth tablecloth over a cozy table and top with dinner service , flowers , and beautiful scented candles .
If you can cook , treat that special someone to a home - cooked meal .
If cooking is not your strong suit , consider serving a delicious take - out meal that you can enjoy together .
Candles create the perfect mood , scent , and ambience for an evening of romance on Valentine ’s Day .
You can easily create the perfect Valentine ’s Day surprise with scented candles .
The glow and scent of these candles speak to romance like few other things can .
Also , while most people expect candy and flowers , candles are something that often gets overlooked at this time of year .
They are , however , one of those little details that can make your day together even more romantic .
Buy some quality scented candles today and prepare to sweep that someone special off their feet !
Ali Haider / European Pressphoto Agency
In an interview with my colleagues Rod Nordland and Tim Arango in Baghdad on Monday , Ayad Allawi , the former Iraqi exile who may become Iraq ’s next prime minister , described an incident from his past that has burnished his reputation for toughness .
In 1978 , he managed to fight off two ax - wielding assassins sent to kill him after he broke with Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party .
After Mr. Allawi returned from exile and was appointed Iraq ’s interim prime minister in 2004 , though , reports in the American and British press presented a less flattering view of his past .
In a 2005 New Yorker profile , Jon Lee Anderson even wrote :
Just as , in the past , Iraqis hid their true feelings about Saddam ’s brutal tyranny by referring to him as “ strict , ” Iraqis today commonly describe Allawi as “ tough . ”
It is an oddly polite term — a euphemism — that conceals varying degrees of fear , loathing , and admiration .
An Iraqi friend of Allawi’s who has close links to Jordan ’s Hashemite monarchy told me , “ Iyad ’s a thug , but a thug where he needs to be one .
The Americans who set this up call him Saddam Lite . ”
In a 2004 New York Times article , “ Ex- C.I.A . Aides Say Iraq Leader Helped Agency in 90’s Attacks , ” Joel Brinkley reported that Mr. Allawi “ ran an exile organization intent on deposing Saddam Hussein that sent agents into Baghdad in the early 1990 ’s to plant bombs and sabotage government facilities under the direction of the C.I.A. , several former intelligence officials say .
Dr. Allawi ’s group , the Iraqi National Accord , used car bombs and other explosive devices smuggled into Baghdad from northern Iraq , the officials said . ”
Although no public record of the bombing campaign was available , Mr. Brinkley ’s sources said that it had taken place between 1992 and 1995 , as his organization , the Iraqi National Accord , tried to set the stage for removing Mr. Hussein in a coup .
Mr. Brinkley explained :
The Iraqi government at the time claimed that the bombs , including one it said exploded in a movie theater , resulted in many civilian casualties .
But whether the bombings actually killed any civilians could not be confirmed because , as a former C.I.A. official said , the United States had no significant intelligence sources in Iraq then .
One former Central Intelligence Agency officer who was based in the region , Robert Baer , recalled that a bombing during that period “ blew up a school bus ; schoolchildren were killed . ”
Mr. Baer , a critic of the Iraq war , said he did not recall which resistance group might have set off that bomb .
Other former intelligence officials said Dr. Allawi ’s organization was the only resistance group involved in bombings and sabotage at that time .
But one former senior intelligence official recalled that “ bombs were going off to no great effect . ”
“ I do n’t recall very much killing of anyone , ” the official said .
Writing in Britain ’s Spectator later that year , Andrew Gilligan described Mr. Allawi ’s exile group as “ a small but influential collection of almost exclusively ex-Baathists who had held office but fallen out with Saddam .
From the beginning , the I.N.A. was never meant to be any sort of mass movement .
Its aim was never to bring democracy to Iraq , but to engineer a palace coup which would see , in Allawi ’s estimate , the top 30 to 40 leaders replaced by … well , people like himself . ”
Mr. Gilligan added :
The I.N.A. ’s most controversial operation during this period was a campaign of what can only be termed terrorism against civilians .
In 1994 and 1995 a series of bombings at cinemas , mosques and other public places in Baghdad claimed up to 100 civilian lives .
Just before Mr. Allawi took office in June 2004 , Seymour Hersh reported in The New Yorker that his past also reportedly included a stint with Iraq ’s intelligence agency , the Mukhabarat , before his falling out with the Baath Party .
His credentials as a neurologist , and his involvement during the past two decades in anti-Saddam activities , as the founder of the British - based Iraqi National Accord , have been widely reported .
But his role as a Baath Party operative while Saddam struggled for control in the nineteen - sixties and seventies — Saddam became President in 1979 — is much less well known .
“ Allawi helped Saddam get to power , ” an American intelligence officer told me .
“ He was a very effective operator and a true believer . ” Reuel Marc Gerecht , a former C.I.A. case officer who served in the Middle East , added , “ Two facts stand out about Allawi .
One , he likes to think of himself as a man of ideas ; and , two , his strongest virtue is that he ’s a thug . ” [ … ]
Allawi moved to London in 1971 , ostensibly to continue his medical education ; there he was in charge of the European operations of the Baath Party organization and the local activities of the Mukhabarat , its intelligence agency , until 1975 .
“ If you ’re asking me if Allawi has blood on his hands from his days in London , the answer is yes , he does , ” Vincent Cannistraro , the former C.I.A. officer , said .
“ He was a paid Mukhabarat agent for the Iraqis , and he was involved in dirty stuff . ”
Asked about reports of his links to Iraqi intelligence during his early years in England , Mr. Allawi told The New Yorker they were not ture :
“ No , no , ” he protested .
“ First of all , I never worked as a government official , never ever .
Neither as a Mukhabarat nor anything else .
Second , there was not anything called Mukhabarat when I left Iraq . ”
He explained that the organization known by that name had come into existence only in 1973 — a rather technical argument , given that mukhabarat is an Arab word that means “ intelligence . ”
He added that when a precursor agency to the Mukhabarat was created he had argued against it at a Party meeting .
In an article headlined “ A Tough Guy Tries to Tame Iraq , ” the following month , my colleague Dexter Filkins noted that Mr. Allawi ’s past links to the C.I.A. and the Baath Party appealed to some Iraqis :
Mr. Allawi is known for his decade of work in trying to topple Mr. Hussein , but he is a former Baathist himself , with suggestions among those who regard him with suspicion that he once engaged in thuggish work on the party ’s behalf .
That tough - guy past , even his former association with the Central Intelligence Agency , seems to warm the hearts of many Iraqis who miss Mr. Hussein ’s iron - fisted ways .
“ That Allawi worked for the C.I.A. may be a problem for Americans , ” an Iraqi journalist said in conversation recently , “ but it is not a problem for Iraqis . ”
In his New Yorker profile , Mr. Anderson noted that Mr. Allawi ’s group of Iraqi exiles , like that of his cousin Ahmed Chalabi , provided information on weapons of mass destruction in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq in 2003 that subsequently turned out to be untrue .
Coming up with a way to characterize a major comparison of desktop processors like this one is n’t always easy .
Since our initial review of Intel ’s Clarkdale processors , the desktop CPU market has shifted in a number of ways both big and small .
For one , Clarkdale CPUs have proliferated everywhere , and we ’ve gotten our hands on one model , the Core i3 - 530 , that promises to be a much better value than the relatively high - end Core i5 - 661 that we first reviewed .
To counter , AMD has introduced five new value - oriented CPUs , ranging from two cores to four , including the Athlon II X4 635 , a potent value quad - core priced directly opposite the Core i3-530 .
Naturally , we ’ve tested these two direct competitors against one another , considered their power consumption , and plumbed the depths of their overclocking potential .
But we ’ve also had Damage Labs churning away around the clock to expand our CPU results substantially .
We now have test results for processors priced as low as $ 74 and as much as a grand .
Not only that , but we ’ve looked back in time by testing a pair of older CPUs including the always interesting Pentium 4 670 at 3.8 GHz to give potential upgraders a sense of what they might have to gain .
Join us as we navigate a sea of test results and consider the best values available in today ’s desktop processors .
The Clarkdale continuum
At a price of just $ 113 , the Core i3 - 530 is much more reasonably priced for a dual - core processor than the Core i5 - 661 we considered in our first Clarkdale review .
Yet because it ’s a Clarkdale processor , the Core i3 -530 has inherited much of the goodness from its elder siblings in the Core i7 line , including the ability to track and execute two threads per processor core ( known as Hyper - Threading in Intel marketing parlance ) , an integrated DDR3 memory controller , and a CPU microarchitecture that does an awful lot of work in every clock cycle .
In truth , Clarkdale processors are rather unique , because they ’re really two chips in one package : a 32 - nm dual - core Westmere processor and a second , 45 - nm chip that houses a memory controller , an integrated graphics processor ( IGP ) , and PCI Express logic .
Pentium E6500 , Core i3 -530 , and Core i5 - 661
Clarkdale CPUs will plug into LGA1155 or LGA1156 - style sockets , but you ’ll need an LGA1155 motherboard to take advantage of the integrated graphics .
Here ’s a look at how the i3 -530 fits into the broader Clarkdale lineup :
Model Cores Threads Base core
clock speed Peak
Turbo clock speed L3
cache size IGP speed TDP Price Pentium
G6950 2 2 2.8 GHz – 3MB 533 MHz 73W $ 87 Core i3-530 2 4 2.93 GHz – 4MB 733 MHz 73W $ 113 Core i3-540 2 4 3.06 GHz – 4MB 733 MHz 73W $ 133 Core i5-650 2 4 3.20 GHz 3.46 GHz 4MB 733 MHz 73W $ 176 Core i5-660 2 4 3.33 GHz 3.60 GHz 4MB 733 MHz 73W $ 196 Core i5-661 2 4 3.33 GHz 3.60 GHz 4MB 900 MHz 87W $ 196 Core i5-670 2 4 3.46 GHz 3.73 GHz 4MB 733 MHz 73W $ 284
One perk Intel has stripped out of the relatively inexpensive i3 -530 is the Turbo Boost feature that raises clock speeds opportunistically when thermal headroom is available .
Fortunately , the i3 -530 ’s base frequency of 2.93GHz is pretty respectable all by itself .
The i3 -530 has the same 73 W thermal design power rating as the rest of the lineup , except for the weirdo i5 - 661 , whose higher - clocked IGP contributes to its 87W TDP .
We ’ve tested both the i3 -530 and the i5 - 661 , and through the magic of underclocking , we have simulated the Core i3 - 540 , as well .
Of course , Intel ’s product lineup extends well beyond Clarkdale , to the Core i5 - 700 - and Core i7 - 800 - series quad - core Lynnfield processors and into the beefy Core i7-900 - series CPUs with triple - channel memory controllers .
Model Cores Threads Base core
clock speed Peak
Turbo clock speed L3
cache size Memory channels TDP Price Core i5 - 750 4 4 2.66 GHz 3.20 GHz 8MB 2 95 W $ 196 Core i7-860 4 8 2.80 GHz 3.46 GHz 8MB 2 95 W $ 284 Core i7-870 4 8 2.93 GHz 3.60 GHz 8MB 2 95 W $ 562 Core i7-920 4 8 2.66 GHz 2.93 GHz 8MB 3 130W $ 284 Core i7-960 4 8 3.20 GHz 3.46 GHz 8MB 3 130W $ 562 Core i7-975
Extreme 4 8 3.33 GHz 3.60 GHz 8MB 3 130W $ 999
We ’ve included representatives from nearly every rung of the ladder , including one relative newcomer , the Core i7-960 .
At $ 562 , the Core i7 - 960 costs just over half what the thousand - dollar Core i7-975 Extreme does , yet the difference between them is only 133MHz .
( Well , the Core i7-975 Extreme earns its extremeness by offering an unlocked upper multiplier for the overclocking crowd , too .
But you have to ask yourself : how much is an unlocked multiplier worth ? )
The Core i7 -960 replaces the i7-950 at the same price point , a reshuffling no doubt prompted by the introduction of the very potent Core i7 - 870 at the same price on another socket .
A five - way refresh from AMD
Not long after the debut of the Clarkdale lineup , AMD conducted a freshening up of nearly its entire desktop CPU range .
This move was unusual in a couple of ways : because it involved the introduction of five new CPU models at once , and because each one of them represents only a 100MHz clock speed increase over the prior incumbent at the same price point .
The update was broad but incremental , serving as a bit of a price cut and a minor performance boost .
The case is not without some singular features , though , as Sherlock Holmes would say .
In fact , this calls for us to bust out our table of the current processor types , like so :
Code name Key products Cores Threads Last - level cache size Process
node ( Nanometers ) Estimated transistors ( Millions ) Die area ( mm² ) Penryn Core 2 Duo 2 2 6 MB 45 410 107 Bloomfield Core i7 4 8 8 MB 45 731 263 Lynnfield Core i5 , i7 4 8 8 MB 45 774 296 Westmere Core i3 , i5 2 4 4 MB 32 383 81 Deneb Phenom II 4 4 6 MB 45 758 258 Propus / Rana Athlon II
X4/X3 4 4 512 KB x 4 45 300 169 Regor Athlon II X2 2 2 1 MB x 2 45 234 118
Athlon II X2 processors are based on the chip code - named Regor , a relative newcomer to AMD ’s lineup .
Regor features two Phenom II - class processor cores , each with 1MB of L2 cache .
Like other Athlon IIs , it has no L3 cache .
Regor may not impress the ladies with its neck - snapping acceleration , but it ’s a relatively small chip that ought to draw power rather modestly and be cheap to produce .
The Athlon II X2 255 , for instance , has a healthy 3.1GHz clock speed , a 65W TDP , and a price tag of just 74 bucks not a bad combo , all things considered .
We ’ve picked up another code name in our table along the way , too : “ Rana , ” used to denote Athlon II X3 chips based on the Propus silicon that powers the value quad - core Athlon II X4 chips .
Why we need another code name for the same silicon with a core disabled is beyond me , but I think the answer has to do with the fact that additional code names cost nothing .
And marketing people need something to do with their time .
The logic seems to be : “ Yeah , I used to be called Bart , before I lost my leg in ‘nam and changed my name to Dexter . ”
Regardless of the code - name chicanery , AMD ’s value - oriented quad - and triple - core parts are a pretty savvy response to the excellent Core i3 .
AMD ca n’t offer you Clarkdale - class computing power in two cores , but they can give you more cores at the same price at the cost of some additional power consumption and heat production .
The first five lines of the table below detail the new models AMD recently introduced .
Model Cores Base core
clock speed Last - level cache size Black Edition ?
TDP Price Athlon II X2
255 2 3.1GHz 2 x 1 MB L2 – 65 W $ 74 Athlon II X3
440 3 3.0GHz 3 x 512 KB
L2 – 95 W $ 84 Athlon II X4
635 4 2.9GHz 4 x 512 KB
L2 – 95 W $ 119 Phenom II X2
555 2 3.2GHz 6 MB L3 Y 80W $ 99 Phenom II X4
910e 4 2.6GHz 6 MB L3 – 65 W $ 169 Phenom II X4
965 4 3.4GHz 6 MB L3 Y 125W $ 195
We ’ve tested four of the five new parts , including all of the Athlon II chips .
The Phenom II X4 910e is a low - power version of the Phenom II with a 65W TDP .
We have n’t had time to run it through our full benchmark suite , but we have measured its power efficiency .
The one new model we ’ve neglected , simply due to lack of time , is the Phenom II X2 555 , a dual - core variant of the Phenom II that ’s also a Black Edition chip with an unlocked multiplier .
We happen to think the Athlon II X3 and X4 processors are potentially more compelling , but if you want to get a feel for how the X2 555 might perform , we have a full set of results for its younger sibling , the X2 550 .
If you squint hard enough when reading our graphs , you wo n’t be able to see the effect the extra 100MHz might have in the X2 555 , anyhow .
I ’ve included the Phenom II X4 965 in the table above because it represents the absolute top end of AMD ’s desktop CPU line at only $ 195 .
AMD ca n’t really ask any more than that given Intel ’s current performance dominance , and the situation has led to a very compressed product stack .
AMD does offer a host of Athlon II and Phenom II processors at varying price points and clock frequencies , but the differences between them are fairly small .
One thing you wo n’t find in the new lineup : a Phenom II X3 processor .
The triple - core options now appear to be confined to the Athlon II line , which probably makes sense under the circumstances .
Kicking it old school with LGA775
In response to CPU round - ups like this one , we often get requests for the inclusion of older processors , so folks can have a better sense of how an upgrade might serve them .
Happily , this time around , we were able to test a couple of older processors as points of reference .
The newer of the two is the Core 2 Quad Q6600 , which debuted just over three years ago at a very healthy price of $ 851 .
A 2.4GHz quad - core part based on 65 - nm Conroe / Kentsfield silicon , the Q6600 became an enduring enthusiast favorite as its price dropped over time .
I expect these CPUs are still at work in the systems of quite a few TR readers to this day .
What ’s more , the Q6600 ’s showing in single - and dual - threaded applications should essentially match that of the Core 2 Duo E6600 , another popular pick from the same period .
If that ’s not old school enough for you , how about some Prescott action ?
The Pentium 4 670 is a single - core , 90 - nanometer CPU clocked at a heady 3.8GHz .
The P4 670 first hit the market nearly five years ago and was among the fastest desktop processors Intel offered at the time .
Of course , that was a rather dark time for Intel , because AMD had an iron grip on the performance leadespecially in games .
Still , the P4 670 was essentially state of the art , with reasonably competitive performance overall .
In fact , it ’s pretty much as far back as we can reach in Intel ’s product stable while maintaining compatibility with our 64 - bit operating system and applications .
The applications in today ’s benchmark suite are much more broadly multithreaded , too , which could allow the P4 to take better advantage of its Hyper - Threading capability than it could back in the day .
Then again , I would n’t get too worked up about the prospects for a dual - threaded , 3.8 GHz CPU from five years ago if I were you .
We ’ve used older Intel processors for comparison not to rub Intel ’s nose in a troubled period from its past , but because of the incredible track record of socket compatibility the firm has amassed during LGA775 ’s run .
Older motherboards were n’t always capable of supporting newer CPUs , but we were able to drop both the Q6600 and the P4 670 in our new Asus G43 motherboard , boot up , and go to town .
That enabled us to include these CPUs without the need to equip an additional test system .
Key contests to watch
Since we ’ve tested such a broad range of processors , let me point out a few match - ups between Intel and AMD that are worth watching .
The main one , of course , is our headliner , the contest between the Core i3 -530 at $ 113 and the Athlon II X4 635 at $ 119 .
You know the outlines of that one .
Pay careful attention to the contrasts in performance , power draw , and overclocking potential between these two processors , because I have a feeling this could be a close one , all told .
We do n’t often test CPUs as cheap as the Athlon II X2 255 , which rings up at just 74 bucks .
But we have this time , and we ’ve also tested its direct rival from Intel at the same price , the Pentium E6500 .
The E6500 is based on an older Penryn ( Core 2 Duo ) chip running at 2.93GHz on a 1066MHz bus with just 2 MB of L2 cache .
Those specs ought to put it very close to the X2 255 , which ticks away at 3.1GHz and has a total of 2MB of L2 cache , as well .
Penryn ’s per-clock performance has generally been a little better than recent AMD processors , so the outcome is in no way assured .
Both processors share the same 65W TDP rating .
I wish we had a Pentium G6950 to compare to the Athlon II X3 440 , because those two chips are direct competitors .
Perhaps we can snag one for testing next time around , but we at least have full results for the X3 440 now .
Test notes
We ’ve mentioned that we underclocked the Core i5 - 661 to 2.8GHz in order to simulate the Core i3-540 .
Although we did change the core clock to the proper speed , the processor ’s uncore clock remained at the i5 - 661 ’s stock frequency .
We believe shipping Core i3 - 540 processors have a 2.13GHz uncore clock , while the i5 - 661 has a 2.4GHz uncore clock , so our simulated processor may perform slightly better than the real item due to a higher L3 cache speed .
The differences are likely to be very minor , based on our experience with Lynnfield parts the L3 cache is incredibly fast , regardless  but we thought you should know about that possibility .
Additionally , our Core i7 -960 is an underclocked Core i7-975 Extreme , but in that case , we ’re fairly certain all of the clocks match what they should , since Bloomfield gives us a little more control over such things .
In order to run the Core i7 -960 ’s memory at 1333MHz , we raised its uncore clock to 2.66GHz .
That comes with the territory , and I expect many Core i7 - 960 owners have done the same .
As is our custom , we ’ve omitted the simulated processor speed grades from our power consumption testing .
After consulting with our readers , we ’ve decided to enable Windows ’ “ Balanced ” power profile for the bulk of our desktop processor tests , which means power - saving features like SpeedStep and Cool ’n ’ Quiet are operating .
( In the past , we only enabled these features for power consumption testing . )
Our spot checks demonstrated to us that , typically , there ’s no performance penalty for enabling these features on today ’s CPUs .
If there is a real - world penalty to enabling these features , well , we think that ’s worthy of inclusion in our measurements , since the vast majority of desktop processors these days will spend their lives with these features enabled .
We did disable these power management features to measure cache latencies , but otherwise , it was unnecessary to do so .
Our testing methods
As ever , we did our best to deliver clean benchmark numbers .
Tests were run at least three times , and we reported the median of the scores produced .
Our test systems were configured like so :
Processor Athlon II X2 255 3.1GHz Athlon II X3 440 3.0GHz Athlon II X4 630 2.8GHz Athlon II X4 635 2.9GHz Phenom II X2 550 3.1GHz Phenom II X4 910e 2.6GHz Phenom II X4 965 3.4GHz
Pentium E6500 2.93GHz
Core
2 Duo E7600 3.06GHz Core 2 Quad Q6600 2.4GHz Pentium
4 670 3.8GHz
Core
2 Duo E8600 3.33 GHz Core 2 Quad Q9400 2.66 GHz
Motherboard Gigabyte
MA785G - UD2H Asus
P5G43T -M Pro Asus
P5G43T -M Pro Asus
P5G43T -M Pro North bridge 785GX G43
MCH G43
MCH G43
MCH South bridge SB750 ICH10R ICH10R ICH10R Memory size 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) Memory
type Corsair CM3X2G1600C9DHXNV DDR3 SDRAM Corsair CM3X2G1800C8D DDR3 SDRAM Corsair CM3X2G1800C8D DDR3 SDRAM Corsair CM3X2G1800C8D DDR3 SDRAM
Memory
speed 1333
MHz 1066
MHz 800
MHz 1333
MHz Memory
timings 8-8-8-20 2T
7-7-7-20 2T 7-7-7-20 2T 8-8-8-20 2T
Chipset drivers – INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 Audio Integrated SB750 / ALC889A with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers Integrated ICH10R / ALC887 with
Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers Integrated ICH10R/ALC887 with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers Integrated ICH10R / ALC887
with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers
Processor Core
i5-750 2.66GHz
Core i7-870 2.93 GHz
Core
i3-530 2.93 GHz
Core
i3-540 3.06GHz
Core i5 -661 3.33 GHz
Core
i7-920 2.66 GHz
Core
i7-960 3.2GHz Core i7-975 Extreme 3.33GHz
Motherboard Gigabyte
P55A - UD6 Asus
P7H57D -V EVO Gigabyte
EX58 - UD3R Gigabyte
X58A - UD5R North bridge P55
PCH H57
PCH X58
IOH X58
IOH South bridge ICH10R ICH10R Memory size 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 6GB
( 3 DIMMs ) 6GB
( 3 DIMMs ) Memory type Corsair CM3X2G1600C8D DDR3 SDRAM Corsair CMD4GX3M2A1600C8 DDR3 SDRAM OCZ OCZ3B2133LV2G DDR3 SDRAM Corsair TR3X6G1600C8D DDR3 SDRAM
Memory
speed 1333
MHz 1333
MHz 1066
MHz 1333
MHz Memory
timings 8-8-8-20 2T
8-8-8-20 2T 7-7-7-20 2T 8-8-8-20 2T
Chipset drivers INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 INF
update 9.1.1.1020 Rapid Storage Technology 9.5.0.1037 Audio Integrated P55 PCH / ALC889 with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers Integrated H57 PCH / ALC889 with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers Integrated ICH10R/ ALC888 with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers Integrated ICH10R/ ALC889 with Realtek 6.0.1.5995 drivers
They all shared the following common elements :
Hard drive WD
RE3 WD1002FBYS 1TB SATA Discrete
graphics Asus
ENGTX260 TOP SP216 ( GeForce GTX 260 ) with ForceWare 195.62 drivers OS Windows
7 Ultimate x64 Edition RTM OS
updates DirectX
August 2009 update Power
supply PC
Power & Cooling Silencer 610 Watt
I ’d like to thank Asus , Corsair , Gigabyte , OCZ , and WD for helping to outfit our test rigs with some of the finest hardware available .
Thanks to Intel and AMD for providing the processors , as well , of course .
The test systems ’
Windows desktops were set at 1600 × 1200 in 32 - bit color at an 85 Hz screen refresh rate .
Vertical refresh sync ( vsync ) was disabled .
We used the following versions of our test applications :
The tests and methods we employ are usually publicly available and reproducible .
If you have questions about our methods , hit our forums to talk with us about them .
Power consumption and efficiency
We have pages and pages of performance data to show you , but let ’s start with our power consumption tests , since that ’s a very important characteristic of a CPU these days and is especially relevant to our key match - ups .
For these tests , we used an Extech 380803 power meter to capture power use over a span of time .
The meter reads power use at the wall socket , so it incorporates power use from the entire system the CPU , motherboard , memory , graphics solution , hard drives , and anything else plugged into the power supply unit .
( We plugged the computer monitor into a separate outlet . )
We measured how each of our test systems used power across a set time period , during which time we ran Cinebench ’s multithreaded rendering test .
We ’ll start with the show - your - work stuff , plots of the raw power consumption readings .
We ’ve broken things down by socket type in order to keep them manageable .
Please note that , because our Asus H57 motherboard tends to draw more power than we ’d like , we ’ve tested power consumption for the Core i5 - 530 and the Core i5 - 661 on our P55 mobo , instead .
You ’ll notice that the Pentium 4 670 could n’t finish rendering the scene before our test period ended .
That presented us with a real problem .
In fact , we had to extend the P4 ’s test period to nearly twice the usual length in order to capture the full scene render .
We can slice up these raw data in various ways in order to better understand them .
We ’ll start with a look at idle power , taken from the trailing edge of our test period , after all CPUs have completed the render .
System power draw at idle is still very much influenced by how well the CPU is able to shut down parts of itself when dropping into lower power states , as these numbers attest .
The latest Intel processors , both the Clarkdales and Lynnfields , come out looking very good .
The newer LGA775 CPUs have nice , low power draw at idle , as well .
The results for the Q6600 and the Pentium 4 670 tell the story of considerable progress for Intel over time , even in the same socket type .
Interestingly , our quad - core Phenom II - based systems just match our Q6600 - based one , suggesting AMD is a couple of generations behind in terms of power reductions at idle .
Fortunately , the Propus - and Regor - based Athlon IIs move the needle a bit .
Our Athlon II X2 255 - based test rig only pulls 7W more than its Pentium E6500 - based rival .
Next , we can look at peak power draw by taking an average from the ten - second span from 15 to 25 seconds into our test period , when the processors were rendering .
Intel has a more pronounced lead when it comes to peak power draw .
Consider the Pentium E6500 versus the Athlon II X2 255 : the Athlon II - based system draws 28 W more under load .
Our Core i3 -530 system pulls 50W less than our Athlon II X4 635 - based one .
The gap between the Core i5 - 750 and the Phenom II X4 965 systems is 40W , also in Intel ’s favor .
Only the Bloomfield Core i7 processors , with their extra memory channel , draw more power than the X4 965 .
AMD is capable of making CPUs that require fewer watts , as the results for the Phenom II X4 910e attest .
Too bad those low - power Phenom IIs are n’t the norm .
We can highlight power efficiency by looking at total energy use over our time span .
This method takes into account power use both during the render and during the idle time .
We can express the result in terms of watt - seconds , also known as joules .
( In this case , to keep things manageable , we ’re using kilojoules . )
Notice that the Pentium 4 670 is n’t included above , since its total test period was much longer .
We can pinpoint efficiency more effectively by considering the amount of energy used for the task .
Since the different systems completed the render at different speeds , we ’ve isolated the render period for each system .
We ’ve then computed the amount of energy used by each system to render the scene .
This method should account for both power use and , to some degree , performance , because shorter render times may lead to less energy consumption .
Let ’s first pause to collect our breath and wonder at the amount of progress we ’ve seen since on this front since the Pentium 4 days .
The P4 670 system requires over seven and a half times the energy that our most efficient contender , the Core i7 - 870 system , does to render this scene .
On the exact same motherboard , in the same socket , the P4 670 uses 6.2 times the power Core 2 Quad Q9400 does to complete the same work .
The move from one core to four has no doubt played a big part in this progress , but obviously , advances of many types have produced these gains .
These efficiency numbers tell us Intel ’s processors generally have solid performance to go with their relatively low power consumption .
Notably , the Bloomfield Core i7-975 and i7-920 have moved into the upper ranks , because they ’re able to finish the job more than quickly enough to compensate for their relatively high peak power draw .
That same dynamic propels the Phenom IIs past the Athlon IIs among AMD ’s offerings .
Memory subsystem performance
Now that we ’ve considered power efficiency , we ’ll move on to our performance results , beginning with some synthetic tests of the CPUs ’ memory subsystems .
These results do n’t track directly with real - world performance , but they do give us some insights into the CPU and system architectures involved .
For this first test , the graph is pretty crowded .
I ’ve tried to be selective , generally only choosing one representative from each architecture .
This test is multithreaded , so more cores with associated L1 and L2 cachescan lead to higher throughput .
If you follow one of the individual lines , say the Core i7 -975 Extreme , you can see how bandwidth declines from the L1 caches to the L2 , and from the L2 into the L3 .
I ’d like to see finer - grained results , so we could discern between CPUs with , say , 2MB of L2 cache and those with more .
The results we do have are somewhat enlightening , but do n’t really show us all we ’d like to see .
One result that ’s easily discernible : the Pentium 4 ’s cache bandwidth is n’t exactly torrential .
Then again , with only one core , the deck is stacked against it .
Notice that the Core 2 Duo E8600 ’s L2 bandwidth , at points from 128KB to 1MB , is about twice the P4 670’s .
This graph becomes almost impossible to read once we get to the larger block sizes , where we ’re really measuring main memory bandwidth .
Stream is a better test of that particular attribute , though .
These results are separated neatly by CPU type .
The triple - channel Bloomfield Core i7s are fastest , followed by the Lynnfields , Clarkdales , and Socket AM3 processors .
The LGA775 CPUs , with their front - side bus bottleneck , are last and even they are distinguished pretty cleanly according to bus frequency .
Obviously , the move to integrated memory controllers has improved system bandwidth considerably : the Core i7-975 outperforms the Q6600 by a factor of four and the Pentium 4 670 by , roughly , a factor of five .
Integrated memory controllers have also lowered memory access latencies substantially , but the Clarkdale processors are an exception .
Their dual - chip - per - package arrangement , with the memory controller on a separate chip from the processor cores , apparently contributes quite a bit of additional latency .
In essentially the same socket , the Core i7 - 870 needs about half the time to get to memory that the Core i3 - 530 does .
Everything else with an integrated memory controller is much quicker .
Borderlands
This is my favorite game in a long , long time , so I had to use in it our latest CPU test suite .
Borderlands is based on Unreal Engine technology and includes built - in speed test , which we used here .
We tested with the game set to its highest quality settings at a range of resolutions .
The results from the lowest resolutions will highlight the separation between the CPUs best , so I ’d pay the most attention to them .
The higher resolution results demonstrate what happens when the GeForce GTX 260 graphics card begins to restrict frame rates .
The GPU bottleneck serves to limit the disparities between the CPUs somewhat as the display resolution increases , but in this case , its impact is n’t especially dramatic .
The finishing order changes little from one resolution to the next , and the frame rates hardly change at all in the bottom half of the pack .
If you ’re primarily concerned with relative CPU performance , you ’ll want to focus on our lowest - resolution results .
Those show us that the Core i3 -530 is a little faster in this game than the Athlon II X4 635 , although the X4 635 ’s frame rates still average in the 50’s , which should be plenty fast .
I would n’t pay too much attention to the minimum frame rates in this particular case ; they do n’t seem to be primarily determined by CPU speed , and they all fall within the same basic range .
I ’ve been saying for ages that most of today ’s games will run well on just about any desktop processor .
That ’s true in part because most games are co-developed for game consoles , whose CPUs are weaker than , well , me trying to climb the rope in gym class .
Still , in the Pentium 4 670 , we have finally found a processor that ca n’t run a contemporary game well .
The Q6600 has no trouble , though .
I have two more things to note about Borderlands .
One , this game does n’t seem to benefit from having more than two cores available .
The Core 2 Duo E8600 outperforms the Q9400 , for instance , and all of the Athlon II chips hit similar frame rates .
Two , the Phenom II processors appear to get a nice boost out of their L3 caches .
The Athlon II chips suffer by comparison .
DiRT 2
This excellent new racer packs a nicely scriptable performance test .
We tested at the game ’s “ high ” quality presets with 4X antialiasing .
I ’m growing tired of watching the GPU bottleneck take over , but I know some of you want to see all of these results .
Generally speaking , this game makes good use of at least four cores ( or threads ) , and the non-Clarkdale dual - cores cluster at the bottom of the charts .
The Athlon II X4 and Core i3 processors maintain a pretty close parity here , although the Athlon IIs have a slight advantage .
Modern Warfare 2
With Modern Warfare 2 , we used FRAPS to record frame rates over the course of a 60 - second gameplay session .
We conducted this gameplay session five times on each CPU and have reported the median score from each processor .
We ’ve also graphed the frame rates from a single , representative session for each .
We tested this game at a relatively low 1024×768 resolution , with no AA , but otherwise using the highest in - game visual quality settings .
Practically speaking , any of these processors except the Pentium 4 670  will serve just fine for Modern Warfare 2 .
Once more , the frame rate gap between the Core i3 and Athlon II X4 processors is negligible .
When minimum frame rates do n’t drop below 50 FPS , you ’re pretty much golden .
If you have a Pentium 4 still , you ’re kinda not .
Left 4 Dead 2
We tested Left 4 Dead 2 by playing back a custom demo using the game ’s timedemo function .
Again , we had all of the image quality options cranked , and we tested with 16X anisotropic filtering and 4X antialiasing .
The game ’s multi-core rendering option was , of course , enabled .
Ah , now here is an example of a GPU bottleneck truly taking over at higher resolutions .
Then again , we ’re talking about a bottleneck that appears to limit frame rates to the mid-90’s .
At lower resolutions , we have a dead heat between the Core i3 -530 and the Athlon II X4 635 , amazingly enough .
They ’re both right in the middle of the pack , though they take very different roads to get there .
Judging by the overall results , frame rates in this game are influenced pretty heavily by cache size and core count .
The top ranks are populated exclusively by quad - core CPUs with large caches .
Source engine particle simulation
Next up is a test we picked up during a visit to Valve Software , the developers of the Half - Life games .
They had been working to incorporate support for multi-core processors into their Source game engine , and they cooked up some benchmarks to demonstrate the benefits of multithreading .
This test runs a particle simulation inside of the Source engine .
Most games today use particle systems to create effects like smoke , steam , and fire , but the realism and interactivity of those effects are limited by the available computing horsepower .
Valve ’s particle system distributes the load across multiple CPU cores .
The newer Intel processors seem to gain quite a bit from Hyper - Threading in this testwitness the Core i5 - 661 nearly matching the HT - less Core i5 -750 .
Astoundingly , the Core i7 -975 Extreme achieves over nine times the throughput of the Pentium 4 670 .
Productivity and general use software
We have , for quite some time now , used WorldBench in our CPU tests .
Over that time , we ’ve found that some of WorldBench ’s tests can be rather temperamental and may refuse to run periodically .
We ’ve also found that some of the same tests tend to have inconsistent results that are n’t always influenced much by processor performance .
Other applications in WorldBench 6 , like the Windows Media Encoder 9 test , make little or no use of multithreading , despite the fact that such applications are typically nicely multithreaded these days .
As a result , we ’ve decided to limit our use of WorldBench to a selection of its applications , rather than the full suite .
MS Office productivity
This test fires up multiple applications from the Microsoft Office suite and switches back and forth between them in order to simulate a multitasking user session .
Even so , it does n’t demand or extract much from additional CPU cores , and really , there ’s little separation between the CPUs overall .
Even the Pentium 4 670 is n’t that slow in the grand scheme of things .
Firefox web browsing
AMD ’s Athlon IIs struggle here compared to the Core i3 processors , likely due to their smaller caches .
The Phenom II chips , with their L3 caches , fare pretty well .
Heck , even the Athlon II X2 255 , with its larger L2 caches , outruns the Athlon II X3 and X4 chips .
Then again , the Athlon IIs finish in the order of their core clock frequencies , so who knows ?
Multitasking – Firefox and Windows Media Encoder
This one encodes a video in the background while running the same Firefox browser test used above .
Adding that background task changes surprisingly little about the overall results .
Among the AMD chips , the finishing order is unchanged .
File compression and encryption
7 - Zip file compression and decompression
This application scales nicely with multiple threads and cores , and the four true cores of the Athlon II X4 deliver a victory over the Core i3 , although the margin of victory is thinner than one might think .
WinZip file compression
If you keep moldy , old executables like WinZip 10 around , here ’s the sort of behavior you can expect .
Without multiple threads , WinZip 10 relies on the computing power a single CPU core .
TrueCrypt disk encryption
Here ’s a new addition at our readers ’ request .
This full - disk encryption suite includes a performance test , for obvious reasons .
We tested with a 50 MB buffer size and , because the benchmark spits out a lot of data , averaged and summarized the results in a couple of different ways .
TrueCrypt does n’t yet support Westmere ’s new encryption - related AES instructions .
We ’ll have to try this test again once the software is updated to make use of them .
I ’m going to talk about the overall average results , since those are easy enough to grasp quickly .
Feel free to browse through the more detailed results below if you ’re interested .
For our purposes , the most obviously notable outcome is the Athlon II X4 635 ’s pronounced advantage over the Core i3-530 .
Also noteworthy : the fastest Core i7 manages more than eight times the throughput of the Pentium 4 670 .
Image processing
The Panorama Factory photo stitching
The Panorama Factory handles an increasingly popular image processing task : joining together multiple images to create a wide - aspect panorama .
This task can require lots of memory and can be computationally intensive , so The Panorama Factory comes in a 64 - bit version that ’s widely multithreaded .
I asked it to join four pictures , each eight megapixels , into a glorious panorama of the interior of Damage Labs .
In the past , we ’ve added up the time taken by all of the different elements of the panorama creation wizard and reported that number , along with detailed results for each operation .
However , doing so is incredibly data - input - intensive , and the process tends to be dominated by a single , long operation : the stitch .
So this time around , we ’ve simply decided to report the stitch time , which saves us a lot of work and still gets at the heart of the matter .
Once more , the Athlon II X4 635 ’s four real cores grant it the edge over the Core i3-530 .
Six seconds of destiny !
The Pentium E6500 outperforms the Athlon II X2 255 , though .
picCOLOR image processing and analysis
picCOLOR was created by Dr. Reinert H. G. Müller of the FIBUS Institute .
This is n’t Photoshop ; picCOLOR ’s image analysis capabilities can be used for scientific applications like particle flow analysis .
Dr. Müller has supplied us with new revisions of his program for some time now , all the while optimizing picCOLOR for new advances in CPU technology , including SSE extensions , multiple cores , and Hyper - Threading .
Many of its individual functions are multithreaded .
Recently , at our request , Dr. Müller graciously agreed to re-tool his picCOLOR benchmark to incorporate some real - world usage scenarios .
As a result , we now have four new tests that employ picCOLOR for image analysis .
I ’ve included explanations of each test from Dr. Müller below .
Particle Image Velocimetry ( PIV ) is being used for flow measurement in air and water .
The medium ( air or water ) is seeded with tiny particles ( 1..5 um diameter , smoke or oil fog in air ,
titanium dioxide in water ) .
The tiny particles will follow the flow more or less exactly , except may be
in very strong sonic shocks or extremely strong vortices .
Now , two images are taken within a very
short time interval , for instance 1us .
Illumination is a very thin laser light sheet .
Image resolution is
1280 ×1024 pixels .
The particles will have moved a little with the flow in the short time interval and
the resulting displacement of each particle gives information on the local flow speed and direction .
The calculation is done with cross-correlation in small sub-windows ( 32×32 , or 64×64 pixel ) with some
overlap .
Each sub - window will produce a displacement vector that tells us everything about flow speed
and direction .
The calculation can easily be done multithreaded and is implemented in picCOLOR with
up to 8 threads and more on request .
All of picCOLOR ’s results are indexed against a reference system , based on a Pentium III 1GHz , whose performance equals a score of 1.0 in each test .
For instance , in the Particle Image Velocimetry test above , the Core i7-975 Extreme is a staggering 36.2 times faster than the PIII 1GHz , and even the Pentium 4 670 offers 4.7 times the speed .
Real Time 3D Object Tracking is used for tracking of airplane wing and helicopter blade deflection and deformation in wind tunnel tests .
Especially for comparison with numerical simulations , the exact deformation
of a wing has to be known .
An important application for high speed tracking is the testing of wing flutter , a
very dangerous phenomenon .
Here , a measurement frequency of 1000 Hz and more is required to solve the
complex and possibly disastrous motion of an aircraft wing .
The function first tracks the objects in 2 images
using small recognizable markers on the wing and a stereo camera set - up .
Then , a 3D - reconstruction
follows in real time using matrix conversions .
. . .
This test is single threaded , but will be converted to 3 threads in the future .
Multi Barcodes :
With this test , several different bar codes are searched on a large image ( 3200×4400 pixel ) .
These codes are simple 2D codes , EAN13 ( =UPC ) and 2 of 5 .
They can be in any rotation and can be extremely fine
( down to 1.5 pixel for the thinnest lines ) .
To find the bar codes , the test uses several filters ( some of them multithreaded ) .
The bar code edge processing is single threaded , though .
Label Recognition / Rotation is being used as an important pre-processing step for character reading ( OCR ) .
For this test in the large bar code image all possible labels are detected and rotated to zero degree text rotation .
In a real application , these rotated labels would now be transferred to an OCR - program – there are several good programs
available on the market .
But all these programs can only accept text in zero degree position .
The test uses morphology
and different filters ( some of them multithreaded ) to detect the labels and simple character detection functions to locate the text and to determine the rotational angle of the text .
. . .
This test uses Rotation in the last important step , which is fully multithreaded with up to 8 threads .
The Core i3 -530 takes three of the four real - world tests from the Athlon II X4 635 .
The Core i3 looks to be slightly superior for this sort of image analysis .
Meanwhile , though , the Athlon II X2 255 snags three of four over the Pentium E6500 , and the fourth is a tie .
picCOLOR ’s synthetic tests measure a number of the program ’s individual functions , and the program then computes an average score , again indexed versus a 1GHz Pentium III .
This should be a pretty good index of overall image processing performance .
Although the Athlon II X4 635 comes out ahead of the Core i3 - 530 , the gap between the processors remains thin .
Image handling looks to be one of those areas , much like our 3D gaming tests , where the competing CPUs from Intel and AMD are at approximate performance parity .
Since these image processing programs are nicely multithreaded wherever possible , that ’s quite an accomplishment for the dual - core Core i3 - 530  although we ’ve come to expect such feats from Intel ’s latest architecture .
Media encoding and editing
x264 HD benchmark
This benchmark tests one of the most popular H.264 video encoders , the open - source x264 .
The results come in two parts , for the two passes the encoder makes through the video file .
I ’ve chosen to report them separately , since that ’s typically how the results are reported in the public database of results for this benchmark
If you ’re into encoding video , you ’ve no doubt come to appreciate the benefits of a fast multi-core processor .
The Athlon II X4 635 finishes pass two of this process in about half the time that the Athlon II X2 255 or Pentium E6500 does , for example .
Video encoding has been an optimization target for CPU architects for some time now , and we ’ve seen marked progress , obviously , as the Pentium 4 670 ’s relatively abysmal frame rates illustrate .
Windows Live Movie Maker 14 video encoding
For this test , I used Windows Live Movie Maker to transcode a 30 - minute TV show , recorded in 720 p .wtv format on my Windows 7 Media Center system , into a 320 ×240 WMV - format video format appropriate for mobile devices .
Since these results are measured in seconds , they illustrate my point even better .
If you pick an Athlon II X4 635 instead of a Core i3 - 530 for your system , you can expect an encode process like this one to finish about 30 seconds sooner .
The justification for a high - end processor is pretty clear : you ’ll save over four and a half minutes by going with a Core i7 - 960 instead of a Pentium E6500 .
If time is money , fast computer hardware may seem rather cheap in the big picture .
LAME MT audio encoding
LAME MT is a multithreaded version of the LAME MP3 encoder .
LAME MT was created as a demonstration of the benefits of multithreading specifically on a Hyper - Threaded CPU like the Pentium 4 .
Of course , multithreading works even better on multi-core processors .
Rather than run multiple parallel threads , LAME MT runs the MP3 encoder ’s psycho-acoustic analysis function on a separate thread from the rest of the encoder using simple linear pipelining .
That is , the psycho-acoustic analysis happens one frame ahead of everything else , and its results are buffered for later use by the second thread .
That means this test wo n’t really use more than two CPU cores .
We have results for two different 64 - bit versions of LAME MT from different compilers , one from Microsoft and one from Intel , doing two different types of encoding , variable bit rate and constant bit rate .
We are encoding a massive 10 - minute , 6 - second 101MB WAV file here .
Audio encoding is one of those areas where multithreading will only take you so far .
Unless you ’re batching up multiple songs and encoding them together at once , you probably wo n’t benefit much from having more than two cores .
3D modeling and rendering
Cinebench rendering
The Cinebench benchmark is based on Maxon ’s Cinema 4D rendering engine .
It ’s multithreaded and comes with a 64 - bit executable .
This test runs with just a single thread and then with as many threads as CPU cores ( or threads , in CPUs with multiple hardware threads per core ) are available .
Chalk up another one for the Athlon II X4 635 over the Core i3-530 .
POV - Ray rendering
We ’re using the latest beta version of POV - Ray 3.7 that includes native multithreading and 64 - bit support .
This seems like an appropriate place to stop and marvel at the way render times have dropped since the Pentium 4 670 .
The chess2.pov scene is handled in fully parallelized fashion , so our multi-core processors crunch through it pretty quickly as little as a tenth of the time required by the Pentium 4 670 .
Still , although PC hardware gets faster over time , software often gets slower .
If you go look at our review from back in the day , the Pentium 4 670 rendered this same scene in 309 seconds using a single thread .
Now it ’s taken over 600 seconds to do it with POV - Ray 3.7 .
Just to make sure we did n’t have a configuration problem , I installed an old version of POV - Ray 3.6.1 64 - bit from March , 2005 on our LGA775 test system .
Lo and behold , the P4 670 completed the render in about the same time we ’d measured way back when .
POV - Ray ’s renderer has surely gained features in the interim , but it ’s not nearly as quick as it once was .
3ds max modeling and rendering
The first 3ds max test measures 3D modeling speed , not rendering , so it ’s a bit of a different animal .
As you ’ll note , the P4 670 does n’t get so badly creamed here as elsewhere , partly because the graphics card is a speed limiter in this test .
Valve VRAD map compilation
This next test processes a map from Half - Life 2 using Valve ’s VRAD lighting tool .
Valve uses VRAD to pre-compute lighting that goes into games like Half - Life 2 .
Almost regardless of which rendering software you choose , the Athlon II X4 ’s four real cores and their relatively strong floating - point math ability put the X4 635 ahead of the Core i3-530 .
Folding@Home
Next , we have a slick little Folding@Home benchmark CD created by notfred , one of the members of Team TR , our excellent Folding team .
For the unfamiliar , Folding@Home is a distributed computing project created by folks at Stanford University that investigates how proteins work in the human body , in an attempt to better understand diseases like Parkinson ’s , Alzheimer ’s , and cystic fibrosis .
It ’s a great way to use your PC ’s spare CPU cycles to help advance medical research .
I ’d encourage you to visit our distributed computing forum and consider joining our team if you have n’t already joined one .
The Folding@Home project uses a number of highly optimized routines to process different types of work units from Stanford ’s research projects .
The Gromacs core , for instance , uses SSE on Intel processors , 3DNow ! on AMD processors , and Altivec on PowerPCs .
Overall , Folding@Home should be a great example of real - world scientific computing .
notfred ’s Folding Benchmark CD tests the most common work unit types and estimates the number of points per day that a CPU could earn for a Folding team member .
The CD itself is a bootable ISO .
The CD boots into Linux , detects the system ’s processors and Ethernet adapters , picks up an IP address , and downloads the latest versions of the Folding execution cores from Stanford .
It then processes a sample work unit of each type .
On a system with two CPU cores , for instance , the CD spins off a Tinker WU on core 1 and an Amber WU on core 2 .
When either of those WUs are finished , the benchmark moves on to additional WU types , always keeping both cores occupied with some sort of calculation .
Should the benchmark run out of new WUs to test , it simply processes another WU in order to prevent any of the cores from going idle as the others finish .
Once all four of the WU types have been tested , the benchmark averages the points per day among them .
That points - per - day average is then multiplied by the number of cores on the CPU in order to estimate the total number of points per day that CPU might achieve .
This may be a somewhat quirky method of estimating overall performance , but my sense is that it generally ought to work .
We ’ve discussed some potential reservations about how it works here , for those who are interested .
I have included results for each of the individual WU types below , so you can see how the different CPUs perform on each .
However , the individual results for each unit type tend to get a little wonky because the CPUs with Hyper - Threading are running multiple threads on each core .
To get a clear sense of performance for all CPUs , you ’ll want to focus on the final graph showing total projected points per day .
This is our final benchmark test ( phew ! ) , and it ’s another case where the Athlon II X4 635 ’s four true cores give it the win .
Even so , the Core i3 -530 delivers more points per day than the Core 2 Quad Q6600 , showing that two of today ’s cores are sometimes superior to four of the prior generation’s .
Overclocking
I ’m going to start by talking about my overclocking attempt for the Core i5 - 661 , since I did n’t have time to include overclocking results in our initial review of that product .
The i5 - 661 was the first of this bunch I attempted to overclock , followed by the i3-530 and the Athlon II X4 635 .
As usual , our overclocking efforts involved some quick - and - dirty assessments of stability and a pretty vanilla suite of tweaks changing the frequency by modifying the base clock speed , raising the core CPU voltage and some related values , lowering the memory multiplier to keep DIMM speeds sane , and keeping an eye on cooling .
We conducted some quick stability tests with each new clock rate using Prime95 , and we then benchmarked the best stable speed for each processor .
Using those simple methods , I was able to coax the Core i5 - 661 up to a frequency that makes my head spin : 4.5GHz at a very healthy 1.4V .
That ’s nearly a 50 % overclock on the Core i5 - 661 ’s 3.3GHz stock speed ( although the i5 - 661 can step up to 3.6GHz via Turbo Boost . )
Getting to this speed using our Asus P7H57D -V EVO motherboard was alarmingly easy .
I just turned up the base clock from 133MHz , dropped the memory multiplier , and everything seemed to work right .
Then I stepped up through various clock speeds waiting for the i5 - 661 to show signs of a problem .
At 4.15GHz , I noticed the CPU was generating heat faster than Intel ’s puny stock cooler for the Clarkdale processors could take it away .
The i5 - 661 was stable during our stress test , but CPU temps climbed to 74° C before I pulled the plug .
Next , I swapped in a Thermalright tower cooler , which kept temperatures comfortably in the 50s , and kept on pushing .
The reason the i5 - 661 overheated was the same reason overclocking seemed so strangely effortless : turns out the Asus mobo automatically adjusts several key voltage values , including the CPU voltage , when you ’re overclocking .
By the time the i5 - 661 hit 4.5GHz , the core was at 1.4V , well up from the 1.16 V stock value .
Having played with it some , I think the Asus BIOS is pretty intelligently tuned , and I ’m convinced you ’ll want a better cooler than the stock Intel one if you want to extract the most from a Clarkdale .
My success with the i5 - 661 made me excited to see what the i3 -530 could do and it did not disappoint .
The i3 -530 was stable at 4.4GHz with a 200MHz base clock , again a nearly 50 % overclock .
For those of you who do n’t know this fact , overclocking itself is magic , and when you reach a mark like 50 % , your body releases endorphins into your brain , triggering a feeling of happiness and well - being .
I was pleased to experience this sensation , which brought back fond memories of doing this a decade ago at frequencies an order of magnitude lower , when I overclocked a Celeron 300A to 450MHz .
The Asus board ’s auto -voltage feature had taken the i3 -530 up to 1.4V at 4.4GHz , but I was curious to see whether that much juice was really necessary .
I started down at 1.2375V and tried to get the i3 -530 to POST and boot at 4.4GHz , but I wound up stepping clear up to 1.3875V before the system was stable again .
Obviously , Asus has done its homework on Clarkdale voltages , though you may want to tweak things yourself to keep power consumption in check .
The Athlon II X4 635 was n’t quite as willing to rev , but it did make it up to 3.48 GHz at 1.45V ( stock is 2.9GHz at 1.4V ) .
We were using a much beefier cooler on the X4 635 , from a Phenom II X4 955 , and it kept temperatures reasonable without us having to dig out a massive tower .
Here ’s how the overclocked processors performed in a couple of benchmarks .
The Clarkdales are screamers at those clock speeds , matching up well against the fastest CPUs around .
Heck , the overclocked i5 - 661 nearly ties the quad - core Core i5 - 750 and Phenom II X4 965 in Cinebench ’s multithreaded test .
Good grief .
Another question we wanted to investigate is what overclocking does to the power consumption of these processors .
One reason today ’s CPUs have so much clock speed headroom in them is that frequencies are usually limited primarily by power and thermal envelopes .
Does overclocking a Clarkdale to ridiculous heights make any sense , or will you be left with a room - heating monster ?
To find out , I stuck the overclocked systems on our power meter and ran our Cinebench power test .
I was using the Asus H57 board at this point , remember , which draws a little more power than the Gigabyte P55 board we used for our main power consumption tests , so I ’ve included and marked the H57 results in the graphs .
The Athlon II and its motherboard seem to do a better job of dropping voltage levels at idle while overclocked than the Core i3 -530 on the Asus H57 .
The Asus simply holds the voltage steady at 1.3875V , regardless .
That explains the high idle power draw for the overclocked Core i3-530 .
At any rate , the overclocked systems are entirely reasonable , despite some big gains in power consumption .
The overclocked Core i3 -530 system ’s peak power draw is a couple of watts lower than our Core i7 - 870 test system ’s , and the overclocked Athlon II X4 635 is a few watts below our Phenom II X4 965 .
If you pay extra to Intel and AMD to get a faster CPU , you ’ll still be in the same thermal territory as our overclocked specimens .
You will need a decent air cooler in order to overclock them , but nothing too elaborate .
The value proposition
Now that we ’ve buried you under mounds of information , what can we make of it all ?
One way to filter the information is to consider the value proposition for each CPU model .
Exercises like this one are inherently fraught with various , scary dangers giving the wrong impression , committing bad math , overemphasizing price , coming off as irredeemably cheesy  but our value comparisons have proven to be popular over time , so with the capable assistance of TR System Guide guru Cyril Kowaliski , I ’ve taken another crack at it .
What we ’ve done is mash up all of our performance data in one , big summary value for each processor .
The performance data for each benchmark was converted to a percentage using the Pentium 4 670 as the baseline .
We ’ve included nearly every benchmark we used in our overall index , with the exception of the purely synthetic tests like Stream .
In cases where the benchmarks had multiple components , we used an overall mean rather than including every component score individually .
Each benchmark should thus be represented and weighted equally in the final tally .
( The one case where we did n’t average together a single application ’s output was WorldBench ’s two 3ds max tests , since one measures 3D modeling performance and the other rendering . )
This overall performance index makes me a little bit wary , because it ’s simply a mash - up of results from various tests , rather than an index carefully weighted to express a certain set of priorities .
Still , our test suite itself is intended to cover the general desktop PC ’s usage model , so the index ought to suffice for this exercise .
We then took prices for each CPU from the official Intel and AMD price lists or , in the case of the new Athlon II models , directly from AMD .
Since the Phenom II X2 550 is n’t on AMD ’s price page , we took its price from Newegg .
For our historical comparison , we ’ve also included the Core 2 Quad Q6600 and the Pentium 4 670 in a couple of places at their initial launch prices .
If we simply take overall performance and divide by price , we get results that look like this :
This bar chart does give us a strong sense of value , no doubt and the Athlon IIs look excellent in this light  but it may focus our attention a little too exclusively on CPU prices alone .
As I ’ve mentioned , for many of us , time is money , and faster computer hardware is relatively inexpensive .
What we really want to know is where we can find the best combination of price and performance for our needs .
To give us a better visual sense of that , we ’ve devised our nefarious scatter plots .
The faster a processor is , the higher on the chart it will be .
The cheaper it is , the closer to the left edge .
The better values , then , tend to be closer to the top - left corner of the plot .
If you wish , you can find your price range and look for the best performer in that area .
With the data plotted in this fashion , we can see a few other contenders that might join the Athlon II X3 and X4 processors as value stand - outs at higher performance levels , including the Core i5 - 750 , Phenom II X4 965 , Core i7 - 920 , and even the Core i7-960 .
The ghosts of the P4 670 and the Core 2 Quad Q6600 haunt our value scatter plot , as well , reminding us of the dismal CPU values in days past .
That gets us closer to the heart of the matter , but in reality , the price of a processor is just one component of a PC ’s total cost , and the various platforms do have some price disparities between them .
After an epic feud that involved pitchforks , shotguns , and various hurled insults , we finally agreed on some sample systems loosely based on the Utility Player build in our latest system guide for each platform type .
Our goal was to achieve rough parity by selecting full - sized ATX motherboards with similar , enthusiast - friendly feature sets .
Here are the components we picked for the different platforms , along with system prices :
Platform Total price Motheboard Memory Common components AMD 790X $ 608.94 Gigabyte GA - 770XT - USB3 ( $ 124.99 ) 4GB Corsair DDR3 - 1333 ( $ 104.99 ) XFX Radeon HD 5770 1GB graphics card ( $ 159.99 ) , Western Digital Caviar Black 640 GB hard drive ( $ 74.99 ) , Samsung SH - S223L DVD burner ( 28.99 ) , Antec Sonata III case with 500W PSU ( $ 114.99 ) Intel P45 $ 623.94 Gigabyte GA - EP45T - USB3P ( $ 139.99 ) Intel P55 $ 603.94 Gigabyte GA - P55 - USB3 ( $ 119.99 ) Intel X58 $ 758.94 Gigabyte GA - X58A - UD3R ( $ 209.99 ) 6GB Corsair DDR3 - 1600 ( $ 169.99 )
What happens when we factor system prices into our value equation ?
Whoa .
Suddenly , you should buy a Core i5 - 750 !
That ’s more my kind of recommendation .
Print this one out and show it to your spouse and / or boss , folks .
In the context of a beefy system like this one , going with a cheap CPU like an Athlon II X2 255 or a Pentium E6500 does n’t make a heckuva lot of sense .
You ’d be paying relatively little more to get substantially higher performance from a faster processor .
Note that , in our main event , the Athlon II X4 635 comes out a little ahead of the Core i3 - 530 , though the contrast between them is fairly minor .
Here ’s the scatter version .
The inclusion of total system prices alters the complexion of our scatter plot somewhat , too , mainly by making the LGA775 and LGA1366 processors look less attractive .
The cheaper chips lose their luster , as well .
The Core i5 - 750 and i7 -870 remain nicely positioned , while the poorer values include the Core 2 Duo E8600 , the Q9400 , and the Core i5 - 661 .
Performance per dollar is n’t the whole story these days , though .
The power efficiency of a processor increasingly helps determine its value proposition for a host of reasons , from total system costs to noise levels to the size of your electric bill .
We measured full system power draw and considered efficiency earlier in this article ; now , we can factor in system prices to give us a sense of power - efficient performance per dollar .
By this measure , the Core i3 -530 is near the top of the charts , and the Athlon II X4 635 is stuck in the middle of the pack and you should still buy a Core i5 - 750 .
The scatter plot tells the story a little differently .
The power efficiency of Intel ’s newer processors is especially evident here .
At system prices around $ 700 , the Core i3 -530 is easily superior to the Athlon II X4 635 , and at about $ 800 , Intel has three offerings that prove more efficient than the Phenom II X4 965 .
AMD ’s dual - and triple - core parts cluster near the bottom corner , cheap but inefficient .
Pthreads on Microsoft Windows
An extremely common API used for developing parallel programs is the Posix Threads API ( pthreads ) .
The API contains many synchronization primitives that allow threaded code to be efficiently written .
Unfortunately , Microsoft Windows does not support this interface as - is .
Thus if one wishes to port over an application , quite a bit of work may need to be done .
Fortunately , a pthreads library for windows has been written , thus simplifying the porting effort .
However , the windows API has progressed significantly with regards to threading since that library was written .
Many new functions have been exported that simplify the creation of a pthread library on windows .
In fact nearly all of the synchronization primitives now exist , and using them may only require the creation of a few simple macros .
Thus it seems to be time to explore the creation of a new pthreads library for Microsoft windows .
To make its use as simple as possible , we will require its entire implementation to be confined to a single header .h file .
Thus requiring no explicit library to be linked into an application or dll .
This trick can be done if all its global variables are implicitly defined to be zero , and all functions are static .
Finally , we note that whilst many of the synchronization primitives required by the pthreads API are exported by Microsoft windows , not all are .
Thus we will need to explore some of the undocumented internals of windows .
This is obviously dangerous , as Microsoft may change these undocumented features at any time in the future .
However , as a educational learning exercise , we can ignore this unpalatable fact and see exactly how much we can get away with .
Critical Sections for Mutexes
The first part we shall implement are the functions for pthread_mutex_t .
This can be done by using a CRITICAL_SECTION object and a typedef .
This may not be the most efficient mutex , but it is extremely portable on Microsoft windows .
It allows you to use the resulting pthread API on any mutex , even those defined in other libraries .
Since the pthread API extends the windows one , this is rather nice .
Most of the mutex functions are simple wrappers around the windows counterparts : typedef CRITICAL_SECTION pthread_mutex_t ; static int pthread_mutex_lock ( pthread_mutex_t * m ) { EnterCriticalSection(m ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutex_unlock ( pthread_mutex_t * m ) { LeaveCriticalSection (m ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutex_trylock ( pthread_mutex_t * m ) { return TryEnterCriticalSection(m ) ?
0 : EBUSY ; } static int pthread_mutex_init ( pthread_mutex_t *m , pthread_mutexattr_t * a ) { ( void ) a ; InitializeCriticalSection (m ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutex_destroy( pthread_mutex_t * m ) { DeleteCriticalSection (m ) ; return 0 ; } The pthreads API has an initialization macro that has no correspondence to anything in the windows API .
By investigating the internal definition of the critical section type , one may work out how to initialize one without calling InitializeCriticalSection ( ) .
The trick here is that InitializeCriticalSection ( ) is not allowed to fail .
It tries to allocate a critical section debug object , but if no memory is available , it sets the pointer to a specific value .
( One would expect that value to be NULL , but it is actually ( void *) - 1 for some reason . )
Thus we can use this special value for that pointer , and the critical section code will work .
The other important part of the critical section type to initialize is the number of waiters .
This controls whether or not the mutex is locked .
Fortunately , this part of the critical section is unlikely to change .
Apparently , many programs already test critical sections to see if they are locked using this value , so Microsoft felt that it was necessary to keep it set at - 1 for an unlocked critical section , even when they changed the underlying algorithm to be more scalable .
The final parts of the critical section object are unimportant , and can be set to zero for their defaults .
This yields an initialization macro : # define PTHREAD_MUTEX_INITIALIZER
{( void * ) -1,-1,0,0,0,0}
The next part of the pthread_mutex_t API is the pthread_mutex_timedlock ( ) function .
This also has no correspondence to something exported by windows .
A second problem is that the Posix function expects a struct timespec object .
Unfortunately , no such type is defined in windows headers , so we 'll need to define it , and some helper functions that use it .
struct timespec { /* long long in windows is the same as long in unix for 64 bit */ long long tv_sec ; long long tv_nsec ; } ; static unsigned long long _pthread_time_in_ms ( void ) { struct __timeb64 tb ; _ftime 64 ( &tb ) ; return tb.time * 1000 + tb.millitm ; } static unsigned long long _pthread_time_in_ms_from_timespec(const struct timespec * ts ) { unsigned long long t = ts -> tv_sec * 1000 ; t += ts-> tv_nsec / 1000000 ; return t ; } static unsigned long long _pthread_rel_time_in_ms ( const struct timespec * ts ) { unsigned long long t1 = _pthread_time_in_ms_from_timespec(ts ) ; unsigned long long t2 = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; /* Prevent underflow */ if ( t1 < t2 ) return 1 ; return t1 - t2 ; } Using the above helper functions , we can implement pthread_mutex_timedlock using WaitForSingleObject ( ) and pthread_mutex_trylock ( ) # define ETIMEDOUT 110 static int pthread_mutex_timedlock( pthread_mutex_t *m , struct timespec * ts ) { unsigned long long t , ct ; struct _pthread_crit_t { void * debug ; LONG count ; LONG r_count ; HANDLE owner ; HANDLE sem ; ULONG_PTR spin ; } ; /*
Try to lock it without waiting */ if (!pthread_mutex_trylock(m ) ) return 0 ; ct = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; t = _pthread_time_in_ms_from_timespec(ts ) ; while ( 1 ) { /*
Have we waited long enough ? */ if ( ct > t ) return ETIMEDOUT ; /*
Wait on semaphore within critical section */ WaitForSingleObject (( ( struct _pthread_crit_t *)m ) ->sem , t - ct ) ; /*
Try to grab lock */ if (!pthread_mutex_trylock(m ) ) return 0 ; /* Get current time */ ct = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; } } This almost completes the mutex API .
However , to be fully complete we need to support the pthread_mutexattr_t functions .
These affect the type of mutex created by pthread_mutex_init ( ) .
However , since Microsoft windows only supports one type of critical section , we will ignore most of this functionality .
Instead , these simple wrapper functions will just record the state so that they give consistent results .
# define PTHREAD_MUTEX_NORMAL
0 #define PTHREAD_MUTEX_ERRORCHECK
1 #define PTHREAD_MUTEX_RECURSIVE
2 #define PTHREAD_MUTEX_DEFAULT
3 #define PTHREAD_MUTEX_SHARED
4 #define PTHREAD_MUTEX_PRIVATE
0 #define ENOTSUP 134 # define pthread_mutex_getprioceiling (M , P ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_mutex_setprioceiling (M , P ) ENOTSUP static int pthread_mutexattr_init( pthread_mutexattr_t * a ) { * a = 0 ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_destroy( pthread_mutexattr_t * a ) { ( void ) a ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_gettype(pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int * type ) { * type = * a & 3 ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_settype( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int type ) { if ( ( unsigned ) type >
3 ) return EINVAL ; * a &= ~ 3 ; * a |= type ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_getpshared ( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int * type ) { * type = * a & 4 ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_setpshared ( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int type ) { if ( ( type & 4 ) != type ) return EINVAL ; * a &= ~ 4 ; * a |= type ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_getprotocol( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int * type ) { * type = * a & ( 8 + 16 ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_setprotocol( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int type ) { if ( ( type & ( 8 + 16 ) ) != 8 + 16 ) return EINVAL ; * a &= ~ ( 8 + 16 ) ; * a |= type ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_getprioceiling ( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int * prio ) { * prio = *a / PTHREAD_PRIO_MULT
; return 0 ; } static int pthread_mutexattr_setprioceiling ( pthread_mutexattr_t * a , int prio ) { * a &= ( PTHREAD_PRIO_MULT - 1 ) ; *a += prio * PTHREAD_PRIO_MULT
; return 0 ; } Slim Read Write Locks for rwlocks
Since the earlier pthreads implementation on windows , Microsoft has added Slim Read Write locks ( SRWlocks ) .
These allow a simple implementation of much of the pthread_rwlock_t API .
However , again the Microsoft API is a subset of the Posix API , so we will again need to explore the undocumented internals to construct the missing functionality .
Using wrappers for the functions that already exist , we can implement : typedef SRWLOCK pthread_rwlock_t ; static int pthread_rwlock_init( pthread_rwlock_t *l , pthread_rwlockattr_t * a ) { ( void ) a ; InitializeSRWLock(l ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_rwlock_destroy( pthread_rwlock_t * l ) { ( void ) * l ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_rwlock_rdlock( pthread_rwlock_t * l ) { pthread_testcancel( ) ; AcquireSRWLockShared(l ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_rwlock_wrlock( pthread_rwlock_t * l ) { pthread_testcancel( ) ; AcquireSRWLockExclusive(l ) ; return 0 ; } Where we have added explicit calls to pthread_testcancel ( ) mandated by the Posix API .
Next , we need to work out an initialization macro , together with a way of implementing the trylock and unlock functionality .
The problem here is that the Posix API requires a single unlock function , whereas the Microsoft windows API has separate unlock functions for read and write locks .
We 'll need to understand the lock internal state to work out whether we are a read or write lock in order to work out which unlock function to call .
By looking at the Microsoft documentation , we notice that the implementation of a SRWLock is a single pointer sized object .
The InitializeSRWLock ( ) function simply sets this pointer to zero .
Thus , an initialization macro may be written as : #define PTHREAD_RWLOCK_INITIALIZER
{0} Next , we can construct simple programs to see how the state of this pointer - sized object changes as we read and write lock and unlock it .
The first thing that is noticeable is that a SRWLock that is owned exclusively has the value 1 , and that if multiple shared owners have taken the lock , then it has value 1+16n , where n is the number of shared owners .
If there is contention , then the lock has the value of a pointer with the low bit set .
Thus , if the low bit is set , then the lock is owned by someone .
If any other of the bottom three bits are set , then the lock has some internal state .
Using this , we can construct the trylock functions which are not implemented by Microsoft .
static int pthread_rwlock_tryrdlock(pthread_rwlock_t * l ) { /*
Get the current state of the lock */ void * state = *( void **) l ; if ( ! state ) { /*
Unlocked to locked */ if (!_InterlockedCompareExchangePointer (( void *) l , ( void *) 0x11 , NULL ) ) return 0 ; return EBUSY ; } /* A single writer exists */ if ( state == ( void *) 1 ) return EBUSY ; /* Multiple writers exist ? */ if ( ( uintptr_t ) state & 14 ) return EBUSY ; if ( _InterlockedCompareExchangePointer ( ( void *) l , ( void *) ( ( uintptr_t ) state + 16 ) , state ) == state ) return 0 ; return EBUSY ; } static int pthread_rwlock_trywrlock(pthread_rwlock_t * l ) { /*
Try to grab lock if it has no users */ if (!_InterlockedCompareExchangePointer (( void *) l , ( void *) 1 , NULL ) ) return 0 ; return EBUSY ; } Next we need to implement pthread_rwlock_unlock .
This is a little tricky .
Unfortunately , it does n't seem that there is an easy way to determine if the lock is owned by a reader or a writer .
We have some known special cases .
If the lock value is equal to 1 , then it is owned by a single writer - so we can write unlock it .
If the lock value is equal to 1 + 16n , with n>1 then we must be a shared reader trying to unlock it .
If the lock is contended , and there is a list of threads waiting for it , then we need to know who to wake up .
Unfortunately , since the internals of a SRWLock are undocumented we are a little stuck .
By exploring the implementation in asm we can see what is going on .
Basically , the unlock routines need to check if they are the simple cases described above .
If they are n't , and there are waiters , then more complex code is called to wake the required waiter .
Fortunately , it seems that the code to wake the next waiter is extremely similar between the shared and exclusive cases .
The shared ( reader ) case appears to be more generic , so we will use that .
Testing the resulting function seems to pass .
However , this is a little bit of a hack .
Unlocking a contended exclusive lock with the shared unlock function may not work in the future .
Ignoring that for now , we have : static int pthread_rwlock_unlock ( pthread_rwlock_t * l ) { void * state = *( void **) l ; if ( state == ( void *) 1 ) { /* Known to be an exclusive lock */ ReleaseSRWLockExclusive(l ) ; } else { /* A shared unlock will work */ ReleaseSRWLockShared(l ) ; } return 0 ; } Finally , we need to implement the timedlock functionality .
Again , Microsoft windows does n't have any timeout functions we can use .
Even worse , the underlying wait is in an undocumented function NtWaitForKeyedEvent ( ) , so we probably can't do the trick we did with critical sections .
Instead , we will implement a busy wait .
This is n't optimal , but until Microsoft describes its new interfaces it is free to alter them at will , so depending on them is extremely risky .
static int pthread_rwlock_timedrdlock( pthread_rwlock_t *l , const struct timespec * ts ) { unsigned long long ct = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; unsigned long long t = _pthread_time_in_ms_from_timespec(ts ) ; pthread_testcancel( ) ; /*
Use a busy - loop */ while ( 1 ) { /*
Try to grab lock */ if (!pthread_rwlock_tryrdlock(l ) ) return 0 ; /* Get current time */ ct = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; /*
Have we waited long enough ? */ if ( ct > t ) return ETIMEDOUT ; } } static int pthread_rwlock_timedwrlock(pthread_rwlock_t *l , const struct timespec * ts ) { unsigned long long ct = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; unsigned long long t = _pthread_time_in_ms_from_timespec(ts ) ; pthread_testcancel( ) ; /*
Use a busy - loop */ while ( 1 ) { /*
Try to grab lock */ if (!pthread_rwlock_trywrlock(l ) ) return 0 ; /* Get current time */ ct = _pthread_time_in_ms ( ) ; /*
Have we waited long enough ? */ if ( ct > t ) return ETIMEDOUT ; } } The only thing left for a complete implementation of the rwlock API are the attributes for pthread_rwlock_init ( ) .
Again , since Microsoft only has one type of read / write lock , these do n't need to do anything , and can be implemented as simple wrapper functions .
typedef int pthread_rwlockattr_t ; static int pthread_rwlockattr_destroy(pthread_rwlockattr_t * a ) { ( void ) a ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_rwlockattr_init( pthread_rwlockattr_t * a ) { * a = 0 ; } static int pthread_rwlockattr_getpshared(pthread_rwlockattr_t * a , int *s ) { *s = * a ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_rwlockattr_setpshared(pthread_rwlockattr_t * a , int s ) { * a = s ; return 0 ; } Condition Variables
The next part of the synchronization API we shall implement are condition variables .
Previously , the implementation of them was rather difficult , with issues of correctness and fairness arising .
Fortunately , Microsoft has now implemented a condition variable API , and so the Posix API can now be implemented as a set of simple wrapper functions .
A quick check reveals that condition variables can be safely zero-initialized , allowing a nice initialization macro .
typedef CONDITION_VARIABLE
pthread_cond_t ; #define PTHREAD_COND_INITIALIZER
{ 0} static int pthread_cond_init ( pthread_cond_t *c , pthread_condattr_t * a ) { ( void ) a ; InitializeConditionVariable(c ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_cond_signal ( pthread_cond_t * c ) { WakeConditionVariable(c ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_cond_broadcast( pthread_cond_t * c ) { WakeAllConditionVariable(c ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_cond_wait ( pthread_cond_t *c , pthread_mutex_t * m ) { pthread_testcancel( ) ; SleepConditionVariableCS( c , m , INFINITE ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_cond_destroy( pthread_cond_t * c ) { ( void ) c ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_cond_timedwait ( pthread_cond_t *c , pthread_mutex_t *m , struct timespec * t ) { unsigned long long tm = _pthread_rel_time_in_ms (t ) ; pthread_testcancel( ) ; if (! SleepConditionVariableCS( c , m , tm ) ) return ETIMEDOUT ; /*
We can have a spurious wakeup after the timeout */ if ( !_pthread_rel_time_in_ms(t ) ) return ETIMEDOUT ; return 0 ; } Where again , due to only one type of condition variable existing , we can write a trivial condattr API that does n't do much .
typedef int pthread_condattr_t ; static int pthread_condattr_destroy( pthread_condattr_t * a ) { ( void ) a ; return 0 ; } #define pthread_condattr_getclock( A , C ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_condattr_setclock( A , C ) ENOTSUP static int pthread_condattr_init( pthread_condattr_t * a ) { * a = 0 ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_condattr_getpshared(pthread_condattr_t * a , int *s ) { *s = * a ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_condattr_setpshared(pthread_condattr_t * a , int s ) { * a = s ; return 0 ; } Barriers
Using the condition variables and mutexes , we can now create the barrier API .
The following describes a barrier where we count the number of incoming and outgoing waiters .
By using a flag bit , we can work out whether or not we need to let threads into or out of the barrier .
Note that the following code is designed for simplicity .
By using a wait - tree greater performance can be obtained at the cost of complexity .
# define PTHREAD_BARRIER_INITIALIZER
\ {0,0 , PTHREAD_MUTEX_INITIALIZER, PTHREAD_COND_INITIALIZER} #define PTHREAD_BARRIER_SERIAL_THREAD
1 typedef struct pthread_barrier_t pthread_barrier_t ; struct pthread_barrier_t { int count ; int total ; CRITICAL_SECTION m ; CONDITION_VARIABLE
cv ; } ; typedef void * pthread_barrierattr_t ; static int pthread_barrier_destroy( pthread_barrier_t * b ) { EnterCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; while ( b-> total > _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG ) { /*
Wait until everyone exits the barrier */ SleepConditionVariableCS ( &b-> cv , &b ->m , INFINITE ) ; } LeaveCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; DeleteCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_barrier_init( pthread_barrier_t *b , void * attr , int count ) { /* Ignore attr */ ( void ) attr ; InitializeCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; InitializeConditionVariable ( &b-> cv ) ; b-> count = count ; b-> total = 0 ; return 0 ; } #define _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG
( 1<<30 ) static int pthread_barrier_wait ( pthread_barrier_t * b ) { EnterCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; while ( b-> total > _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG ) { /*
Wait until everyone exits the barrier */ SleepConditionVariableCS ( &b-> cv , &b ->m , INFINITE ) ; } /*
Are we the first to enter ? */ if ( b-> total == _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG ) b-> total = 0 ; b-> total ++ ; if ( b -> total == b-> count ) { b-> total += _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG
- 1 ; WakeAllConditionVariable ( &b-> cv ) ; LeaveCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; return 1 ; } else { while ( b-> total < _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG ) { /*
Wait until enough threads enter the barrier */ SleepConditionVariableCS ( &b-> cv , &b ->m , INFINITE ) ; } b->total --; /*
Get entering threads to wake up */ if ( b-> total == _PTHREAD_BARRIER_FLAG ) WakeAllConditionVariable ( &b-> cv ) ; LeaveCriticalSection ( &b->m ) ; return 0 ; } } static int pthread_barrierattr_init ( void ** attr ) { * attr = NULL ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_barrierattr_destroy( void ** attr ) { /*
Ignore attr */ ( void ) attr ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_barrierattr_setpshared ( void ** attr , int s ) { * attr = ( void *) s ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_barrierattr_getpshared ( void ** attr , int *s ) { *s = ( int ) ( size_t ) * attr ; return 0 ; } Spinlocks
There are many ways to implement spinlocks .
We will choose the simplest way because it does n't suffer slowdowns when the number of threads is higher than the number of processors .
Since the whole point of spinlocks is speed , it does n't matter that Microsoft does n't export a spinlock API .
Using a simple exchange - based algorithm : # define PTHREAD_SPI
NLOCK_INITIALIZER
0 typedef long pthread_spinlock_t ; static int pthread_spin_init( pthread_spinlock_t * l , int pshared ) { ( void ) pshared ; *l = 0 ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_spin_destroy ( pthread_spinlock_t * l ) { ( void ) l ; return 0 ; } /*
No - fair spinlock due to lack of knowledge of thread number */ static int pthread_spin_lock ( pthread_spinlock_t * l ) { while ( _InterlockedExchange ( l , EBUSY ) ) { /*
Do n't lock the bus whilst waiting */ while ( * l ) { YieldProcessor ( ) ; /* Compiler barrier .
Prevent caching of * l */ _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; } } return 0 ; } static int pthread_spin_trylock ( pthread_spinlock_t * l ) { return _ InterlockedExchange( l , EBUSY ) ; } static int pthread_spin_unlock ( pthread_spinlock_t * l ) { /* Compiler barrier .
The store below acts with release symmantics */ _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; *l = 0 ; return 0 ; } pthread_once ( )
The final part of the synchronization API to implement is pthread_once ( )
This is designed for safe initialization of objects .
Thus we use a similar algorithm to that described for singletons .
# define PTHREAD_ONCE_INIT
0 typedef long pthread_once_t ; typedef struct _pthread_cleanup _pthread_cleanup ; struct _pthread_cleanup { void ( * func ) ( void *) ; void * arg ; _pthread_cleanup * next ; } ; # define pthread_cleanup_push ( F , A ) \ {\ const _pthread_cleanup _pthread_cup = { ( F ) , ( A ) , pthread_self ( ) -> clean} ; \ _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; \ pthread_self ( ) -> clean = ( _pthread_cleanup *) & _pthread_cup ;\ _ReadWriteBarrier ( ) /*
Note that if async cancelling is used , then there is a race here */ # define pthread_cleanup_pop(E ) \ ( pthread_self ( ) -> clean = _pthread_cup.next , ( E?_pthread_cup.func(_pthread_cup.arg ) :0 ) ) ; } static void _pthread_once_cleanup(pthread_once_t * o ) { * o = 0 ; } static pthread_t pthread_self ( void ) ; static int pthread_once ( pthread_once_t *o , void ( * func ) ( void ) ) { long state = * o ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; while ( state != 1 ) { if ( ! state ) { if (!_InterlockedCompareExchange(o , 2 , 0 ) ) { /* Success */ pthread_cleanup_push(_pthread_once_cleanup , o ) ; func ( ) ; pthread_cleanup_pop(0 ) ; /*
Mark as done */ * o = 1 ; return 0 ; } } YieldProcessor ( ) ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; state = * o ; } /* Done */ return 0 ; } The extra complexity in the above comes due to the fact that cancellation may happen during the function passed to pthread_once ( ) .
The Posix specification states that if the function is cancelled , then the pthread_once_t variable needs to return to the " uninitialized " state .
To do this , we use the magic pthread_cleanup_push ( ) and pthread_cleanup_pop ( ) macros to record a cleanup function on a cleanup list .
Cancelling
The next big part of the pthreads API to implement are the functions related to cancellation .
Posix describes two types of cancellation .
The first is synchronous , and is happens by explicit calls to pthread_testcancel ( ) , and to other library functions explicitly listed as being cancellation points .
We can add these cancellation points by using macros .
For example : # define accept ( ... ) ( pthread_testcancel ( ) , accept ( __VA_ARGS__ ) ) # define aio_suspend ( ... ) ( pthread_testcancel ( ) , aio_suspend ( __VA_ARGS__ ) ) # define clock_nanosleep ( ... ) ( pthread_testcancel ( ) , clock_nanosleep( __VA_ARGS__ ) ) # define close ( ... ) ( pthread_testcancel ( ) , close ( __VA_ARGS__ ) ) /*
More here */ /*
Even for library functions defined as macros */ #undef getwc # define getwc ( ... ) ( pthread_testcancel ( ) , getwc( __VA_ARGS__ ) ) #undef getwchar # define getwchar ( ... ) ( pthread_testcancel ( ) , getwcahr( __VA_ARGS__ ) ) /*
And so on */ A complete list of the cancellation points defined by Posix is in the pthread header on the downloads page .
You may obviously use extra macro overrides to wrap windows API functions that may block .
The second class of cancellation required for Posix support is asynchronous cancellation .
This should happen " immediately " without a wait until the next cancellation point .
The problem is that this is typically implemented in unix operating systems via signals .
Unfortunately , Microsoft windows does n't support signals in quite the same way .
( There is rudimentary support in the CRT , but it is not comprehensive enough for us . )
Thus we require another way of triggering a cancellation in another thread .
One way that will work most of the time is to modify the thread descriptor block .
By changing the instruction pointer to point to our cancellation handler , we can cause the cancelled thread to alter its flow of execution .
The only problem is that this will not unblock a thread blocked in the kernel .
Anyway , ignoring this problem , we have # define PTHREAD_CANCEL_DISABLE 0 #define PTHREAD_CANCEL_ENABLE
0x01 #define PTHREAD_CANCEL_DEFERRED
0 #define PTHREAD_CANCEL_ASYNCHRONOUS
0x02 #define PTHREAD_CANCELED
(( void *) 0xDEADBEEF ) volatile long _pthread_cancelling ; static void _pthread_invoke_cancel( void ) { _pthread_cleanup * pcup ; _ InterlockedDecrement ( &_pthread_cancelling ) ; /* Call cancel queue */ for ( pcup = pthread_self ( ) -> clean ; pcup ; pcup = pcup -> next ) { pcup-> func ( pcup ->arg ) ; } pthread_exit( PTHREAD_CANCELED ) ; } static void pthread_testcancel( void ) { if ( _pthread_cancelling ) { pthread_t t = pthread_self ( ) ; if ( t-> cancelled && ( t-> p_state & PTHREAD_CANCEL_ENABLE ) ) { _pthread_invoke_cancel( ) ; } } } static int pthread_cancel ( pthread_t t) { if ( t-> p_state & PTHREAD_CANCEL_ASYNCHRONOUS ) { /*
Dangerous asynchronous cancelling */ CONTEXT ctxt ; /* Already done ? */ if ( t -> cancelled ) return ESRCH ; ctxt.ContextFlags = CONTEXT_CONTROL ; SuspendThread ( t->h ) ; GetThreadContext(t->h , &ctxt ) ; #ifdef _ M_X64 ctxt.Rip = ( uintptr_t ) _pthread_invoke_cancel ; #else ctxt .
Eip = ( uintptr_t ) _pthread_invoke_cancel ; #endif SetThreadContext (t->h , &ctxt ) ; /*
Also try deferred Cancelling */ t-> cancelled = 1 ; /* Notify everyone to look */ _ InterlockedIncrement ( &_pthread_cancelling ) ; ResumeThread ( t->h ) ; } else { /* Safe deferred Cancelling */ t-> cancelled = 1 ; /* Notify everyone to look */ _ InterlockedIncrement ( &_pthread_cancelling ) ; } return 0 ; } The above uses the _pthread_cancelling variable to fast - path the common case where no cancellation is happening .
( Having a thread have to check its thread - local cancellation flag all the time is relatively slow . )
One possible way to fix the case where a thread is blocked in the kernel is to use a kernel driver .
This choice is used by the old windows pthread library .
Another possibility which may work is to use a Doppelganger thread .
The algorithm goes as follows : Suspend the cancelled thread .
The current thread can then save its stack pointer and thread segment register somewhere in the thread - local space of the suspended thread .
This thread can then impersonate the suspended thread by stealing its stack and thread segment selector .
By running the standard cancellation routines in the Doppelganger thread , the required cleanup functions can be run in the correct context .
Finally , once that is done , the Doppelganger can then restore its state to what it was previously and then call the low - level TerminateThread ( ) function to kill the suspended thread ( even if it was in kernel mode ) .
So why is n't the above implemented ?
The problem is that the thread - stealing requires low level assembly to work .
Unfortunately , Microsoft has decided that all 64bit assembly should use compiler intrinsics instead of inline assembly .
The problem here is that Microsoft has n't thought of everything , and the particular instructions required are not exported as compiler intrinsics .
The correct way to implement this on 64bit would be to have a separate assembly file to compile along side the C code .
This , however , does not fit with our goal of having a single .h file for the implementation of the library .
( Another problem is that it is difficult to portably hook the cleanup of the CRT to prevent memory leaks - but this may perhaps be fixed through the use of a new thread as the Doppelganger . )
Thread Creation and Destruction pthread_create ( ) unfortunately has a slightly different interface than _beginthreadex ( ) .
This deficiency may be fixed by using a wrapper function that in turn will call the thread main function .
We can hide the extra information inside pthread_t .
Similarly , we can store the return value inside pthread_t so that pthread_join ( ) will work correctly .
Together with a few extra details to complete the library , the resulting pthread_t definition is : struct _pthread_v { void * ret_arg ; void *(* func ) ( void *) ; _pthread_cleanup * clean ; HANDLE h ; int cancelled ; unsigned p_state ; int keymax ; void ** keyval ; jmp_buf jb ; } ; typedef struct _pthread_v * pthread_t ;
Where pthread_t is a pointer to a structure that has the required information .
Using the above definition , we can implement the thread creation and destruction functions .
typedef struct pthread_attr_t pthread_attr_t ; struct pthread_attr_t { unsigned p_state ; void * stack ; size_t s_size ; } ; #define PTHREAD_CREATE_JOINABLE
0 #define PTHREAD_CREATE_DETACHED
0x04 #define PTHREAD_EXPLICT_SCHED
0 #define PTHREAD_INHERIT_SCHED
0x08 #define PTHREAD_SCOPE_PROCESS
0 #define PTHREAD_SCOPE_SYSTEM
0x10 #define PTHREAD_DESTRUCTOR_ITERATIONS
256 #define PTHREAD_PRIO_NONE 0 #define PTHREAD_PRIO_INHERIT
8 #define PTHREAD_PRIO_PROTECT
16 #define PTHREAD_PRIO_MULT
32 #define PTHREAD_PROCESS_SHARED
0 #define PTHREAD_PROCESS_PRIVATE
1 int _pthread_concur ; pthread_once_t _pthread_tls_once ; DWORD _pthread_tls ; static int _pthread_once_raw ( pthread_once_t *o , void ( * func ) ( void ) ) { long state = * o ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; while ( state != 1 ) { if ( ! state ) { if (!_InterlockedCompareExchange(o , 2 , 0 ) ) { /* Success */ func( ) ; /*
Mark as done */ * o = 1 ; return 0 ; } } YieldProcessor ( ) ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; state = * o ; } /* Done */ return 0 ; } static void pthread_tls_init( void ) { _pthread_tls = TlsAlloc( ) ; /*
Cannot continue if out of indexes */ if ( _pthread_tls == TLS_OUT_OF_INDEXES ) abort ( ) ; } static void _pthread_cleanup_dest ( pthread_t t) { int i , j ; for ( j = 0 ; j < PTHREAD_DESTRUCTOR_ITERATIONS ; j++ ) { int flag = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < t-> keymax ; i++ ) { void * val = t-> keyval [ i ] ; if ( val ) { pthread_rwlock_rdlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; if ( ( uintptr_t ) _pthread_key_dest[i ] >
1 ) { /*
Call destructor */ t-> keyval [ i ] = NULL ; _pthread_key_dest[i] ( val ) ; flag = 1 ; } pthread_rwlock_unlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; } } /* Nothing to do ? */ if ( ! flag ) return ; } } static pthread_t pthread_self ( void ) { pthread_t t ; _pthread_once_raw(&_pthread_tls_once , pthread_tls_init ) ; t = TlsGetValue( _pthread_tls ) ; /* Main thread ? */ if ( !t ) { t = malloc ( sizeof ( struct _pthread_v ) ) ; /*
If cannot initialize main thread , then the only thing we can do is abort */ if ( !t ) abort ( ) ; t-> ret_arg = NULL ; t-> func = NULL ; t-> clean = NULL ; t-> cancelled = 0 ; t-> p_state = PTHREAD_DEFAULT_ATTR
; t-> keymax = 0 ; t-> keyval = NULL ; t->h = GetCurrentThread ( ) ; /*
Save for later */ TlsSetValue ( _pthread_tls , t ) ; if ( setjmp (t -> jb ) ) { /*
Make sure we free ourselves if we are detached */ if ( !t->h ) free(t ) ; /* Time to die */ _endthreadex ( 0 ) ; } } return t ; } static int pthread_getconcurrency ( int * val ) { * val = _pthread_concur ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_setconcurrency ( int val ) { _pthread_concur = val ; return 0 ; } #define pthread_getschedparam(T , P , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_setschedparam( T , P , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_getcpuclockid(T , C ) ENOTSUP static int pthread_exit ( void * res ) { pthread_t t = pthread_self ( ) ; t-> ret_arg = res ; _pthread_cleanup_dest(t ) ; longjmp(t-> jb , 1 ) ; } static unsigned _pthread_get_state ( pthread_attr_t * attr , unsigned flag ) { return attr-> p_state & flag ; } static int _pthread_set_state ( pthread_attr_t * attr , unsigned flag , unsigned val ) { if ( ~ flag & val ) return EINVAL ; attr -> p_state &= ~ flag ; attr -> p_state |= val ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_init ( pthread_attr_t * attr ) { attr->p_state = PTHREAD_DEFAULT_ATTR
; attr -> stack = NULL ; attr-> s_size = 0 ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_destroy ( pthread_attr_t * attr ) { /*
No need to do anything */ return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_setdetachstate ( pthread_attr_t * a , int flag ) { return _pthread_set_state(a , PTHREAD_CREATE_DETACHED , flag ) ; } static int pthread_attr_getdetachstate ( pthread_attr_t * a , int * flag ) { * flag = _pthread_get_state(a , PTHREAD_CREATE_DETACHED ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_setinheritsched ( pthread_attr_t * a , int flag ) { return _pthread_set_state(a , PTHREAD_INHERIT_SCHED , flag ) ; } static int pthread_attr_getinheritsched ( pthread_attr_t * a , int * flag ) { * flag = _pthread_get_state(a , PTHREAD_INHERIT_SCHED ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_setscope( pthread_attr_t * a , int flag ) { return _pthread_set_state(a , PTHREAD_SCOPE_SYSTEM , flag ) ; } static int pthread_attr_getscope( pthread_attr_t * a , int * flag ) { * flag = _pthread_get_state(a , PTHREAD_SCOPE_SYSTEM ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_getstackaddr ( pthread_attr_t * attr , void ** stack ) { * stack = attr -> stack ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_setstackaddr( pthread_attr_t * attr , void * stack ) { attr -> stack = stack ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_getstacksize ( pthread_attr_t * attr , size_t * size ) { * size = attr->s_size ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_attr_setstacksize ( pthread_attr_t * attr , size_t size ) { attr -> s_size = size ; return 0 ; } #define pthread_attr_getguardsize( A , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_attr_setgaurdsize( A , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_attr_getschedparam( A , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_attr_setschedparam( A , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_attr_getschedpolicy( A , S ) ENOTSUP # define pthread_attr_setschedpolicy( A , S ) ENOTSUP static int pthread_setcancelstate ( int state , int * oldstate ) { pthread_t t = pthread_self ( ) ; if ( ( state & PTHREAD_CANCEL_ENABLE ) != state ) return EINVAL ; if ( oldstate ) * oldstate = t-> p_state & PTHREAD_CANCEL_ENABLE
; t-> p_state &= ~PTHREAD_CANCEL_ENABLE
; t-> p_state |= state ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_setcanceltype( int type , int * oldtype ) { pthread_t t = pthread_self ( ) ; if ( ( type & PTHREAD_CANCEL_ASYNCHRONOUS ) != type ) return EINVAL ; if ( oldtype ) * oldtype = t-> p_state & PTHREAD_CANCEL_ASYNCHRONOUS
; t-> p_state &= ~PTHREAD_CANCEL_ASYNCHRONOUS
; t-> p_state |= type ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_create_wrapper( void * args ) { struct _pthread_v *tv = args ; int i , j ; _pthread_once_raw(&_pthread_tls_once , pthread_tls_init ) ; TlsSetValue ( _pthread_tls , tv ) ; if ( ! setjmp(tv -> jb ) ) { /*
Call function and save return value */ tv->ret_arg = tv->func( tv->ret_arg ) ; /* Clean up destructors */ _pthread_cleanup_dest(tv ) ; } /*
If we exit too early , then we can race with create */ while ( tv->h == ( HANDLE ) - 1 ) { YieldProcessor ( ) ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; } /*
Make sure we free ourselves if we are detached */ if ( ! tv->h ) free ( tv ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_create ( pthread_t * th , pthread_attr_t * attr , void *(* func ) ( void * ) , void * arg ) { struct _pthread_v * tv = malloc( sizeof ( struct _pthread_v ) ) ; unsigned ssize = 0 ; if ( ! tv ) return 1 ; *th = tv ; /*
Save data in pthread_t */ tv->ret_arg = arg ; tv->func = func ; tv->clean = NULL ; tv->cancelled = 0 ; tv->p_state = PTHREAD_DEFAULT_ATTR
; tv-> keymax = 0 ; tv->keyval = NULL ; tv->h = ( HANDLE ) - 1 ; if ( attr ) { tv->p_state = attr->p_state ; ssize = attr->s_size ; } /*
Make sure tv->h has value of - 1 */ _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; tv->h = ( HANDLE ) _beginthreadex ( NULL , ssize , pthread_create_wrapper , tv , 0 , NULL ) ; /* Failed */ if ( !tv->h ) return 1 ; if ( tv->p_state & PTHREAD_CREATE_DETACHED ) { CloseHandle ( tv->h ) ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; tv->h = 0 ; } return 0 ; } static int pthread_join ( pthread_t t , void * * res ) { struct _pthread_v * tv = t ; pthread_testcancel ( ) ; WaitForSingleObject( tv->h , INFINITE ) ; CloseHandle ( tv->h ) ; /* Obtain return value */ if ( res ) * res = tv->ret_arg ; free ( tv ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_detach ( pthread_t t ) { struct _pthread_v *tv = t ; /* *
This can't race with thread exit because * our call would be undefined if called on a dead thread .
*/ CloseHandle ( tv->h ) ; _ ReadWriteBarrier ( ) ; tv->h = 0 ; return 0 ; } Most of the above code is fairly trivial .
The only non-obvious thing is the use of a jump buffer to transfer control in pthread_exit ( ) .
This is done so that C++ destructors may be called as the stack is unwound .
A simple call to terminate the thread may not clean up exactly what we want otherwise .
Another subtlety is pthread_self ( )
This function will transparently convert a non-pthreads created thread into one with the extra information required for the pthreads API .
Thus if you do n't want to use pthread_create ( ) , and instead use the Microsoft windows thread creation API , you can .
The only downside is that pthread_self ( ) has no documented failure mode , so if it can't allocate memory it calls abort ( ) as there is nothing else it can do .
Thread Specific Data
The last significant part of the pthreads API is that for thread specific data .
This can be implemented in two different ways in windows .
The simplest is to use __declspec ( thread ) .
Unfortunately , that technique does n't work correctly for dll's .
Thus we are forced to use the other interface based on TlsAlloc ( ) .
This is the reason why the variable _pthread_tls is used above .
By using a resizable array within the thread - specific data we can store the information required by the Posix specification .
The data - keys are able to be implemented as a global resizable array protected by read - write locks .
# define PTHREAD_KEYS_MAX
( 1<< 20 ) pthread_rwlock_t _pthread_key_lock ; long _pthread_key_max ; long _pthread_key_sch ; void ( ** _pthread_key_dest ) ( void *) ; typedef unsigned pthread_key_t ; static int pthread_key_create ( pthread_key_t * key , void (* dest ) ( void * ) ) { int i ; long nmax ; void ( **d ) ( void * ) ; if ( ! key ) return EINVAL ; pthread_rwlock_wrlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; for ( i = _pthread_key_sch ; i < _pthread_key_max ; i++) { if ( !_pthread_key_dest[i ] ) { * key = i ; if ( dest ) { _pthread_key_dest[i ] = dest ; } else { _pthread_key_dest[i ] = ( void ( * ) ( void *) ) 1 ; } pthread_rwlock_unlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; return 0 ; } } for ( i = 0 ; i < _pthread_key_sch ; i++) { if ( !_pthread_key_dest[i ] ) { * key = i ; if ( dest ) { _pthread_key_dest[i ] = dest ; } else { _pthread_key_dest[i ] = ( void ( * ) ( void *) ) 1 ; } pthread_rwlock_unlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; return 0 ; } } if ( !_pthread_key_max ) _pthread_key_max = 1 ; if ( _pthread_key_max == PTHREAD_KEYS_MAX ) { pthread_rwlock_unlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; return ENOMEM ; } nmax = _pthread_key_max * 2 ; if ( nmax > PTHREAD_KEYS_MAX ) nmax = PTHREAD_KEYS_MAX ; /* No spare room anywhere */ d = realloc ( _pthread_key_dest , nmax * sizeof ( *d ) ) ; if ( !d ) { pthread_rwlock_unlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; return ENOMEM ; } /* Clear new region */ memset (( void *) & d[_pthread_key_max ] , 0 , ( nmax-_pthread_key_max ) *sizeof ( void *) ) ; /*
Use new region */ _pthread_key_dest = d ; _pthread_key_sch = _pthread_key_max + 1 ; * key = _pthread_key_max ; _pthread_key_max = nmax ; if ( dest ) { _pthread_key_dest [ * key ] = dest ; } else { _pthread_key_dest [ * key ] = ( void ( * ) ( void *) ) 1 ; } pthread_rwlock_unlock( &_pthread_key_lock ) ; return 0 ; } static int pthread_key_delete( pthread_key_t key ) { if ( key > _pthread_key_max ) return EINVAL ; if ( !_pthread_key_dest ) return EINVAL ; pthread_rwlock_wrlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; _pthread_key_dest[key ] = NULL ; /* Start next search from our location */ if ( _pthread_key_sch > key ) _pthread_key_sch = key ; pthread_rwlock_unlock(&_pthread_key_lock ) ; return 0 ; } Finally , the thread specific data for the keys is stored inside the struct pointed to by the pthread_t pointer .
static void * pthread_getspecific( pthread_key_t key ) { pthread_t t = pthread_self ( ) ; if ( key >= t-> keymax ) return NULL ; return t-> keyval[key ] ; } static int pthread_setspecific ( pthread_key_t key , const void * value ) { pthread_t t = pthread_self ( ) ; if ( key > t-> keymax ) { int keymax = ( key + 1 ) * 2 ; void ** kv = realloc ( t -> keyval , keymax * sizeof ( void * ) ) ; if ( ! kv ) return ENOMEM ; /* Clear new region */ memset ( & kv[t -> keymax ] , 0 , ( keymax - t-> keymax ) * sizeof ( void * ) ) ; t-> keyval = kv ; t-> keymax = keymax ; } t-> keyval[key ] = ( void *) value ; return 0 ; } Unimplemented Functions
There finally remains some functions that exist in the Posix Threading API , but do not correspond well to the Microsoft windows API .
The first of these is pthread_atfork ( ) .
It is designed to make sure the fork ( ) system call works as intended in multithreaded programs , allowing the child process to know that it is able to use all its required data due to it being in a consistent state .
However , windows does n't have the fork ( ) function , so this routine can be a simple stub .
Similarly , windows lacks good support for signals .
Thus pthread_kill ( ) and pthread_sigmask also can be implemented as stubs since porting a signal - using application over will require much extra work anyway .
/* No fork ( ) in windows - so ignore this */ # define pthread_atfork ( F1, F2,F3 ) 0 /* Windows has rudimentary signals support */ # define pthread_kill( T , S ) 0 # define pthread_sigmask( H , S1 , S2 ) 0
A full implementation of this library is on the downloads page .
It is licensed under the BSD license .
However , be aware that it does use undocumented windows internals for a few of the synchronization primitives .
These may be changed by Microsoft in the future , so probably should not be relied on for anything important .
Lockless
Articles
Pthreads on Microsoft Windows
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
IT ’S INEVITABLE .
At a dinner party or on the sidelines of my son ’s soccer game , someone well - meaning will ask what I do .
“ I edit the Virginia Quarterly Review , ” I tell them .
“ It ’s the literary magazine at the University of Virginia . ”
They nod politely , sometimes with the vaguest hint of recognition .
Yes , they remember seeing in the local paper that we ’ve won some big awards , right ?
It ’s well respected , is n’t it ?
But the idea of editing a literary magazine seems , to them , only slightly more utilitarian than making buggy whips or telegraph relays .
It ’s the sort of arcane craft they assumed was kept alive only by a lost order of nuns in a remote mountain convent or by the Amish in some print shop in Pennsylvania Dutch Country .
And , soon enough , that may be where it winds up .
After more than a century of founding and subsidizing literary magazines as a vital part of their educational missions , colleges and universities have begun off - loading their publications , citing overburdened budgets and dwindling readership .
Despite the potentially disastrous consequences to the landscape of literature and ideas , it ’s increasingly hard to argue against .
Once strongholds of literature and learned discussion in our country , university - based quarterlies have seen steadily declining subscriber bases since their heyday a half - century ago — and an even greater dent in their cultural relevance .
Consider this :
When Wilbur Cross was elected governor of Connecticut in 1930 , an unlikely Democratic victor in an overwhelmingly Republican state , his principal qualification was his nearly 20 years as editor of Yale Review .
Indeed , Cross essentially invented the modern quarterly when he reshaped the sleepy review to more closely mirror The Atlantic in its discussion of current events alongside literature and criticism .
While preparing to take office , he was in correspondence with Aldous Huxley , Sherwood Anderson , and Maxim Gorky about their contributions to the next issue .
In fact , through four successive terms , Cross never left the helm of Yale Review — publishing John Maynard Keynes on microeconomics and Thomas Mann on the threat of Nazism — at the same time he was pushing back against legislated morality ( such as Prohibition ) and enacting tougher child - labor restrictions .
When the New York Times asked how he found time to read manuscripts and review proofs while performing his responsibilities as governor , Cross deadpanned , “ By getting up early in the morning . ”
Easy for him to say .
Back in the 1930s , magazines like the Yale Review or VQR saw maybe 500 submissions in a year ; today , we receive more like 15,000 .
This is due partly to a shift in our culture from a society that believed in hierarchy to one that believes in a level playing field .
This is good — to a point .
The reality is that not everyone can be a doctor , not everyone can be a professional athlete , and not everyone can be a writer .
You may be a precious snowflake , but if you ca n’t express your individuality in sterling prose , I do n’t want to read about it .
But in academia , supply is decoupled from demand .
Beginning in Cross ’ time and accelerating after World War II and the GI Bill , universities broadened their curricula to include what they called “ creative writing . ”
Harvard , Yale , and Princeton began offering undergraduate writing courses .
The University of Iowa proffered a Master of Fine Arts program , and its graduates went on to teach the next generation at Iowa or , more often , started other MFA programs — often founding a companion literary magazine at which students could work , learning the art of editing .
By the 1950s , young writers could apply to a dozen creative writing programs ; the Beats could publish in Chicago Review , experimental writers in Black Mountain Review , internationalist writers in TriQuarterly , young Southern writers in Georgia Review and Shenandoah .
All on the university dime .
By the early ’ 70s — and with the development of inexpensive offset printing — every school seemed to have its own quarterly .
Before long , the combined forces of identity politics and cheap desktop publishing gave rise to African American journals , Asian American journals , gay and lesbian journals .
Graduates of creative writing programs were multiplying like tribbles .
Last summer , Louis Menand tabulated that there were 822 creative writing programs .
Consider this for a moment :
If those programs admit even 5 to 10 new students per year , then they will cumulatively produce some 60,000 new writers in the coming decade .
Yet the average literary magazine now prints fewer than 1,500 copies .
In short , no one is reading all this newly produced literature — not even the writers themselves .
And with that in mind , writers have become less and less interested in reaching out to readers — and less and less encouraged by their teachers to try .
Little wonder then that the last decade has seen ever - dwindling commercial venues for literary writers .
Just 17 years ago , you could find fiction in the pages of national magazines like The Atlantic , Elle , Esquire , Glamour , Good Housekeeping , GQ , McCall ’s , Mother Jones , Ms. , Playboy , Redbook , and Seventeen , and in city magazines and Sunday editions like the Boston Globe Magazine , Chicago , and the Voice Literary Supplement .
Not one of these venues ( those that still exist ) still publishes fiction on a regular basis .
Oh , sure , The Atlantic still has an annual fiction issue ( sold on newsstands but not sent to subscribers ) , and Esquire runs fiction online if it ’s less than 4,000 words .
But only Harper ’s and The New Yorker have remained committed to the short story .
One would think that the rapid eviction of literature from the pages of commercial magazines would have come as a tremendous boon to lit mags , especially at the schools that have become safe harbors for ( and de facto patrons of ) writers whose works do n’t sell enough to generate an income .
You would expect that the loyal readers of established writers would have provided a boost in circulation to these little magazines and that universities would have seen themselves in a new light — not just promoting the enjoyment of literature but promulgating a new era of socially conscious writing in the postcommercial age .
But the less commercially viable fiction became , the less it seemed to concern itself with its audience , which in turn made it less commercial , until , like a dying star , it seems on the verge of implosion .
Indeed , most American writers seem to have forgotten how to write about big issues — as if giving two shits about the world has gotten crushed under the boot sole of postmodernism .
In the midst of a war on two fronts , there has been hardly a ripple in American fiction .
With the exception of a few execrable screeds — like Nicholson Baker ’s Checkpoint ( which revealed just how completely postmodernism has painted itself into a corner ) — novelists and story writers alike have largely ignored the wars .
Even our poets , the supposed deliverers of “ news that stays news , ” have been comparatively mum ; Brian Turner is the only major poet to yet emerge from Iraq .
In this vacuum , nonfiction has experienced a renaissance , and the publishing industry — already geared toward marketing tell - all memoirs and sweeping histories — has seized upon the eyewitness remembrances of combatants and the epic military accounts of journalists .
That , combined with the blockbuster mentality of book publishing in the age of corporate conglomeration ( to the point of nearly exterminating the midlist ) , has conspired to squash the market for new fiction .
All of which has left too many university presidents , already in search of cuts for short - term gain , eyeing their presses and literary magazines and wondering who will miss them if they ’re gone .
Unfortunately , some of the journals to feel the earliest and severest impact are also some of the best .
Louisiana State University cut more than 20 percent of Southern Review ‘s budget .
Middlebury College has given New England Review two years to break even or face elimination .
Most catastrophic thus far , Northwestern University is moving TriQuarterly online and terminating the current editors — including poet Susan Hahn , who has been with the magazine for 30 of its 45 years .
The TriQuarterly has consistently published seminal writers in almost every genre , yet that track record was not enough to save it from the ax .
To pull out of this tailspin , writers and their patrons both will have to make some necessary changes — and quick .
With so many newspapers and magazines closing , with so many commercial publishers looking to nonprofit models , a few bold university presidents could save American literature , reshape journalism , and maybe even rescue public discourse from the cable shout shows and the blogosphere .
At the same time , young writers will have to swear off navel - gazing in favor of an outward glance onto a wrecked and lovely world worthy and in need of the attention of intelligent , sensitive writers .
I ’m not calling for more pundits — God knows we ’ve got plenty .
I ’m saying that writers need to venture out from under the protective wing of academia , to put themselves and their work on the line .
Stop being so damned dainty and polite .
Treat writing like your lifeblood instead of your livelihood .
And for Christ ’s sake , write something we might want to read .
Employment Discrimination , The Glass Ceiling & The Gender Wage Gap
Today , I ’m departing from my usual fare by presenting a snarky and controversial guest post by Mr. Moneybags , a personal finance blogger I ’ve recently come across .
I ’d characterize his writing style as risque , highly edgy and different ( I had to tone down his post somewhat , in order to run it here ) .
For a much tamer look at the gender debate in finance , check out our posts : Managing Money : Men vs Women and Traditional Jobs For Men and Women .
I now offer the floor to Mr. Moneybags .
Is there equality for women in the workforce ?
Sure , you can talk about equality all you want and acknowledge the plight of women and what they have gone through in the last century to achieve socio- economic parity , but the corporate world still seems to disagree .
Employment Discrimination & The Gender Wage Gap
In 2006 , the United States Census Bureau determined that women earn an average income of $ 32,515 every year , while men bring home $ 42,261 worth of bacon - – that ’s a difference of $ 9,746 .
Over the average person ’s work life ( 24 to 65 years old ) of 41 years , this amounts to men making almost $ 400,000 more than the average woman .
If you invest that same $ 9,746 every year growing at an annual compounded rate of return of 15 % , that amounts to almost $ 26 million — the equivalent of 15 beach homes , 260 Porsches or 2.6 million Danielle Steel novels .
So , what is the reason that men make so much more money than women ?
Is it because men can lift heavy boxes and lug them across far distances ?
Or could it be because of that thing which requires a magical blue pill for optimal performance ?
The purpose of this article is to find out why these compensation differences exist , and what women can do to close that earnings gap short of a sex change operation ( a.k.a. Plan B ) .
Let ’s get started !
How To Break the Glass Ceiling : 13 Fortunate Women
Of all the companies in the mighty list of the USA ’s largest 500 publicly traded companies known as the Fortune 500 , only 13 companies ( or 2.6 % ) have had female CEOs .
Outside the Fortune 500 companies , the ratio is even lower at 1.5 % of CEOs being women .
So , why is this the case even though women now receive about 6 out of every 10 college degrees , have earned more than 40 % of MBA designations at top colleges and have performed better than their male counterparts in executive roles at many companies ( according to some reports ) ?
Let ’s take a closer look at some of the female CEOs of the top companies :
From left to right we have : Patricial Woertz ( Archer Daniels Midland ) , Indra Nooyi ( PepsiCo ) , Irene Rosenfeld ( Kraft Foods ) , Ellen Kullman ( DuPont ) and Laura Sen ( BJ ’s Wholesale Club ) .
So , what do they all have in common ?
They all look like men .
And there ’s your problem — instead of accentuating the wonderful aspects that makes a woman a woman , these ladies instead lopped off their beautiful tresses and donned pantsuits worthy of taking on Jon Travolta on the dance floor ( Saturday Night Fever , anyone ? ) .
And there ’s your first tip : if you ca n’t beat ‘ em , join ‘em !
Want to make as much money as a man ?
Then look ( work and play ) like one !
Of course , many women wo n’t take kindly to such a proposition , so unless you are fine with changing your identity a la John Travolta in Face / Off then you may want to keep reading .
Do What You Love And The Money Will Follow ?
Do n’t Think So .
In a study performed by some super economists at the University of Chicago , a few rather interesting facts were discerned about the reasons for the gender wage gap , one of them being this :
On average , women score slightly lower GPAs than men and take fewer finance courses .
What does this have to do with the wage gap ?
Remember those Wall Street jobs that were under scrutiny during the financial crisis ?
Think of that and everything you have ever heard in the news about the financial industry , and remember the ridiculous salaries and bonuses that the top executives got at these firms and compare it to the average person’s .
Now you have your answer .
If you do n’t take finance courses or learn about finance and business in some way , chances are that you ’re not going to join the financial industry and end up taking your very own jet ( forged out of solid gold ) to work every day like the rest of us .
Since fewer women join the high - paying financial industry , it follows that fewer women are making as much money this way .
Why is this the case ?
I can assure you that most men do n’t fight to the death to get an internship at a leading financial institution because they enjoy studying Aroon Oscillators and utilizing the Elliot Wave Theory .
They do it for the money .
Women , on the other hand , know that the size of their bank account does n’t compensate for the lack of size of certain appendages , and instead , do things that they actually enjoy .
It is for this reason that women take the courses they want to study in college as opposed to where they can get the easiest marks , even though doing so may result in a lower GPA .
Of course , this may ultimately result in a lower salary as well — but then again , they ’re not in it for the money in the first place .
The Other Side of Having Babies
If you are a capitalistic pig such as myself who only cares about money , you may want to avoid having children .
Why ?
After ten years in the workforce , only 10 % of male MBAs went for six months or more without working , compared with 40 % of female MBAs .
If that was n’t enough , over the first fifteen years of their careers , women work fewer hours than men ( 52 per week versus 58 ) - – adding up to a whole six months ’ worth of experience over those 15 years .
In short , women work less than men .
Is it because women would rather kick back in their sofas and read the latest novel of the Twilight saga rather than drag themselves to work ?
Or is it because they would rather take a “ personal day ” off at the mall complete with a credit card with no limit ?
Not exactly .
It seems that for women , their family and children are more important than working day and night in order to be able to lug some big fat moneybags home –- and I do n’t blame them .
Having money is fine and dandy , but having no one to share it with kind of defeats the purpose .
This is something that too few men seem to realize .
Still , more and more women are straying away from directly competing with men for the high - paying executive positions .
So if you ’d like to risk living the rest of your life childless or with a broken family in exchange for a few extra bucks , then I wish you the best of luck .
Parting Thoughts
In the end , we see that women are n’t really equal to men .
In fact , it may be the case that women are infinitely superior to men in every way but one .
But if not for these differences , how else would I be able to pass on my legacy and build a little army of Mr. Moneybags that will assist me in conquering the world ?
Shall we therefore conclude that in order to be on the right track to greater financial success , that we should learn to sacrifice some of the things we love for the money , and perhaps even risk the possibility of growing old without kids or a family ?
P.S. I ’ve written controversial posts on my own site in the past ( such as how a few cows can cause more environmental damage than a parking lot full of Hummers or how to get rich by being racist ) but this is definitely my most controversial guest post ( so far ) !
Mr. Moneybags is the richest being in the universe to have ever existed , and accidentally invented the stock market in 16th century France while searching for a way to smuggle pilgrims across the country .
He and his blog are determined to prove to the world that the subject of money should n’t make you want to douse yourself in gasoline and run into a forest fire .
Copyright © 2009 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
The International Banana Club Museum is in trouble .
The museum , which houses 17,000 banana related items , has until the end of the month to pack up .
Ken Bannister , director and owner of the museum - or Top Banana , as he likes to call himself - is looking for someone to buy his memorabilia , which he has been collecting for the past 38 years .
The BBC's Dan Damon asked him what kind of person runs a banana museum ?
Disney is wringing the pink out of its princess movies .
After the less - than - fairy - tale results for its most recent animated release , “ The Princess and the Frog , ” executives at the Burbank studio believe they know why the acclaimed movie came up short at the box office .
Brace yourself :
Boys did n’t want to see a movie with “ princess ” in the title .
This time , Disney is taking measures to ensure that does n’t happen again .
The studio renamed its next animated film with the girl - centric name “ Rapunzel ” to the less gender - specific “ Tangled . ”
The makeover of “ Rapunzel ” is more than cosmetic .
Disney can ill afford a moniker that alienates half the potential audience , young boys , who are needed to make an expensive family film a success .
“ We did not want to be put in a box , ” said Ed Catmull , president of Pixar and Disney Animation Studios , explaining the reason for the name change .
“ Some people might assume it ’s a fairy tale for girls when it ’s not .
We make movies to be appreciated and loved by everybody . ”
So Disney is taking no chances with “ Tangled , ” positioned to take advantage of holiday family moviegoing when it opens Nov. 24 .
The studio ’s marketing campaign will amp up the role of the dashing Errol Flynn - styled male lead to share the spotlight with the golden - haired namesake of the classic Brothers Grimm story .
Hints of swashbuckling action are already being leaked online .
“ In our film , the infamous bandit Flynn Rider meets his match in the girl with the 70 feet of magical golden hair , ” wrote the film ’s producer , Roy Conli , on Disney Animation ’s Facebook page .
“ We ’re having a lot of fun pairing Flynn , who ’s seen it all , with Rapunzel , who ’s been locked away in a tower for 18 years . ”
Flynn Rider , of course , is nowhere to be found in the original “ Rapunzel ” story .
In the Grimm tale , a prince riding through a forest is enticed by Rapunzel ’s sweet singing and climbs up the tower where the imprisoned girl is reachable only by her golden tresses .
The prince is hardly the boastful swordsman type , let alone a charming rogue .
And in Disney ’s latest version , the demure princess is transformed into a feisty teen .
Disney hopes the introduction of the slightly bad - boy character will help it tap the broadest possible audience for “ Tangled , ” emulating the success of its corporate sibling , Pixar .
Pixar ’s movies have been huge hits because they appeal to girls , boys and adults .
Its most recent release , “ Up , ” grossed more than $ 700 million worldwide .
“ The Princess and the Frog ” generated considerably less -- $ 222 million in global ticket sales to date .
“ Based upon the response from fans and critics , we believe it would have been higher if it was n’t prejudged by its title , ” Catmull said .
In rethinking “ Rapunzel , ” Disney tested a number of titles , finally settling on “ Tangled ” because people responded to meanings beyond the obvious hair reference : a twisted version of the familiar story and the tangled relationship between the two lead characters .
However , some in the Disney animation community think the name change is misguided .
Floyd Norman , a retired Disney and Pixar animator , lampooned the new name with a cartoon on his blog that depicts Rapunzel in her tower brandishing a machine gun and declaring “ Rapunzel Salvation : This Is Not a Princess Movie . ”
“ The idea of changing the title of a classic like ‘ Rapunzel ’ to ‘ Tangled ’ is beyond stupid , ” said Norman , who worked on films including “ Mulan ” and “ Monsters , Inc . ”
“ I ’m still hoping that Disney will eventually regain their sanity and return the title of their movie to what it should be .
I ’m convinced they ’ll gain nothing from this except the public seeing Disney as desperately trying to find an audience . ”
Rapunzel is n’t the only Disney princess to have a boy problem .
Concluding it had too many animated girl flicks in its lineup , Disney has shelved its long - gestating project “ The Snow Queen , ” based on the Hans Christian Andersen story .
“ Snow Queen ” would have marked the company ’s fourth animated film with a female protagonist , following “ The Princess and the Frog , ” “ Tangled ” and Pixar ’s forthcoming “ The Bear and the Bow , ” directed by Pixar ’s first female director , Brenda Chapman , and starring Reese Witherspoon .
Since the release of its first movie , “ Toy Story , ” in 1995 , Pixar has uniformly featured male leads in its films , including Buzz and Woody ; Mr. Incredible , the middle - aged superhero in “ The Incredibles ” ; and Lightning McQueen , the stock - car star of “ Cars . ”
But princesses have played an integral role in Disney ’s animation division since the 1937 debut of “ Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ” all the way to last year ’s “ Princess and the Frog . ”
Princesses and other female protagonists helped lead the 1980s and ‘ 90s revival of the animation unit with “ The Little Mermaid , ” “ Beauty and the Beast ” and “ Mulan . ”
The difference between those releases and “ Princess and the Frog ” is that those earlier films were n’t marketed as princess movies .
The female characters emerged as a brand only in 1999 , when Disney Consumer Products lumped nine of the favorite Disney princesses together to sell toys , clothing and other merchandise .
That licensing business accounted for $ 3.7 billion in retail sales last year .
Even though “ Princess and the Frog ” was a box - office disappointment , dolls depicting Disney ’s first African American princess flew off shelves last holiday season .
Over the last decade , “ Rapunzel ” has had a tortured history .
The movie was conceived as a straightforward retelling of the German fairy tale about a girl who , at the age of 12 , is locked away in a tower in the woods by an enchantress .
Initially , veteran Disney animator Glen Keane , who had worked on “ Beauty and the Beast ” and “ The Little Mermaid , ” was developing “ Rapunzel ” in the hand - drawn tradition .
Then in 2003 Disney retooled the movie creatively and technically in response to the popularity of such computer - animated tales as “ Monsters , Inc. ” and “ Finding Nemo . ” Redubbed “ Rapunzel Unbraided , ” the new version attempted to echo the snarky tone of DreamWorks Animation Studios ’ blockbuster “ Shrek . ”
Two years after Disney ’s 2006 acquisition of Pixar , Keane relinquished his director role , citing health issues , and was replaced by Nathan Greno and Byron Howard , who were asked to give the film a fresh take .
dawn.chmielewski@latimes.com
claudia.eller@latimes.com
Warning !
Bad Ashley is for Adult 18 + Viewers Only .
Please leave if you are not of age !
All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed .
The site is in full compliance with 18 USC Section 2257 .
All pictures , articles , titles and content on this site has either been submitted by individuals who possess the rights to use and distribute said images , or were collected freely and reposted from many various sites and newsgroups , under the belief that they are in the “ public domain . ”
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
The Afghan government is blaming Pakistani intelligence agents and al Qaeda for burned Qurans found in Helmand Province last week , a spokesman for the provincial government said .
A sack of burned Qurans was discovered by troops with the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) and Afghan forces , said Daoud Ahmadi , the Helmand government spokesman , on Wednesday .
The Quran is the holy book of Islam .
They were found in a home in the district of Garmsir on Friday along with some ammunition , Ahmadi said .
The owner of the home said the Qurans ' burning was caused by an airstrike , but there was no other damage from an airstrike in the area , he added .
The owner of the home -- whose son is a member of the Taliban -- has been arrested in connection with the discovery , Ahmadi said .
Two others have also been arrested , he said , for allegedly distributing pages of the burned Quran to area villagers .
The Afghan government has concluded that the Qurans are part of a plot by the enemies of the country to stir up the populace , Ahmadi said .
He said it shows that ISI -- or Pakistani intelligence agents -- smugglers and al Qaeda are using such tactics to plot against foreign forces and have local residents turn against them .
Earlier this month , a violent protest broke out in the Garmsir district after rumors circulated that ISAF soldiers desecrated a Quran during an operation against the Taliban .
During the January 12 protest , an insurgent sniper shot an Afghan official , an ISAF statement said , and ISAF service members then shot and killed the sniper .
ISAF denied that its troops had any part in destroying a Quran .
" While denying these allegations , we take them very seriously and support a combined investigation with local Afghan authorities , " said Maj .
Gen. Michael Regner , deputy chief of staff for operations for ISAF Joint Command .
" ISAF is an international force that includes Muslim soldiers , and we deplore such an action under any circumstances . "
A fatwa , or religious legal ruling , has been issued by a group of religious scholars against whoever was involved in burning the Qurans found last week .
The scholars were consulted by the local government in Lashkar Gah .
I never went to the old Food Hall at Crockett Row , even though this publication has written about it on several occasions .
Therefore , I ca n’t compare ...
Inundated with medical - marijuana patient applications , Colorado ’s health department has changed one way it handles the flood of paperwork .
Starting April 1 , health department workers will no longer review applications submitted at the department ’s walk - up window to make sure they are complete before accepting them .
In a news release , the health department said that practice unfairly gave walk - up applications priority and contributed to a backlog of mailed - in applications .
The department has been receiving about 1,000 applications per workday , nearly quadruple the number it was receiving per day over the summer , according to the release .
The lag between when an application is received and when a license is issued has now stretched to six months .
The department is awaiting legislative approval of funding to add temporary workers to help with the backlog .
John Ingold , The Denver Post
Following are a couple recipes I wrote for Regular Expressions Cookbook , composing a fairly comprehensive guide to validating and formatting North American and international phone numbers using regular expressions .
The regexes in these recipes are all pretty straightforward , but hopefully this gives an example of the depth you can expect from the book .
For more than 100 detailed regular expression recipes that include equal coverage for eight programming languages ( C# , Java , JavaScript , Perl , PHP , Python , Ruby , and VB. NET ) , get your very own copy of Regular Expressions Cookbook .
Also available in Russian , German , Japanese , Czech , Chinese , Korean , and Brazilian Portuguese .
Following is an excerpt from Regular Expressions Cookbook ( O'Reilly , 2009 ) by Jan Goyvaerts and Steven Levithan .
Reprinted with permission .
Validate and Format North American Phone Numbers
Problem
You want to determine whether a user entered a North American phone number in a common format , including the local area code .
These formats include 1234567890 , 123-456-7890 , 123.456.7890 , 123 456 7890 , ( 123 ) 456 7890 , and all related combinations .
If the phone number is valid , you want to convert it to your standard format , ( 123 ) 456-7890 , so that your phone number records are consistent .
Solution
A regular expression can easily check whether a user entered something that looks like a valid phone number .
By using capturing groups to remember each set of digits , the same regular expression can be used to replace the subject text with precisely the format you want .
Regular expression
^\( ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) \ ) ?[-. ]? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) [ -. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4 } ) $
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
Replacement
( $ 1 ) $ 2-$3
Replacement text flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , Perl , PHP ( \1 ) \2-\3
Replacement text flavors : Python , Ruby
C #
Regex regexObj = new Regex ( @ " ^\ ( ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) \ ) ?[-. ]? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) [ -. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4 } ) $ " ) ; if ( regexObj.IsMatch(subjectString ) ) { string formatted PhoneNumber = regexObj.Replace(subjectString , " ( $ 1 ) $ 2 - $ 3 " ) ; } else { //
Invalid phone number }
JavaScript
var regexObj = /^\( ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) \ ) ?[-. ]? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) [ -. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4} ) $ / ; if ( regexObj.test(subjectString ) ) { var formatted PhoneNumber = subjectString.replace(regexObj , " ( $ 1 ) $ 2 - $ 3 " ) ; } else { //
Invalid phone number }
Other programming languages
See Recipes 3.5 and 3.15 for help implementing this regular expression with other programming languages .
Discussion
This regular expression matches three groups of digits .
The first group can optionally be enclosed with parentheses , and the first two groups can optionally be followed with a choice of three separators ( a hyphen , dot , or space ) .
The following layout breaks the regular expression into its individual parts , omitting the redundant groups of digits :
^ # Assert position at the beginning of the string .
\( # Match a literal " ( " ... ?
# between zero and one time .
( # Capture the enclosed match to backreference 1 ... [ 0 - 9 ] # Match a digit ... { 3 } # exactly three times . ) # End capturing group 1 . \) # Match a literal " ) " ... ?
# between zero and one time .
[ -. ] #
Match one character from the set " -. " ... ?
# between zero and one time .
⋯ # [ Match the remaining digits and separator . ]
$ # Assert position at the end of the string .
Let ’s look at each of these parts more closely .
The ^ and $ at the beginning and end of the regular expression are a special kind of metacharacter called an anchor or assertion .
Instead of matching text , assertions match a position within the text .
Specifically , ^ matches at the beginning of the text , and $ at the end .
This ensures that the phone number regex does not match within longer text , such as 123-456-78901 .
As we ’ve repeatedly seen , parentheses are special characters in regular expressions , but in this case we want to allow a user to enter parentheses and have our regex recognize them .
This is a textbook example of where we need a backslash to escape a special character so the regular expression treats it as literal input .
Thus , the \( and \ ) sequences that enclose the first group of digits match literal parenthesis characters .
Both are followed by a question mark , which makes them optional .
We ’ll explain more about the question mark after discussing the other types of tokens in this regular expression .
The parentheses that appear without backslashes are capturing groups and are used to remember the values matched within them so that the matched text can be recalled later .
In this case , backreferences to the captured values are used in the replacement text so we can easily reformat the phone number as needed .
Two other types of tokens used in this regular expression are character classes and quantifiers .
Character classes allow you to match any one out of a set of characters . [ 0 - 9 ] is a character class that matches any digit .
The regular expression flavors covered by this book all include the shorthand character class \d that also matches a digit , but in some flavors \d matches a digit from any language ’s character set or script , which is not what we want here .
See Recipe 2.3 for more information about \d .
[ -. ] is another character class , one that allows any one of three separators .
It ’s important that the hyphen appears first in this character class , because if it appeared between other characters , it would create a range , as with [ 0 - 9 ] .
Another way to ensure that a hyphen inside a character class matches a literal version of itself is to escape it with a backslash .
[.\- ] is therefore equivalent .
Finally , quantifiers allow you to repeat a token or group .
{ 3} is a quantifier that causes its preceding element to be repeated exactly three times .
The regular expression [ 0 - 9 ] {3} is therefore equivalent to [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] , but is shorter and hopefully easier to read .
A question mark ( mentioned earlier ) is a special quantifier that causes its preceding element to repeat zero or one time .
It could also be written as { 0,1} .
Any quantifier that allows something to be repeated zero times effectively makes that element optional .
Since a question mark is used after each separator , the phone number digits are allowed to run together .
Note that although this recipe claims to handle North American phone numbers , it ’s actually designed to work with North American Numbering Plan ( NANP ) numbers .
The NANP is the telephone numbering plan for the countries that share the country code “ 1 ” .
This includes the United States and its territories , Canada , Bermuda , and 16 Caribbean nations .
It excludes Mexico and the Central American nations .
Variations
Eliminate invalid phone numbers
So far , the regular expression matches any 10 - digit number .
If you want to limit matches to valid phone numbers according to the North American Numbering Plan , here are the basic rules :
Area codes start with a number from 2 –9 , followed by 0 –8 , and then any third digit .
The second group of three digits , known as the central office or exchange code , starts with a number from 2 –9 , followed by any two digits .
The final four digits , known as the station code , have no restrictions .
These rules can easily be implemented with a few character classes :
^\( ? ( [ 2 - 9 ] [ 0 - 8 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) \ ) ?[-. ] ? ( [ 2 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] {2 } ) [-. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4 } ) $
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
Beyond the basic rules just listed , there are a variety of reserved , unassigned , and restricted phone numbers .
Unless you have very specific needs that require you to filter out as many phone numbers as possible , do n’t go overboard trying to eliminate unused numbers .
New area codes that fit the rules listed earlier are made available regularly , and even if a phone number is valid , that does n’t necessarily mean it was issued or is in active use .
Find phone numbers in documents
Two simple changes allow the previous regular expression to match phone numbers within longer text :
\ (?\b( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) \ ) ?[-. ]? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) [ -. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4} ) \b
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
Here , the ^ and $ assertions that bound the regular expression to the beginning and end of the text have been removed .
In their place , word boundary tokens ( \b ) have been added to ensure that the matched text stands on its own and is not part of a longer number or word .
Similar to ^ and $ , \b is an assertion that matches a position rather than any actual text .
Specifically , \b matches the position between a word character and either a nonword character or the beginning or end of the text .
Letters , numbers , and underscore are all considered word characters ( see Recipe 2.6 ) .
Note that the first word boundary token appears after the optional , opening parenthesis .
This is important because there is no word boundary to be matched between two nonword characters , such as the opening parenthesis and a preceding space character .
The first word boundary is relevant only when matching a number without parentheses , since the word boundary always matches between the opening parenthesis and the first digit of a phone number .
Allow a leading “ 1 ”
You can allow an optional , leading “ 1 ” for the country code ( which covers the North American Numbering Plan region ) via the addition shown in the following regex :
^(?:\+?1[-. ]? ) ?\(? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) \ ) ?[-. ]? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) [ -. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4 } ) $
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
In addition to the phone number formats shown previously , this regular expression will also match strings such as +1 ( 123 ) 456-7890 and 1-123-456-7890 .
It uses a noncapturing group , written as ( ?:⋯ ) .
When a question mark follows an unescaped left parenthesis like this , it ’s not a quantifier , but instead helps to identify the type of grouping .
Standard capturing groups require the regular expression engine to keep track of backreferences , so it ’s more efficient to use noncapturing groups whenever the text matched by a group does not need to be referenced later .
Another reason to use a noncapturing group here is to allow you to keep using the same replacement string as in the previous examples .
If we added a capturing group , we ’d have to change $ 1 to $ 2 ( and so on ) in the replacement text shown earlier in this recipe .
The full addition to this version of the regex is ( ?:\+?1[-. ]? ) ? .
The “ 1 ” in this pattern is preceded by an optional plus sign , and optionally followed by one of three separators ( hyphen , dot , or space ) .
The entire , added noncapturing group is also optional , but since the “ 1 ” is required within the group , the preceding plus sign and separator are not allowed if there is no leading “ 1 ” .
Allow seven - digit phone numbers
To allow matching phone numbers that omit the local area code , enclose the first group of digits together with its surrounding parentheses and following separator in an optional , noncapturing group :
^(?:\(? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) \ ) ?[-. ]? ) ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] {3 } ) [-. ] ? ( [ 0 - 9 ] { 4 } ) $
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
Since the area code is no longer required as part of the match , simply replacing any match with ( $ 1 ) $ 2 - $ 3 might now result in something like ( ) 123-4567 , with an empty set of parentheses .
To work around this , add code outside the regex that checks whether group 1 matched any text , and adjust the replacement text accordingly .
See Also
Recipe 4.3 shows how to validate international phone numbers .
The North American Numbering Plan ( NANP ) is the telephone numbering plan for the United States and its territories , Canada , Bermuda , and 16 Caribbean nations .
More information is available at http://www.nanpa.com.
Validate International Phone Numbers
Problem
You want to validate international phone numbers .
The numbers should start with a plus sign , followed by the country code and national number .
Solution
Regular expression
^\+ ( ?:[ 0 - 9 ] ? ) { 6,14}[0-9 ] $
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
JavaScript
function validate ( phone ) { var regex = /^\+(?:[ 0 - 9 ] ? ) { 6,14}[0-9 ] $ / ; if ( regex.test ( phone ) ) { //
Valid international phone number } else { //
Invalid international phone number } }
Other programming languages
See Recipe 3.5 for help implementing this regular expression with other programming languages .
Discussion
The rules and conventions used to print international phone numbers vary significantly around the world , so it ’s hard to provide meaningful validation for an international phone number unless you adopt a strict format .
Fortunately , there is a simple , industry - standard notation specified by ITU - T E.123 .
This notation requires that international phone numbers include a leading plus sign ( known as the international prefix symbol ) , and allows only spaces to separate groups of digits .
Although the tilde character ( ~ ) can appear within a phone number to indicate the existence of an additional dial tone , it has been excluded from this regular expression since it is merely a procedural element ( in other words , it is not actually dialed ) and is infrequently used .
Thanks to the international phone numbering plan ( ITU - T E.164 ) , phone numbers cannot contain more than 15 digits .
The shortest international phone numbers in use contain seven digits .
With all of this in mind , let ’s look at the regular expression again after breaking it into its pieces .
Because this version is written using free - spacing style , the literal space character has been replaced with \x20 :
^ # Assert position at the beginning of the string .
\+ #
Match a literal " + " character .
(? : # Group but do n't capture ... [ 0 - 9 ]
# Match a digit .
\x20 # Match a space character ... ? # Between zero and one time . ) #
End the noncapturing group .
{ 6,14} # Repeat the preceding group between 6 and 14 times . [ 0 - 9 ] # Match a digit .
$ # Assert position at the end of the string .
Regex options : Free - spacing
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
The ^ and $ anchors at the edges of the regular expression ensure that it matches the whole subject text .
The noncapturing group — enclosed with ( ?:⋯ ) — matches a single digit , followed by an optional space character .
Repeating this grouping with the interval quantifier { 6,14} enforces the rules for the minimum and maximum number of digits , while allowing space separators to appear anywhere within the number .
The second instance of the character class [ 0 - 9 ] completes the rule for the number of digits ( bumping it up from between 6 and 14 digits to between 7 and 15 ) , and ensures that the phone number does not end with a space .
Variations
Validate international phone numbers in EPP format
^\ +[0 - 9 ] {1,3}\.[0-9 ]
{4,14} (?:x.+ ) ? $
Regex options : None
Regex flavors : . NET , Java , JavaScript , PCRE , Perl , Python , Ruby
This regular expression follows the international phone number notation specified by the Extensible Provisioning Protocol ( EPP ) .
EPP is a relatively recent protocol ( finalized in 2004 ) , designed for communication between domain name registries and registrars .
It is used by a growing number of domain name registries , including .com , .info , .net , .org , and .us .
The significance of this is that EPP - style international phone numbers are increasingly used and recognized , and therefore provide a good alternative format for storing ( and validating ) international phone numbers .
EPP - style phone numbers use the format +CCC.
NNNNNNNNNNxEEEE , where C is the 1 –3 digit country code , N is up to 14 digits , and E is the ( optional ) extension .
The leading plus sign and the dot following the country code are required .
The literal “ x ” character is required only if an extension is provided .
See Also
Recipe 4.2 provides more options for validating North American phone numbers .
ITU - T Recommendation E.123 ( “ Notation for national and international telephone numbers , e-mail addresses and Web addresses ” ) can be downloaded here : http://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-E.123.
ITU - T Recommendation E.164
( “ The international public telecommunication numbering plan ” ) can be downloaded at http://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-E.164.
National numbering plans can be downloaded at http://www.itu.int/ITU-T/inr/nnp.
RFC 4933 defines the syntax and semantics of EPP contact identifiers , including international phone numbers .
You can download RFC 4933 at http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4933.
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Does John Kerry have good reason to be so optimistic about a climate bill ?
The Washington Post reports that he ’s getting strong signals that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wants a bill ASAP , indicating that senators might be closer to a deal on climate and energy than many people around Washington have assumed .
Kerry indicated to reporters Tuesday that an energy package is still atop Reid ’s agenda for the year .
And in a statement to the Post , Kerry said that Reid is “ deadly serious about making progress this year on climate and energy reform . ”
Reid met with Kerry on Tuesday after a he huddled with Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) to discuss the anticipated measure .
“ Senator Reid made it clear to me the other day that he wants a bill and he wants it soon , ” Kerry said .
“ I ca n’t give you an exact timeline , but we are working very very diligently with our colleagues and all of the stakeholders to think this through carefully and get this done right , and get it done in a way that can pass the Senate . ”
Finance Chair Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) has been less enthusiastic about moving on a bill this year , saying earlier this week that he does n’t think it stands much of a chance of going anywhere .
His committee has jurisdiction over some key elements of the bill , like permit allocation and any revenues it may bring in .
Sources close to the climate debate at environmental and energy industry lobbying groups indicate that they , too , are getting positive signals that the Kerry , Graham , and Lieberman are getting close to a deal .
Kerry indicated that they ’ve close to agreement on key elements like a nuclear energy title , but the outstanding issue remains what kind of mechanism they will use to price carbon .
Barack Obama ’s appeal to industry leaders to support a cap also seems to have revived hopes that something will move forward soon .
So we might well see the fruits of Kerry , Graham , and Lieberman ’s efforts some time soon .
Apple said Tuesday that sales of its upcoming iPad device will follow a model similar to that of the iPhone during its onset , with availability limited to the company 's direct sales channels and select other retail locations that receive Apple assistance .
Tim Cook , Apple 's chief operating officer , spoke at the Goldman Sachs annual tech conference in San Francisco Tuesday afternoon .
He said the iPad will launch in retail , online education and other direct sales from Apple , but will also include the company 's assisted sales from partners like Best Buy .
The announcement suggests AT&T stores could also offer iPad sales , though Cook did not specifically mention Apple 's wireless partner in the U.S. Overseas , Apple 's premium resellers will also offer the iPad at brick - and - mortar locations .
" Initially it will be around places with really great assisted sales , " Cook said .
" Over time it will expand . "
The Apple executive also revealed that he has personally had an iPad for about six months , and he believes that many consumers will find it hard to purchase a netbook when they experience Apple 's new product for the first time .
" The experience is just absolutely incredible , " he said .
" And so we 're obviously very excited about this thing and can't wait to start shipping it . "
Cook also said he's not particularly concerned about the prospect of the iPad cannibalizing other Apple products , such as iPod touch or Mac sales .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
The proposed Ares - 1 rocket is being cancelled by Mr Obama President Barack Obama has cancelled the American project designed to take humans back to the Moon .
The Constellation programme envisaged new rockets and a new crewship called Orion to put astronauts on the lunar surface by 2020 .
But in his 2011 budget request issued on Monday , Mr Obama said the project was too costly , " behind schedule , and lacking in innovation " .
US space agency Nasa has already spent $ 9bn ( £ 5.6 bn ) on the programme .
The president said Constellation was draining resources from other US space agency activities .
He plans instead to turn to the private sector for launch services .
" While we 're cancelling Constellation , we 're not cancelling our ambitions , " said Jim Kohlenberger , chief of staff at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) .
" This is n't a step backwards .
I think the step backwards was trying to recreate the Moon landings of 40 years ago using largely yesterday 's technology , instead of game - changing new technology that can take us further , faster and more affordably into space . "
The decision to cancel Constellation was immediately condemned by Congressional figures who represent workforces dependent on the programme .
The Moon project was initiated by President George W Bush in the wake of the 2003 Columbia shuttle accident , which saw seven astronauts lose their lives when their vehicle broke up on re-entry to the Earth 's atmosphere .
The idea was to retire the spaceplane and replace it with a new ship and new rockets capable of sending humans beyond low - Earth orbit ( LEO ) .
But critics claimed the programme was never properly funded , and when it ran into technical difficulties its time schedule also began to slip .
In addition to the $ 9bn spent on the programme to date , Nasa will have to spend a further $ 2.5 bn to close it completely .
Direction change
The president 's budget request plans an investment of an additional $ 6bn in Nasa over the next five years - an overall $ 100 bn commitment to the agency ( its budget for 2011 would be $ 19bn ) .
NASA 2011 BUDGET REQUEST
Adds an extra $ 6bn to Nasa 's budget over five years Terminates George Bush 's Constellation Moon programme
Asks commercial launch firms to play a bigger role in future Extends the life of the space station beyond 2016 Provides more money for robotic Solar System exploration Funding for probes to the Moon , Mars and the Sun Aims to accelerate the introduction of Earth observation satellites Money to rebuild the Orbiting Carbon Observatory lost in 2009
Failure hits Nasa's ' CO2 hunter ' Reaction from across the web
He wants some of the extra funding ( $ 500 m in 2011 ) to be used to incentivise private companies , to help them bring forward a new generation of launch systems to carry humans to and from space .
As well as being a customer for these rockets and capsules , Nasa would also set and oversee standards , especially in matters of crew safety .
The hope is that the competition seeded by the agency would open up new markets for space activity .
" Nasa will accelerate and enhance its support for the commercial spaceflight industry to make travel to low - Earth orbit and beyond more accessible and more affordable , " said Nasa chief Charlie Bolden .
" Imagine enabling hundreds , even thousands of people to visit or live in low - Earth orbit , while Nasa firmly focuses its gaze on the cosmic horizon beyond Earth . "
To go beyond LEO , Nasa will implement a research and development programme to support future heavy - lift rocket systems .
This programme would include work on the development of new types of propulsion , and new exploration strategies .
Very big rockets might not be needed if spacecraft could be fuelled in orbit
One concept under consideration is the idea of having fuel depots in space .
These could conceivably reduce the size of the largest rockets needed for big missions by sending the propellant for those ventures into orbit in smaller , more manageable batches - rather than on one heavy - lift vehicle .
But Nasa would have to develop the in - orbit technologies required to store cryogenic liquids and transfer them from one spacecraft to another , perhaps robotically .
Mr Obama wants to allocate almost $ 14bn on a new R&D exploration programme over the next five years .
In addition , Monday 's funding boost will enable America to extend the operation of the ISS from 2015 to at least 2020 .
Congressional opposition
The changes fit broadly with ideas put forward by a special panel convened last year by Mr Obama to review US human spaceflight options .
The Orion spaceship was a key part of the Constellation programme
The Augustine committee argued strongly in favour of giving the commercial sector a greater role in the nation 's space programme .
The panel members thought such an approach could reduce costs and even speed up the adoption of new technologies .
Mr Obama is expected to have a battle to get his changes to Nasa 's mission pushed through Congress .
Politicians from Alabama , Florida and Texas - the states that have most involvement in Constellation - have vowed to fight the cancellation .
" Congress cannot and will not sit back and watch the reckless abandonment of sound principles , a proven track record , a steady path to success , and the destruction of our human spaceflight programme , " said Richard Shelby , a Republican senator from Alabama .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the many kinds of machines that we have never made before is a cocktail robot .
But recently , after being invited to participate in Barbot 2010 , we put together this little drink mixer .
Cocktail robots are a funny breed .
No two seem to work the same way and many ( like ours ) have few enough moving parts to barely count as robots at all .
The granddaddy cocktail robotics event is Roboexotica ( for which you can read about last years robots here ) , but we ’re showing off our machine tonight and tomorrow night , much closer to home at the DNA lounge in San Francisco .
Our machine is named “ Drink Making Unit . ” ( Descriptive , is n’t it ? )
It has three fluid paths , and can produce cocktails with up to three components .
It has an integrated 8×8 RGB LED matrix that it uses for data display , and an ice bucket to chill drinks as they go through the system .
How * do * you build a drink - mixing robot ?
We spent a remarkably long period of time looking for true food - safe valves and pumps to use for this project .
The “ standard ” way to do this is to use solenoid - controlled valves , or sometimes compressed - air powered valves , but the solenoid valves are notoriously unreliable and we are n’t planning to keep compressed air ( or CO2 ) around .
The other obviously safe way to transport liquid in a known food - safe environment is to use a peristaltic pump .
These are great , but we felt a little silly either making our own from scratch or paying about $ 100 each for commercial units that barely move milliliters per minute .
We also looked at various diaphragm pumps , aquarium pumps , and so on , but mostly came up with products that were either expensive or of questionable construction for use with food , or gave completely uncontrolled throughput volume .
Finally , after making some progress on a design consisting in part of ketchup bottles and servo motors , we came across an unexpected solution while browsing eBay for other pump types : breast pumps .
If there ’s one consumer group that I can expect to be more picky than me when it comes to food safety it ’s new mothers , so these pumps– designed to move food grade fluids without contamination– are n’t actually a crazy thing to consider .
They are cleanable , do n’t use much power , and are inexpensive .
Amazon sells a pair of these “ Evenflo Comfort Select Performance ” units for $ 45 .
( Try as I might , I could not find a three - pack anywhere . )
These pumps are designed to run off of 4.5 V from three AAA cells , up to about 350 mA each .
There ’s a mechanical on - off switch and a suction control on each .
Here ’s what they look like inside :
The suction control engages or releases a small pressure relief valve .
The device is basically mechanical , running from that single motor .
Of course , this means that it ’s easy enough to add our own power control , and 5 V ( switched through a PNP transistor ) is perfectly adequate to run the pump .
The fluid handling is done external to this unit , and relies on gravity and relatively low fluid volume to avoid drawing liquid into the diaphragm pump mechanism– liquids stay in the clear plastic “ cup ” of the unit until expelled through a flexible silicone valve .
For input into the pump , we measured the cup size and determined that size 5.5 stoppers were the right ones .
Stoppers are available pre-drilled , and we cut some carefully - sized stainless steel tubing to adapt to them .
From there , Tygon “ food and beverage ” tubing goes down to carafes filled with our fluids .
These pumps are not designed to lift liquids over a large vertical distance , so we constructed a platform on which to support the carafes at a more comfortable height .
The silicone rubber valves at the bottoms of the pumps normally are fitted into baby bottles .
We did n’t need the bottles , but rather funnels .
We constructed some appropriately shaped funnels by cutting the stems of disposable plastic champagne glasses .
The three funnels below the pumps direct their fluids into this translucent trough , which is our ice bucket .
At the lower right hand of the ice bucket , there is a hole drilled , where the contents can drip into a fourth cut - off champagne glass funnel , into a larger piece of Tygon tubing that becomes the spout where you put your glass .
Finally , the controller is based on a modified Meggy Jr RGB .
In place of a speaker and the two right buttons , it now has three PNP transistors that control the three pumps .
The 8×8 RGB display scrolls out “ DRINK MAKING UNIT , ” or other messages as needed .
For its maiden voyage ( resisting the urge to use the word virgin , here ) , we configured the Drink - Making Unit to construct white russians .
Here is how it looks ready for action , with the fluids loaded into their carafes and ice loaded into the bucket :
After we push the button , the pump pulls the cream up the the tube from the carafe and squirts it out the valve below .
( It ’s nice and creepy looking . )
The cream lands on the ice , and then runs through the hole in the ice bucket to the champagne glass funnel below .
From the funnel , to the tube , to the glass :
And repeat for the Kahlua and vodka .
Again , we ’ll be showing off our little Rube Goldberg drink mixer at Barbot 2010 and we invite you to stop by and try it out for yourself– hope to see you there .
You may also want to check out this youtube videothat we made while trying out the Drink Making Unit , so that you too can experience the process of having your drink made by a silly and inefficient cocktail robot . :)
Click the image for Molly 's NEW fan page !
To Order Molly The Owl Book by Eric Blehm illustrated by Chris Adams or Molly & McGee Coffee Table Book by Carlos Royal go to :
www.mollytheowlbooks.com
Carlos and Donna have set up an Official Molly Merchandise site :
www.cafepress.com/mollytheowl
Molly 's Story on DVD is now available !
Go to : www.austin4media.com
Molly 's Box Blog
http://mollysbox.wordpress.com/
Copyright Notice : The Owl Box , The Owl Box 2 , Molly The Owl , Molly The Most Famous Owl in the World plus all content is copyrighted by Carlos and Donna Royal : that includes all audio , video , written material and photographs .
No redistribution or commercial use of any kind without written permission .
Screen shots are copyrighted material because they are in effect a photo / digital photo of copyrighted material .
Advisory : This is a live feed of a Wild Barn Owl and family .
Owls are carnivores .
They hunt , kill and consume small rodents and other small animals .
This is nature and contains scenes of the cycle of life which may occur at any time without warning .
We do not control the weather or what happen in this owl box .
It is Nature and our policy is to let Nature take its course .
Download Molly Song ** at http://www.mollytheowlbooks.com/
** Lyrics http://mollysbox.wordpress.com/blog/
The World 's Most Famous Barn Owls
The Owl Box is located in San Marcos , CA .
Barn
Owls are about 14 to 16 inches tall .
Incubation takes 30 to 34 days .
Owlets hatch in order laid .
Molly and McGee have successfully fledged 10 owlets .
The male has a white chest and face , while the female is more camouflaged and rufous in color with spots ..
The male usually shows up after dark .
We have named the female Molly and the male McGee .
The Barn Owl is widespread and can be found in most parts of the world .
They are mostly nocturnal and rarely observed in flight during daylight hours but light does not hurt , harm or bother barn owls .
They are often seen looking out during daylight hours on bright sunny days .
The Owl Box is located on a 15 foot pole next to a mimosa tree just outside the entrance but rarely do the owls or the owlets land in the tree .
They seem to prefer structures like tall poles , old buildings or fan palm trees .
It took two years for an owl showed up in our owl box but owls can show up almost immediately .
No other birds have tried to nest in the owl box .
We have a very eco-friendly backyard ; we live on an acre lot with lots of trees and plants for wildlife .
We have had kestrels , bluebirds , hummingbirds , phoebes , wild ducks , killdeer , and mockingbirds all nest and raise their young in our habitat .
We do not have any cats or dogs to disturb the wildlife .
We have identified 58 different birds in our backyard .
Owl Facts :
Female : 13 to 16 inches tall .
Wingspan 43 inches
Male : 12 to 15 inches tall .
Wingspan 42 inches
The Owl Box is 15X24X22 inches Tall
Camera Information
Logitech Orbit AF
Logitech Pro 9000
Agama V- 1325 R
For videos of Molly visit :
http://www.youtube.com/sircarlosr/
For outside photos of The Owl Box , Molly and McGee
http://www.theowlbox.blogspot.com/
Sign up for tweets and follow us .
http://www.twitter.com/mollyowl/
For Information On San Diego Real Estate contact Wesley Royal :
www.wesleyroyal.com
Submitted by loki on Tue , 05/04/2010 - 19:48
Welcome and thank you for coming by to find out more about the OpenLuna project .
We invite you to join ( click here ) the OpenLuna Foundation or donate ( click here ) to the project .
Membership is normally $ 50 annually , but you can support our newly formed launch team at a promotional rate of $ 25 .
And the senior and student rates are available at the normal membership registration .
Your support is greatly appreciated and will help take OpenLuna project where no opensource program has gone before .
Mission 1 " Names in Space " has been combined with the launch team .
What is OpenLuna ?
The OpenLuna Foundation 's mission is to extend humanity ’s reach into space .
OpenLuna is embarking on a systematic program of robotic missions combined with extensive public relations , educational , and outreach campaigns .
Following the robotic missions , a short series of crewed missions will take place , culminating in the construction of a six to ten person , self - sustaining outpost on the lunar surface .
The outpost will be made available for public use .
OpenLuna is part of the rapidly growing new - space industry ; companies lead by innovative entrepreneurs and supported by technical staff inspired by NASA , fueled by the information age and communicating on the worldwide web .
New - space is one of the few growing industries in the current economy .
OpenLuna is a public outreach , privately funded ( sponsors , members , entertainment revenue ) program .
Membership means having an active participation in this exciting industry for everyone .
The program has varied membership levels to accommodate wide participation .
If you can be a part of the next manned mission to space , why would you not ?
Click here to join .
Our research and technology are open - source allowing / requiring widespread interest , enthusiam and involvement for the education and enrichment of all .
Strong media presence is critical for furthering the educational potential of the mission and providing publicity for sponsors .
Mission hardware will be light weight and geared toward continuity to reduce costs and increase reliability .
Open source means that all scientific data gathered will be freely available .
An educational public access website will be designed to compile data for training and to in - spire future generations to pursue STEAM sub - jects at all ages .
Acceptance of outside research proposals and collaborative projects are encouraged .
A 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) privately funded organization with no dependency on government funds .
Image credit Kelley Designs
OpenLuna Mission and other technical content by , and hosted on OpenLuna.org is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License .
A couple in Wilsonville , Oregon had their home broken into while they were sleeping only to find out that both of their Motorola Droid Android Phones and other valuable electronics had been stolen .
The thief must not have known the rightful owner had installed an Android Application called Lookout because soon after he began taking pictures of himself with one of the Droid cameras .
The application performs a backup service at midnight every night and the self - portrait pictures of the robber were uploaded to the web as part of the service .
GOTCHYA !
The suspect was a 15 - year old male who police believe had been scoping out the victim ’s house for quite some time .
They also believe there is at least one accomplice since the pictures were taken by a third ( or second ? ) party .
Pictures from the phone , only some of which are displayed below , were used to identify the suspect .
A local television news station ran with the story and you can watch the video here .
While they show the Droid in all its Android glory and briefly picture the MyLookout web interface , they do n’t go into depth on either .
Because the thieving boy was only 15 - years old they would not disclose whether or not he was a jealous iPhone fanboy trying to secretly indulge in his love for Android .
[ Thanks John ! ]
In order to view this feature , you must download the latest version of flash player here
Mark Grimmette , a doubles luge athlete for the United States Olympic team , describes how to steer the sled going 90 miles per hour .
By MIKA GRÖNDAHL , GRAHAM ROBERTS , BEDEL SAGET and JOE WARD / The New York Times ;
Source : USA Luge
That is the worst tire ( Goodyear ) Iâve ever been on in my life in any professional form of racing .
It doesnât take long if you do your homework and look at when they exited Formula One , the IRL , CART , the Outlaws , you name it -- they have exited out because they canât compete and they canât keep up .
They donât have the technology and the people that are smart enough to build a tire .
This was pathetic today .
To race like we raced today .
Iâm really proud of our team , proud of Home Depot and really proud of the guys on our pit crew with great pit stops today .
It is just a shame that the teams work so hard and spend so much money to compete and then it is all dictated by a tire company that is building tires that arenât worthy of a street car .
The first thing Iâm doing when I get home is dismounting anything that has got Goodyearâs on it and putting Firestone or something else on it so I feel a lot safer .
-- March 2008 - NASCAR Sprint Cup Driver Tony Stewart furious after a race at Atlanta
A small news item from Tracy , Calif. , caught my eye last week .
Local station CBS 13 reported : “ Tracy residents will now have to pay every time they call 911 for a medical emergency .
But there are a couple of options .
Residents can pay a $ 48 voluntary fee for the year , which allows them to call 911 as many times as necessary .
Or there ’s the option of not signing up for the annual fee .
Instead they will be charged $ 300 if they make a call for help . ”
Welcome to the lean years .
Yes , sir , we ’ve just had our 70 fat years in America , thanks to the Greatest Generation and the bounty of freedom and prosperity they built for us .
And in these past 70 years , leadership  whether of the country , a university , a company , a state , a charity , or a township  has largely been about giving things away , building things from scratch , lowering taxes or making grants .
But now it feels as if we are entering a new era , “ where the great task of government and of leadership is going to be about taking things away from people , ” said the Johns Hopkins University foreign policy expert Michael Mandelbaum .
Indeed , to lead now is to trim , to fire or to downsize services , programs or personnel .
We ’ve gone from the age of government handouts to the age of citizen givebacks , from the age of companions fly free to the age of paying for each bag .
by
Google Earth for Android phone available on the Android Market and Androlib
Android User eagerly awaited the release of the Google Earth app for the Android phone .
( When will google earth be available on Android ?? ? )
For exploring the world from the Android smartphone in your hand , flying around the planet , view the same 3D imagery which is available in the desktop version .
Use the searching by voice for cities , places , and businesses function , etc .
Screenshots
Package name : com.google.earth
Images and download the free Droid app from Androlib
hint via XDA - Developers
via AndroidCommunity
update 2/22/2010 : Your Android phone must be rooted
( A video guide to rooting your DROID !
EASY PEASY !)
FAQ
Has this website been hacked ?
No .
Update : Goldman
Sachs says this rumor is " speculative nonsense . "
The rumor at the World Economic Forum at Davos is that Lloyd Blankfein will get $ 100 million this year .
“ This is Lloyd thumbing his nose at Obama , " a banker at one of Goldman ’s rivals told The Times .
Goldman does n't report the exact pay of their top executives until the end of this month , but there is good reason to believe the $ 100 million number is accurate .
In 2007 , Blankfein got a $ 67.9 million bonus .
In 2009 , Goldman 's profits topped 2007 's by $ 1.8 billion .
Continue reading at The Times .
Squatters Take on the Creative Class Who Has the Right to Shape the City ?
Hamburg has been trying to woo the much - coveted " creative class " for years in a bid to secure its future .
Now the city has become the front line in a bitter conflict over gentrification , with artists squatting buildings in protest against investment plans and members of the far - left scene attacking private property -- and even police .
Bloomberg BusinessWeek is out with a piece on Florida ’s misadventures in real estate .
Apparently Eaton Vance is dumping Florida municipal bonds tied to real estate deals at $ .26 on the dollar .
Still no need to mark down any of those bank assets , of course .
The underlying assets will bounce back , we keep hearing .
Well , Moody ’s says the Florida RE market might not recover until the 2030s .
Thomas Metzold , Eaton Vance Corp .’s co-head of municipals , sold all his defaulted bonds of Tison ’s Landing , an unfinished housing development in Jacksonville , Florida , as the debt fell to a third of face value last year .
Dumping the so - called dirt bonds at a discount was a better bet , the Boston - based Metzold said , than taking over 218 empty acres ( 88 hectares ) from the project ’s builder and waiting for a real - estate rebound that may not come until the early 2030s , according to a Moody ’s Economy.com forecast .
The BW piece is full of good quotes and info , and I do recommend reading the whole thing .
Here ’s another snippet :
‘ It ’s the single biggest default wave in the history of municipal bonds , ’ said Richard Lehmann , the newsletter ’s publisher , who defines default as failing to pay debt service or tapping reserves to do so .
‘ There are about 78 more districts with $ 2.7 billion of bonds on our watch list that are likely to go into default this year . ’
Source : Bloomberg BusinessWeek ( which I ’m quite impressed with lately ) .
Shakira the Serval kitten finds puppy love in her adoptive home ... with a pack of Rhodesian Ridgebacks
Peeking out from among these puppies this tiny kitten may look a little out of her depth but in fact she is right at home .
Shakira , the five month - old Serval cat , was welcomed into this unlikely clan after she was rejected by her mother from a local zoo near Munich , Germany .
Serval kitten Shakira and her adoptive brothers and sisters , 11 Rhodesian Ridgeback puppies
' Shakira came to us when she was just 14 days old , ' says animal carer Roland Adam .
' A friend of mine contacted me from a local zoo and told me how Shakira 's mother had not produced enough milk for her litter and her other brothers and sisters had died .
' When I heard this I decided to take her in . '
Acting as a surrogate mother , Mr Adam spent two hours each day feeding the tiny kitten who only weighed 1000 grams .
Shakira clambers all over her new mother , Katjinga , who accepted the tiny kitten as her own straight away
After six weeks of care and attention , Shakira became strong enough to be introduced to her new family - a pack of Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs .
Bearing 11 cubs in July of this year , mother Katijnga accepted the spotted cat into the clan straight away .
' I wanted to provide Shakira with some animals that could be a substitute for her own brothers and sisters and for her mum , ' says Mr Adam , 53 .
Shakira plays happily with her new brothers and sisters
' It turned out that Shakira was integrated immediately into this dog family .
She plays hide and seek , catch and even play fights with the dogs .
' When they tire from playing with each other , the cubs lie down together . '
And it looks as though Shakira is happy with her new mother too .
' You see a strong bond between Shakira and her foster mom , ' says Mr Adam .
' When they play , Shakira did not even for a moment push out her claws - it is a loving family . '
Serval cats are native to the grasslands of Africa .
Weighing an average of 40 pounds they can grow 24 inches in height and up to 36 inches in length .
Despite being wild cats , the Serval cat has been kept as a pet by Europeans for hundreds of years .
William Hasson hanged himself after attacking his partner .
He told her that he'd been planning the murder bid for some time
A Coleraine man hanged himself last January after stabbing and beating his partner for three hours in what coroner John Lecky yesterday described as " most horrifying account " he had ever heard .
The inquest into the suicide of William Martin Hasson ( 41 ) heard that he attacked Ruth McGrath with two knives — slicing her liver and bowel — as their terrified seven - year - old daughter listened in the next room .
The clerk of Coleraine Coroner ’s Court broke down in tears after delivering the harrowing depositions related to the case .
Mother - of - three Ms McGrath said she only escaped with her life because she pretended to be dead .
She told the court that her 10 - year relationship with the deceased , who had broken her nose previously , had “ deteriorated ” and that he was only living in their home at Glenwood Avenue in the town for the sake of their daughter Kyla .
She described him as “ possessive ” and “ depressive ” and that she believed he had been abusive to other partners in the past but that she “ defended herself ” .
Ms McGrath said she had gone to bed in the early hours of January 10 in 2009 as kitchen fitter Hasson drank cider and smoked cannabis .
She woke to the bedroom door being opened and the light coming on .
In deposition , she said : “ He came at me with a knife in his hand and pulled the quilt back .
I shouted at him and he pulled the knife out .
He said ‘ you drove me to this ’ . ”
Then came a horrifying three - hour ordeal in which she was stabbed with a kitchen knife and a decorative blade , punched , kicked , had a pillow placed over her face and had her head slammed off furniture .
In between it all , Hasson stopped to smoke cigarettes and went to talk to his daughter in the next room .
He also texted her friend , blaming her for the attack , and went through Ms McGrath ’s text messages as she slipped in and out of consciousness and pleaded “ let me die with dignity ” .
She added : “ He told me that none of us was getting out of the bedroom alive he told me he had been planning it .
He said he was n’t doing time for me . ”
During one pause in the attack when Hasson lay on the bed and comforted her , Ms McGrath asked : “ How can you say you love me when you are trying to take me away from Kyla ? ”
She described how , towards the end of the attack , she was bringing up blood and saw Hasson standing over her with a rope around his neck .
“ He was going to kill me , then himself .
I thought the only way I was going to survive was to pretend I was dying or dead .
I could see him standing over me , I was afraid to move .
“ When I opened my eyes , I saw Willie hanging . ”
Ms McGrath said she then took a barricade off the door and went to sit on the sofa and rang police .
The brave mum was in the Causeway Hospital for four weeks before being transferred to the Mater in Belfast .
Her bowel and liver were pierced and her gall bladder was removed .
Police witnesses described arriving at the house at 4.40 am to find Ms McGrath wrapped in a stained duvet and Hasson hanging from a hatch in the bedroom , above a bed splattered with blood .
John Lecky told the court : “ In all my time as coroner , this is the most horrifying account I have ever heard .
It ’s what you expect from a video nasty — this is real life . ”
He praised the emergency services for their dealings with the case and said it “ must be one of the worst incidences of domestic violence in Northern Ireland ” .
He ruled that Hasson , described as “ mildly intoxicated ” , had died by his own act while the balance of his mind was disturbed .
He said that Hasson — who police say was not known to them on any domestic violence matters — had intended to kill his partner and then himself .
Mr Lecky also passed his best wishes on to Kyla and her mother for their continuing recovery , adding : “ I ca n’t help but think that if ( Ms McGrath ) had not found her way downstairs , she may not be here today . ”
‘ I never thought he ’d go this far ; he was a coward ’
Ruth McGrath , who played dead to escape her violent partner , has told how she is trying to rebuild her life .
She described William Martin Hasson as “ a coward ” but maintains that despite her injuries and trauma her life must go on .
She said she never thought the man she met at a Christmas party a decade ago would ever go so far as to try to kill her .
Ruth , who also has sons aged 21 and 23 , said both her and her daughter have received extensive counselling following their ordeal .
“ I did not know at the time but she heard everything , she was aware and he went in to her to tell her to lie there and be quiet , ” she said .
“ She misses him , she loves him , he was her daddy , it is very confusing for her .
She goes through different stages .
“ I wonder how the wee girl gets on with it , she is a normal eight - year - old girl .
“ She sees his family and it is up to her .
After what happened , I want her to have as normal a life as possible . ”
Addressing women — or men — who may find themselves in a similar situation , she said : “ I kept him in the house because it was Christmas , I was being nice .
My attitude now would be — get him out .
“ He had planned it , it was pre-meditated , it was n’t spontaneous .
I never thought he would go this far .
He was a coward , that ’s why he attacked me in the bed , I was n’t scared of him .
He did n’t attack me for years but he was violent with other women .
He was only there for my child .
“ There were a few occasions when I thought he was going to finish me off , he said “ I ’m not going to jail for you ” .
She added : “ I ’ve as full a life as I can have and I will lead my life the way I want to .
I have internal problems but I wo n’t let them stop me .
“ I hope to get back to work , and be a good mum to my children . ”
Aaron McGrath ( 21 ) who was living in the house at the time of the attack and was woken at a friend ’s house by police responding to his mother ’s distress call , said that seeing what Hasson had done to his mother was “ pure hell ” but added : “ We just want to get back to normal . ”
Belfast Telegraph
Front page photo by Ariele Hertzoff
You know him as the excitable little bald guy from " Arrested Development " , " Mr. Show " , and virtually every indie- comedian special ever conceived by man .
Pretty soon , funny motherfucker David Cross will release his third comedy album ( and second DVD ) for Sub Pop .
Bigger and Blackerer , which was taped at Boston 's Wilbur Theatre , drops on May 25 .
There 's some crossover between the CD and DVD , but each one contains material that is n't on the other .
On April 10 , the filmed portion will air as a TV special on the cable network Epix .
We 've got the tracklist for the CD below .
Bigger and Blackerer :
01 Opening Song ( The Sultan 's Revenge )
02 If You Care
03 That One Show About Drugs and Stuff
04 Me and Drugs
05 Black Stuff
06 … Or Worse
07 Where We Are Now Back in Sept. '09
08 Silly Religious Crazies
09 REALLY Silly Religious Crazies .
I Mean , Double , Triple Crazy !!
10 Random Goofabouts
11 I Ca n't Get Beer in Me …
12 Lesson Learned
Back to post / website .
View / add comments for this article .
Air Conditioning cartoon by Stuart McMillen , February 2010 .
When did we become so soft ?
When did we decide to be the same temperature at all time all throughout the year ?
When did we stop looking forward to the heat of a summer day ?
or the crisp air of a winter night ?
When did weather fluctuations become unwelcome annoyances ... ... instead of celebrated arrivals ?
Stay in your cocoons if you want ... ... I 'd rather feel alive .
Call of Duty 7 and DJ Hero 2 are both due out in October , according to a leaked GAME Xbox 360 release schedule obtained by VG247 .
The schedule also lists Crysis 2 and Metal Gear Solid : Rising for 24th September , Brink and Guitar Hero 6 for September , and Fallout : New Vegas , The Witcher : Rise of the White Wolf and James Bond Racing for October .
Interestingly , there 's also mention of " Yoga Natal " for October from Tradewest , which could be an indicator of Project Natal 's release target .
In the meantime , the schedule says we 'll get to play Activision 's Raven Software - developed shooter Singularity on 28th June .
We 're contacting the various publishers mentioned to get some reaction to the dates , most of which we imagine will take the form of " we do not comment on rumour and speculation " .
We 'll let you know how we do !
Update : EA has said it can't comment on the Crysis 2 date at the moment .
Update # 2 : Konami has gotten back to us about Rising : " No release date has been confirmed for Metal Gear Solid : Rising as of yet . "
Update # 3 : And here 's Activision : " We can not comment on rumour or speculation . "
PARIS -- French authorities said Thursday that they have arrested and deported an Egyptian imam described as " a radical Islamist " and suspected of having issued calls to violence .
The move comes just a few weeks after French President Nicolas Sarkozy urged France 's Muslims to practice their faith with " humble discretion . "
The move also is ...
Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , mounted stiff resistance tonight to any swift bailout of Greece , as a rift opened up between European capitals over how best to tackle the risks posed to the euro .
Despite a show of Franco - German unity on the crisis and the first statement from EU leaders pledging to safeguard the currency 's stability , hopes on the markets of a German - led rescue plan to shore up Greece 's critical public finances were dashed by Merkel , who repeatedly emphasised that Athens would need to put its own house in order and brushed aside all questions of financial support .
" Germany is stepping totally on the brakes on financial assistance , " said a senior EU diplomat .
" On legal grounds , on constitutional grounds and on principle . "
Another senior diplomat said of the Germans : " They 're not waving their chequebooks . "
An EU summit of 27 government chiefs in Brussels was the first opportunity to tackle the Greek crisis and also send a strong message to the financial markets , which have been betting against the euro for the last week .
Following talks between the Greek prime minister , George Papandreou , Merkel , President Nicolas Sarkozy of France , and Jose Manuel Barroso and Herman Van Rompuy , the European commission and European council presidents , the leaders issued a statement aimed at restoring calm and voicing political support for Papandreou 's programme of swingeing budget cuts and structural reforms .
The statement said the 16 EU countries who use the single currency , including Greece , " will take determined and co-ordinated action , if needed , to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . "
That was seen as a strong political signal to speculators that the big euro economies such as Germany and France would act persuasively to restore confidence in the currency .
But there were no promises of funds for Greece and the statement emphasised that " the Greek government has not requested any financial support " .
The European currency and the eurozone 's stock markets gave a lukewarm reception to the outcome of the summit .
The euro lost 1 % against the dollar to $ 1.360 , while the Dow Jones Stoxx 50 Index lost 0.7 % .
The major French , German , Spanish and Italian indexes fell by between 0.5 % and 1.6 % .
" This is little more than a sticking plaster at this stage , " said Neil Williams , fixed income chief economist at Hermes Asset Management .
" What is needed is a credible programme to help all the dominoes , not just one , and this takes time . "
Merkel and Sarkozy held a joint press conference after the summit to demonstrate Franco - German unity , but that masked fundamental differences over how to proceed .
" France and Germany cannot agree on anything , " said a Brussels official .
" They are not always on the same page . "
Berlin and Paris have been at odds for the last week through several rounds of negotiations , with the French , backed by the Spanish , seeking a solution through lending to Greece .
But Germany and the European Central Bank ( ECB ) took a hard line , arguing that the bigger risk to the euro 's stability came from bailing out a profligate member state which has notched up a budget deficit of almost 13 % and a national debt of nearly € 300bn .
The split meant 16 finance ministers could not agree a common position before the summit .
" Germany cannot justify its taxpayers having to finance the lovely lives of the Greeks , " said a senior diplomat .
Rather than bailing out Athens , Berlin is insisting on rigorous policing of the Greek austerity programme by a triple force from the commission , the ECB and the International Monetary Fund , an exercise never attempted in the eurozone .
" We recognise our responsibility for the stability of the eurozone , " said ­Merkel .
" Greece is not demanding any money from us . "
The three will judge , initially in March , whether the Greek programme is being implemented " credibly , realistically and effectively " , German officials said .
Merkel said this was the best way to assuage the markets .
The parallel is with Ireland which has responded to a similar public finance crisis with savage spending cuts , public sector wage and pension cuts and restored market confidence .
Merkel 's tough stance reflects her awareness that voters could react angrily to having to contribute to a bailout at a time of tough budget discipline at home .
Berlin also argues it has scant scope for manoeuvre legally as the German constitutional court would be likely to rule , under the terms of the Maastricht Treaty setting up the single currency , that Germany cannot come to the bilateral aid of a single currency country in trouble .
The European strategy that emerged tonight was one of wait , see and hope .
The Greek government does not need to raise any money until the end of March at the earliest .
Jean - Claude Trichet , president of the ECB , complained that the Papandreou medicine was not strong enough , and he was supported by Berlin in demanding tougher action by the Greek government .
Papandreou has pledged to slash the ballooning budget deficit by 4 % this year alone .
Merkel made clear that this would be taken as the measure of success and that the commission , central bank and IMF experts would need to hold the Greek prime minister to that pledge .
Meetings of eurozone and EU finance ministers next Monday and Tuesday are to deal with the details of the European strategy , but these are more likely to focus on how to police the Greek austerity package than on bailout plans .
Inquiring minds are reading the SIGTARP Quarterly Report To Congress .
The report is a massive 224 pages long .
I will do my best to condense it down to the critical highlights involving Fraud , Money Laundering , Insider Trading , etc .
Let 's start with the SIGTARP mission , then the findings .
Mission
SIGTARP ’s mission is to advance economic stability by promoting the efficiency and effectiveness of TARP management , through transparency , through coordinated oversight , and through robust enforcement against those , whether inside or outside of Government , who waste , steal or abuse TARP funds .
On the positive side , there are clear signs that aspects of the financial system are far more stable than they were at the height of the crisis in the fall of 2008 .
Many large banks have once again been able to raise funds in the capital markets , and some institutions — including some that appeared to be on the verge of collapse — have recovered sufficiently to repay their TARP investments years earlier than most would have predicted .
These repayments and the sales of the warrants associated with them have meant that Treasury ( and thus the taxpayer ) has turned a profit on some of the individual TARP investments ; as a result of these repayments , among other positive developments , it now appears that the ultimate cost of TARP to the American taxpayer , while still substantial , might be significantly less than initially estimated .
Mish
Many of TARP ’s stated goals , however , have simply not been met .
Despite the fact that the explicit goal of the Capital Purchase Program ( “ CPP ” ) was to increase financing to U.S. businesses and consumers , lending continues to decrease , month after month , and the TARP program designed specifically to address small - business lending — announced in March 2009 — has still not been implemented by Treasury .
Notwithstanding the fact that preserving homeownership and promoting jobs were explicit purposes of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 ( “ EESA ” ) , the statute that created TARP , nearly 16 months later , home foreclosures remain at record levels , the TARP foreclosure prevention program has only permanently modified a small fraction of eligible mortgages , and unemployment is the highest it has been in a generation .
Whether these goals can effectively be met through existing TARP programs is very much an open question at this time .
Mish
The substantial costs of TARP — in money , moral hazard effects on the market , and government credibility — will have been for naught if we do nothing to correct the fundamental problems in our financial system and end up in a similar or even greater crisis in two , or five , or ten years ’ time .
It is hard to see how any of the fundamental problems in the system have been addressed to date .
• To the extent that huge , interconnected , “ too big to fail ” institutions contributed to the crisis , those institutions are now even larger , in part because of the substantial subsidies provided by TARP and other bailout programs .
• To the extent that institutions were previously incentivized to take reckless risks through a “ heads , I win ; tails , the Government will bail me out ” mentality , the market is more convinced than ever that the Government will step in as necessary to save systemically significant institutions .
This perception was reinforced when TARP was extended until October 3 , 2010 , thus permitting Treasury to maintain a war chest of potential rescue funding at the same time that banks that have shown questionable ability to return to profitability ( and in some cases are posting multi- billion - dollar losses ) are exiting TARP programs .
• To the extent that large institutions ’ risky behavior resulted from the desire to justify ever - greater bonuses — and indeed , the race appears to be on for TARP recipients to exit the program in order to avoid its pay restrictions — the current bonus season demonstrates that although there have been some improvements in the form that bonus compensation takes for some executives , there has been little fundamental change in the excessive compensation culture on Wall Street .
• To the extent that the crisis was fueled by a “ bubble ” in the housing market , the Federal Government ’s concerted efforts to support home prices — as discussed more fully in Section 3 of this report — risk re-inflating that bubble in light of the Government ’s effective takeover of the housing market through purchases and guarantees , either direct or implicit , of nearly all of the residential mortgage market .
Mish
SIGTARP ’s audit , which was issued on November 17 , 2009 , found , among other things , that the terms of the original FRBNY financing did not result from independent analysis , but were simply an adoption of the term sheet from an aborted private financing discussion , and those terms , which included an onerous effective interest rate of 11 % , made modification of the terms and further Government action inevitable .
The audit also found that , in structuring Maiden Lane III , FRBNY attempted to obtain concessions , or “ haircuts ” from the CDS counterparties — and one counterparty was prepared to take a modest haircut — but the FRBNY ’s negotiating strategy was hampered by a series of policy decisions that severely limited its ability to obtain concessions , including its decision not to accept concessions unless concessions could be obtained from all of the counterparties , its refusal to use its leverage as regulator to some of the institutions involved , and its basic discomfort with interfering with the sanctity of the counterparties ’ contractual rights .
These policy choices led directly to a negotiating strategy with the counterparties that even then - FRBNY President Geithner acknowledged had little likelihood of success .
The audit further noted that although Mr. Geithner has denied that his intent was to benefit the counterparties , the overall structure of the AIG bailout resulted in AIG ’s counterparties receiving tens of billions of dollars they likely would not have otherwise received had AIG gone into bankruptcy .
Mish
SIGTARP ’s Investigations Division has continued to develop into a sophisticated white - collar investigative agency .
Through December 31 , 2009 , SIGTARP has opened 86 and has 77 ongoing criminal and civil investigations .
These investigations include complex issues concerning suspected TARP fraud , accounting fraud , securities fraud , insider trading , bank fraud , mortgage fraud , mortgage servicer misconduct , fraudulent advance - fee schemes , public corruption , false statements , obstruction of justice , money laundering , and tax - related investigations .
While the majority of SIGTARP ’s investigative activity remains confidential , developments in several of SIGTARP ’s investigations have become public over the past quarter as discussed more fully in Section 1 of this report .
A substantial number of SIGTARP ’s ongoing investigations were developed in whole or in part through tips or leads provided on SIGTARP ’s Hotline ( 877 - SIG - 2009 or accessible at www.SIGTARP.gov).
From its inception through December 31 , 2009 , the SIGTARP Hotline received and analyzed nearly 9,900 contacts , running the gamut from expressions of concern over the economy to serious allegations of fraud .
Mish
Section 5 also provides an update on the issue of imposing conflict - of - interest walls in PPIP , including a discussion of a series of suspect trades that has already occurred within one of the Public - Private Investment Funds ( “ PPIFs ” ) in which a portfolio manager directed the sale of a security from a non-PPIF fund under his management to a dealer after the security had been downgraded and then , minutes later , purchased from that dealer the same security at a slightly higher price for the PPIF .
SIGTARP is reviewing these trades .
The fact that these kinds of issues could arise in the first instance is the direct result of Treasury ’s refusal to require information barriers or walls in PPIP , and in an environment in which large portions of the public already view the fairness of Government programs with skepticism , whether fairly or unfairly , the reputational risk associated with this review is a wholly unnecessary cost .
Mish
Contrary to the January 7 , 2010 , assertion by Treasury that the taxpayer “ will be made whole ” because the FRBNY loan to Maiden Lane III is on track to being repaid in full , it is clear that any assessment of the costs to the Government and the taxpayer necessarily must look beyond FRBNY ’s loan to Maiden Lane III to also take into account both the funds that FRBNY previously loaned to AIG and the subsequent TARP investments .
All of these infusions to AIG are linked inextricably : more than half the total amounts paid to counterparties in connection with the CDS portfolio retired through Maiden Lane III did not come about through the Maiden Lane III CDO purchases , but rather from AIG ’s earlier collateral postings that were made possible in part by the original FRBNY loan , which was , in turn , paid down with TARP funds .
Because of this linkage , the ultimate costs to the Government and the taxpayer cannot be measured in isolation .
Stated another way , regardless of whether FRBNY is made whole on its loan to Maiden Lane III , the ultimate value or cost to the taxpayer cannot be calculated until the likelihood of AIG repaying all of its assistance can be more readily determined .
Treasury ’s recent suggestion to the contrary is , at best , incomplete .
Mish
SIGTARP ’s audit also noted that the now familiar argument from Government officials about the dire consequences of basic transparency , as advocated by the Federal Reserve in connection with Maiden Lane III , once again simply does not withstand scrutiny .
Federal Reserve officials initially refused to disclose the identities of the counterparties or the details of the payments , warning that disclosure of the names would undermine AIG ’s stability , the privacy and business interests of the counterparties , and the stability of the markets .
After public and Congressional
pressure , AIG disclosed the identities of its counterparties , including its eight largest : Société Générale , Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Merrill Lynch , Deutsche Bank AG , UBS , Calyon Corporate and Investment Banking ( a subsidiary of Crèdit Agricole S.A. ) , Barclays PLC , and Bank of America .
Notwithstanding the Federal Reserve ’s warnings , the sky did not fall ; there is no indication that AIG ’s disclosure undermined the stability of AIG or the market or damaged legitimate interests of the counterparties .
Mish
The audit also noted that the CPP investments in two insurance companies highlight an incongruity in the CPP program design .
Hartford and Lincoln were able to obtain CPP funds by buying small thrift savings institutions and becoming thrift / savings and loan holding companies , thereby meeting the technical criteria for receipt of CPP funds .
The amount of CPP funds provided , however , was then determined by the assets of the holding company ( i.e. , the parent insurance company ) , not just the assets of the much smaller qualifying thrifts .
In the case of Lincoln , for example , the company was able to obtain $ 950 million in TARP funds after it acquired a thrift that , on its own , would have been able to obtain at most $ 350,000 ( if it would have qualified for CPP funding at all ) .
Moreover , in using TARP funds , there was no requirement that TARP funding be used in connection with the subsidiary thrifts ’ activities .
As it happened , the insurance companies reported that they used little ( in the case of Hartford ) or no ( in the case of Lincoln ) TARP funds in connection with the subsidiary thrifts ’ activities but rather used the vast bulk of the funds to support their insurance businesses .
Stated another way , simply by purchasing comparatively tiny thrifts , Hartford and Lincoln — companies whose primary businesses ( unlike other CPP participants ) have little to do with lending to consumers and businesses — gained access to more than $ 4.3 billion in taxpayer funds , an amount that is many multiples of the thrifts ’ total assets .
Mish
On October 22 , 2009 , the Special Master , who was appointed without the advice and consent of the Senate , made determinations concerning executive compensation within AIG , Bank of America , Chrysler Financial , Chrysler , Citigroup , GM , and GMAC .
Following the issuance of the Special Master ’s determination , Michael W. McConnell , formerly a judge on the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit , authored an essay entitled “ The Pay Czar Is Unconstitutional ” that was published in the Wall Street Journal on October 29 , 2009 .
In his essay , Judge McConnell concluded that “ [ b ] ecause he is not a properly appointed officer of the United States , Mr. Feinberg ’s executive compensation decisions were unconstitutional . ”
Mish
Planned Expenditures Outstanding
Mish
TARP Tutorial : How Taxpayers Lose TARP Money When Banks Fail
The creation of TARP elevated the taxpayers ’ exposure to bank failures by making them direct investors in more than 700 institutions — generally as preferred shareholders .
The recent bankruptcies of CIT , UCBH , and Pacific Coast National Bancorp , all TARP recipients through CPP , are tangible examples of the risk that failing CPP banks pose to the U.S. taxpayer .
It is impossible to predict how many additional banks will succumb over the next
several years .
According to the FDI C website , however , the number of institutions on its “ Problem List ” is at a 16 - year high .
As of September 30 , 2009 , there were 552 insured institutions on the list , the largest number of problem institutions since the fallout from the savings and loan ( “ S&L ” ) crisis resulted in 575 institutions being placed on the list by December 31 , 1993.91
The FDI C does not publish the names of problem banks on its website for fear that disclosing such information would cause a “ run ” on the bank ’s deposits .
As preferred shareholders , U.S. taxpayers fall in the category of shareholder in many of the Government ’s TARP investments .
If the institutions fail , the taxpayers , like the other shareholders , will typically lose their investment if there are no remaining funds after creditors have been paid .
On December 31 , 2008 , Treasury invested $ 2 billion of CPP funds in CIT , a bank holding company with various commercial finance businesses including lending to small and midsize businesses .
112 CIT , which was founded in 1908 , is a major lender to small businesses , with more than $ 60 billion in finance and leasing assets supporting more than one million borrowers .
On November 1 , 2009 , CIT filed Chapter 11 Bankruptcy .
Its depository institution ,
CIT Bank , however , did not file bankruptcy .
December 10 , 2009 , CIT ’s shares and
warrants were extinguished , and former holders of preferred shares received contingent value rights ( “ CVR s ” ) .
Theoretically , CVR s place Treasury in a position to recoup part of its investment in CIT .
If , in the future , the senior and junior debt holders are paid back 100 % , then any residuals would go to the CVR holders .
At this time , it is unlikely that there will be any residual to pay Treasury for its preferred stock investment ; in its TARP Financial Statements , Treasury listed the value of its CIT investment as zero .
Making Home Affordable Program
The Making Home Affordable ( “ MHA ” ) program was introduced by the Administration on February 18 , 2009 , as a collection of three major initiatives : a loan modification program , a loan refinancing program , and additional support for reduced mortgage interest rates .
TARP funds are primarily dedicated to one initiative within MHA , the Home Affordable Modification Program ( “ HAMP ” ) .
According to Treasury , HAMP is a $ 75 billion program that will lower monthly mortgage payments for homeowners by providing loan modification incentive payments to the servicers and loan holders ( lenders or investors — referred to as investors in this section ) and by protecting against further loss of collateral value .
In addition , the MHA program now includes foreclosure alternatives for those not able to complete a HAMP modification .
Of the $ 75 billion reserved for HAMP , $ 50 billion will be funded through TARP and will be used to modify private - label mortgages .
Beyond the TARP support , the additional $ 25 billion in HAMP funding is provided under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 ( “ HERA ” ) and will be used to modify mortgages that are owned or guaranteed by the Federal National Mortgage Association ( “ Fannie Mae ” ) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( “ Freddie Mac ” ) , two of the Government - sponsored enterprises ( “ GSEs ” ) .
Mish
According to Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Donald L. Kohn , the Federal
Reserve ’s announced purchases of GSE - guaranteed MBS , GSE debt , and Treasury
securities “ were successful in reducing long - term interest rates ” and “ increased the
availability of mortgages to households . ”
Mish
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Norway laid out ways to reach one of the world ’s toughest climate goals on Wednesday with measures to clean up sectors from oil to transport that it said would trim just 0.25 percent from the economy by 2020 .
A windmill stands next to the ocean in Utsira , a North Sea island of just 6 square kilometres ( 2.3 square miles ) and home to 210 people who already get most of their power from two onshore windmills , in this photo taken April 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Wojciech Moskwa
The “ Climate Cure , ” outlined by state - run agencies to guide deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions , said costs would range up to 1,100 to 1,500 crowns ( $ 188 - $ 256 ) per tonne of avoided carbon dioxide emissions .
That is way above a current price of about 13 euros ( $ 17.85 ) per tonne in the European Union market .
Even so , one main scenario in the 300 - page report projected only a 0.25 percent cut in the projected size of the oil - dependent economy by 2020 .
“ It means we ’d be as rich by Easter in 2020 than we would otherwise be at Christmas ” in 2019 , Environment Minister Erik Solheim said of the small cut .
The impact on growth would be modest partly because penalties for emitting carbon would bring in tax revenues that could boost growth in cleaner sectors .
The report also assumed technological advances that would spur the economy .
“ Let ’s start with the measures that are cheapest and simplest , ” Solheim said of the report , which will help design legislation for fighting climate change .
Using different assumptions , the U.N. panel of climate scientists projected in a 2007 report that tough measures to combat global warming could cost 3 percent of world economic growth by 2030 .
Norway has set a unilateral goal of cutting emissions by 30 percent by 2020 from 1990 levels , and by 40 percent if other nations sign up for deep cuts as part of a new U.N. treaty to slow desertification , heatwaves , flooding and rising sea levels .
The targets are among the toughest in the world .
CARBON CAPTURE
The report assessed measures such as capturing and storing greenhouse gas emissions from oil and gas installations , biofuels , more electric cars and energy efficiency in buildings .
Among cost - effective measures were building cycle paths in cities to discourage car use .
Norway wants at least two - thirds of its cuts to be achieved domestically , rather than by a cheaper option of buying quotas on foreign markets or by investing abroad , for instance by protecting the Amazon rainforests or building wind farms .
Emissions have grown to 54 million tonnes from about 50 million in 1990 .
The report examined ways to cut between 15 and 17 million tonnes a year by 2020 , including three million absorbed by pine forests .
Norway has no real economic problem in buying quotas if it wants -- it has a fund totaling $ 450 billion invested in foreign stocks and bonds built up from oil and gas revenues .
Deep cuts in Norway are likely to be more costly than in many other nations , Ellen Hambro , head of the Climate and Pollution Agency , told Reuters .
“ We do n’t have coal - fired power plants to close , ” she said .
Almost all of Norway ’s electricity comes from clean hydropower .
( Editing by Janet Lawrence )
Would you agree that the LGBT community in the U.S. is now in better shape than they were in the 1970s ?
There is no denying that gay rights still has a long way to go , but I think we can agree that tremendous progress has been made .
Do you suspect that there were people both inside and outside the early days of the movement who thought that the activists should tone it down , be more respectful to mainstream culture , and the like ?
Good thing the activists did n't listen to these critics !
It is often said that secular activism ( or the atheist movement , if you prefer ) is now where the gay rights movement was in the early 1970s .
I 'm not sure I agree with this .
I see us as being closer to where they were in the 1950s , but I digress .
That is not what I want to talk about here .
Instead , I want us to consider the frequent criticism leveled at vocal atheists and secular activists because I 'm not sure we should put too much stock in it either .
As I have repeatedly suggested here , we atheists can learn volumes from the struggles of the LGBT movement and other successful civil rights movements .
One of those lessons is that this sort of criticism is expected , from within and without , and we can not let it detract from the task at hand .
Atheist activists are going to be told to tone it down by all sorts of people .
I think we can listen to these suggestions , critically examine the evidence with which we are presented about what works , and be prepared to stand our ground if that evidence is lacking .
That is , I do think we should be open and flexible enough to adopt the most effective tactics ; however , I think it would be a mistake to cave into criticism without evidence or let concerns about politeness stop us from speaking up .
To those who keep insisting that we'd be more persuasive if only we were nicer , more respectful of religious delusion , and would just keep our damn mouths shut , I 'm not playing your game .
I will take a look at any evidence you 'd care to present that your approach is superior to the one that has been far more effective for other activist groups .
I just have n't seen anything like that yet .
And so , I am more inclined to go with the effective models we do have from other activist movements .
Perhaps a " nicer " approach is more effective at persuading religious believers to abandon their religious beliefs and become atheists .
This would not surprise me , but that is not really what I am interested in doing .
I am focused on atheist equality and building up the wall of separation between church and state .
It is fine with me if religious believers want to maintain their religious beliefs .
My desire is to stop them from successfully imposing these beliefs on the rest of us .
I believe the path to that goal is often noisy , scary but liberating , and even confrontational at times .
After all , it is difficult to think of another activist movement that has been successful without these attributes .
This is an updated and expanded version of a post that first appeared on Atheist Revolution in 2010 .
Fresh off a recent skirmish over " Buy American , " some Canadian cabinet ministers are expressing confidence that a new protectionist push from some U.S. politicians wo n't succeed .
A group of 28 members of the House of Representatives last week unveiled a bill calling for U.S. President Barack Obama to give Canada and Mexico six months notice that it will pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
The push is being led by Representative Gene Taylor , a Mississippi Democrat , and has the backing of both Republicans and other Democrats .
The politicians blame NAFTA for contributing to job losses in the U.S .
On Tuesday , some Canadian cabinet ministers expressed doubts the bill will get far .
" Our evaluation is that this is certainly inconsistent with the direction that the Barack Obama administration has chosen , " International Trade Minister Peter Van Loan told reporters on Parliament Hill .
" In the state of the union address , the president made clear his commitment to try and grow the American economy through trade , " he said .
Van Loan said NAFTA was important for job growth and development both in Canada and in the United States , " and as such we ’re optimistic that [ the bill ] will not come to pass . "
" We 're always worried about protectionist tendencies , " said Finance Minister Jim Flaherty .
Canada recently avoided a trade issue with the U.S. government when it worked out a deal on the so - called " Buy American " provisions contained in the U.S. stimulus package .
" Certainly our success in getting the Buy American deal penned ... is a demonstration of the Obama administration ’s commitment to freer trade , so we anticipate we ’ll continue to work hand - in - hand with them to deal with any threats of rising protectionism . "
Federal limits on water that can be pumped out of a major river delta for California farmers are scientifically justified , a much - anticipated report said on Friday , a finding hailed by environmentalists in the state 's epic water wars .
But the National Academy of Sciences stopped short of handing a decisive victory to environmental interests over agricultural interests .
The academy said further study was required and that threats to Chinook salmon , delta smelt and other endangered fish were not entirely caused by the pumping .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
" The Academy of Sciences report clearly validates the biological opinions , " Ann Hayden , a senior water resource analyst for the Environmental Defense Fund , said of regulations devised under court order by federal wildlife biologists and issued in late 2008 .
" It 's time to stop pitting the economic interests of farmers against fishermen and move forward to find solutions , " Hayden said .
" We have pushed the Bay - Delta system to the brink of collapse and saving it -- and the jobs that depend on it -- is going to require increased cooperation among all interests . "
A spokesman for the California Farm Bureau Federation said the report showed the need for " better justification of water restrictions " and that there were flaws in the Endangered Species Act .
Article continues : http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE62I49Z20100319
LONDON ( AP ) —
A parliamentary panel investigating allegations that scientists at one of the world ’s leading climate research centers misrepresented data related to global warming announced Wednesday that it had found no evidence to support that charge .
But the panel , the Science and Technology Committee of the British House of Commons , did fault scientists at the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit and its director , Prof .
Phil Jones , for the way they handled freedom of information requests from skeptics challenging the evidence of climate change .
The panel said that Professor Jones and his colleagues could have saved themselves a great deal of trouble by aggressively publishing all their data instead of worrying about how to stonewall their critics .
The lawmakers ’ inquiry is the first of three to be opened in Britain since the dissemination in November of e-mail messages and data between the scientists that were apparently hacked from a computer system .
Chemists at Oregon State University have discovered and synthesized a new compound that in laboratory and animal tests appears to be similar to , but may have advantages over one of the most important antidepressant medications in the world .
A patent has been applied for on the compound , and findings on it published in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry .
Continued animal studies and eventually , human clinical trials will be necessary before the compound could be approved for human medical use , researchers say .
" Based on our results so far , this promises to be one of the most effective antidepressants yet developed , " said James White , a professor emeritus of chemistry at OSU .
" It may have efficacy similar to some important drugs being used now , but with fewer side effects . "
Early antidepressants such as tricyclic antidepressants ,
White said , often had undesirable effects such as constipation , dry mouth , drowsiness and hypotension , or low blood pressure .
They worked by helping the body to raise levels of such neurotransmitter compounds as serotonin , norepinephrine , dopamine and others .
A second generation of antidepressants , which included the drugs Prozac and Zoloft , were more selective and produced only minor side effects , but often took weeks to become effective and sometimes did n't help patients adequately .
" The prototype of the third - generation drug in this field is Cymbalta , which tries to better balance the inhibited re-uptake of serotonin and norepinephrine , further reducing side effects and offering more immediate efficacy , " White said .
" It 's been extremely popular . "
The new compound developed at OSU , however , has properties similar to Cymbalta in some ways , but in laboratory and animal studies does a better job at balancing body chemistry .
" Our compound is 10 times better than Cymbalta at inhibiting the re-uptake of norepinephine and comes close to the holy grail of a perfectly balanced antidepressant , " White said .
" It should produce even fewer side effects , such as concerns with constipation and hypotension .
Final results , of course , wo n't be known until the completion of human clinical trials . "
The OSU research has been supported by the National Institute of Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse - an agency interested in improved antidepressants ,
White said , because they are often used in treatment of alcoholism .
The work has been done in collaboration with the University of Indiana .
Nine members of the " Hutaree , " a Michigan - based militia group who describe themselves as " Christian warriors , " have been indicted on weapons and conspiracy charges after a weekend of FBI raids .
( See : " Who are the Hutaree ? " )
The arrests are provoking debate about where to draw the line between conservative activists — such as Tea Party members — and right - wing extremists who brazenly plot to use violence against the government :
You can't tar both groups with the same brush :
No matter what " our opinion leaders " think , says Tom Smith at The Right Coast , there is a distinction between Americans who literally believe the " Illuminati [ is ] running the world " and voters who are n't " wild about health care . "
Even if the media fails to understand that these militia members are " looney toons , " not " tea baggers , " let 's hope the FBI does .
" Oh great "
Tea Partiers may dismiss the connection , but there 's a serious overlap : " Mainstream purveyors of incendiary far - right rhetoric " may say that " crazies " like the Hutaree do n't come from their ranks , says Eugene Robinson in the Washington Post .
But that 's debatable .
Both Tea Party protests and militia violence schemes are " incited " by the same source : " The vitriolic , anti-government hate speech that is spewed on talk radio every day . "
" The Hutaree militia and the rising risk of far - right violence "
The Hutaree are n't politically engaged activists , they 're cranks :
Take a look at the Hutaree website , says Brian Doherty at Reason.com , and examine the " intellectual and cultural milieu " of these extremists .
These people are n't political activists , they 're " angry loudmouths who 've fantasized too much . "
The courts must decide how much of a " real threat " they are ( or were ) , but it would " surprise the hell out of me " if the Hutaree gave " much of a damn " about politics .
" The Hutaree arrest and getting tough on terror from left and right "
I want the healthcare reform bill to pass .
Soldiers opened fire Thursday in the Niger capital — where explosions and long bursts of gunfire resounded across the city — in what a top French official said was an coup attempt against President Mamadou Tandja .
Witnesses said the firing appeared to be centred on the presidency .
State radio stayed silent on events , concentrating on playing traditional music as tensions erupted in the uranium - rich West African nation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Tandja , 71 , has spent more than a decade in power , having extended his term through a controversial referendum last August after dissolving parliament and the constitutional court .
Niger has since been isolated on the international stage .
It was not immediately known where Tandja was .
France urged its nationals to stay indoors .
“ We heard automatic gunfire and then large detonations .
The house was shaking .
It lasted about a half hour , non-stop , ” said Claire Deschamps , one French national living in Niamey .
She said the violence began around 1200 GMT .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There is a coup attempt ” going on , a senior French official told AFP , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ All I can say is that it would appear that Tandja is not in a good position , ” he said .
Another witness said shooting had broken out around the presidential palace .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The shots were directed at the president ’s office , ” said the witness , speaking from his workplace situated opposite the complex .
Sporadic shooting continued an hour later , an AFP correspondent who approached the palace said .
Soldiers had deployed in the area and nearby streets were deserted .
ADVERTISEMENT
The correspondent said he saw an armoured personnel carrier driven out of the palace gates before he was ordered away by a soldier .
After dissolving parliament , Tandja went on to stage parliamentary elections in October , which led the 15 - nation West African regional bloc ECOWAS to suspend Niger ’s membership .
The European Union suspended development aid and the United States imposed sanctions .
ECOWAS leaders meeting in Abuja on Tuesday urged all involved in the interim adminstration , including the military “ not to put themselves up as candidates in the next elections ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
Talks between Niger ’s government and the opposition to end the political standoff were suspended last week , having repeatedly stalled since they began on December 21 .
ECOWAS mediator Abdulsalami Abubakar is chairing the talks , aimed at collecting views on a nine - point roadmap presented to the parties in January , that proposed keeping Tandja in power during a transition period led by a “ government of national reconciliation . ”
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Erik Prince is the just - resigned CEO of Blackwater , a private military firm with $ 1 billion in contracts -- from guarding Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Afghanistan to running drone strike programs -- and an infamous reputation for the controversial killings of Iraqi civilians .
How did it get so powerful ?
The answer may lie in Prince 's other job , reported this week by Vanity Fair : CIA asset .
From Adam Ciralsky 's blockbuster story in Vanity Fair :
But the truth about Prince may be orders of magnitude stranger than fiction .
For the past six years , he appears to have led an astonishing double life .
Publicly , he has served as Blackwater 's C.E.O. and chairman .
Privately , and secretly , he has been doing the C.I.A.'s bidding , helping to craft , fund , and execute operations ranging from inserting personnel into " denied areas " -- places U.S. intelligence has trouble penetrating -- to assembling hit teams targeting al - Qaeda members and their allies .
Prince , according to sources with knowledge of his activities , has been working as a C.I.A. asset : in a word , as a spy .
While his company was busy gleaning more than $ 1.5 billion in government contracts between 2001 and 2009 - - by acting , among other things , as an overseas Praetorian guard for C.I.A. and State Department officials -- Prince became a Mr. Fix - It in the war on terror .
His access to paramilitary forces , weapons , and aircraft , and his indefatigable ambition -- the very attributes that have galvanized his critics -- also made him extremely valuable , some say , to U.S. intelligence .
This revelation could explain several long - unanswered questions about Blackwater and Prince , as well as raise new questions .
Blackwater Explained Spencer Ackerman marvels .
" [ H ] ow does a law - enforcement services company go from zero to a billion - dollar government contractor inside barely a decade ; how does it keep its contracts with the diplomatic entity of the United States government after its operatives kill 17 unarmed foreign civilians ; how does it perform counterterrorism - support operations of the highest sensitivity ; how does it hire and affiliate with top - flight CIA talent like Cofer Black , Buzzy Krongard , Rob Richer - Oh . Erik Prince is a CIA asset . "
Who Set Up CIA With Prince ?
Politico's Laura Rozen wonders .
" And who sanctified the alleged relationship ?
Worth considering that the CIA executive director appointed by Porter Goss in 2004 , Kyle Dusty Foggo , is now serving a prison term for throwing CIA contracts to his friend contractor Brent Wilkes .
Among the contracts he tried to throw Wilkes ?
One for covert air operations . "
' Ultimate Deniability ' For CIA Preeminent Blackwater expert Jeremy Scahill of the Nation tweets , " Prince confirms what I have long said :
He did a bunch of CIA work free on spec-- ultimate deniability : rich fundamentalist w private army .
Prince confirms what my military intel source says : Blackwater works w Special Forces to locate ' targets . '
Harrison Ford should publicly reject Erik Prince attempt to compare self to Indiana Jones .
Sir , you are no Indy . "
Why 's Prince Burning CIA ?
Marcy
Wheeler writes , " " She adds , " he 's revealing only those details purportedly contracted via CIA ( though , again , the Ghadiyah operation involved Special Forces ) .
He 's not revealing what he 's been doing with JSOC .
And he 's sure as hell not describing what he 's been doing for the Pakistani government . "
CIA / Blackwater in Germany and Iran ?
The Atlantic 's Marc Ambinder muses .
" According to Prince , the Blackwater team traveled to Germany , surveilled Al Qaeda financier Mamoun Darkazanli , and prepared to assassinate him .
The CIA did not inform its own station chief that the team was in the country , and they did not inform the host country .
What Prince describes is a serious violation of NATO intelligence sharing arrangements , " he writes .
" As recently as two months ago , Prince and a team were overseeing intelligence missions in one of the Axis of Evil countries -- Iran , probably -- from a location inside the United States . "
CIA Assassination Program Mother Jones 's Daniel Schulman reminds us that the program Prince says he helped the CIA with was , according to the CIA itself , never operational .
" If this account is correct , it raises a host of questions .
Among them is whether CIA director Leon Panetta , who reportedly shut down the program immediately after learning of it and promplty briefed Congress , misinformed lawmkers about the nature of this effort , its targets , and just how operational it actually was .
If , as Prince claims , he helped tee up a target for special forces to take out , then the agency 's assertions that the assassination program never got off the ground are simply untrue . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Based on the interest in my post about estimates of entrepreneurial job creation , I would like to explain how I calculate these numbers .
My analysis is debatable , but I will outline the assumptions behind my figures so you can decide for yourself .
There are four key assumptions to calculate the job creation numbers : ( 1 ) the amount of money it takes to motivate someone to begin the entrepreneurial process , ( 2 ) the percentage of people that begin the entrepreneurial process who create a business , ( 3 ) the percentage of newly created businesses that employ anyone ( employer firms ) , and ( 4 ) the number of employees in the average new employer firm .
Assumption No. 1
Surveys of entrepreneurs consistently reveal that the biggest deterrent to starting a company is lack of capital ; and natural experiments in which people receive random financial windfalls from lottery winnings show that an unexpected capital infusion encourages people to start businesses .
So , to get people to start the entrepreneurial process , we need to overcome their lack of capital .
A representative survey of new business start - up efforts in the United States indicates that the typical ( median ) entrepreneur needs $ 15,000 to pursue a new business idea and can provide $ 6,000 .
Therefore , we need to give the typical person $ 9,000 to overcome this capital gap so he or she can start a business .
Assumption No. 2
The same survey shows that about one - third of people who begin the process end up with an “ up - and - running ” business within six years .
Assumption No. 3
About one in five new businesses has employees .
The survey indicated that 18.5 percent of the entrepreneurial efforts tracked had filed for state unemployment insurance and 19.2 percent had filed for Federal Insurance Contributions
Act taxes , two indicators that a business is an employer firm .
These percentages are consistent with United States Census data , which indicate that , at a point in time , only 24 percent of businesses are employer firms .
( Because employer firms are more likely than nonemployer firms to survive over time , one should have a slightly higher percentage of surviving firms that are employer firms . )
Assumption No. 4
Data from the Small Business Administration ’s
Web site reveal that the average number of employees in a new employer firm is 5.6 .
( This is lower than the estimate that comes from the data on the Business Dynamics statistics Web site of the Census Department , which indicate that the average number of employees in a new establishment is 6.51 .
New establishments , however , do n’t include only new firms ; they also include new locations of existing businesses , like the addition of a new fast - food outlet .
Moreover , the Bureau of Labor Statistics ’ estimate of the average number of employees per new establishment was 4.3 in the third quarter of 2008 , putting the S.B.A. new employer firm number right in the middle of the two figures for new establishments . )
Creating an Employer Firm
Multiplying the percentage of people who start the entrepreneurial process and create a viable business by the percentage of new businesses that file for unemployment insurance or F.I.C.A. , we find that it takes 15.8 to 16.4 people who begin the start - up process to get one new employer firm .
This estimate is similar to that of Paul Reynolds , the lead researcher on the study that generated these data , who says “ it may take 15 active nascent entrepreneurs to generate one firm with employees . ”
Cost Per Job
Multiplying the 5.6 employees in the average new employer firm by the average of the percentage of businesses that have filed for unemployment insurance and F.I.C.A. ( 18.9 ) and the percentage of start - up efforts that become businesses ( 33 ) , we get an estimate of 0.35 jobs created per person who begins the start - up process .
At a cost of $ 9,000 to encourage a person to begin the start - up process , we get a cost of $ 25,603 per job through efforts to encourage people to become entrepreneurs .
The S.B.A. ’s estimate of 5.6 employees per new employer firm is higher than the estimate of 4.6 employees per new employer firm reported by the Kauffman Firm Survey .
If we use that number of employees per new employer firm , we would get a cost per job of $ 31,169 .
Returning to Prerecession Employment Levels
The United States economy is currently down 8.8 million jobs from the number necessary to have the prerecession rate of employment , given estimates of the number of jobs lost and job creation necessary to keep up with population growth ( based on the Economic Policy Institute ’s methodology for calculating these numbers ) .
If we multiply the cost per job by the number of jobs we need , we get an estimate of $ 225.3 billion to get us back to prerecession employment levels by encouraging people to become entrepreneurs .
My estimates could be wrong .
But I think that $ 225.3 billion is closer to the true cost of getting us back to prerecession employment levels by encouraging entrepreneurship than the $ 3.1 billion ( or $ 3.3 billion if we include the June job loss numbers ) that comes from other estimates .
Scott A. Shane is a professor of entrepreneurial studies at Case Western .
Senator John McCain sees no problem with his former running - mate ’s advice that Republicans should “ reload ” and “ aim for ” Democrats in next fall ’s elections .
Sarah Palin ’s use of gun imagery in addressing her followers on Twitter and Facebook has been criticized as potentially inciting threats of violence , like those which are already being directed towards Democratic members of Congress who voted for health care reform .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Considering these threats , these concerns that we ’ve been hearing about regarding violence , do you now recommend that your party use less incendiary language ? ” NBC ’s Ann Curry asked McCain on Thursday .
“ I have seen the rhetoric of ‘ targeted districts ’ as long as I ’ve been in politics , ” McCain responded , chuckling .
“ To say that there ’s a targeted district or that we ‘ reload ’ or ‘ got back into the fight again . ’
Please . ”
“ Those are not my words , ” Curry interrupted .
“ Those are her words . ”
“ Those are fine , ” McCain reaffirmed , smiling broadly .
“ They ’re used all the time . ”
“ With all due respect , ” Curry insisted , “ given , however , the sensitivity regarding this particular bill , should this still be the language of this day ? …
These are very dangerous times . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The language that we should be using today is the language that we are using , ” McCain repeated .
“ We condemn violence . …
To somehow say that someone ’s in a battleground state is somehow offensive — simply , I ’m sorry . ”
Curry had previously asked McCain , “ Do you see a connection between the statements that have been made , the angry statements that we ’ve heard from Republicans on the Hill … as encouraging the violence that we ’ve seen , those who desperately oppose this health care reform law ? ”
“ I ’ve been involved in heated discussions and debates on the floor , ” McCain acknowledged , but he appeared to deny that the Republicans ’ rhetoric was whipping up the outrage of their supporters .
“ I ’ll tell you one thing that has people enraged , ” he suggested , “ and that ’s the sleazy backroom deals , the sausage - making that is going on . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It sounds like you ’re rejecting any connection , that there is any fanning of the flames , ” Curry noted .
“ And if that is true , then what is your message this morning to anyone who participated in that violence and who might be contemplating more violence ? ”
“ I condemn it , ” McCain replied .
“ We should be translating that into voter registration and preparing for the next election . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from NBC ’s Today Show , broadcast March 25 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Is Stranger in a Stranger Land by Robert Heinlein the Catcher in the Rye for the science - fiction set ?
Yes , I think you could say that about the 1962 Hugo winner in one important sense .
Advertisement
When author J.D. Salinger died this past Wednesday , I must confess it was convenient for me ( if not for him ) , because it got people talking about his most famous novel .
The Catcher in the Rye occupies an interesting position in the literary landscape :
It 's inarguably a classic , and inarguably a popular classic at that — a book that a lot of people have not only heard of but read , and that has touched them on a real emotional level .
But for all that , it 's also a book many of those same people are sort of embarrassed of .
Catcher in the Rye is famous as a book that means so much when you read it as a young person — your mileage may vary , of course , but that 's what it 's famous as , nonetheless .
It 's full of confusion and anger and easily bruised cynicism , and other adolescent emotions , and climaxes in a kind of sublime but immature optimism .
It 's a story that carries you away — or has carried many of us away , anyway — when you 're somewhere between , say , 15 and 20 , but leaves you feeling a little foolish the older you get , especially because of the tendency among allegedly cooler , smarter people to dismiss it or scorn it .
Advertisement
Stranger in a Strange Land does not trade in the same kind of emotional content — it 's a much more detached book , except right at the end — but I think it suffers from the same kind of treatment as Catcher .
At least , when it came up last weekend while I was out with some of the io9 powers that be , they were mild groans all around , and admissions that while , yes , it was certainly an important part of the canon , well , still .
And that was certainly not the first time I 've encountered such a reaction to it .
For the record , I do n't want to give the impression that anyone from io9 said anything derogatory about the book , because they did n't — there was just some eye - rolling .
Which I get .
For one thing , it 's Heinlein , and even his most die - hard fans ought to agree that he 's earned his share of eye rolls .
And for another thing , Stranger really is a hokey book .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In case anyone reading this has n't read it , the story goes as follows :
The first manned mission to Mars , consisting of four heterosexual couples , radios back that it has arrived on the planet and then is never heard from again .
Years later , the second manned mission to Mars discovers that the fourth planet is inhabited by a native species , that two members of the first mission had a child before dying , and that the odd , inscrutable Martians have raised the kid as one of their own .
The astronauts bring the young man , Valentine Michael Smith , back to Earth , where his presence shakes things up , to say the least .
The first problem is that the world government wants to control him because he 's the heir to an unearthly fortune .
The bigger issue is that Michael 's Martian heritage has given him a very different outlook on life from most of humanity 's , as well as some godlike abilities .
Advertisement
Martians think differently than we do , in large part because they live much longer and because they do n't really die — they just lose their bodies and evolve into what they call Old Ones .
The upshot of this is that they 're not in a hurry , and so instead of deciding anything quickly , they think about it long and carefully and from every possible angle — they grok it , to use their word .
To get an idea of the impact Stranger in a Strange Land and Heinlein had , consider that " grok " is listed in most modern dictionaries , from the OED to Webster's .
( By comparison , " orc " still is n't in my Webster 's 11th Collegiate , despite having been coined and popularized a quarter century earlier . )
But it was not so much the idea of grokking that resonated with readers as what it leads to in the story .
As Michael teaches his Earthling friends to grok and to think like Martians , their human patterns of thought fall away , freeing them from shame and guilt and jealousy and repression .
Naturally , this leads to nudism and group sex .
Advertisement
And because it 's Heinlein , the group sex is warm and touchy - feely , but ultimately just as heterosexist and chauvinistic as a Penthouse Forum letter .
Beyond that concern , there 's the fact that successfully applying Michael 's philosophies seems absolutely unrealistic outside of the world of fiction .
It 's easy to gloss over these problems with the book , though , especially if you 're young and reading it for the first time , because so much of the setup and philosophy is not just appealing but logical , if highly idealized , in the abstract .
It 's only upon a more critical reexamination that one sees that gosh , maybe the stuff that sounded so wise and deep is n't so pat ; maybe it 's so overly simplified as to be a little ridiculous .
And I think that it 's the feeling of having been taken in so hard , and then finding out that what you thought was brilliant might be kinda silly , that leaves people rolling their eyes at and dismissive of Stranger in a Strange Land .
Or just the fact of all the SF that came along later that grapples with sexuality and morality in a much more complex way .
Advertisement
Likewise , there are plenty of works out there that deal with much more sophisticated issues than The Catcher in the Rye does .
And we have this tendency to rank works that are more complex or more sophisticated as better than those that are simpler .
I get why — if it works , a more complex piece of art by definition took more skill to pull off than a simpler piece .
But if we stop and grok it , that 's not a judgment about the merits of the pieces of art — it 's a judgment about the ability of the artist .
A more complicated piece of art is n't better than a simpler piece ; rather , it was created by a better * artist — maybe even the same artist who created the simpler piece , at an earlier time .
Advertisement
The other reason to avoid classifying more complex works of art as " better " is that " better " is a relative term , dependent on the audience .
For a lot of people , it makes much more sense to start with Stranger in a Strange Land 's broad handling of , say , polyamory than to dive into Samuel R. Delany 's Dhalgren ; when you 're coming to grips with new ideas , you do n't want nuance so much as explication .
More to the point , it 's difficult to imagine works like Dhalgren and the headier , more provocative SF that came later ever getting published at all without a more accessible book like Stranger to break ground for them .
Advertisement
Finally , I 'd argue that Stranger in a Strange Land is actually a very solid novel in its own right , enough so that it does n't deserve qualifications like " good — for what it is , " or " groundbreaking — for its time . "
After all , it will be a long time before its fundamental ideas are n't groundbreaking for and would n't be useful to much of the Earth 's population .
Some other thoughts , in brief :
Interesting that Michael 's teachings would have effectively prevented the circumstances of his conception and abandonment to the Martians .
If you need to choose between reading the original book and the unabridged version published in 1991 , go with the original .
I read the 1991 version first , a little more than ten years ago , and I think it must be mostly padding , because all the big stuff I remember is in the original .
I could see Stranger as an HBO miniseries , set in a sort of weird retro future , where people have flying cars but still use film projectors and there 's no Internet .
The story starts reasonably strong , and then gets very strong , hitting its high point , in my opinion , with Michael 's big televised conference with the Secretary - General .
It drags a little after that — too much philosophizing , not enough conflict — but I could n't imagine it having been written any other way .
I was IMing with Braak
me : yeah , but what I like is that it's not the relativism that I think gets associated with Buddhism so much — " everything is OK " ; you can grok a wrongness in something .
you just have to grok it all before you know for sure .
Chris :
Right it 's just that there 's more and different things that are okay than we think there are .
And it 's the thinking that makes most things wrong , not the thing itself .
Advertisement
This is a funny book .
There 's a lot of dopey Heinleinian banter , too ( dude was like the Aaron Sorkin of his day ) , but I LOLed more times than I have yet while reading for this column .
On that note , there 's a bit that I think gives the lie to the notion — I think implicitly held by a lot of people , including myself until recently — that Heinlein was a sort of oblivious doof , 100 percent committed to the ideas he espoused in his writings , instead of just throwing them out there as fodder for discussion .
In the final pages of the book — SPOILER ALERT — Mike 's water - brothers , adhering to the Martian tradition of cannibalism as recycling , are eating his body :
Duke dipped out a little in the spoon , tasted it .
" Needs a little salt . "
" Yes , Mike always did need a little seasoning . "
Jubal took the spoon and tasted the broth .
Duke was correct ; the flavor was sweet and could have used salt .
Advertisement
Yet another reason to give Stranger in a Strange Land more credit than it gets from some quarters — it 's meant to be taken with a grain of salt .
" Blogging the Hugos " appears every other weekend .
In the next installment : The Man in the High Castle , by Philip K. Dick , from 1963 .
Advertisement
Josh Wimmer is a freelance writer in Madison , WI .
He can usually be found here .
*" Better " here being synonymous with " more skilled , " although I can see good arguments for distinguishing between the two .
Advertisement
( Thanks , Lauren , for compiling this awesome gallery of Stranger in a Strange Land covers . )
In this week ’s issue of PARADE , Elton John talks to Dotson Rader about the transition from his raucous rock - star years to becoming a committed philanthropist .
In the web exclusive below , the music legend opens up about the life - threatening downside of fame , his partner David Furnish and his take on Jesus .
Making early mistakes in love .
“ I ’d always choose someone younger .
I wanted to smother them with love .
I ’d take them around the world , try to educate them .
One after another they got a Cartier watch , a Versace outfit , maybe a sports car .
They did n’t have jobs .
They were reliant on me .
I did this repeatedly .
In six months they were bored and hated my guts because I ’d taken their lives and self - worth away .
I had n’t intended to . ”
The top 10 most outrageous photos of Elton John
Love and drugs .
“ Just about every relationship I ever had was involved with drugs .
It never works .
But I always had to be with someone , good or bad , otherwise I did n’t feel fulfilled .
I ’d lost the plot . ”
It ’s all or nothing when it comes to drugs .
“ For some people a gram of cocaine can last a month .
Not me .
I have to do the lot , and then I want more .
At the end of the day , all it led to was heartache . ”
Why fame has lost its appeal .
“ Princess Diana , Gianni Versace , John Lennon , Michael Jackson , all dead .
Two of them shot outside their houses .
None of this would have happened if they had n’t been famous .
Fame attracts lunatics .
I never had a bodyguard , ever , until Gianni died .
I do n’t like celebrity anymore . ”
From Lady Gaga to Eminem , watch Elton John ’s most surprising duets
Remembering friends lost .
“ Every time I sing ‘ The Ballad of the Boy in the Red Shoes ’ onstage , I say that this is a song written about a time when people in America started getting AIDS and your president , Ronald Reagan , did nothing about it .
I get boos .
There ’s a lot of hate in the world . ”
His take on Christianity .
“ I think Jesus was a compassionate , super - intelligent gay man who understood human problems .
On the cross , he forgave the people who crucified him .
Jesus wanted us to be loving and forgiving .
I do n’t know what makes people so cruel .
Try being a gay woman in the Middle East — you ’re as good as dead . ”
He ’ll never stop helping .
“ I set up my foundation because I wanted to make amends for the years I was a drug addict .
People with HIV are still stigmatized .
The infection rates are going up .
People are dying .
The political response is appalling .
The sadness of it , the waste . ”
Finding new relationships .
“ In 1993 I went back to my house in Windsor for a while .
I wanted meet new people so I rang up a friend in London and said , ‘ Could you please rattle some new people together for dinner here Saturday ? ' ”
An instant connection .
“ I was attracted to David immediately .
He was very well dressed , very shy .
The next night we had dinner .
After it , we consummated our relationship .
We fell in love very quickly . ”
Keeping the love alive .
“ Every Saturday for 16 years , we ’ve sent each other a card , no matter where we are in the world , to say how much we love each other . ”
Communication is key .
“ We ’ve never been jealous .
We talk about the sexual side of things , things that normally would have frightened me before . ”
Read the full interview from this week ’s issue of PARADE
It 's not like we 're going to see Joy Behar wearing a " Drill , Baby , Drill " T - shirt while field dressing a moose at a Tea Party convention or anything but at least on one issue she sides with Sarah Palin .
It just was n't necessary , Behar said , for writers of the FOX animated comedy " Family Guy " to connect a character with Down Syndrome to Palin .
" Why go there ? " she asked on " The Joy Behar Show " Friday night .
" There are so many other things to attack Sarah Palin on . "
( And Behar does ... )
Palin 's youngest son Trig is diagnosed with the condition .
On the program Sunday night , a character with Down Syndrome told a friend that " her mom is the former governor of Alaska . "
It was the only reference in the show to Palin .
But it was enough .
Anything Palin is reported on .
This was radioactive .
Palin called it a " kick in the gut . "
Daughter Bristol called the writers " heartless jerks . "
But the voice actress of the character , who has Down Syndrome , said Palin needed to lighten up .
Behar sides with Palin .
" I think that , as comedians , we have a sort of an obligation to make fun of the guys up above , not the guys down below , people who are in trouble , people in pain , " Behar said .
" What ’s the point of that ?
That ’s an easy shot .
So I agree with Sarah on this one . "
Do n't count on this flap to have much more life , however .
As opposed to the flare - up last year when President Obama said his bowling skills would qualify him for the Special Olympics , there 's too much news out there .
Tiger Woods , the Vancouver Olympics , and Mitt Romney 's newly uncovered " Vulcan grip " superpowers have taken over the news cycle .
-------------
We 'll always agree with you .
Even when we do n't .
So follow us on Twitter !
Update : I was contacted by the Tribunal , who said they had contacted DCR , who have said “ a disc is being prepared ” .
I await with bated breath .
Last month I put an FOI request in with the Department of the Taoiseach for the following :
(1) All transcripts of public sittings of the Moriarty Tribunal from its inception to the date on which this request is received .
(2) The contract for transcription services and a breakdown of fees charged for transcription services .
(3) The breakdown of fees for the maintenance and building of the Moriarty Tribunal website , and the contract for this .
Today I received the reply .
I had to read it twice to let it sink in .
Moriarty reply
I can , in some way , live with the fact that the taxpayer spent the bones of € 1 million on transcription fees since the inception of the Tribunal in 1998 .
But I can not fathom how a ) the transcripts are not available online and b ) that I have to pay ( again ) to see the transcripts of the Tribunal and c ) that Doyle Court Reports retains copyright on transcripts of public sittings of a Tribunal of Inquiry setup by the Department and paid for by the Irish people .
I called Doyle Court Reporters this morning and they were very courteous and helpful .
I asked for a quote as to how much I would have to pay for digital ( .doc ) copies of all 370 days of public sittings of the Moriarty Tribunal .
They called me back a short time later , stating that for all days the cost would be € 16,600 @ € 45 per day .
But if I was bulk buying they would be prepared to offer a discount of 25 % .
I did suggest to DCR that since the public had already paid nearly € 1 million for the transcripts , it seems a little odd that I would , as a citizen , have to fork out another € 16,600 to get copies of the transcripts .
DCR were again courteous and helpful , and suggested I speak with the Moriarty Tribunal .
I then called the Moriarty Tribunal , where I spoke with the registrar , Siobhan Hayes .
First I asked if the Tribunal had copies of all transcripts , to which the answer was yes .
Are these subject to FOI I then asked … to which she eventually replied no , and that copyright was with DCR .
I then asked why other Tribunals , such as Mahon and Morris , had published transcripts on their websites , and Moriarty ones were unavailable .
I was told that the original agreement was that copyright would stay with DCR , and that was the way it was .
I then asked for a copy of the contract or agreement between the Tribunal and DCR in relation to stenography services .
Siobhan said she would get back to me on this issue .
Of course a couple of questions arise .
First is whether the Department of the Taoiseach does hold the transcripts , but simply pointed me in the direction of Doyle Court Reporters for copies of them .
Second is how , exactly , copyright on transcripts of a public sitting of a Tribunal applies .
Third , and most importantly , is why the transcripts are unavailable for public consumption as a matter of public record .
These are historically important transcripts containing the sworn evidence of former Taoisigh including Charles Haughey and Bertie Ahern , as well as other former senior ministers , civil servants and businessmen , all in relation to extremely serious issues of public concern .
Indeed when a Tribunal is established it is invariably included in the Terms of Reference that it concerns “ definite matters of urgent public importance ” .
Yet in relation to a matter of urgent public importance , for a Tribunal that is shortly to issue its second and final report , I ca n’t see who said what in relation to anything on any given day , whatsoever .
Mad , is n’t it ?
Related post :
Morris transcript FOI
The San Diego judge in the case of two shoplifters who confessed to Dr. Phil had some unkind words for the TV personality this week when the pair were sentenced .
Judge Irma Gonzalez on Monday sentenced Matthew Eaton to 27 months in jail and his wife , Laura Eaton , to 12 months .
Both had pleaded guilty to conspiracy to traffic in stolen goods across state lines .
Gonzalez criticized Dr. Phil , saying he did not give the couple enough help and counseling when they agreed to appear on his show .
She called him " a terrible , terrible man , " adding , " what a charlatan this man is . "
January 15 , 2010 12:00 PM |
[ '@ Play ' is a monthly column by John Harris which discusses the history , present and future of the Roguelike dungeon exploring genre . ]
This is the beginning of a sequence of articles on the popular roguelike game Dungeon Crawl .
We 've covered it once before , but considering the game 's importance and continued development we have not discussed it nearly as much as it deserves .
Hopefully this and the next few articles will go some way towards remedying this tragic situation !
Of the five major roguelikes ( Rogue , Nethack , Angband , ADOM and Dungeon Crawl ) , Crawl is both the most recent addition the list and the one undergoing , by far , the most intensive development .
A favorite of the Goons over at Something Awful , it possesses a very strong design which is difficult to exploit , and provides tradeoffs and drawbacks for most important actions .
In this it sticks closely to Rogue , and other than the original Hack it is probably the popular roguelike that best recognizes its forefather 's great strengths .
These articles are written based on the as - of - this - writing most current stable version of Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup , 0.5.2 .
Much of the information herein was gleaned through perusal of the Dungeon Crawl Wiki at http://crawl.chaosforge.org/index.php?title=CrawlWiki, and the spoilers found at http://www.normalesup.org/~grasland/Crawl/.
It should be noted that a new version is under development as v0.6.0 , and that a development build of this version is available for download .
Crawl ’s experience system
To begin our discussion , I must first describe Dungeon Crawl ’s unique experience system .
Characters in Crawl advance in two important ways .
The first way is the usual one featured in most role - playing games , through the gaining of experience points towards raising character level from defeating monsters .
Crawl is more conservative in its advancement rules than some other RPGs ; unlike Moria and Angband or later editions of D&D , monsters do not grant less experience when they are outclassed by the player .
The reduced benefit of defeating weak monsters comes entirely through the greatly - increasing experience needed to gain higher levels .
But while “ character level ” in Crawl has certain visible benefits ( HP and MP go up , stat increases may occur , and more spells may be learned ) , a character tends to gain more profound advantages from increasing skill levels .
Characters have a number of skills , which can be examined in - game by pressing the ‘ m ’ key .
These can be divided into fighting skills ( which includes general fighting , all the weapon skills , and some additional abilities like Dodge and Throwing ) , utility skills ( Traps & Doors being the most universal , but also the specialized magic - using abilities Invocations and Evocations ) , and magic skills ( one per school of magic , and general spellcasting ) .
These skills are what govern most of a character ’s action success rates and power .
When the player earns experience in Crawl , both the overall experience total goes up and an extra total called the experience pool .
Points live in the pool until they get assigned to one of the skills through practice .
Pretty much any action the player can perform that has a chance of failure belongs to one of the skill categories , and practicing that action provides a chance that some of those skill points will be moved to that skill .
Higher skill levels require vastly more points than lower levels , just as with character level , but will also increase the number of points that are diverted to that skill with a single practice .
The most interesting thing about Crawl ’s skill system is how it deftly avoids the many problems of a skill - based development system .
- There is no feeling a character does n’t improve over time ,
- nor that skills are watered - down to prevent one from being unbalanced compared to the others
- nor that one is overpowered
overpowered - nor that characters are generic , infinitely - malleable bags of properties interchangeable with each other
- nor that a character quickly maxxes out and becomes unable to advance
- nor that rapid , early advancement in one area makes improving in others impossible or nearly so ,
- nor that a character can easily advance in all areas and become a super character without proper effort and playing skill .
Crawl ’s system avoids all these problems .
It is probably the best skill system yet seen in any roguelike ; it could make a claim at being one of the best in any CRPG .
Aimless practicing only improves skills so long as the player has successes , measured in monster kills , to power them , and also requires an opportunity to train them .
The skills are broad enough that no experience diversions feel wasted , but sufficiently narrow that characters do n’t become , functionally , generalists .
If a character has low aptitude in a skill it costs more points to train , a significant but far from insurmountable amount .
And most skill practice events require some opportunity , meaning even if the player has pool points to spare , there may not be the opportunity around that the player wants to spend them on .
( Oh by the way , the maximum experience level , skill levels , and dungeon level of Dungeon Crawl all are 27 .
Do n’t ask why ; it ’s kind of the magic number of Dungeon Crawl . )
Race , Class , Stats and Deity : the four facts of Crawl existence
A starting Dungeon Crawl character is , generally speaking , a combination of race , class , statistics and god .
Races are a bundle of skill aptitudes , some starting equipment , skills and stats , and sometimes a few special rules .
Aptitudes determine how difficult it is to train a specific skill .
Special rules are sometimes profound changes to the basic gameplay of Crawl , like an inability to use most armor or a rapid metabolism .
A hill orc character , of whatever class , will have certain abilities that a deep dwarf of the same class is not capable of and vice - versa .
Many of the game ’s races have special abilities like this .
Some of these differences may overcome with the right mutations , but that process is random and dangerous .
A Crawl character ’s class provides a further development of items and skills , sometimes with a couple of extra perks .
Class plays a much greater role in starting skill allotment ( but not aptitude ) than role , but both factor into it .
The following fact is so important to understanding Crawl ’s class system that it gets a paragraph to itself , and in boldface too , just to impress its importance :
Class provides no benefits to a character beyond startup ; once the game begins , everything a character follows from his actions .
Just because you ’re a “ conjurer ” does not mean you have to cast even a single spell .
You could pick up a knife and start training combat skills , and win the game with them , and the game will not make it any harder for a character to do this other than the difficulty he will have starting out with no skill in that area , and whatever stat deficiencies he might have , which are due more to race than class .
Likewise , a character beginning as a “ Fighter ” can pick up the basics of spellcasting from reading random scrolls , then find a starter ’s spellbook in the dungeon and begin using magic , provided he is willing to go with light armor and has a good - enough Intelligence stat .
It would not be an easy road , but it is possible .
Those stats are also quite important .
Dungeon Crawl has only three : Strength , Dexterity and Intelligence .
Their improvement is mostly tied to experience level .
At periodic levels one randomly - chosen stat ( which is picked depends on character race ) is increased by a point .
Additionally , every three levels the game asks the player for a statistic to improve .
Strength influences combat damage and skill using some weapons .
Dexterity plays a role in combat hit chances , attack evasion and skill using the rest of the weapons .
Intelligence is needed to memorize spells , and to cast them more successfully once memorized .
That leaves deity worshipped .
Most , but not all , Crawl characters begin the game without a religion , and can choose to remain unaligned in that way .
( Characters of the Demigod race , in exchange for markedly higher stats and stat growth , are forbidden from joining a religion . )
In a special dungeon branch called the Ecumenical Temple some way down , a character can pick out one of twelve gods to worship , each providing special gameplay advantages in exchange for following its dictates .
Once a religion is joined , the player can leave at any time by using the Renounce Religion ability , but depending on how much time the player has spent in that religion and which god ( if any ) he changes to , doing this will incur the wrath of his former deity .
All of these aspects combine to provide a very deep set of gameplay possibilities for each combination of race and class .
How Crawl steers characters along their path
A fact that is not obvious to the Dungeon Crawl newbie is that all of the character races and classes have the same skills .
When you check your skills at the start of the game with the ‘ m ’ key , you will only see a few options available .
Despite this , all skills are possessed by the player character .
The skills not displayed are just considered to be at “ level zero , ” and progress towards advancement in them is still tracked , just not displayed .
These skills are also called untrained .
Whenever the player does something that involves an untrained skill , a couple of points will be diverted to it .
Since one of the functions of having levels in a skill is an increase in the number of pool points that can be diverted to it in from a single practice , even with a full experience pool it may still be awhile before the skill advances as points get diverted to the player ’s higher - level abilities .
( A foresighted player can help prevent this by disabling skills from the ' m ' screen , which does n't actually turn them off , it just makes the game much less likely to assign pool experience to them . )
So every character class can learn every skill , and no class uses special rules to provide its gameplay features .
How , then , does Crawl avoid the problem of classes being too similar to each other , such as with most of Nethack ’s classes ?
Starting out is difficult without a “ gimmick , ” a system by which a character can prosper in the early going .
A character with no skill in anything would be quite hard to play .
The numbers are stacked against such a character ; starting stats and skills tend to be just enough that most players will need to rely on class - specific abilities to get a leg - up on the monsters .
These skills make possible the character ’s engine , the system by which he kills monsters and earns experience within acceptable levels of risk .
Having an engine is not strictly necessary , and for some race / class combinations is as simple as walking up to monsters and hitting them with stuff , but without one the player will have to resort to making use of random items and extreme tactics more often , strategies that bring with them necessary dangers .
The hit - them - with - stuff “ gimmick ” is more conventionally termed melee speciality .
Spellcasters that start out with conjurations can also survive in a straight - forward kind of way .
But then there are centaurs , which are very fast and great with missile weapons , but must eat more often than most other races , and so must keep on the move more .
And then there ’s Spriggans , who are extremely weak physically but naturally stealthy , and so they can make a good living off of stabbing sleeping monsters before they wake up .
A Spriggan Enchanter ( about which more will be said before long ) gets a spell that can often put a single monster to sleep long enough to get in a single , almost certain - to - hit , ultra - high - damage critical strike that can wipe out even some very strong monsters instantly .
Many of the races are built off of these kinds of tradeoffs .
The more extreme the tradeoff , the more the player will have to deviate from basic walk - up - and - smack - em play to survive and prosper .
This can change the game a lot for some classes , restricting some basic abilities and / or making interesting new ones available .
In a way , Crawl is actually a variety of different roguelike games that happen to take place in the same dungeon ; the path for success for a High Elf Wizard is very different than that for a Minotaur Bezerker , but they are both quite alien compared to a Vampire Anything .
Beyond race , it must be remembered that Crawl ’s classes are , for the most part* , identical after the game begins .
Chances for advancement are the same for a human Fighter , Wizard , Assassin , Transmuter or Wanderer .
What matters is how they make use of the skills they begin with , and how well they can diversify away from it , which usually relies on item generation .
* What do I mean by “ for the most part ? ”
Some classes start out with a god that other classes cannot pick up until they find an altar , usually in the Ecumenical Temple found between dungeon levels 4 and 7 .
This is a fairly major advantage for those classes , but it mostly just gives them a good start .
Additionally , elemental magic skills , including any levels possessed at the beginning of the game , make other elemental skills harder to learn .
These differences may delay character advancement in some skills , but the player can always overcome them with more practice ... provided he lives that long .
None of this would matter for much if Crawl were not a hard game .
The game is very finely balanced , with the knife ’s edge very close to the limits of most characters ’ abilities at the start of play .
Further , the player does not have the luxury to do much grinding for skills due to the food system which , while not as hard as Rogue ’s , does limit the amount of food that can be reliably found in a game .
It is useful to think of character advancement in terms of experience gained vs. food consumed , with more efficient improvement techniques providing for a potentially more - powerful character later on .
If food were not a resource of hard scarcity , then the player could use the monster generation of early levels as a way to gain experience points , and those points could then be put into skills through practice a lot more easily .
So it could be said that Crawl ’s food system drives its design .
Even the small number of Crawl races that do not need to eat have some mechanism that forces the player to search for resources .
The need to find more treasure is what makes the opportunities for experience and skill gain meaningful .
That is enough for this time .
Next time we ’ll take a look at some of those skills and whatever dungeon - related itches they scratch .
Roguelike news :
It 's a little later than expected , but Keith Burgun informs us that his company ’s iPhone roguelike , 100 Rogues , has entered closed beta .
We interviewed him about that some months ago if you ’ll remember .
He also mentions that they 're having an open beta before too long .
An interesting new roguelike , just over a month old of this writing , is Brian Walker ’s BRogue .
In Japan , the awesome videogame TV show Game Center CX , in which a middle - aged man tries to complete old video games , recently tackled Shiren the Wanderer !
It was hard enough that they did it over two episodes .
No English translation of those episodes yet exists , but episode descriptions are available at Crunk Games .
Episode 1 - Episode 2
While I find the show interesting , we have noticed a couple of problems with the playing of this one , notably , just randomly getting swords up to +11 , before finding out about the Blacksmith ?
Seems a little questionable ( I have similar problems with the episode about Solomon 's Key honestly ) , but even with some admitted cheating ( copying save files ) and assistants farming items it takes poor Arino 26 hours of playing to beat the Tainted Insect .
Now let 's see him do the Final Puzzle !
Mit einer anstehenden Änderung für die Datenübermittlung an externe Websites will Facebook wieder einmal seinen Handlungsspielraum erweitern .
Und zerstört damit Vertrauen .
Facebook hat ein Problem - angesicht von über 400 Millionen Nutzern und ungebrochenem Wachstum sicherlich ein Luxusproblem , aber dennoch eins mit unabsehbaren Folgen : Facebook verliert zunehmend mein Vertrauen , genau wie das vieler anderer interessierter Beobachter des weltweit größten sozialen Netzwerks .
Der Grund : Facebook hat sich mindstens einmal zu oft aus dem Fenster gelehnt und deutlicht gemacht , dass es für eine fortschreitende Monetarisierung bereit ist , über Grenzen zu gehen .
Das Disaster mit dem später eingestellten Werbeprogramm Beacon war ein erster Ausrutscher , diesen konnte ich locker verzeihen .
Die Transformation von einer Plattform für die private Kommunikation hin zu einer für den öffentlichen Dialog mit all seinen Implikationen schlug mir aufgrund deutlich unterschiedlicher Anwendungsszenarien schon etwas mehr auf den Magen .
Nicht gerade die feine englische
Art war das Verstecken des Abmelde - Buttons , um User auch nach dem Verlassen der Facebook - Website für über Facebook Connect an das soziale Netzwerk angeschlossene Sites als eingeloggte Mitglieder von Facebook identifizieren zu können .
Mit jedem dieser Schritte hat CEO Mark Zuckerberg deutlich gemacht , dass er jederzeit bereit ist , die Grenzen auszutesten und auch über sie hinaus zu gehen .
Und genau deshalb reagiere ich jedes Mal misstrauischer , wenn Facebook signifikante Veränderungen an seiner Plattform vornimmt .
Und stets lese ich ganz genau , um nachvollziehen zu können , was eine anstehende Neuerung für Konsequenzen nach sich ziehen könnte .
In einem aktuellen Blogpost verkündet Facebook mehrere Anpassungen seiner Nutzer - und Datenschutzbedingungen .
Eine davon , verlinkt in einem weiterführenden Dokument : Facebook möchte sich das Recht einräumen , ausgewählten externen Sites mit Facebook Connect - Integration generelle Informationen über den Nutzer zu übermitteln , ohne dass dieser sich aktiv mit der jeweiligen Site über Facebook Connect verbunden hat .
Die Erklärung ist recht nebulös und lässt viele Fragen offen .
Deutlich macht Facebook jedoch , dass es auf das für das Unternehmen so bequeme , aus Nutzersicht aber fragwürdige Opt - out - Verfahren setzen will .
Wer nicht möchte , dass Partnerseiten vorab einige grundlegende , als öffentlich zugänglich markierte Angaben vom eigenen Profil erhalten können , muss diesem manuell widersprechen .
Es ist zu früh , den Vorstoß als solchen zu verurteilen .
Dazu fehlt es an konkreten Fakten zum Ablauf .
Der Einsatz von Opt - out statt Opt-in im aus Anwendersicht sensiblen Bereich der Datenübermittlung an Dritte hingegen lässt sich kaum schönreden .
Wieder will Facebook wissen , wie weit es gehen kann , ohne die Masse der Anwender gegen sich aufzubringen .
Und wieder hinterlässt bereits die Ankündigung einen bitteren Nachgeschmack .
Dass Facebook versucht , seine Plattform zu monetarisieren und endlich die Cash - Cow zu finden , die das Unternehmen auch in Hinblick auf wirtschaftliche Kennzahlen in Google - Dimensionen bringt , ist vollkommen verständlich .
Dass dazu ab und an Schritte notwendig sind , die auf den ersten Blick unpopulär erscheinen , ebenso .
Nur wenn dies gehäuft vorkommt und wenn der Eindruck entsteht , Facebook lerne nicht aus seinen Fehlern , dann tauchen zumindest bei mir Zweifel darüber auf , wieviel Vertrauen man dem blau - weißen sozialen Netzwerk eigentlich schenken sollte .
Google hat rund zehn Jahre gebraucht , bis es zu einem Umschwung der vormals durchweg positiven öffentlichen Meinung gegenüber dem Treiben des Ausnahmeunternehmens kam .
Facebook tut alles dafür , dass dies schon deutlich früher geschieht .
Und hat dabei noch nichteinmal die Durchschlagskraft und Milliardengewinne im Rücken , die bei Google Gründe für die zunehmend wahrnehmbaren Anfeindungen darstellen .
Facebook weiß , dass sich das Gros der Mitglieder wenig für Änderungen wie die beschriebenen interessiert .
Und es weiß , dass es derzeit ohnehin keine vergleichbare Alternative zu seiner Plattform gibt .
Das führt zu einem immer forscheren Agieren des Dienstes .
Momentan scheint es , als gehe die Rechnung auf .
Und trotzdem spielt Facebook mit dem Feuer .
Vertrauen ist ein wertvolles Gut , dessen Aufbau lange dauert , das sich jedoch in kurzer Zeit zerstören lässt .
Das gilt auch für Facebook .
Meinungen und Artikel zum Thema :
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has always tried to portray herself as tough on national security .
On Sunday , however , Palin may have taken it too far .
Speaking to Fox News ’ Chris Wallace , the onetime Republican vice presidential nominee signaled that she supported war with Iran , referring to a recent online column by conservative Pat Buchanan .
“ Say he played , and I got this from Buchanan , reading one of his columns the other day , ” Palin quipped .
“ Say he played the war card .
Say he decided to declare war on Iran , or decided to really come out and do whatever he could to support Israel , which I would like him to do .
But that changes the dynamics in what we can assume is going to happen between now and three years . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Only , Buchanan said the opposite thing .
“ Should war come , ” he wrote Friday , “ that would be the end of GOP dreams of adding three - dozen seats in the House and half a dozen in the Senate . ”
In addition to costing the GOP politically ( the speechwriter turned pundit said that war would ensure the reelection of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) , Buchanan said war with Iran was simply unwise — and even more than that , unfounded .
“ Despite the hysteria about Iran ’s imminent testing of a bomb , ” Buchanan wrote , “ the U.S. intelligence community still has not changed its finding that Tehran is not seeking a bomb . ”
“ And if Iran is hell - bent on a bomb , ” he added , “ why has Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair not revised the 2007 finding and given us the hard evidence ? ”
Palin , seemingly misreading Buchanan ’s piece , remarked , “ Things would dramatically change if he decided to toughen up and do all that he can to secure our nation and our allies . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin ’s remarks come about 3:15 into the following YouTube video .
The exchange — and the column by Buchanan — was first noted by Talking Points Memo .
This recipe shows a simple , transparent ( and hopefully pythonic ) way of running asynchronous tasks when writing a event - driven application ( i.e. GUI ) .
The aim is to allow a programmer to write time - consuming functions ( usually IO - bound , but not only ) with sequential - looking code , instead of scattering the logic over a bunch of callbacks .
We will take advantage of the coroutines introduced in Python 2.5 ( see http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0342).
The goal : would n't it be great if we could write something like this ?
def myjob ( entry , arg1 , arg2 , arg3 ) : result1 = function_that_takes_eons_to_complete(arg1 , arg2 ) result2 = another_function_that_downloads_a_big_really_big_file( result1 , arg3 ) entry.set_text ( " The result is : %d " % result2 ) def on_start_button___clicked( button , entry ) : myjob( entry , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ... gtk.main ( )
Indeed , but we can 't !
The GUI will hang until the job is done and the user will be rightfully angry .
Coroutines to the rescue : the absolute minimal change we can make to this code is transforming myjob into a coroutine and yield every time we do blocking stuff :
def myjob ( entry , arg1 , arg2 , arg3 ) : result1 = yield some_task ( arg1 , arg2 ) result2 = yield some_other_task ( result1 , arg3 ) entry.set_text
( " The result is : %d " % result2 ) def on_start__clicked ( button , entry ) : start_job(myjob( entry , 1 , 2 , 3 ) )
some_task and some_other_task are here the asynchronous implementation of the sequential tasks used in the first fragment , and start_job the wrapper around the coroutine .
Note that we still have to implement non-blocking versions of the tasks , but they are usually pretty generic ( wait some time , download a file , ... ) and can be re-used .
If you happen to have a CPU - bound function or even a IO - bound code you cannot split ( urllib2 anyone ? ) , you can always use a generic threaded task ( granted , the whole point of using co-routines should be avoiding threads , but there is no alternative here ) .
At the end , all the plumbing we need to make it work is just 1 function : start_job ( wrapper around the job to manage the flow of the coroutine ) .
The rest of the code - two asynchronous tasks ( sleep_task , threaded_task ) and a demo app - are shown solely as an example .
One of our most versatile products , rubber grass mats can be used for any number of purposes .
Often found in playgrounds , gardens , caravans , stables and even on boats , our rubber grass mats can create a more durable and anti-slip surface .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday 17 February 2010
The headline above could have been misinterpreted .
What BAE admitted to was false accounting and making misleading statements in relation to allegations of corruption , as we later made clear in other articles .
The US deputy attorney general quoted in the article is Gary Grindler , not Larry Grindler .
The arms giant BAE yesterday agreed to pay out almost £ 300 m in penalties , as it finally admitted guilt over its worldwide conduct , in the face of long - running corruption investigations .
For 20 years , the firm refused to accept any wrongdoing , despite mounting evidence of alleged bribes and kickbacks , much of it uncovered by the Guardian .
But BAE yesterday said it would plead guilty to charges of false accounting and making misleading statements , in simultaneous settlement deals with the Serious Fraud Office in the UK and the department of justice in Washington .
The admissions in the US covered BAE 's huge £ 43bn al - Yamamah fighter plane sales to Saudi Arabia and smaller deals in the Czech Republic and elsewhere in central Europe .
In the UK , the admissions cover a highly controversial sale of a military radar to poverty - stricken Tanzania , which the development secretary Clare Short said at the time " stank " of corruption , but which the then prime minister , Tony Blair , forced through the cabinet .
The Serious Fraud Office said in its announcement yesterday that some of the £ 30 m penalty BAE was to hand over in the UK would be " an ex gratia payment for the benefit of the people of Tanzania " .
Another $ 400 m ( £ 257 m ) would be paid in penalties to the US authorities .
BAE will not face international blacklisting from future contracts , because it has only admitted false accounting , not bribery .
MPs admitted to mixed feelings about BAE 's admission and are still furious that the SFO 's own extensive inquiry into the al - Yamamah deal was shut down in 2006 , following pressure from the firm and from Saudi officials , who reportedly threatened to withdraw co-operation over security matters .
The then attorney general , Lord Goldsmith , cited national security when he announced the inquiry was being abandoned .
Blair said he took full responsibility for the decision .
The Liberal Democrats ' deputy leader , Vince Cable , said last night that BAE ­Systems had succeeded in ensuring that key details of its arms deals would remain hidden .
" The one positive thing is we have now had an acknowledgement from BAE Systems that unacceptable practices were being conducted .
But nobody has been brought to account . "
He added : " The British government was up to its neck in this whole business .
Government ministers were almost certainly fully aware of what was happening . "
The former Labour minister Peter ­Kilfoyle said : " I certainly think there is now an argument to be made for an ­independent judicial inquiry into the whole affair .
This raises serious questions on what [ Blair 's ] motivation was in intervening in the [ al - Yamamah investigation in the UK ] and what influences were brought to bear on him . "
Richard Alderman , director of the SFO , called the pioneering deal " pragmatic " .
It later emerged that the only prosecution of an individual by the SFO – Count Alfons Mensdorff - Pouilly – was being dropped .
Alderman added : " This brings to an end the SFO 's investigations into BAE 's defence contracts . "
In Washington , the deputy attorney general , Larry Grindler , was more pointed .
" Any company conducting business with the US that profits through false statements will be held accountable , " he said .
" The alleged illegal conduct undermined US efforts to ensure that corruption has no place in international trade . "
Britain had previously been subject to condemnation at the OECD after Blair intervened to halt the British investigation into allegations of Saudi corruption .
Yesterday 's announcement in Washington focused on BAE 's acceptance of guilt of the Saudi deals , and described secret shell offshore companies for making covert payments , and specific payments into a Saudi intermediary 's Swiss account .
It also identified £ 19 m secretly paid to lubricate Czech and Hungarian weapons deals .
BAE admitted writing an untrue letter to US authorities in 2000 , denying it was paying any secret commissions .
Yesterday 's statement said BAE was now free of threats of corporate prosecution .
BAE said the deal " draws a line under the past " , and it regretted what it called " the lack of rigor in the past " .
A government spokesman said last night : " It 's right that these historical allegations have been addressed . "
But two anti-corruption campaigners – Sue Hawley of the Cornerhouse NGO , and the former South African ANC MP Andrew Feinstein – said they reacted to the deal , under which no trials will take place , with " dismay " .
They said it " betrays the people of Tanzania , South Africa , the Czech Republic and Romania , who have the right to know the truth about corruption in their countries perpetrated by British and other companies .
It … sends the message that large enough corporations are able to pay their way out of trouble . "
KABUL — Children are the biggest victims of the war in Afghanistan , with more than 1,050 people under 18 years old killed last year alone , according to an Afghan human rights watchdog .
Taliban - linked militants caused around 64 percent of all violent child deaths last year , the Afghanistan Rights Monitor ( ARM ) said in a report .
Children were also press - ganged , sexually exploited , deprived of health and education , and illegally detained by all sides in a war that is dragging into its ninth year since the US - led invasion toppled the Taliban regime .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ At least three children were killed in war - related incidents every day in 2009 and many others suffered in diverse but mostly unreported ways , ” ARM director Ajmal Samadi said .
Children died in suicide attacks and roadside bombings — at the crux of the Taliban ’s arsenal against US , NATO and Afghan troops fighting the increasingly virulent insurgency as it spreads across the impoverished country .
The Taliban “ reportedly caused more harm and intentionally abused more children for illegal purposes than pro-government Afghan and international forces , ” the report said .
“ Through a horrible anti-education policy of heinous attacks , intimidation and terror the insurgents deprived hundreds of thousands of children , boys and girls , from education mostly in the insecure south and east of the country . ”
On the other hand , the Western - backed government has failed to introduce or implement laws to protect children against the abuses of war or “ bring alleged criminals and abusers to justice , ” Samadi said .
ADVERTISEMENT
ARM called on the Afghan authorities to set up an official child protection body and liaise with the warring parties on child rights .
The report by ARM , an independent rights monitoring group set up in Kabul in 2008 , comes after the United Nations said civilian deaths in Afghanistan rose 10.8 percent in the first 10 months of 2009 , most caused by the Taliban .
The United Nations put civilian deaths at 2,038 for that period , up from 1,838 for the same period of 2008 , with the vast majority killed by insurgents .
ADVERTISEMENT
It said 468 deaths were caused by pro-government forces , including NATO and US - led forces , and 166 by “ other actors . ”
ARM released the report as a suspected roadside bomb attack killed four children and wounded more than a dozen in volatile eastern Nangahar province .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reports that foreign forces killed eight students in Kunar province on December 26 caused widespread outrage , including US flag - burning demonstrations in two cities , though reports of what happened varied widely .
A government investigation found the teenagers were unarmed and killed in cold blood , while Western military sources said the group were armed , opened fire at foreign and Afghan forces , and were killed in self - defence .
Civilian deaths at the hands of foreign forces fuel distrust between the Afghan population , the government and US and NATO troops , even though most are caused by insurgent tactics such as homemade bombs .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Taliban regularly exploit deaths caused by foreign and Afghan forces , and Western military intelligence officials say the militants have gained the upper hand in a sophisticated propaganda war .
Militant leaders , based largely in Pakistan , rarely claim responsibility for operations that kill large numbers of civilians but routinely exaggerate losses among foreign forces .
The United States and NATO are boosting their troop numbers in Afghanistan to 150,000 over the course of 2010 , as part of a new strategy determined to clear and secure insurgent strongholds .
US General Stanley McChrystal , commander of foreign forces in Afghanistan , has ordered civilian casualties be kept to a minimum , yet as more troops pour in , a higher death rate is inevitable , experts say .
Now THAT'S what I call a bear hug !
Mother takes her fluffy polar cubs outdoors for the very first time
Advertisement
When you 've spent the first three months of your life snuggled up to your mother in her den , the Arctic seems a cold and daunting place .
So a reassuring cuddle never comes amiss .
These heart - warming images of a polar bear 's introduction to the outside world were taken on the coast of Alaska .
The mother bear spends about three weeks with the cub in the area of her snow hole , allowing it to acclimatise , before leading it out on to the sea ice to learn the art of seal hunting .
I love you , Mum :
The cub snuggles against its mother as the pair appear to take a little nap in the powdery Arctic snow
The pictures were taken by U.S. environmentalist Steven Kazlowski , 40 , who was touring the region with an Inupiat Eskimo guide .
Spending months at a time away on expeditions , Mr Kazlowski has only now been able to share them with the world .
Mr Kazlowski said : ' We set up camp over two miles away , built a snow blind nearer to the den so we could watch without disturbing them , and then waited patiently .
' The mother would emerge with her little one in tow , and I was able to photograph them for a couple of days until , one calm clear evening , she left with her cub to head out on the sea ice .
' The cub was probably 13 - 14 weeks old or so .
It was probably born early January last and spent its first weeks huddled up to mum safely inside the den .
' It 's always exciting to see polar bears in nature .
I will never tire of it as they are fascinating creatures .
It is always special . '
Peekaboo :
The mother polar bear and her cub just outside their snow den , pausing as the newborn takes in the great wide world for the first time
It 's spring !
The cub 's excitement at the brand new world is obvious to see
However Mr Kazlowski , who this year lectured at the UN climate change conference COP - 15 in Copenhagen , said he feels that sights like this will soon be lost to the history books thanks to global warming .
The oceans where the bears depend on the formation of summer sea ice so that they can hunt out at sea appear to be changing at an alarming rate , he said .
He said : ' Photographing bears I have seen first - hand how the Arctic is changing drastically in our lifetime .
' This past April , temperatures over the Chukchi Sea reached a record - breaking 40 f ( 4c ) .
' In some areas the sea ice was extremely thin .
Polar bears need that ice to survive .
The Arctic environment is paying the price for the way our society has lived . '
After nearly a daylong session at Blair House , both sides in the health care debate walked away without much agreement on major outstanding issues .
And perhaps that was the expectation all along .
About six hours into the session , Senator Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , still counseled that the existing bills should all be scrapped and everyone should start over .
Afterward , Mr. McConnell would n’t go so far as to write off the extraordinary roundtable as a waste of time .
But he said pointedly : “ Frankly , I was discouraged by the outcome . ”
Of course , Republicans had approached the session with considerable skepticism , especially after the White House posted a new set of proposals on Monday , three days in advance of this meeting .
For days , Representative John Boehner , the House minority leader , and other Republicans had expressed dismay over the president ’s apparent intention to push forward with a big , broad bill .
The Ohioan ’s facial expressions today suggested that he was clearly unhappy with Mr. Obama ’s directions and directives .
For the Democrats ’ part , one after another tried to stress to Republicans that they were “ so close ” on some issues and tried to tackle some of the more yawning divides between the two — such as covering more of the uninsured , dealing with insurance pools and coverage across state lines .
When it came time for Representative Eric Cantor , the Republican minority whip from Virginia , to speak , he declared that the American public just could n’t afford the president ’s plans .
Like other Republicans at the table , Mr. Cantor tapped on a sizable pile of paper , the Senate bill at about 2,400 pages , along with Mr. Obama ’s latest proposal .
And after Representative Peter Roskam , Republican of Illinois , complained that the latest efforts at compromise by Democrats were simply to put some Republican breadcrumbs on top of the old proposals , Mr. Obama came back around to say that these attempts were not mere sprinkles or crumbs .
While the president clearly dominated the session , often taking apart a Republican ’s assertions before moving on to the next speaker , his efforts at persuasion , however realistic he had been in his approach , failed to sway the opposing side .
But , as has been pointed out repeatedly , perhaps that was the strategy all along .
Bring the Republicans to the table , tease out some themes , but in the end delineate the irreconcilable differences as though you were standing in divorce court .
And then walk away , separately .
And that ’s what Mr. Obama seemed to be suggesting toward the end .
Democrats have wanted this for five decades , he said , and the American people can no longer wait .
He set a deadline of a month to six weeks or so for Republicans to join them on this issue , but warned that the Democratic leaders of Congress would then go it alone to try to get it done .
— Kate Phillips
The president has ended his concluding remarks and the session is over .
It does n’t sound as though he ’ll convene another large roundtable like this one .
As he has been talking about the differences between Democrats and Republicans , he argues it ’s too late for baby steps .
At one point , he waves his hand toward another part of the table pointing to Representative John Dingell , the Michigan Democrat whose father used to introduce universal health care bills every year .
“ The concern of a lot of colleagues — after a year and half or more appropriately after five decades — of dealing with this issue , starting over they suspect means not doing much , ” he says , adding that limiting coverage to only three million people would not be enough .
He suggests that if they cannot find agreement within a month or so , there ’ll be big fights about process in the House and Senate — ( hint , hint that he ’ll move on without Republicans to get this done , using that reconciliation move that only requires a simple majority vote ) .
As for calls from Republicans , even at this session , to scrap all the proposals and head back to a drawing board , Mr. Obama told those in the room that parents of sick children and other Americans ” do n’t want us to wait .
They ca n’t afford another 5 decades . ”
He did say he understands that it may be risky for Republicans to vote with Democrats on some form of this legislation .
“ I do n’t need a poll to know that most Republican voters are opposed ” to his ideas , he said .
Ultimately , judgments will be rendered on his health care plans and people will choose to disagree with him or with Republicans .
“ That ’s what elections are for , ” he said toward the end .
It did not sound as though Mr. Obama would be willing to hold another round of these talks with Republican and Democratic leaders .
Afterward , although he called it a “ terrific discussion , he added , “ let ’s see if it changes anyone ’s attitudes . ” — Kate Phillips
The president begins to make closing remarks , and it ’s pretty clear he ’s studied the details way down into the weeds .
Claiming that his ideas would not result in a government takeover of health care , Mr. Obama runs through some areas that Democrats and Republicans seem to have some common ground on — on pre-existing conditions , exchanges .
But he adds , “ With respect to the most contentious issue I ’m not sure we can bridge the gap .
How do we provide coverage not only for people who do n’t have insurance right now , but people who have pre-existing conditions and are being priced out of coverage ? ” — Kate Phillips
Speaker Nancy Pelosi argues that even though she wishes there were still a public option , Democrats and others have shifted to talking about exchanges — something she considers incorporation of a Republican idea .
But she also takes issue with statements made by Republicans earlier in this session , and singles out Mr. Boehner , the minority leader in the House , saying his assertions were “ not factual . ”
She says , “ The law of the land is no public funding of abortion and there is no public funding of abortion in these bills ” to much murmuring farther down the table where Mr. Boehner is sitting .
She also said she had to correct another lawmaker ’s discussion of Medicare benefits , saying the cuts outlined in the existing bills would not cut benefits to the elderly .
“ They do not .
They do not , ” she says .
There ’s no question that trying to pass health - care legislation is hard , she adds .
“ The misrepresentation campaign that ’s gone on about these bills — it ’s a wonder anybody would support them , as Mr. Waxman said , ” Ms. Pelosi says .
But she cites Social Security and Medicare legislation as examples of how this can be achieved .
Senator Mitch McConnell may as well be pitching a line for extreme makeovers .
He reiterated his opposition to the existing proposals , citing polls saying the American people want these plans put on the shelf .
He urges starting all over again , calling health care an extremely personal issue .
On the issue of polls , President Obama retorts that in many polls , when you get down to individual questions , people favor a lot of the varying provisions .
( It is true that many answers vary on certain plans when a pollster varies the phrasing and the language of a specific piece . )
As for the notion that lawmakers understand what their constituents want and have their pulse on their districts and states , Mr. Obama says , “ I hear from constituents in every one of your districts and every one of your states . ” — Kate Phillips
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Senator Ron Wyden , whose bipartisan health care bill with Senator Bob Bennett of Utah never really gained traction , promises to gather ’ round those who are in favor of interstate shopping for insurance to hammer out differences .
Mr. Wyden returns to the issue of federal coverage for lawmakers and government officials , saying : “ Folks , all of us can fire our insurance companies . ….
We ’ve got to stay in this battle until everybody has this right . ”
( That reminds us of Senator Durbin ’s smack earlier at Republicans opposed to health care changes : “ If you think it ’s a socialist plot , then please drop out of the federal employees health program , ” Mr. Durbin says . )
Mr. Wyden offered up some areas of compromise in an earlier post .
— Kate Phillips
Senator Chris Dodd , the Democrat from Connecticut who has played an instrumental role on the late Senator Ted Kennedy ’s committee , the Health , Employment , Labor and Pension panel , uses his time to cite statistics and studies that he argues show how coverage needs of the uninsured affect the costs of others as well as their own lives .
As they sit there , he says and raises his voice , “ 14,000 of our fellow citizens will have lost their health care today .
Roughly 6 to 8 people will have lost their lives today because they ’re uninsured , ” and cites a study .
In the next 10 years , he continues , every state will have a 10 percent increase in the number of uninsured .
He finishes with the argument that coverage is critical and that coverage defies an incremental approach because so many pieces are interlocking .
— Kate Phillips
Mr. Obama wants to know whether Republicans have any new proposals for extending areas of coverage to those who do n’t have it .
The conversation then moves to Representative Peter Roskam , Republican of Illinois , who first diverts to talk about how Mr. Obama was a proven negotiator when he was back in the state Legislature , but that this is far different .
He too keeps patting the 2,400 page Senate bill , taking issue with the Democrats ’ claim that it ’s a G.O.P. prop .
Mr. Roskam says he feels that the current state of things — even at this stage — is throw a little salt and a little pepper on the existing proposals , throw on a few Republican bread crumbs and then the White House and Democrats ask , “ Do you like it now ? ”
He contends that people in his district have grown “ increasingly disappointed ” with the process .
In case you missed it , Mr. Obama has had another exchange with Senator McCain about using reconciliation , a maneuver that would allow Democrats to pass through certain provisions with a simple majority vote .
Mr. McCain warns that it would be harmful for the country , and notes how he and the “ Gang of 14 ″ circumvented a threat for a simple majority when the Republicans were in control and tried to move judicial nominations forward .
While Mr. Obama says “ I think most Americans think a majority vote makes sense , ” he also adds that they seem able in this session to bridge some differences .
— Kate Phillips
Mr. Obama , noting that lawmakers have yet to address the fourth segment to be covered here — coverage — decides to extend the session , which was to end at 4 p.m. , to continue until 4:30 p.m .
Senator Dick Durbin , the No. 2 in his chamber , pleads with his colleagues not to make medical malpractice the foremost issue in these discussions .
He acknowledges that yes , some reforms would indeed reap savings , but also cites the overall statistics in studies that show medical malpractice awards have been decreasing , not increasing over the last several years .
Senator McCain is back , pointing out how Texas caps awards on various medical malpractice lawsuits , and reminding the president that he too had asked Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to review ways to make savings on reforms in this area .
( Mr. Obama does agree that some measures need to be taken , but wryly notes that Republicans do n’t mind the federal government stepping in when it ’s about an idea they like . )
( The two exchange more light banter : Mr. McCain says “ I pay close attention to all of your speeches . ”
And Mr. Obama responds : “ Thank you .
That ’s more than Michelle does . ” ) — Kate Phillips
Representative Boehner reminds the president that the House had a very serious discussion about abortion - related provisions ( remember the Stupak amendment ) , and says that any provision about abortion still needs to be addressed .
Mr. Obama asserts that many of Mr. Boehner ’s points are n’t on point , per se , with this segment on deficit reduction , and disputes some of the Ohio Republican ’s assertions .
“ Every time we get somewhere , we go back to the standard talking points , ” Mr. Obama says .
And the president moves on to the next speaker .
— Kate Phillips
Representative John Boehner , the minority leader in the House , is another Republican using the mounds of paper representing the existing bills as his prop .
He fingers the stacks next to him , arguing that “ The American people want us to scrap this bill .
They said it loud and they said it clear . ” — Kate Phillips
Senator Chuck Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance committee , just remembered the thousands of hours and meeting upon meeting held by the former “ Gang of Six ” on the Finance Committee who tried to reach a consensus bill last year .
Mr. Grassley , along with other Republicans , ultimately did not support the overall bill .
“ I learned a heckuva lot about our health care system that I would n’t otherwise know , ” Mr. Grassley said of all those meetings , smacking his hand against the table .
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Obama go back - and - forth over Medicare Advantage and whether it actually improves the health of seniors .
— Kate Phillips
Mr. Obama and Republicans exchange discussions about Medicare Advantage , to talk about whether the program benefits the elderly or insurers more .
Mr. McCain complains again that elderly Floridians are getting a carve - out so that their Advantage programs are n’t cut , while say , elderly residents in his home state of Arizona do n’t get the same deal .
Mr. McCain said it should be even across the board , and Mr. Obama nods , acknowledges that his former rival has made a “ good point . ” — Kate Phillips
Representative Paul Ryan , saying he ’s respectfully disagreeing , challenges a remark made by Vice President Biden that no one could really presume to know what Americans are thinking .
Mr. Ryan argues that lawmakers are qualified to understand the public ’s opinions , they ’ve held town meetings , they talk to their constituents .
“ If you think they want a government takeover of health care , I would simply submit you ’re not listening to them , ” Mr. Ryan said .
Senator Jay Rockefeller , Democrat of West Virginia , paints the insurers as scary sharks , complaining about those who wo n’t cover pre-existing conditions .
“ The health insurance industry is the shark that swims just below the water and you do n’t feel that shark until you feel the teeth of that shark , ” he says .
Very little has been said today about the presumably doomed public option , which did not have enough votes in the Senate .
Mr. Rockefeller notes how much he had favored the public option , but acknowledged “ that ’s probably not going to happen . ” — Kate Phillips
The afternoon session begins with Senator Mike Enzi , Republican of Wyoming , talking about some of the proposals he favors .
Mr. Enzi lamented that this type of meeting had n’t occurred 9 months to a year ago .
While heading back to the White House during the break , President Obama stopped to talk to the White House pool reporters outside : “ I do n’t know if it ’s interesting watching it on TV , ” he said .
“ But it ’s interesting being a part of it . ”
“ I think we ’re establishing that there are actually some areas of real agreement .
And we ’re starting to focus on what the real disagreements are .
If you look at the issue of how much government should be involved , the argument that the Republicans are making really is n’t that this is a government takeover of health care — but rather that we ’re ensuring the — we ’re regulating the insurance market too much .
And that ’s a legitimate philosophical disagreement .
We ’ll hopefully be able to explore it a little more in the afternoon . ”
The session has broken for lunch and a House vote .
We ’ll be back with more this afternoon .
If there was any doubt about the extraordinary nature of today ’s health care session , consider the scene that just played out .
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. jumped into the fray to debate a point on the government ’s role in regulating insurance with Representative Eric Cantor , Republican of Virginia .
And for a brief moment , as Mr. Biden spoke , the cameras showed him and President Obama , sitting side by side , engaged in an animated policy debate with the opposition party — a remarkable exchange between the executive and legislative branches of government .
Mr. Biden noted that if Republicans agree that there is a need to end annual and lifetime caps on insurance benefits , and they agree there is a need to bar insurers from denying coverage based on pre-existing medical conditions , and they agree on a number of other regulatory steps , then they cannot also argue that the government has no role to play and Washington should butt out .
“ Either you are in or you ’re out , ” Mr. Biden declared .
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Representative Eric Cantor , Republican of Virginia , began to speak at the health care summit , but before he could get more than a word in , President Obama interrupted to make a comment about the mountainous pile of paper sitting in front of Mr. Cantor on the table .
Mr. Obama said : “ Let me just guess , that ’s the 2,400 - page health care bill .
Is that right ? ”
Mr. Cantor was not about to let the president undercount : “ Actually , Mr. President , this is the Senate bill along with the 11 - page proposal that you put up on line that really I think is the basis for the discussion here . ”
For newspaper reporters , the resumption of the health care debate in full force this week seemed to wind back the clock to December , when the Senate battled over the health care legislation for 25 straight days of floor debate .
But now Senator John McCain of Arizona is finally weighing in at the summit meeting , and he seems to be winding the clock back to the 2008 presidential campaign , accusing President Obama of failing to live up to his campaign promise of changing the ways of Washington .
Citing a variety of “ special deals ” and “ special interests ” that he said were catered to in the Democrats ’ health care legislation , Mr. McCain said , “ What we got is a process that you and I both said we would change in Washington . ”
Mr. Obama was not going to take it idly .
“ Let me just make this point , John , ” he begain , “ because we are not campaigning any more .
The election is over . ”
With a nervous laugh , Mr. McCain shot back , “ I am reminded of that every day . ”
Mr. Obama is laying out how much time Congressional Democrats spent on health care legislation over the last year in forums and hearings and floor debate .
Mr. McCain , however , would not relent about the special interests .
“ The American people care about what we did and how we did it , ” he said .
But Mr. Obama closed the door on the exchange .
“ Yes they do , ” he said .
“ We can have a debate about process or we can have a debate about how we are going to help the American people at this point . ”
Representative George Miller , Democrat of California , is explaining how private insurance companies deny coverage , particularly by citing pre-existing medical conditions .
And Mr. Miller offered himself up as Exhibit A , noting that he has two artificial hips , arthritis and a kidney stone .
If he had to shop for insurance on the individual market , Mr. Miller said , “ I ’m dead . ”
Mr. Miller is also pointing out the limitations of high - risk insurance pools , one of the core components of the Republicans ’ step - by - step alternative approach , noting that anyone who enters a high - risk pools , which tend to provide expensive coverage , has little or no chance of obtaining any other type of coverage .
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Mr. Miller ’s points were all solid , and no Republican expressed any objection to anything he said .
But Mr. Miller can also rest easy about his own coverage .
He ’s not up for re-election until November , meaning his coverage through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program is good at least through the end of his year .
And in May , he will turn 65 and become eligible for Medicare .
President Obama has chastised the Senate Republican whip , Jon Kyl of Arizona , for trying to frame the debate in terms of Democrats trusting Washington to make decisions while Republicans trust American individuals and families .
Mr. Obama called that a “ good talking point ” given the anger directed at Washington these days , but said Mr. Kyl was not getting at the core question of how to make sure that families are protected by decent health insurance .
Mr. Obama then began recounting what he believes to be areas of agreement between Republicans and Democrats on a variety of issues including allowing parents to continue dependent coverage of their adult children through age 25 or 26 , barring insurance companies from suddenly revoking coverage through a process known as “ recission ” and barring insurers from denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions and ending annual and lifetime caps on benefits .
To the extent that Mr. Obama and the Democrats succeed in pointing out where Republicans agree with the Democrats ’ goals , they may be able to undercut the core Republican argument that Democrats need to throw out all the legislation they have done so far and start over .
Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York , laid some of the groundwork for that effort , pointing out that Democrats agree with many of the points made earlier by Senator Tom Coburn , Republican of Oklahoma , and would be glad to include his ideas along with other steps the Democrats have proposed to combat fraud .
Mr. Schumer also pointed to a proposal by Senator Maria Cantwell , Democrat of Washington , included in the Democrats ’ bill that would begin to reward health care providers who consistently provide higher - quality care with higher Medicare payments .
Once again , the president seems to be expressing a little impatience with Republican speakers , most recently Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona , whose remarks included criticisms of the existing bills .
Before allowing the next person to speak , Mr. Obama takes issue with some of the positions outlined by Mr. Kyl on premium costs and interstate purchase of insurance .
Mr. Obama makes up a name for his hypothetical car insurance company — ACME ?
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
The Republican Health “ Fact Check ” team is using the Senate majority leader ’s own words against him on the question of whether Democrats will use a parliamentary move known as budget reconciliation to finalize the health care legislation .
Here ’s their “ Fact Check ” bulletin , citing a blog post from The Hill , a publication that covers Congress .
“ Reid Said … Democrats Would Use The Reconciliation Process .
‘ We ’re Going To Have That Done In The Next 60 Days . ’ ”
“ Democrats will finish their health reform efforts within the next two months by using a majority - vote maneuver in the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said .
Reid said that congressional Democrats would likely opt for a procedural tactic in the Senate allowing the upper chamber to make final changes to its health care bill with only a simple ‘ I ’ve had many conversations this week with the president , his chief of staff , and Speaker Pelosi , ’ Reid said during an appearance Friday evening on ‘ Face to Face with Jon Ralston ’ in Nevada .
‘ And we ’re really trying to move forward on this . ’
The majority leader said that while Democrats have a number of options , they would likely use the budget reconciliation process to pass a series of fixes to the first healthcare bill passed by the Senate in November .
These changes are needed to secure votes for passage of that original Senate bill in the House .
‘ We ’ll do a relatively small bill to take care of what we ’ve already done , ’ Reid said , affirming that Democrats would use the reconciliation process .
‘ We ’re going to have that done in the next 60 days . ’ ” ( “ Reid : Dems Will use 50 - Vote Tactic To Finish Healthcare In 60 Days , ” The Hill ’s Briefing Blog , 2/20/10 )
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Here ’s the transcript of what Mr. Reid said today , responding to Senator Lamar Alexander , Republican of Tennessee , and it is not entirely clear what point he was trying to make .
Clearly , he wanted to note that Republicans have used the reconciliation process in the past , and he seemed to want to say that Democrats do not see reconciliation as the only path forward .
: “ Again , Lamar , you ’re entitled to your opinion but not your own facts .
No one has said — I read what the president has online — no one has talked about reconciliation , but that ’s what you folks have talked about , ever since that came out , as if it ’s something that has never been done before .
Now , we as leaders here , the speaker and I , have not talked about doing reconciliation as the only way out of all of this .
Of course , it ’s not the only way out .
But remember , since 1981 , reconciliation has been used 21 times .
Most of it has been used by Republicans , for major things like much of the Contract for America , Medicare reform , that tax cuts for rich people in America .
So reconciliation is n’t some thing that ’s never been done before .
It ’s as if there ’s a different mindset , a different set of facts than the reality . ”
President Obama and Democrats are finding out that it ’s easier to play offense than defense in the health care arena .
As Senator Tom Coburn , Republican of Oklahoma , urged a greater focus on combating “ waste , fraud and abuse ” he suggested that the Democrats ’ legislation did not address these issues .
And Democrats , including President Obama , could find little to argue with , and could only respond that they generally agreed and had included provisions aimed at those goals in their legislation .
But there is virtually no way in the televised forums for the Democrats to begin reciting the specific provisions that would likely numb the audience if not the participants themselves .
A quick search of the Senate - passed bill finds 85 different mentions of the word “ fraud . ”
Pasted below are excerpts from the Table of Contents of the Senate bill showing some provisions aimed at fraud , and / or improving the integrity of government health care programs .
The list provides just a small example of how there is general agreement on some issues , but also highlights the limits of the summit meeting at Blair House – lawmakers and the president are not in a position to make any particular improvements to any particular provisions in the bill .
They may not even be able to reach agreement on adding or deleting entire chapters .
Subtitle F— Additional Medicaid Program Integrity Provisions
Sec. 6501 .
Termination of provider participation under Medicaid if terminated under Medicare or other State plan .
Sec. 6502 .
Medicaid exclusion from participation relating to certain ownership , control , and management affiliations .
Sec. 6503 .
Billing agents , clearinghouses , or other alternate payees required to register under Medicaid .
Sec. 6504 .
Requirement to report expanded set of data elements under MMIS to detect fraud and abuse .
Sec. 6505 .
Prohibition on payments to institutions or entities located outside of the United States .
Sec. 6506 .
Overpayments .
Sec. 6507 .
Mandatory State use of national correct coding initiative .
Sec. 6508 .
General effective date .
Subtitle G— Additional Program Integrity Provisions
Sec. 6601 .
Prohibition on false statements and representations .
Sec. 6602 .
Clarifying definition .
Sec. 6603 .
Development of model uniform report form .
Sec. 6604 .
Applicability of State law to combat fraud and abuse .
Sec. 6605 .
Enabling the Department of Labor to issue administrative summary cease and desist orders and summary seizures orders against plans that are in financially hazardous condition .
Sec. 6606 .
MEWA plan registration with Department of Labor .
Sec. 6607 .
Permitting evidentiary privilege and confidential communications .
Sec. 10606 .
Health care fraud enforcement .
Sec. 10607 .
State demonstration programs to evaluate alternatives to current medical tort litigation .
Senator Tom Coburn , Republican of Oklahoma , is the first of several doctor - legislators in the room – all on the Republican side – to speak .
And he ’s making the case that Congress should focus first on attacking waste , fraud and abuse in the health care system and offering rewards for effective management of chronic diseases .
“ What I would hope we would do is go back and concentrate on the areas that have the biggest pot of gold for us , ” Mr. Coburn said .
“ We do n’t incentivize prevention .
We do n’t pay rewards for great management of chronic disease .
We have a system throughout the country where we are encouraging lawsuits that are not productive for the country . ”
“ With one out of three dollars not helping everybody , we ought to go where it is , ” Mr. Coburn said .
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Mr. Alexander is challenging Mr. Obama saying the Congressional Budget Office has predicted that premiums in the individual market would rise as a result of the Democrats ’ legislation .
“ No no no , ” Mr. Obama cut him off .
“ The cost for families for the same type of coverage that they are currently receiving would go down 14 to 20 percent , ” the president said .
Mr. Alexander is trying to jump back in and Mr. Obama is using the advantage of being president to hold the floor .
There is no easy way to interrupt the president of the United States .
“ We have tried to take every cost - containment idea that is out there , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ Every health care proposal that economists say will reduce health care costs we have tried to adopt in the various proposals .
There are some additional ideas that Republicans have presented and we think are interesting and we have also tried to include . ”
Mr. Obama is challenging Republicans to discuss those ideas , and talk about how they might be included in the legislation .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , sought to take on Senator Alexander in his opening remarks , repeatedly telling Mr. Alexander , “ You are entitled to your own opinions , but not your own facts . ”
But Mr. Reid seemed to push the bounds of credibility himself when he suggested that Democrats have not been talking about budget reconciliation – the parliamentary maneuver that Democrats are indeed contemplating as a way to move the final health care legislation through the Senate without getting blocked by a Republican filibuster .
Mr. Reid seemed to try to qualify his point , saying that Democrats have not discussed reconciliation as the “ only way ” — but the cameras quickly caught Mr. Alexander with a deeply skeptical look on his face .
President Obama is now addressing Mr. Alexander ’s criticism , saying obviously they disagree but noting that he heard a number of areas of common ground in terms of broad goals .
And he is now introducing the first of four substantive chapters in the forum , focusing on cost control .
Senator Alexander is urging Mr. Obama and Democratic Congressional leaders to renounce the parliamentary maneuver called “ budget reconciliation ” that Democrats are eying as a way to move the final changes to the health care legislation through the Senate without being stopped by a Republican filibuster .
Calling it “ a suggestion and a request about how to make this a bipartisan and truly productive session , ” Mr. Alexander challenged Mr. Obama and the Democrats “ to renounce jamming it through in a partisan way . ”
Otherwise , Mr. Alexander said , borrowing a favorite line of Mr. McConnell , “ The only thing bipartisan will be the opposition to the bill . ”
From the White House pool report , as President Obama and Vice President Joseph R. Biden walked from the White House to Blair House where the meeting is taking place , a reporter shouted out to Mr. Obama , does he have a Plan B if this session does n’t produce results ?
Mr. Obama kept walking , but said , “ I always have plans . ”
The Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , has just announced that he chose Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , to give the Republican opening statement .
It is an interesting choice .
Mr. Alexander is a former governor and one of the more studious members of the Senate , though he has sharpened his political rhetoric since joining the leadership as chairman of the Senate Republican conference .
Mr. Alexander is describing the summit as a visit to the Detroit auto show , where car manufacturers roll out a new model but customers end up unimpressed .
“ That ’s the same model we saw last year , and we did n’t like , ” Mr. Alexander said .
He urged Mr. Obama and the Democrats to scratch all of their proposals and start over .
“ As they say in Detroit , ” Mr. Alexander added , “ We think we have a better idea . ”
Mr. Alexander is warning that the Democrats ’ plan includes too many tax increases and spending cuts on Medicare .
He also criticized a proposed expansion of Medicaid , the federal - state insurance program for low - income Americans .
“ It dumps 15 million to 20 million Americans into a Medicaid program ” he said , noting that many doctors refuse to take new Medicaid patients because the payment rates are too low .
“ It ’s like giving someone a ticket to a bus line where the buses only run half the time , ” he said .
Mr. Alexander is also making clear that Republicans will not offer a comprehensive alternative to Mr. Obama ’s plan and do not intend to propose legislation that would cover more than 30 million people , as the Democrats ’ plan is projected to do .
“ If you are waiting for Mitch McConnell to roll in a wheelbarrow here with a 2,700 page comprehensive bill , it ’s not going to happen , ” he said .
Mr. Alexander also continued his automobile metaphor .
“ This is a car that ca n’t be recalled and fixed and we ought to start over , ” he said of the Democrats ’ plan .
Mr. Obama , as expected , is also stressing the many areas of common ground that exist in various health care proposals that Democrats and Republicans have brought forward over the years – which is true , though the current differences between the parties ’ positions are huge .
“ When I look at the ideas that are out there , there is overlap , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ It ’s not perfect overlap .
It ’s not 100 percent overlap .
But there ’s overlap . ”
He also talked briefly about his own plan unveiled on Monday , saying the White House posted what it thinks is the best blend of the House and the Senate legislation that has already passed .
“ The basic concept is that we would set up an exchange , meaning a place where individuals and small businesses could go and get choice and competition for private health care plans , the same way that members of Congress get choice and competition for their health care plans , ” he said .
“ For people who could n’t afford it , we would provide some subsidies .
But because the pool is larger , the costs we would be smaller , because they would be in a position to negotiate . ”
And as he closed his opening remarks , Mr. Obama allowed for the possibility that at the end of the day the two sides would still be far apart .
“ I do n’t know that those gaps can be bridged , and it may be at the end of the day , we come out of here and say , ‘ Well , we have some honest differences . ’ ”
Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
The health care summit is under way , and President Obama is framing his remarks in the context of economic recovery and the challenges that health care costs pose for individuals , families , small businesses and the federal government .
He has also shared some personal insights , recalling times when he sat in the emergency room to get treatment for family members , including his daughter , Sasha , who had meningitis as a baby .
“ I remember thinking while sitting in the emergency room , what would have happened if I did n’t have reliable health care , ” the president asked .
Dealing with Congress can often make people feel like they are walking in circles and that ’s how Mr. Obama began the morning , walking in a big square actually around the conference table to shake hands with all the participants .
But then he told everyone to have a seat , and there was a chuckle in the room as Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. seemed to stumble to his chair next to the president .
Mr. Obama said it was crucial for the country to begin confronting long - term challenges .
“ This is an issue that is affecting everybody , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ It ’s affecting not only those without insurance but it is effecting those with insurance
When you talk to every single expert , and when you talk to ordinary people and to businesses , everybody understands the problem is not getting better , it ’s getting worse . ”
Earlier this morning , we framed the debate and outlined what to expect and to watch for during today ’s health care summit .
We ’ll be updating events in this post as the meeting gets under way , so stayed tuned .
BAINBRIDGE TOWNSHIP , Ohio -- John Toth Sr. visited his wife 's grave in the Restland Cemetery every day since she died .
His most recent visit proved to be his last .
A snow plow driver found the body of the 91 - year - old man in a snow bank Thursday morning .
Bainbridge Police Chief Jim Jimison said Toth apparently was visiting the grave of his wife , Alice , as he had since her death in the late 1990s .
His car became stuck at the cemetery during a recent visit and he apparently tried to walk to Ohio 306 , but collapsed .
Jimison suspects the man suffered a heart attack , died and was covered by falling snow .
Officials are trying to determine how long
Toth had been dead when he was found by the plow driver , who spotted a boot sticking out of a snow pile , police said .
Rouse the villages , tell them to bring torches !
A 101 - year - old woman in China has baffled doctors after growing a huge goat - like horn on her forehead .
" [ At first ] we did n't pay too much attention to it , " said Mrs Zhang 's youngest son Zhang Guozheng .
Cutaneous horns are made up of keratin -- the protein found in fingernails -- and are typically seen in elderly people who have had prolonged exposure to sunlight .
" Now something is also growing on the right side of her forehead -- it 's quite possible that it 's another horn . "
Dude if she grows a horn on the other side there 's no way in hell ( ! ) you can tell me she 's not demon - spawn .
Shoot , even with just the one I 'm convinced .
Now , start collecting dry branches .
Hit the jump for two more shots , at least of which kinda looks like a bad pickle .
Woman grows 6 cm horn on forehead [ 9news ]
Thanks to Ross , who , NO YOU CAN'T KEEP THE HORN AFTERWARD , WHAT THE HELL'S THE MATTER WITH YOU ?!
It 's mine .
There is an almost invisible war going on between Intel and AMD .
It 's the game of who is defining the new additions to the x86 instruction set .
This war has been going on behind the scenes for years without being noticed by the majority IT professionals .
Most programmers do n't care what is going on at the machine code level , so they can't see all the ridiculous consequences that this war has .
Those working with virtualization may have noticed that Intel and AMD processors are incompatible when it comes to virtualization software , but this is only one of the more visible consequences of the conflict .
Some important battles Traditionally , Intel has been the market leader , defining the instruction set for each new generation of microprocessors : 8086 , 80186 , 80286 , 80386 , etc .
Each new instruction set is a superset of the previous one so that the backwards compatibility is maintained .
Intel 's main competitor , AMD , has tried several times to gain the lead by defining their own extensions to the x86 instruction set .
In 1998 , AMD was the first to introduce Single - Instruction - Multiple - Data ( SIMD ) instructions in their so - called 3DNow instruction set .
Intel never supported the 3DNow instructions .
Instead , they introduced the SSE instruction set a few years later .
SSE does essentially the same thing as 3DNow , but with a larger register size .
Clearly , Intel had won and AMD had to support SSE because it was better than 3DNow .
In 2001 , Intel launched their first 64 - bit processor named Itanium with a new parallel instruction set .
Instead of accepting the new Itanium instruction set , AMD developed their own 64 - bit instruction set which - unlike the Itanium - was backwards compatible with the x86 instruction set .
The market favored the backwards compatibility so AMD won this time and Intel had to support the AMD64 , or x86 - 64 , instruction set in their next processor .
The next important battle is going on right now .
It 's about instructions with more than two operands .
The industry has recognized a need for fused multiply - and - add instructions ( e.g. : D=A * B+C ) and several other instructions with more than two operands .
The current coding scheme supports only instructions with two operands , so a new coding scheme has to be invented in order to support instructions with more than two operands .
AMD came first with a proposal .
In August 2007 , AMD announced a future instruction set called SSE5 with a new coding scheme .
The early disclosure of AMD 's intentions was a break with the previous policy where both companies had kept their intentions secret as long as possible .
Intel 's reply came in April 2008 with an early ( probably premature ) disclosure of their planned AVX instruction set .
Intel 's AVX coding scheme was much more flexible and future - oriented than AMD 's SSE5 scheme , as I argued in a public discussion forum .
Most importantly , the AVX scheme has room for future extensions of the size of the SIMD vector registers , while the SSE5 scheme has little room for any future extensions .
It was pretty obvious that Intel had won this time , and thanks to the early disclosure of Intel 's AVX instructions , it was not too late for AMD to change their plans .
In May 2009 , AMD published a revision of their plans where they modified the coding scheme for better compatibility with AVX .
In addition to a full support of AVX , the revised AMD plan contains most of the original SSE5 instructions under the new name XOP and with the new coding scheme .
Unfortunately , Intel had changed their plans in the meantime !
In December 2008 , Intel published a revision of their plans which involved a change of the coding of the fused multiply - and - add ( FMA ) instructions .
Now it was too late for AMD to change their design once more , so the first AMD processors with FMA will follow the premature Intel specification rather than Intel 's later revision .
It is difficult to obtain compatibility when you are following a moving target .
Can our software deal with incompatible CPUs ?
Software programmers may expect the compilers and software libraries to take care of all the intricacies of instruction sets for them .
And the obvious way to deal with incompatible instruction sets is to make multiple branches of the code .
Ideally , you would have one branch of code optimized for the latest Intel instruction set , another branch for the latest AMD instruction set , and one or more branches for older CPUs with older instruction sets .
The software should detect which CPU it is running on and then choose the appropriate version of the code .
This is called CPU dispatching .
If the compiler can put a CPU dispatching mechanism into your code then you do n't have to care about incompatible instruction sets - or do you ?
The only compiler I have found that has such a feature for automatic CPU dispatching is Intel 's compiler .
The Intel compiler can put a CPU dispatcher into your code so that it checks which instruction set ( SSE , SSE2 , SSE3 , etc. ) is supported by the CPU and chooses a branch of code that is optimized for that instruction set - but only as long as it is running on an Intel CPU !
It refuses to choose the optimal branch if the CPU does n't have the " GenuineIntel " mark , even if the non-Intel CPU if fully compatible with the optimized code .
And who would want to sell a software package that works poorly on AMD and VIA processors ?
The situation is only slightly better when it comes to software libraries .
Most compilers are equipped with libraries of standard functions , or you can use third party libraries .
Some of the best optimized software libraries are published by Intel , but again they are optimized for Intel processors , and some of the functions work sub - optimally or not at all on non-Intel processors .
AMD also publishes software libraries , and the AMD libraries work well on Intel processors , but of course the AMD libraries do n't have a code branch that is optimized for instructions that are only available on Intel processors .
There are many other libraries available , but they are typically less optimized and have little or no CPU dispatching .
The GNU people are beginning to build a - long overdue - CPU dispatch mechanism into the GNU C library .
The GNU library is open source , and of course it must support all x86 CPUs .
But this work is done mostly by an Intel guy who has his natural focus on the latest Intel instruction sets and who has so far tested his improvements mainly on Intel processors .
The best optimized code branches will work on AMD and VIA processors only with a few years delay when AMD and VIA have copied the Intel instruction sets into their processors .
I am not aware of any AMD people contributing the GNU C library .
Of course , a programmer can make his own CPU dispatching , but this is a lot of work .
The programmer would have to identify the most critical part of his program and divide it into multiple branches .
There is no AMD compiler for Windows , so we would have to use assembly code or intrinsic functions to take advantage of AMD - specific instructions in Windows software .
Each branch has to be tested separately on different computers .
And the maintenance of the code will be a nightmare .
Every change in the code has to be implemented in each branch separately and tested on a separate computer .
The disadvantages of CPU dispatching are clear .
It makes the code bigger , and it is so costly in terms of development time and maintenance costs that it is almost never done in a way that adequately optimizes for all brands of CPUs .
The convoluted evolution of the x86 instruction set Historically , AMD and other companies have copied almost all instructions that Intel have invented in order to maintain compatibility , but they have always lagged a few years behind because of the long development process .
On the other side , Intel have never copied the instructions of other companies , except for the x86 - 64 instructions .
For example , AMD were the first to make a prefetch instruction .
When Intel made a prefetch instruction shortly after , they used a different code for essentially the same instruction , and AMD had to support the Intel code as well .
Likewise , VIA / Centaur were first to make an x86 instruction for AES encryption .
Several years later , Intel made a different instruction for the same purpose .
This asymmetry , which is due to Intel 's market dominance , has forced software developers to use Intel instructions rather than AMD or VIA instructions when they want compatibility .
The current x86 instruction set is the result of a long evolution which has involved many short - sighted decisions and patches .
An instruction is coded as one or more bytes of eight bits each .
On the original 8086 processor , all instructions had a single byte indicating the type of instruction , possibly followed by one or more bytes indicating the operands ( registers , memory operands , or constants ) .
There are 28 = 256 possible single - byte codes , which soon turned out to be insufficient .
When all 256 byte codes were used up , Intel had to discard a never - used instruction code ( 0 F = POP CS ) and use it as an escape code for 256 new two - byte codes of 0 F followed by another byte ( A byte is written as two hexadecimal digits , i.e. 00 - FF ) .
As you may already have predicted , this new space of 256 two - byte codes eventually became filled up too .
The logical thing to do now would be to sacrifice another unused code to open up another page of 256 two - byte codes .
In fact , there are three undocumented instruction codes that could have been sacrificed for this purpose , but this never happened .
Instead they started to make three - byte codes .
The problem with discarding the undocumented codes is that these codes actually do something .
Not anything important that can't be done just as well with other codes , but at least it is possible to make a program that uses the undocumented instructions .
From a technical point of view , it would have been perfectly acceptable to discard the undocumented codes .
These codes are not supported by any compiler or assembler .
If any programmer is stupid enough to use an undocumented code , which he has no good reason to do , then he cannot expect his program to work on future processors .
But the marketing logic is different .
If company X makes a CPU that does n't support the undocumented instruction codes , then company Y could make an advertising campaign saying that Y CPUs are compatible with all legacy software , X CPUs are not .
The incompatible software might be old , obscure and useless pieces of code written by reckless programmers with no respect for compatibility issues , but the marketing argument would still be theoretically true .
The problem with the overcrowded instruction code space has been dealt with from time to time by several workarounds and patches .
Today , there are far more than a thousand different instruction codes , and many of them use complicated combinations of escape codes , prefix bytes , and postfix bytes to distinguish the different instructions .
This makes instructions longer than necessary and , more importantly , it makes the decoding of the instructions complicated .
To understand why instruction decoding is critical , we have to look at how superscalar processors are working today .
A modern microprocessor can execute several instructions simultaneously if it has enough execution units and if it can find enough logically independent instructions in the instruction queue .
Executing three , four or five instructions simultaneously is not unusual .
The limit is not the execution units , which we have plenty of , but the instruction decoder .
The length of an instruction can be anywhere from one to fifteen bytes .
If we want to decode several instructions simultaneously , then we have a serious problem .
We have to know the length of the first instruction before we know where the second instruction begins .
So we can't decode the second instruction before we have decoded the first instruction .
The decoding is a serial process by nature , and it takes a lot of hardware to be able to decode multiple instructions per clock cycle .
In other words , the decoding of instructions can be a serious bottleneck , and it becomes worse the more complicated the instruction codes are .
The new VEX scheme makes the process a little simpler , but we still have to maintain compatibility with the complicated legacy code schemes with all their escape sequences and prefix bytes .
Who owns the codes that are available for future instructions ?
As explained above , there is a limited number of unused code bytes available for new instructions .
Both Intel , AMD and VIA want to use some of these codes for their new instructions .
How is this conflict handled , and how are the vacant codes divided between the competing vendors ?
We may assume that there are negotiations going on about this , but no public information is available .
We can only look at the results and try to guess what has been going on behind the scenes .
Judging from which codes are actually used by each company , it looks like Intel has the upper hand in this conflict .
The 256 possible codes of the two - byte instruction code space ( 0 F xx ) is divided as follows between the three vendors : Number of codes Value after 0F Assigned to Used for Subdivided 2 0D , 0E AMD 3DNow 1 0F AMD 3DNow by suffix byte 4 24 , 25 , 7A , 7B AMD SSE5 by another escape byte 2 A6 , A7 VIA Instructions by reg bits 2 38 , 3A Intel SSSE3 , SSE4 by another escape byte 2 39 , 3B Intel for future use by another escape byte 6 19 - 1E reserved hint instructions 11 04 , 0A , 0C , 26 , 27 ,
36 , 3C , 3D , 3E , 3F , FF unused 226 All other Intel used
As you can see , only a small fraction of the code space is used for instructions introduced by AMD and VIA .
It gets worse when we look at the code space defined by the VEX coding scheme .
This scheme has room for 216 = 65536 instructions , so there is plenty of room for future instructions without adding extra prefix or suffix bytes .
Yet , AMD has not used any of this code space for their new XOP instruction set .
Instead , they have made another coding scheme which is very similar to the VEX scheme , but beginning with the byte 8 F , where the VEX code begins with C4 or C5 .
We can only speculate whether the AMD engineers have asked Intel for permission to use part of the huge VEX space and got a no , or whether they have given up beforehand .
All we know is that there are disadvantages to using a different coding scheme .
The bytes that follow after C4 or C5 in the VEX scheme are coded in a special ingenious way in order to avoid clashing with existing instructions .
It is not possible to use exactly the same method with the XOP scheme beginning with 8 F , hence there are small differences between the XOP scheme and the VEX scheme .
It would have been possible to make the two schemes identical if AMD had used the initial byte 62 instead of 8 F for the XOP scheme , but perhaps Intel have reserved the 62 code for future use .
Arguably , it would be possible to use the codes D4 and D5 as well , though with some extra complications .
The small differences between Intel 's VEX scheme and AMD 's XOP scheme adds an extra complication to the instruction decoder in the CPU .
This reduces the likelihood that Intel will copy any of the XOP instructions .
If it turns out that some of AMD 's XOP instructions are so useful that the software industry will ask Intel to copy them , then we may fear that Intel will choose a VEX encoding for these instructions rather than making their code compatible with AMD's .
The free competition
The x86 instruction set reflects a mechanism that is typical for technical evolution in a free market .
One company makes one solution , another company makes another solution , and the market forces decide which solution will be most popular .
A de facto standard evolves when one solution goes out of the market and everybody adopts the other solution .
So far , so good .
But the " market " for x86 instructions differs from other technical markets by the fact that all inventions are irreversible .
We have seen that the microprocessor vendors keep supporting even the oldest obsolete or undocumented instructions for marketing reasons , even when the technical advantage of backwards compatibility is negligible compared to the costs .
Intel keeps supporting the old undocumented instructions of the original 8086 processor , and AMD keeps supporting the 3DNow instructions that hardly any programmer uses because the market forces have replaced them with the better SSE instructions .
The costs of supporting obsolete instructions is not negligible .
You need large execution units to support a large number of instructions .
This means more silicon space , longer data paths , more power consumption , and slower execution .
The total number of x86 instructions is well above one thousand .
One may ask whether there is a technical need for such a large number of instructions or if some instructions have been added more for marketing reasons than for technical utility .
We need an open standardization process
The free competition on the microprocessor market has certainly been good for the price and performance of CPUs , but it has not been good for the compatibility .
We are in a situation where different companies are competing to invent new instructions and keeping their ideas secret from each other and from their costumers as long as possible .
It is clear that the problems discussed above cannot be solved optimally without some kind of regulation and coordination .
We need an open standardization committee or at least some form of public deliberation to define new instructions and decide how they are coded .
The current situation with unregulated competition and secret development fails to address the following issues : Unfair competition .
The market often favors Intel instructions rather than AMD or VIA instructions for compatibility reasons .
The latter companies can only copy new Intel instructions with a delay of a few years .
AMD does not have access to a fair share of the opcode space to use for their innovations .
Historically , AMD has used small corners of the opcode space to avoid the risk that Intel might assign another instruction to the same code .
There is no part of the huge VEX opcode space that AMD can safely use without permission from Intel .
Technical incompatibility .
AMD , Intel and VIA are assigning different codes to identical or equivalent instructions because each keep their innovations secret for as long as possible .
It is so expensive for the software industry to make multiple versions of their software that hardly anybody does so .
Short - sighted solutions .
The history of the evolution of the x86 instruction set is full of shortsighted decisions that are sub -optimal in a long term perspective .
For example , when the vector registers were extended from MMX to XMM , there was no plan for how to handle the predictable future extension to YMM .
If such a plan had been made then we would n't need the complexity today of having two versions of every XMM instruction ( one that zero-extends into the YMM register and one that leaves the upper part of the register unchanged ) .
A standardization committee or public forum would be more likely to include long - term planning .
Sub -optimal solutions .
Some instructions could be implemented better at no extra costs .
For example , the PANDN and PALIGNR instructions would be more efficient if the two operands were swapped .
A public discussion would have corrected such lapses before it was too late .
Feedback from users is always too late .
When a new instruction set is published , there is often public criticism , but then it is too late to change anything .
The secrecy around innovations makes it impossible to involve the larger software community in the decision making process .
PR considerations often have more weight than technical considerations .
Currently , we have far more than a thousand instructions in the x86 instruction set .
This is more than any programmer can memorize .
It would be better to have fewer instructions and make each instruction more flexible so that it would cover more applications .
But there is an obvious PR value in announcing that the newest processor has a bazillion new instructions .
The weird and sometimes deliberately misleading names of the instruction set extensions are obviously decided by PR people rather than by technicians .
Backwards compatibility is taken too far .
Today 's microprocessors are still supporting even the most obscure undocumented instructions of the first 8086 processor from thirty years ago , while operating systems sometimes fail to support software that is five years old .
There is no technical reason for this , only a PR reason .
The cost of supporting undocumented and obsolete instructions is actually quite high because they take up space in the overcrowded opcode map .
If the undocumented codes had been eliminated then all instructions in the SSSE3 and SSE4 instruction sets would have a one - byte escape code rather than a two - bytes escape code .
Inability to declare anything obsolete .
There are many things in the x86 instruction set that needs to be cleaned up and sanitized , which an unregulated market is unable to do .
A standardization committee could declare that standards - compliant software should not use a certain feature .
Support for this feature could then be removed after e.g. ten years .
For example , the x87 register stack is clearly obsolete .
If the standard says , do n't use x87 and MMX registers , then we could replace all x87 instructions by emulation after a number of years .
It is quite costly in terms of silicon space and performance to support the x87 instructions .
Some processors even have an extra stage in the pipeline only for rotating the x87 register stack .
The evolution of the x86 instruction set has many dead ends which are never eliminated .
When two different companies invent two different solutions to the same problem , then the market is likely to favor one solution while the other becomes a dead end .
However , the company that introduced the solution that happened to become a dead end will keep supporting it in all future for marketing reasons , regardless of the technical costs .
My conclusion is that we need an open standardization committee or a public forum to discuss proposed additions and changes to the x86 instruction set and define an open standard .
This committee or forum should of course involve representatives from the hardware vendors as well as the software industry , engineering organizations , standardization organizations , university scientists and consumer organizations .
I think it is unlikely that Intel will voluntarily submit to such a standardization initiative because they have a competitive advantage in the current situation .
A considerable pressure from outside is needed .
This pressure could come from the software industry , from governments , political organizations , legal rulings , academic organizations , or from debates in public media .
As a beginning , I hereby invite all interested persons to discuss these issues in various media and public forums .
Links Original discussion of these issues on AMD developer forums AMD and Intel incompatible - What to do ?
Discussion of AVX versus SSE5 on Aceshardware forum Intel AVX kills AMD SSE5
Same on Real World Technologies forum Intel AVX kills AMD SSE5
My C++ manual , discussing CPU dispatching and fixing the Intel CPU dispatcher Optimizing software in C ++
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
“ THE forces pulling China toward integration and openness are more powerful today than ever before , ” said President Bill Clinton in 1999 .
China then , though battered by the Asian financial crisis , was busy dismantling state - owned enterprises and pushing for admission to the World Trade Organisation .
Today , however , those forces look much weaker .
A spate of recent events , from the heavy jail sentences passed on human - rights activists to an undiplomatic obduracy at the climate - change negotiations in Copenhagen last December , invite questions about the thinking of China 's leaders .
Has their view of the outside world and dissent at home changed ?
Or were the forces detected by Mr Clinton and so many others after all not pulling so hard in the direction they were expecting ?
The early years of what China calls its “ reform and opening ” after 1978 were marked by cycles of liberalisation and repression .
The turning - points were usually marked by political crisis : dissent on the streets , leadership struggles , or both .
Now , however , the only big protest movements are repressed ones among ethnic minorities in Tibet and Xinjiang .
China 's big cities are hardly roiled by political turmoil .
By the time Liu Xiaobo , an academic , was sentenced to 11 years in prison in December , dissident debate surrounding the reform manifesto he had issued a year earlier had long subsided .
Yet it was the heaviest - known penalty imposed on any activist for “ inciting subversion ” since such a crime was written into law in 1997 .
China has so far survived the global economic downturn with hardly any of the agitation many once feared it might cause among unemployed workers or jobless university graduates .
The economy grew at a very robust - sounding 8.7 % last year and is predicted by many to be on course for similar growth in 2010 .
Sweeping changes are due in the senior leadership in 2012 and 2013 , including the replacement of President Hu Jintao and of the prime minister , Wen Jiabao .
But if a struggle is brewing , signs of it are hard to spot .
An unusually high - profile campaign against organised crime by the party chief of Chongqing municipality , Bo Xilai , has raised eyebrows .
Some speculate that it is part of a bid by Mr Bo , who is a Politburo member , to whip up popular support for his promotion to the Politburo 's all - powerful Standing Committee in 2012 .
An online poll by an official website chose Mr Bo as the “ most inspiring voice ” of 2009 .
But Andrew Nathan of Columbia University in New York does not see this as a challenge to the expected shoo - in for Xi Jinping , the vice - president , as China 's next leader , despite Mr Xi's failure last year to garner the leading military post analysts thought would form part of his grooming .
Li Keqiang , a deputy prime minister , still looks set to take over from Mr Wen in 2013 .
Against this backdrop of political stability and economic growth , the most credible interpretation of the government 's recent hard line is that the forces pushing its leaders towards greater liberalisation at home and sympathetic engagement with the West are weaker than had been hoped .
Nor is there any sign that the next generation of leaders see their mission differently .
As Russell Leigh Moses , a Beijing - based political analyst , puts it : “ The argument in policy - making circles where reform is concerned is ‘ how much more authoritarian should we be ? ' not ‘ how do we embark on Western - style democracy ? ' ”
Tough though the recent sentences of activists have been , they are hardly out of keeping with the leadership 's approach to dissent in recent years .
This has involved giving a bit of leeway to freethinking individuals , but occasionally punishing those seen as straying too far .
Since late last year two activists have been jailed in an apparent attempt to deter people from organising the parents of children killed in shoddily built schools during an earthquake in Sichuan province in 2008 .
But another critic of the government 's handling of the parents ' grievances , Ai Weiwei , remains free in Beijing and just as outspoken .
The coming months are unlikely to see much change .
Despite boasting of their country 's resilience in the face of the global economic crisis , China 's leaders still appear jittery .
Mr Wen has forecast that 2010 will see “ even greater complexity in the domestic and international situation ” .
China 's security chief , Zhou Yongkang , in a speech published this week said the task of maintaining social stability “ was still extremely onerous ” .
Some Chinese economists worry out loud that China 's massive stimulus - spending might have bought the country only a temporary reprieve .
Bubbles , they fret , are forming in property markets , inflationary pressure is building up and reforms needed to promote sustained growth ( including measures to promote urbanisation ) are not being carried out fast enough .
Occasionally , even the government 's worst nightmare is mooted as a possibility : stagflation .
A combination of fast - rising prices and low growth might indeed be enough to send protesters on to the streets .
Abroad , Chinese leaders are struggling to cope with what they feel to be an accelerated shift in the global balance of power , in China 's favour .
This has resulted in what Mr Moses describes as behaviour ranging from “ strutting to outright stumbling ” .
They reacted with oratorical fury in January , when America announced a $ 6.4 billion arms deal with Taiwan .
But while pandering to popular nationalism at home , they remain aware of China 's limitations .
This week China allowed an American aircraft - carrier to pay a port call to Hong Kong , just a day before President Obama was due to defy grim warnings and meet the Dalai Lama in Washington .
Chinese leaders can be confident that the plight of dissidents and the ever - louder grumbles of foreign businessmen over the barriers they face in China will not keep the world away .
From May China will be visited by a series of foreign leaders going to the World Expo in Shanghai .
Among the first will be France 's president , Nicolas Sarkozy , much reviled by Chinese nationalists for his stance on Tibet .
China sees the Expo , like the 2008 Beijing Olympics , as a chance to flaunt its strength .
But , as Mr Clinton noted of China in 1999 , “ a tight grip is actually a sign of a weak hand ” .
When screenwriter Daniel Turkewitz was working on a script about astronauts struggling to survive in crisis conditions , he enlisted a veteran astronaut as a consultant .
That worked so well that when Turkewitz began his new project , a script about Maine seceding from the Union to join Canada , he decided to enlist an expert on the legal niceties of secession .
In other words , he decided to enlist a Supreme Court Justice .
Eight out of nine justices ( plus retired Justice Sandra Day O’Connor ) ignored Turkewitz ’s inquiry about what would happen if a secession case were to reach the Supreme Court .
Rather astonishingly , however , Justice Scalia responded with the following letter , which Turkewitz ’s brother Eric posted on his blog this week :
Now , as Eric Turkewitz observes , Scalia ( not for the first time ) might be expressing a minority opinion here .
By coincidence , exactly the same question was discussed just a week ago over at the Volokh Conspiracy , where Eugene Volokh suggests that a 144 year old military victory could well be considered something short of a definitive resolution of a constitutional issue .
A grateful hat tip to Jon Shea , who called my attention to this remarkable story in a comment to an earlier post .
Have you ever wanted to build your own minicomputer , but felt restricted by the available selection of microprocessors ?
You may remember Magic - 1 , the awesome homebrew CPU from the 2007 Maker Faire Bay Area , but were perhaps a little disappointed at the amount of available documentation at the time .
Magic - 1 creator ( and Google engineer ) Bill Buzbee has recently updated his Web site to include detailed information on schematics , architecture , as well as his build diaries if you 're interested in constructing a similar machine on your own .
Magic - 1 is composed of 74 Series TTL ( transistor - transistor logic ) integrated circuits , the chips that were used to build early minicomputers and mainframes .
By wrapping thousands of wires by hand , Buzbee connected hundreds of these low - level logic chips to make a functioning minicomputer running at a blistering speed of 4.09 MHz with 4 MB of memory .
How about an operating system and software ?
Would any OS run on this custom architecture ?
Buzbee 's CPU runs the Minix 2 operating system ; Minix did n't work on Magic - 1 out - of - the - box , so Buzbee dedicated several years to porting Minix to his homebrew CPU .
In addition , Buzbee also had to write an assembler and linker from scratch , and port C libraries to Magic - 1 .
This proved to be quite the programming challenge : as Buzbee put it , " when the bug you 're trying to track down could involve one or more of : hardware design flaw , loose or broken wire , loose or bad TTL chip , assembler bug , linker bug , compiler bug , C runtime library bug , or finally a bug in the program in question there 's lot of opportunity for fun . "
What do you do with a Minix - running microprocessor made out of logic gates and handwrapped wire ?
Serve webpages and play games on it , of course !
Magic - 1 acts as a webserver as well as a host for a variety of games .
Telnet into Magic - 1 via telnet :// magic -1.org with the username " guest " and the password " magic " , then bask in the retro glory of The Colossal Cave Adventure , Eliza , Conway 's Life , or Hunt the Wumpus .
[ Homebrew CPU via Make ]
Follow GeekTech on Twitter or Facebook .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Jason bounces microwaves off the sea surface to measure ocean height Europe has committed to build the next Jason altimeter spacecraft to monitor the behaviour of the world 's oceans .
The decision should guarantee the continuation of a remarkable 18 - year record of sea-surface shape until late in the decade .
It is the Jason series that has traced the recent steady rise in global sea level by about 3 mm per year .
The data has become invaluable to oceanographers , weather forecasters and climatologists .
Eumetsat , which looks after Europe 's meteorological satellites , has indicated that its member states will now meet their 25 % share of the 252m - euro ( $ 380 m ; £ 228 m ) project .
Most of the rest of the mission cost is being borne by the US and France , with the latter providing the spacecraft bus , or chassis , through Thales Alenia Space .
Jason - 3 should launch in 2013 , allowing time to cross -check its data in orbit with the current Jason - 2 observatory .
Only by flying the pair in tandem for a period of months can scientists minimise calibration errors between the two satellites ' datasets .
Deep insight Knowing ocean surface elevation has many and varied applications , both short - term and long - term .
Just as surface air pressure reveals what the atmosphere is doing up above , so ocean height will betray details about the behaviour of water down below .
These measurements are critical to monitoring the effects of climate change and to safe exploitation of the marine environment
Lord Drayson , UK science minister
The data gives clues to temperature and salinity .
When combined with gravity information , it will also indicate current direction and speed .
The oceans store vast amounts of heat from the Sun ; and how they move that energy around the globe and interact with the atmosphere are what drive key elements of our weather and the climate system .
One of Jason 's key roles right now is to monitor the progress of the El Nino phenomenon , which sees an eastward shift in warm water across the central Pacific Ocean .
The movement is evident to Jason in an anomalous rise in sea surface height of a metre or more as the changes in temperature make the ocean bulge .
El Nino has a profound influence on global weather systems , altering - often quite dramatically - precipitation patterns .
Clear trends
Although a number of space altimetry missions are now flying , it is Jason that provides the global reference against which all other ocean topography datasets are matched .
The concern in the Earth observation community was that the global financial crisis might limit European nations ' ability to fund Jason - 3 .
El Nino 's warm waters ( red ) make the ocean surface bulge The EU , the European Space Agency and Eumetsat all have the goal to use space to obtain the " essential climate variables " - to acquire the key pieces of information that reveal the true state of the planet .
This requires that satellites gather continuous , cross-calibrated , long - term datasets .
With the initiation of Jason - 3 , there is a good chance that the ocean topography sequence started in 1992 will now be maintained .
In addition , agencies have already started discussions about a " Jason Continuity " mission ; a Jason - 4 , in essence .
This would probably see an altimeter put on a spacecraft bus similar to the one being used on the forthcoming Cryosat mission .
Cryosat is set to launch at the end of this month to gather information about the state of the Earth 's ice fields .
British support Eumetsat had hoped to make an announcement on Jason - 3 after its council meeting in December , but a number of member states indicated that they wanted more time to organise their subscriptions .
One of those nations was the UK , which is the second largest contributor to the Eumetsat budget .
Scientists hope data from Cryosat will show where Arctic ice is melting fastest Britain has now come forward with a full commitment ( based on the relative size of its economy ) to the programme over nine years of 10.3 m euros ( £ 9 m ) .
Most of that money will be fed through the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills .
" The UK contribution is vital to the future of the Jason series and the crucial data it provides on sea-surface height across the globe , and we are committed to the Jason - 3 satellite , " said Science Minister Lord Drayson .
" These measurements are critical to monitoring the effects of climate change and to safe exploitation of the marine environment .
The government is determined to ensure the programme continues to deliver these to researchers for years to come as we strive to tackle global warming . "
Only France , as a co-lead nation on Jason , will be putting more into the Eumetsat part of the programme .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The city government of Seattle has declared 2010 the Year of Urban Agriculture .
The program , developed through the Department of Neighborhoods , aims to make locally - grown produce affordable and available to as many of Seattle ’s diverse residents as possible , while supporting the urban and exurban farmers who grow it .
New zoning laws will allow backyard farmers greater flexibility in what they grow and raise on residential property , and a bold pilot program is in place to create ten urban farms inside Seattle city limits .
This initiative is just the latest stride for a city that has long been the pacesetter for sustainability in the American Northwest .
As a transplant to Seattle I was immediately impressed by the vigor of the city ’s farmers ’ markets , where a variety of SNAP and senior public benefit programs give struggling families access to the healthiest food for the lowest cost .
Before moving to the Rain City , I spent four years in Egypt–one of the oldest farming societies on Planet Earth–so I was spoiled by a superabundance of locally grown food sold in open air markets , something I missed intensely when I returned to the US and was confronted once again by supermarkets .
Luckily , I landed in a good spot for a local - food buff .
Seattle ’s city government has big plans for small farms .
“ I ’ve always believed that food is a critical part of building a sustainable society , ” says Councilman Richard Conlin , the point man on City Council for the Year of Urban Ag .
A proponent of the Local Food Action Initiative , Conlin is full of enthusiasm for the improvements the city council is making to zoning laws to benefit backyard farmers .
“ You ’re permitted to keep goats in Seattle , ” he said when I brought up the zoning difficulties urban farmers have faced in places like Kansas City .
“ Chickens as well .
In fact , this year we will clarify existing laws by increasing the number of chickens you ’re allowed to keep .
Right now they ’re classified as a small domestic animal , limiting the permissible number of animals to three , which is obviously hard to do when it comes to chickens .
So we ’re moving them to a separate category . ”
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
Additionally , laws regulating planting strips in front of residential buildings will be clarified to legalize growing and selling produce .
Though raised beds will still require a city permit , residents can plant the grass strips in front of their homes with summer squash and tomatoes to their hearts ’ content–and sell what they harvest .
The most ambitious aspect of the Year of Urban Agriculture , however , will be the establishment of new urban farms in Seattle .
“ The pilot program allows ten live - in buildings to be constructed with flexibility in the land - use code , ” says Conlin , “ This will allow us to evaluate what regulations need to be changed or established to support sustainable farming in an urban setting . ”
While many of the benefits of urban agriculture are intangible –improvements to public health and quality of life , along with a lighter carbon footprint –there are measurable financial perks as well .
Aside from creating sustainable jobs in Seattle , the urban ag program aims to help protect the small farms in eastern King County that supply many of the city ’s farmers ’ markets .
By strengthening the relationship between urban and rural communities , the program hopes to expand the local food market , spurring more Seattlites to get their produce from King County farms .
There are encouraging signs that Seattle ’s urban agricultural projects may be repeated in cities across the US .
“ The Local Food Action Initiative has been presented at several different conferences , ” says Conlin .
“ I spoke at the Green Festival last year and got a lot of positive feedback .
This is an issue that people are becoming increasingly aware of , and there ’s a lot of interest in a fresh approach to food production and community wellness . ”
Thanks to plentiful rainfall and rich volcanic soil , Seattle is the sort of place where you can drop a seed on the ground and wake up to a garden .
By putting the city ’s natural and human resources to work together , the Year of Urban Agriculture promises to make the best use of both .
Photo : Seattle Market Gardens
In the annals of American liberalism , a ( very ) few years in our history stand out enough that the mere mention of the year summons a waterfall of images and emotions – 1933 means the start of the New Deal and the birth of modern liberalism , 1964 means the passage of the civil rights act , 1965 means the passage of universal healthcare for the elderly .
Now , in the wake of this morning 's narrow margin in the House of Representatives , 2010 joins that short list : the year we finally passed major healthcare reform after a century of trying .
It is a monumental accomplishment .
The story of that century of failure is a story of multiple plots and subplots , but at its heart the story is about the tension in American society between the individual and the community – whether we are just a loose confederation of individuals who should be left alone to pursue self interest , or something more than that , a community of citizens with mutual ties and obligations .
I know that sounds awfully highfalutin and philosophical , but it 's precisely what the healthcare debate , both the current and historic versions , has been about .
Your average American thinks , I have my insurance coverage , so why should I worry about the loser who has n't bothered to get his ?
For people who work hard and are n't exactly wallowing in spare dollars , it 's a fair question to ask .
But there is an answer to it , which is that in the long run , if coverage is universal and insurance companies face stricter rules , society will benefit , and your average American will benefit too , in the form of lower costs and better care .
The problem , of course , is that most people do n't believe that .
There are many reasons for this , but a central one is that very wealthy and powerful interests have spent blood - curdling amounts of money convincing them that extending insurance to 32 million more of their fellow citizens ( and yes , citizens only – not undocumented immigrants ) will be at least detrimental to them and more probably calamitous .
A record $ 3.47 billion was spent lobbying Congress last year .
Not all of that was about health care , but a hefty chunk of it was , and the vast majority of it by corporations and associations that wanted to kill the bill outright or shape it to reflect their financial priorities .
It 's been those two forces – that deeply embedded philosophical resistance to the notion of a common interest , lashed to those billions from corporations whose oxen reform might gore – that have killed efforts like this one every time .
The defeat of them is indeed a rare thing in American history .
It did not , you may have noticed , come easily .
The Democrats pulled it out in the end , but they – especially the Democrats in Congress – behaved abominably throughout this process .
Dozens of Democrats – mostly moderates , but a few on the left , too – acted more like members of a small - town city council considering a zoning application than legislators considering one of the most momentous votes in recent American history .
And while it 's certainly true that a " yea " vote last night will prove to be a risky one for some members , and will cost a few of them their jobs , even that reality is no justification for the preening and fretting we 've witnessed in these recent weeks , weeks they could and should have spent promoting the bill .
Sometimes one had to wonder why some of these people are Democrats in the first place .
Barack Obama , speaking to Democratic legislators on Saturday , sought to remind them of this , and he did so in just the philosophical terms I discussed above : " Something inspired you to get involved , and something inspired you to be a Democrat instead of running as a Republican .
Because somewhere deep in your heart you said to yourself , I believe in an America in which we do n't just look out for ourselves … but we also have a sense of neighborliness and a sense of community , and we are willing to look out for one another and help people who are vulnerable and help people who are down on their luck and give them a pathway to success and give them a ladder into the middle class .
That 's why you decided to run . "
So now they 've cast that vote , and they will have to defend it .
Opposition will be feral .
Democrats may well suffer losses in the near term .
And substantively , the mandated purchase of insurance , which begins in 2014 , will be a hardship for some people at first .
But here 's the thing .
Community has n't succeeded very often in American politics , but when it has , it 's tended to work better than advertised .
Social Security and Medicare ( universal coverage for senior citizens ) are very popular .
Once changes like these are made , well , it takes a while , but most people tend to like them .
And maybe that 's the real reason Republicans are so unhinged right now .
Claim that devices did not show details of genitals exposed as a lie
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , January 8 , 2010
The full body scanners that President Obama last night authorized to be rolled out in airports across the country at a cost of over $ 1 billion dollars not only produce detailed pictures of your genitals , but once inverted some of those images also display your naked body in full living color .
And you do n’t need to be a graphics wizard using a $ 600 software suite like Photoshop to pull off the trick – inverting a photo is a simple process that takes one click and is an option available even in the most basic image editing software .
We were sent examples of the process by readers and then tested it for ourselves to confirm that simply inverting some of the pictures produced by the body scanners creates a near - perfect replica of a naked body in full color .
( SOURCE OF IMAGE ) .
It is important to stress that this is a low resolution image .
Airport screeners will have access to huge high definition images that , once inverted , will allow them to see every minute detail of your body .
The inversion trick does n’t work for all the sample images produced by body scanners , but with or without its application , every image will still show details of your sexual organs .
Even without being inverted , the images already break child porn laws in the UK .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Reassurances that airport screeners wo n’t be abe to save the images will provide little comfort to parents who know that the crystal clear image of their naked son or daughter being ogled by a TSA thug can merely be snapped with a handheld camera for their enjoyment later .
Apologists for the scanners have routinely described the images they produce as “ ghostly ” or “ skeletal ” in an effort to downplay the intrusion of privacy they really represent .
As we reported yesterday , claims that the body scanners did not provide details of genitals were disproven after a London Guardian journalist who was present at a trial for the machines earlier this week reported that the devices produce an image which make “ genitals eerily visible . ”
German Security advisor Hans - Detlef Dau , a representative for a company that sells the scanners , admits that the machines , “ show intimate piercings , catheters and the form of breasts and penises ” .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Indeed , as was admitted when the scanners were first being rolled out over a year ago , they do n’t function properly if areas of the body are blurred out .
A report from October 2008 , when the naked body scanners were first being introduced at Melbourne Airport in Australia , detailed how the X - ray backscatter devices do n’t work properly unless the genitals of people going through them are visible .
“ It will show the private parts of people , but what we ’ve decided is that we ’re not going to blur those out , because it severely limits the detection capabilities , ” said Office of Transport Security manager Cheryl Johnson .
“ It is possible to see genitals and breasts while they ’re going through the machine , ” she admitted .
TV news reports have been deliberately misleading viewers by blurring out faces and genitals of people in images produced by the scanners .
When it comes to the real thing , your sexual organs and those of your children will be on full display to officials sat alone in back rooms , and with a simple inversion trick , your daughter ’s naked body in full living high definition color will be there to be enjoyed by screeners .
This article was posted : Friday , January 8 , 2010 at 6:16 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The president gave no further details during his address to the nation following a heavy defeat in regional elections for his ruling Union for a Popular Movement party .
Okay , so maybe we have a little bit of a problem .
Boardgames in this house have achieved a kind of holy status .
At first it started out with just a few games .
The Settlers of Catan , back in 2002 , followed by Puerto Rico .
But very quickly , it became apparent that playing board games — especially geeky board games — was a lot more than just a passing fancy for my husband and I .
Now , I ’m not talking about Monopoly , here .
I ’m talking about games that challenge intellect , inspire imagination , and reflect our geekiest nature .
In fact , over the last few years we ’ve had to buy furniture to actually support and store our habit ( note : mid-century modern buffet tables work particularly well for this ) .
At least every month we try to share our love of fascinating boardgames with our friends .
Some are quick to play , others take hours just to set up .
But pound for pound I ’d say that these games have provided more entertainment and camaraderie than anything else in the house save maybe our D&D dice .
Since we ’ve been at it for quite awhile , I thought I would share my top 5 awesomely geeky games that are perfect for a weekly or monthly game night at your house .
I particularly omitted games that work best with two people , opting for those that can support a crowd .
Do n’t see a game you like ?
Feel free to suggest more in the comments !
The Settlers of Catan .
This is the flagship game , the one that started it all .
With an ever changing board , endless possibilities , and some of the best phrases in the business ( “ I ’ve got wood for your sheep ” )
Settlers of Catan has achieved a kind of sainthood among board games .
Overall , we ’ve probably logged more hours playing Settlers than any other game .
I suggest this as a first game for anyone unfamiliar with games of this category .
Settlers was created in Germany and first published in 1995 .
Since then it is sold over 15 million copies .
The goal of the game is to build an island and then collect the most points which are deemed by building roads , cities , and settlements .
While relatively simple , the game is fun on many levels and can be replayed often .
There have been many expansions to the game , and it can accommodate up to six players .
( Learning curve , moderate ; setup time , moderate )
Carcassonne .
Another simpler game , Carcassonne was created by Klaus - Jürgen Wrede , and it is a freestyle board game ; that is , every time you play Carcassonne the board changes .
Points are determined by roads and gaining control over cities and farms .
With various expansions , it can accommodate up to six players .
It has a shorter play time than Settlers , which is ideal if you just want to jump into a game .
I personally love the whole medieval feel of it .
( Learning curve : simple ; setup time simple )
Puerto Rico .
We purchased Puerto Rico after Settlers , looking for something with similar gameplay .
We were not disappointed .
It ’s a highly intelligent game with a setting during the colonization of Puerto Rico ( which , let ’s face it , can be a little uncomfortable at times ) .
However , the principles of the game have to do with growing resources and little cities of your own ; shipping , trade , and distribution are all very important , and by the end of the game the player who ’s done the best job of maximizing the flow of goods ( and , um , sometimes people ) in their city typically has the most victory points .
I love how unpredictable this game is ; there have been times , playing , where I ’ve been positive I ’ve lost , only to find that I have , in fact , won .
More frustrating , however , is the converse of that statement .
( Learning curve : somewhat high — for first time players , at least ; setup medium to moderate )
Munchkin .
There is nothing serious about playing this game , that ’s the whole point ( as if you could n’t tell by the name ) .
The basic idea behind Munchkin is a card - based RPG .
Except this time , everything is hilarious .
Within ability to play multiple classes , races , and sometimes both at once , it ’s both fun and entertaining ( and particularly good if you ’re planning on serving alcoholic beverages at your party ) .
Not necessarily recommended for hard - core gamers however , those who just are n’t people to take things with a laugh .
Unfortunately , I ’ve seen even games of Munchkin get out of hand .
A big plus to this however is the fact that you can take it pretty much everywhere since it ’s a deck .
Between Steve Jackson ‘s game mechanics and John Kovalic ‘s art , you ca n’t go wrong .
( Learning curve : simple ; setup : simple )
Arkham Horror .
This is big - time gaming .
This is the game to end all games , literally .
You ’re struggling , however fruitlessly , against the inevitable coming of the old ones , facing terrifying foes and traversing parallel dimensions .
Starting out , you have the feeling that you probably wo n’t even win .
Come to think of it , I do n’t think we ’ve won more than a handful of times and even then that ’s probably questionable .
Set up alone on this game is quite extensive , but playing a detective , a magician , or any one of the amusing and often seedy characters in the Lovecraftian landscape , make this game geeky to the nth degree .
Not to mention of course , that any game that causes you to lose sanity just rocks .
I particularly like the collaborative nature of the game ( i.e. no one wins , and everyone works together to , you know , have the world not end ) .
Also important to note is that you need a very large table to play this properly .
Ours really is n’t adequate , especially now that we have an expansion or two .
( Learning curve : tough ; setup : tough )
One thing to do , regardless of the games that you choose , is to be aware of your friends ’ experience and comfort levels .
There are some of us who are absolutely obsessed with finding the newest , coolest , geekiest games .
We decided long ago that playing board games went far beyond the games of our childhood .
But for others , Monopoly and Life are just about as far as they ’ve ever gone and they find learning these new games to be frustrating and , sometimes , just plain boring .
So start off slow , especially if you want people to keep coming back , and before you know it , even the most inexperienced geeky gamer will be having tons of fun .
To safeguard and maintain the insides of your vehicle , using neoprene seat covers is one of the best things you can do .
Neoprene is now widely used to make wet seats , which are mainly used by divers .
For car owners , using these seat covers has a lot of benefits .
In this post , we will discuss why you should use neoprene seat covers for your vehicles .
Durability is the main reason why neoprene is a special material .
There are some other characteristics that make it stand out .
If you use these seat covers , you will not have to worry too much about scheduling maintenance .
Now we will focus on the major reasons why you should choose neoprene seat covers .
Protection from high temperature
If the interior of your car is designed with leather , you will find it hard to sit inside when the temperature rises .
It will seem like sitting inside a fireplace , and you will fell very uncomfortable .
Neoprene is a better alternative to leather , because it can provide protection from high temperature .
With neoprene seat covers , you will feel comfortable because the seat covers absorb significantly less heat .
You will find the seats cool in the hot summer months .
But in winter , they will stay warm .
Neoprene also helps your car ’s air conditioning perform better .
In fact , protection from heat and cold is the main benefit of using neoprene seat covers .
Withstanding the elements
No matter how long neoprene seat covers are exposed to the elements , you will not have worry about these seat covers .
They are durable , and they do not deform when in contact of the elements .
As a result , these seat covers last longer .
Neoprene seat covers from Dingo Trails provide a cushiony feel and are waterproof due to being made from a wet suit material .
These car seat covers also offer hard - core durability and will make you look back on your wooly wet lifestyle as uncomfortable .
These seat covers provide comfort by absorbing less or deflecting more heat .
In summer , you will find the seats cool .
The seats will stay warm in winter .
If you have heating or cooling system in your car , it will work better .
If you have to spend a lot of time outdoors , you will need to get out of your car again and again .
In that case , you have to clean the seat covers frequently .
These seat covers are non-flammable , and that is another great advantage .
You do not need to worry about your car catching on fire .
If you are a smoker , get neoprene seat covers as soon as possible .
Burning cigarette will not cause the seat covers to combust .
You will find it very easy to clean neoprene seat covers .
No matter how frequently dirt builds up , you can safely wipe off the seats .
Feel free to keep your car in the dusty neighbourhood !
The seats will be safe .
Shock protection
Even if there is a natural suspension system in your vehicle , you should add an extra layer .
Thus you can ensure shock protection .
It will give you some extra comfort .
Neoprene seat covers are designed in such a way that they can absorb jolts and bumps .
If you often find yourself off road driving in your Hilux then learn more here about Toyota Hilux seat covers and finding a set which fits .
They prevent moisture buildup
Divers use the material neoprene in their wetsuits for a good reason : neoprene prevents excess moisture .
Seat covers made of these materials do not let moisture build up and thus protect your car seats .
If you have an open - roof car , you should use neoprene seat covers .
This material withstands rain and does not take time to dry .
Car owners who have use neoprene seat covers usually do not switch to leather .
You have options for headrests , armrests , map pockets and consoles too .
And you can install them without using any fancy tool .
Using these seat covers , you can keep the seats fresh , and add to the car ’s interior style .
Good car brands such as Toyota Hilux and Mitsubishi Triton use Neoprene seat covers .
Drug agents and police are searching for the smugglers of nearly 10,000 pounds of marijuana seized on Houston 's eastside , a U.S. Immigration and Custom 's Enforcement spokesman confirmed Monday .
ICE agents received information in 2009 about a location used to store marijuana and set up surveillance , said ICE spokesman Greg Palmore .
Suspicious activity was observed , and a canine unit was brought to the location on Thursday .
Not since Johnny Cash bumped into Rick Rubin have we been so excited about a comeback record .
In what will surely be regarded as one of the year 's best albums , Gil Scott - Heron 's I'm New Here is a project that 's been four years in the making – ever since XL boss Richard Russell tracked him down at Rikers Island prison and offered to produce a new LP .
The result is an album that touches on many genres , from hip - hop and gospel to dubstep and blues .
Above all , though , is the unmistakable sound of Gil Scott - Heron .
His is a voice that suits age , be that on the feral blues of New York Is Killing
Me or the redemptive , folk - flavoured title track ( a cover of a Smog song , indie fans ) .
The guardian .
co.uk / music team have fallen in love with I'm New Here .
But we 'd like to know what you make of the record , too , which is why we teamed up with XL to bring you this exclusive widget .
Feel free to let us know what you think .
Rosie Swash spoke to XL boss Richard Russell recently , and will be popping on to the comments section to impart her wisdom from time to time .
Many people say that racism is simply an attitude or a prejudice of one people toward another people .
That allowed Republican senators to make the ludicrous claim that Sonia Sotomayor was a racist , during the hearings on her Supreme Court nomination .
In reality , racism is a historically developed set of practices , institutions and beliefs that systematically subordinate racially oppressed people to an inferior status in every area of life .
It dates back to the 17th century and its genesis lies in the practical economic and political requirements of the interwoven systems of predatory colonialism , slavery and nascent capitalism in the “ new world ” at that time .
These systems of oppression and exploitation in the Americas needed not only an unlimited supply of unpaid or underpaid labor , but also a system of rationalization – racism – to legitimize the theft of lands and resources and the unparalleled subjugation and / or enslavement of peoples of the Americas , Africa and Asia .
Because slavery and other forms of subjugation were tied to a young but expanding system of capitalism , racist oppression and exploitation had a particularly brutal and bloody character .
No longer did the subjugated produce for a local market ; now they produced commodities for consumers in distant lands and in the context of an expanding world system of production for the sole purpose of accumulating capital and maximizing profits .
With the overthrow of slavery within our borders , a major breech in the system of racist oppression , exploitation and ideology occurred .
It at once forced the slave owning / planter class and its supporters to retreat , and created a more favorable terrain for the freed slaves and their allies to secure new rights and recast the struggle against racist ideas .
This moment , however , proved fleeting .
Only a decade after the end of the Civil War , a counteroffensive by the old ruling class in the South and its allies in southern and northern states restored them to power and crushed the interracial movement that had advanced democracy in the post - war aftermath .
The system of slavery did n’t get a new lease on life , however .
The old unpaid slave labor mode of production gave way to a new one , resting on underpaid labor ( sharecropping and extractive industries ) , lynchings and other forms of vigilante terror , and legalized and comprehensive discrimination against African Americans and other peoples of color .
In short , the pre-war reactionary coalition , defeated on the battlefield , was able after a brief retreat to regroup , violently seize political power , and then construct with the continued use of coercion ( by state and non-state entities like the KKK ) a new system of racial oppression and exploitation – popularly called Jim Crow .
While its structural features ( political , economic and ideological ) were new , its racist essence remained the same .
It was n’t until nearly a century later that the modern civil rights movement upended these legal forms and structures .
But , as Martin Luther King said more than once , racism , though no longer legally sanctioned , persisted in day - to - day life .
Moreover , in some ways racism worsened as it took on new material ( deindustrialization ) and ideological ( “ reverse racism ” ) forms , shaped by the exploitive pressures and crisis tendencies of globalizing capitalism , the unraveling of the New Deal coalition , and the rise of the extreme right in the early 1980s .
Seen through this optic , the election of Barack Obama constitutes a historic moment and turn in the struggle against racism and for social progress for our nation .
It carries the potential to set in train a new era of racial progress , multiracial unity , and overall progressive advance .
Of course , Obama ’s stunning victory , as significant it was and as promising as it is , does n’t eliminate in one fell swoop the structures and institutions that are the material ground on which racist oppression and ideology rest in the early part of the 21st century .
Nor does it mark a withdrawal from political life of the forces of reaction and racism .
Proclamations of a post - racial era are exceedingly premature .
In fact , the election of the nation ’s first African American president has triggered a new racist counteroffensive in much the same way as the North ’s victory in the Civil War set into motion a racist and revanchist counteroffensive by the former slaveholders and their allies .
The new racist counteroffensive , much like the earlier one , hopes to turn the clock back .
It aims to strip away the legitimacy of the first African American president in ways that are both coded and crude ( witness the use of the “ n ” word and other vicious epithets ) .
But it also hopes to obscure the democratic , class , and human bonds shared by tens of millions of American people of all nationalities and colors , introduce racial fissures in the coalition that elected the president , and restore the power of right - wing extremism and authoritarian rule .
My guess is the Republican Party and the teabaggers will not be successful , but only if their racist barrage runs into a powerful anti-racist response not only from people of color , but also from the white majority and white workers .
To no small degree , the success of this anti-racist struggle depends on the ability of white people to understand that racism not only impacts the dignity and life prospects of people of color , but also cuts against their own material and moral well being .
Nothing is so corrosive of working class and people ’s democracy and reforms than the poison and practice of racism .
If unchallenged , it could lead to disaster , via a much uglier version of the Bush - Cheney administration .
This possibility should be a wakeup call for all democratic - minded people .
At the same time , the fact that a multi-racial movement , in which labor played a special anti-racist role , elected an African American president and , after a pause , is getting back into the swing of things and scoring some victories – the most recent being health care legislation – is reason for confidence , albeit a sober - minded confidence , about the future .
I think we all have a certain idea of what a bigtime producer is like - Dan Sachoff 's portrayal of archvillain Gene Balboa on " Yacht Rock " encapsulates the archetype quite nicely .
For the average person , the producer or engineer is not what you think of when you think of rock royalty .
We chase the singers and guitarists - and these days the beatmakers .
But who do they chase ?
Well , people like Ron Nevison , who I had the good fortune to interview the other day .
It was a great experience - and Ron had a friendly , wise demeanor that made it seem like I was consulting an urbane wizard instead of the stereotypical producer .
It was also a very long interview , so I 'll be serializing it for a week or so .
But wait , you say - you 've never heard of Ron Nevison ?
Have you ever heard of " Physical Graffiti , " " Quadrophenia " , or " Bad Co. " ?
Then you 've heard of Ron Nevison , whose work producing Zeppelin , The Who , Bad Company , KISS , Ozzy Osbourne , Heart , Jefferson Starship , Chicago , and more , have cemented him not only as a recording engineer responsible for some of the great great albums , but also a producer to be reckoned with .
I did feel some trepidation speaking with someone who in all likelihood has told Pete Townshend to " Turn it down ! "
Fellow blogger Eriq Nelson 's response was to inquire whether Mr. Nevison required a wheelbarrow to cart around his gigantic balls .
So , for now enjoy part 1 of the interview , where we discuss the making of a classic
Who album , the work schedules of metal divas , and some advice for modern DAW users .
Well , first off I wanted to ask you what 's happening on March 12th ?
You know , a friend of mine , his name is Dan Caruthers , a local singer , a wonderful guy , wonderful performer and arranger , teaches music ... he 's got this idea to get local talent together take them up like one step from karaoke .
You said it very well , actually , you saw the craigslist post that was n't very clear .
I called him and said “ What exactly are you trying to do with this ?
You 're using my name ... ”
So I helped him out with it .
Anyway , there 's a Chinese restaurant ...
Legin ?
That 's right .
He 's gonna do somehting there where he 's going to get a lot of local talent to play with his house band , I told him I 'm going to help evaluate the talent .
It 's not a big deal , I 'm trying to help him out .
Alright .
( laughs )
I hope he can get something together , as far as giving people some lessons ...
I think a lot of his students will be coming .
I told him I 'd be there as long as I was n't somewhere else .
Anything I could do to help him out .
He 'd do anything for me .
I was trying to figure it out , whether a new series was starting , or a meet - and - greet ...
It might be a little concert , the local talent , but who knows exactly !
I 've left most of your pedigree for the intro to the interview ...
Well , you contacted me so you saw the bio and discography , but there 's actually a video I did for the Hollywood Walk of Fame Awards , so you can refer to that too .
I did n't want to go too far into sampling who you were before the interview beyond what I 'd already read about you ... I did end up reading an interview with Jake E. Lee and it was ... hm , interesting .
I thought I 'd see what the deal was from the man himself .
What did he say ?
He said that you guys butted heads on “ The Ultimate Sin. ” and that you had a very strong production style as far as wanting to do things a certain way , and get it done , and he did n't want to do it that way .
( laughs )
Well , he would like to be his own producer .
But what you do n't know is that he wanted to come in at midnight .
Oh geez !
He wanted to work midnight to 8 am .
There 's more than one person in a band , though .
What about all the people at the front desk ... and the second engineers , and maintenance people .
So I said no .
I 'm all for working with people when the want to work , so we compromised and started at like 6 at night .
I said that I can't do it ... not even speaking for the rest of the band , but if I work for you at midnight to 8 am , I have to take a couple of days off to turn my life around be able to work with someone else again .
But he was a strange guy .
He was ... no drugs , he was into Zen stuff , martial arts ...
Ohhhh ...
I do n't know what he was into .
But he was a fantastic guitar player , I never had a problem with him .
If he had a problem with me he never told me .
Does n't surprise me .
Well , it was n't uncomplimentary by any means , but he obviously felt there was a conflict .
The only thing we really butted heads over was when to work .
But it was 1985 .
You probably were n't even born yet .
Oh , Jake E. Lee ... you 're not Keith Richards .
You can't change all world clocks !
When were you born ?
1977 .
Oh , so you were a good 7 or 8 years old .
[ Editorial note :
While I was an avid music listener at this point in history , I was about a year away from hearing Metallica 's “ Kill ' Em All ” and Iron Maiden 's “ The Trooper ” , so my exposure to Ozzy albums was minimal . ]
Well , I want to dip back into the past even further so I can orient myself with you a bit .
Quadrophenia ...
Quadrophenia .
I read somewhere that a significant portion of that was a ' cut - up ' job , that Pete Townshend and John Entwhistle recorded their parts in their home studios and brought it to you to be aligned , and cut up and placed in there .
What was that like ?
That actually is n't true .
Oh ?
Pete was on the cutting edge of technology in 1973 when we did that album .
He was composing on the ARP 2500 .
The ARP was a modular - you 're a musician , so ... those modular synths had these big gigantic sections , connected with these mini cords and you had to tune up all the oscillators .
It was n't like there was a ' Tune ' button .
Then when you were done with a sound you had to tear it all down and start another sound .
You 'd never get it exactly the same .
There were no presets for horns or strings ... there were guidelines , but you had to manually set them all up yourself .
Or bring someone in to do it for you like the Doors did on “ Strange Days . ”
... or a programmer , but Pete was his own programmer .
But it did n't travel well .
What Pete did was , he laid down his own demo track with his synthesizer , then the scratch tracks , then on the 16 tracks , overdub the band on it .
In other words , would have Keith and John play to that .
We would n't have to cut anything up .
We only had to do that on certain tracks where Keith had a program ...
Sometimes Entwhistle would record some horns in his own studio , but very few inside the song .
Sure .
A lot of the songs we cut them just like a normal band would cut them .
Some of the songs that had a significant amount of synthesizer on them , we 'd use Pete 's 16 tracks then cut the band on top of them .
You know , he spent a lot of time on them .
And there was n't a lot of programming , it was real time playing .
With some simple parts - he was real careful not to give anything to Keith or John - not to tell them what to play , just block it out and let them do their thing .
Just have the scratch parts - I do n't remember if there was a scratch vocal ...
Seems like there probably would have been .
There were tracks like “ The Rock ” which was all synthesizer - it was called “ Overture ” originally , but it 's called “ The Rock ” - it is an overture .
Pete designed these motifs ...
For each band member ...
Right , Jimmy , was n't schizophrenic , he was ' quadrophrenic , ' in other words he had these four different personalities .
Roger was the romantic guys , Keith was the crazy one , John the stoic one ...
I do n't remember what Pete saved for himself .
That was the big theme .
The record company at the time , MCA Universal , wanted us to do it in quad ... there was a big quadrophonic push in the '70s .
It took your vinyl , and it took your vinyl and put your front channels out of phase with your real channels , made this mishmash .
You could n't really call it quality .
But MCA thought Quadrophenia , Quadrophonic , oh wow .
Just because they had ' Quad ' in the title .
So they sent us out this ' encoder , ' to try to mix the mix , way way before digital , and we tried it and the front and back separation was like 5db .
Not discrete quadrophonic .
It was AWFUL .
So Pete said I 'm not doing a quad recording that 's worse than the stereo .
So he said forget it and they went nuts .
Now , I was not party to that , I was just an engineer , and management was dealing with MCA after the fact .
At the point The Who had their own label from MCA , so he could pretty much what he wanted .
He could afford to throw a fit .
Yeah , they could n't really do much , even though they were n't happy about it .
And he was right !
There was no point in doing something on that scale that was worse than the original just to be on the cutting edge .
Hey , I 'd love to have done it in 5.1 ... but it was n't invented yet !
It seems like hardly anyone was doing anything serious with quad .
Pink Floyd was messing around with it , but ...
Well , which quad ?
The Quad SQ from the mid ' 70 s ... or discrete quad ... well , 5.1 is quad with the vocal channel in the center and then the sub .
I do n't see that as being really that popular .
Not as far as music .
Well , yeah , with videos and movies .
I do n't know that people want to be surrounded by music .
Right .
Anyway .
I think we've , ha ... any more questions on Quadrophenia ?
Not that I want to ... want to keep us here all afternoon with .
Well , you did mention something with the ARP that I was going to ask about anyway .
We 're kind of an impatient society these days .
You know we always figure that things are going to be fixed by a preset , the next plugin , the next piece of vintage gear .
Are there any ' go - to ' methods you have , gear or techniques that as a producer or engineer that you live by ?
Well , there are things that have come along , like Autotune , that are fantastic .
But the more technology gets advanced , the more people abuse it .
You know , CDs came along in , I do n't know , ' 83 , and we went from 40 minute of vinyl rock and roll , 20 minutes a side - we had sides in those days - to 76 or 80 minute albums , then to nanoseconds - bang !
Bang !
People started doing these ridiculously long albums , just because some guy in the band wanted to get his crappy song on there .
And there 's no pun intended on ' Crappy Indie Music ' .
Of course .
So ... that was a drag .
Not only does it drain resources , because you have a producer there , and it 's another weeks recording .
Maybe another month .
What I 'm getting to is , now we have virtual recording where we have as many tracks as we need , which is a real detriment .
People have stopped making choices .
People do n't sit there and get rid of things , they do n't have to .
So at the end when you go to mix it 's unbelievable , there 's no end .
When I started out with 8 tracks , I was mixing drums in stereo , and I had to print to reverb if I wanted it on the snare .
Then it was done , it was finished .
Now I have 10 or 12 tracks for drums .
When I go through the recording process , every day every moment I make the decision : am I going to keep this .
That 's the biggest problem people recording these days have .
They leave everything .
If you work for 2 hours on a guitar part , the sound and everything else , you 're finished with it , you 're right there , with probably the best knowledge of it sonically of it , the timing and everything ... now , whatever you 're looking for in that part , you make that judgement right then .
Now you might want to leave some in case you 're wrong , and come back when you 're mixing to say this part is the best one or that .
Hmm ...
So I guess to sum up , the advice I 'd give is to make choices as you go along and not wait til the end .
To treat the process as more important .
Make your decisions every day , not just at the end .
So you 've been a producer and an engineer , I wo n't get too much into what a producer is , but what do you think the difference is ...
You get paid more !
( laughs )
There 's a promotion for you .
Well , since you 've been both , how much of a difference for you is there .
Do you think there 's a big separation in the roles , as far as yourself ?
Well , I 'm a “ producer / engineer . ”
When I started , I was just an engineer , with Led Zeppelin , The Who , and Bad Company .
There was six albums right there .
There was no producer - well , Pete was producer , and Jimmy Page in the case of Zeppelin , and the band produced Bad Company .
But I was n't dealing with a separate producer .
A guy coming in from outside , I was working with the band members .
So I gave my opinion when they asked me , and sometimes when they did n't ask me .
When it felt appropriate , to remind them what they were doing , whenever I felt it added something to the session .
Really I have n't changed much , except as far as getting credit .
Once I got past doing those albums , I learned I had to demand production credit from the start .
It did n't change anything except I became a royalty artist where I was n't before .
People say , “ Ohh , you do n't make any royalties from Led Zeppelin ? ”
No , but I made a career off them .
It ’s always fun to see a liberal not allow himself to be dominated by Joe ’s right wing control on Bush foreign policy matters .
One reason that Joe refers to O'Donnell as " crazy Larry " is because he challenges Joe and guests all the time on Bush terror policy issues .
Criticism of Bush 's terror policies is one of the things that can set Joe off into a purple rage .
Joe gets so upset here that he angrily , abruptly ends the segment early and goes to commercials .
Joe states that the problem with Larry ’s actions is that " this is not a cross fire sort of show " .
In reality it 's frequently a crossfire show -- when Joe is the one on the attack .
And if one wants to challenge Joe and not let him talk over you , it has to be a crossfire shouting match sort of show or one gets dominated .
It ’s good to see someone challenge him or a like - minded guest , even if it means the person is cut off and labeled " crazy " because of willingness to do it .
Text size
It 's become a tradition at Apple ( AAPL ) product launch events for CEO Steve Jobs to save some extra juicy bit for very end , which he typically provides after reviewing all of the other day 's news , using the phase , " one more thing . "
At next week 's event , which is expected to focus on the launch of the long - awaited tablet , the " one more thing " could be a doozy , if Canaccord Adams analyst Peter Misek is right in a prediction he made this morning .
NBC might lose Conan O'Brien by giving Jay Leno his original 11:35 time slot back .
But , at least one late night host is still happy to be there .
" I 'll do my show at 3 in the morning , " Jimmy told New York Times reporter Bill Carter during a talk at the Times ' Arts & Leisure Weekend on Saturday .
From NY Mag 's Vulture blog : " I 'm just happy I have a job . "
Fallon pointed out that his younger , DVR - loving audience does n't watch him play beer pong with Betty White in real time anyway .
" Time does n't really matter to me , " he said .
" We 're in a different age .
Time is like ...
I do n't even know what time ' Jersey Shore ' is on .
It does n't matter - I 'll see it . "
DVRs have been blamed for Jay Leno 's low numbers and who knows if audiences will tune in to the shuffled late night schedule as if NBC 's programming fumbles never happened .
But Jimmy probably should n't be so forgiving .
If Conan accepts NBC 's proposal , he will get kicked back to a 1:05 a.m. timeslot -- in Carson Daly 's turf ( a late night ghosttown compared to Jimmy 's current spot ) .
As for Carson , he might be out of the job .
The network does n't control scheduling past 2 a.m. NBCU Entertainment chairman Jeff Gaspin says he 'll stay with the network , but they 'll be some " rejiggering " to do .
That 's for sure .
There will also be some begging to do to keep Conan from moving on to Fox or other , more flirtatious networks .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
See a photo essay about the teams of Afghans who risk their lives to disable explosives here .
MAJOR JIM CONTRERAS was awaiting his marching orders .
Literally .
Stuck in Lashkar Gah , the capital of the Afghan province of Helmand , he was supposed to take his troops , along with a unit of an elite Afghan police force known as ANCOP , to secure the area around Nawa , so the people there could vote .
It was part of the past year ’s biggest US offensive against the Taliban .
But he could n’t leave , because his Afghan counterparts had n’t gotten their official order from the Ministry of Interior .
The order had been signed five days earlier , but it had to be delivered to the commander , Colonel Gulam Sakhi Gahfori , by courier , with its seal intact .
Then again , Colonel Sakhi had also not gotten basic supplies like fuel , ammunition , and radios .
Contreras and Sakhi spent a fair amount of time discussing how the Afghans were to refuel at Nawa .
Nobody knew if there were any gas stations there .
Contreras is a small man with a big grin who served in Bosnia , Haiti , and the first Gulf War .
He was excited about his work in Afghanistan .
He believed he was fighting to protect the American way of life .
His wife had been working near the Pentagon when it was hit on 9/11 .
“ This is in its infancy , ” he said .
“ We ’re beginning to see the military might that we as a nation can bring . ”
That evening Contreras ’ men , an Illinois National Guard unit dubbed Team Ironhorse , sat waiting to be briefed by their CO .
The dozen men were all scouts , and some were snipers , all trained by their recently killed first lieutenant to be “ meat eaters . ”
But the months of daily operations and shitting in bags had taken a toll .
They resented being sent on missions that were n’t theirs , the neglect they felt , the lack of progress .
One sergeant ’s parents owned a hardware store and sent the team four tow straps to pull their vehicles out of sand and mud because their request through military channels had gone nowhere .
Major Contreras said Ironhorse ’s mission was to escort the ANCOP to the Nawa area , which a Marine unit was trying to secure so Afghan authorities could take over .
He also said guys in police uniforms were harassing civilians .
Whether they were impostors or Afghan National Police ( ANP ) — the ordinary and often corrupt cops that Ironhorse ’s ANCOP partners looked down on — was anyone ’s guess .
He told his men to plan for seven days in the field .
“ The reason why we ’re going down is to put an Afghan face on the mission , ” he said .
The men looked skeptical .
“ Duration of mission and number of legitimate police in Nawa and how will ANP get along with ANCOP ? ” Staff Sergeant Robert McGuire tersely asked without moving or looking at the major .
Staff Sergeant Tim Verdoorn complained that Team Ironhorse would be doing the Marines ’ job .
As the major concluded his briefing , McGuire loudly muttered , “ It ’s a cocksuck . ”
After Contreras left , McGuire added , “ That was very well thought out . ” I asked him to elaborate .
“ Fuel will be the biggest issue , ” he said .
“ We do n’t know where we ’re gonna live .
We ’re not taking tents . ”
Contreras had his own worries .
The Marines had chosen a school as their base , and British forces in the area had warned against occupying schools .
“ The Marines are trained to go off a ship , hit the ground , and fucking charge , ” he told me later .
They might not be suited for counterinsurgency .
Counterinsurgency , or COIN , has been in vogue at the Pentagon since the success of the Iraq surge , and its dominance was cemented when President Obama chose General Stanley McChrystal , former head of special operations forces and a recent convert to counterinsurgency , as his commander in Afghanistan .
Shortly afterward , Obama promulgated his new strategy “ to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat Al Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan . ”
The primary tool would be COIN .
Counterinsurgency theorists obsessively study “ small wars , ” such as the British war in Malaya , the French war in Algeria , and the wars in Vietnam .
The emphasis is on using the least amount of violence against the enemy , familiarity with the local culture , and painstakingly removing popular support for the insurgents .
This involves using proxy forces to kill those who cannot be “ reconciled , ” and searching for political solutions that tempt the civilian population away from the insurgents .
In some ways , COIN and the related “ stability operations ” doctrine are a rejection of the neoconservative focus on military might as the key tool of foreign policy .
Just as the neocons ruled the Pentagon under George W. Bush , so it seems that the proponents of “ population - centric ” fighting now have a preponderance of influence in the Obama administration .
To liberals , these COINdinistas , as they are dubbed , might seem kindred spirits .
They emphasize nonlethal means , humanitarian aid , development work , and protecting the civilian population .
They recognize that military force alone cannot solve conflicts , and that in Iraq and Afghanistan , the US military did not know how to operate in a war where “ the terrain is the people . ”
But the end result is still a foreign military occupation — which is not America ’s stated goal in Afghanistan .
CONTRERAS AND
I drove to Sakhi ’s office at the ANCOP headquarters ( the acronym stands for Afghan National Civil Order Police ) .
There was a marijuana plant in the garden , and inside a picture of President Hamid Karzai was flanked by some plastic flowers and a map of Helmand .
Sakhi was wearing an ornate shalwar kameez , cream with shiny embroidery , and watching a Bollywood movie .
He had thick eyebrows and a short , well - groomed beard .
He brought out a pile of kebab and bread and bantered with his guests through Bariyal , a thickly muscled translator known as Shotgun .
He was the 2002 weight - lifting champion in Pakistan ‘s North West Frontier Province , and like most translators who spend enough time with the Americans , he had adopted their argot .
“ ANCOP are fucking bad - ass people , ” he told me .
Colonel Sakhi and Team Ironhorse shared the same warrior culture , and the language divide proved easily surmountable .
Sakhi strongly believed that most Taliban were locals , working on farms , firing when they had a chance , then throwing down their weapons and taking up a shovel .
He warned that the Taliban had planted at least 100 IEDs in Nawa .
IEDs had been responsible for the majority of American and British casualties in Afghanistan and a few months before had claimed Team Ironhorse ’s lieutenant and a staff sergeant , as well as an interpreter and an ANCOP officer .
It happened last February when First Lieutenant Jared Southworth and Staff Sergeant Jason Burk­holder went to examine an IED the ANCOP had discovered .
They asked for an ordnance disposal team to destroy it because they worried civilians would get blown up , but were told to mark the location and move on .
The ANCOP officer dismantled the IED anyway , but a second one beneath blew up .
Ironhorse spent an hour picking pieces of their friends off the road and out of a tree .
First Lieutenant Southworth had been very passionate , his men told me .
He believed he ’d come to give Afghan kids a better future and he loved what he was doing .
He paid Afghans $ 150 for pointing out IEDs .
A rich aunt sent him the money .
It was unusual but it worked , his men said .
Back in Illinois , they had been told they would be on a large base in a safe job , but Southworth knew different .
He informed them they were going into the shit .
He spent more than a year preparing the team as best he could , sending them to sniper school , scout school , combat lifesaver school , mountain warfare school .
He gave a speech to the men just prior to deployment , warning that some of them would n’t make it back .
Mindful of IEDs , Contreras told Sakhi that Ironhorse would go through the desert to avoid the main road .
The Marines would meet them to guide them to the schoolhouse base .
But Sakhi had still not received his written orders .
He asked Contreras to tell the American police - training headquarters in Kandahar to email the deputy minister of interior .
The next day Contreras went to see Sakhi again .
“ The Marines are giving me a lot of problems because of the delay , ” he said .
Sakhi was still waiting for supplies .
One of the major operations of the year , the military ’s big push to ensure Afghanistan could hold its election , was being held up by red tape .
TWO DAYS LATER they finally got the order to go .
Sergeant McGuire was in command of the lead National Guard Humvee .
The gunner up top shot pen flares that went pop like a gun at cars that got too close .
McGuire asked if I was sure I wanted to be in the first vehicle , which would be the first one to get blown up by IEDs .
Sakhi asked that the Americans ’ armored vehicles take the lead because his vehicles would be blown to shreds .
As we drove south the ANCOP stopped in front of every culvert to search both sides .
It was slow progress .
Some of the police trucks got stuck in the deep , soft sand .
When we reached the Arghandab River , the ANCOP drivers started playing NASCAR , speeding around each other , nearly crashing .
Two of them got into an argument about the driving and one raised his rifle .
This had happened before , Sergeant Verdoorn later told me .
Once , on the base , two of the ANCOP had drawn their pistols on each other .
“ There was blood in their eyes , ” Verdoorn said .
Two Marine Humvees met Ironhorse across the river .
We were in a thickly vegetated area of farmland , trees , and narrow canals .
Helmand is the wealthiest province in Afghanistan ; it has an irrigation system , some electricity and paved roads , and some of the best agricultural land in the region .
It is the world ’s largest producer of opium poppies and a great place for a self - sustaining insurgency .
Sandbags lined the top of the schoolhouse .
Hundreds of Marines wandered around shirtless wearing green shorts and kicking up dust .
They slept on the ground outside or in classrooms that smelled of sweaty feet .
A Marine captain thanked Contreras for bringing the ANCOP .
The lack of an Afghan face had been their weak spot , he said .
Nawa had been quiet for a few days .
“ The Taliban left to lie low , ” he said , “ but this is their breadbasket , so they ’re not likely to give it up . ”
The next morning Contreras met Marine Commander William McCollough at Patrol Base Jaker , a partially constructed brick building that was a short but tense walk from the schoolhouse .
McCollough told Contreras that in the town of Aynak , 14 miles away , they had discovered a “ rogue ” police unit that was extorting the locals .
Nawa ’s chief of police , Nafas Khan , sat in on the meeting .
He had a long beard and a long , nervous face .
The Marines described him as a local mafia boss .
Team Ironhorse suspected he was keeping his men ’s salary for himself , forcing the police to steal for a living .
Khan denied that the police in Aynak were under his authority .
After Khan left , McCollough told Sakhi that he should supplant the rogue police .
The Marines might have to fight to get to Aynak , but once there , McCollough said , they would meet with locals in a shura , or council .
Team Ironhorse ’s Staff Sergeant Randy
Thacker was dismissive .
“ These shuras are just a bitch session , ” he said .
“ They ’ll complain about cops shaking them down .
The major will make promises and the ANP will come back and go back to the same ways . ”
He ’d seen it before :
When Ironhorse and the ANCOP came in , towns that had been abandoned would slowly repopulate , and when they started to hand things back over to the ANP , residents would flee once more .
The ANP were the only face of the Afghan government most people saw , and it was often an ugly one .
The three units prepared for departure the following morning .
The Marines gave Ironhorse and ANCOP enough fuel for another day or so .
What might happen after that , no one really knew .
THE NEXT DAY the coalition command for Helmand informed Contreras that the Aynak police were indeed under Khan ’s authority .
We departed at 5 a.m. and rumbled slowly along a canal green with vegetation .
Marine minesweepers walked ahead of us .
By 9 a.m. , we had gone maybe three miles — a numbing pace that allowed any Taliban to flee well in advance .
Children tended cows and sheep in fields .
At 10:30 we linked up with a group of Marines who would take us the rest of the way to Aynak .
Dozens of their vehicles were parked off the dirt road on plowed fields , crushing cornstalks .
“ This farmer is not gonna be happy , ” one corporal said .
The Marines had paid damages to farmers in the area .
Today they accidentally set one field on fire , then ran around trying to put it out .
The shura in Aynak was canceled because it was clear we would be getting there too late .
Marines lay about in the shade .
A young specialist sat atop a Humvee .
“ We came , we parked , we relocated , then we parked , ” he beamed .
A Marine captain named Andrew Schoenmaker arrived and told Contreras that when his men had first asked people in Aynak about the Taliban , they got only complaints about the police .
He estimated that there were about 150 cops .
“ It was uncomfortable when we met them , ” he said .
“ They were all high . ”
We would n’t be leaving for Aynak until 4:30 in the afternoon .
That concerned Sergeant Verdoorn : “ It seems like the Marines want to get in a firefight — 5:30 p.m. is the beginning of fighting time . ”
I asked Contreras about the delay and he said , “ Because it is fucking hot . ”
The Marines had to walk , and in the past few days dozens of them had collapsed from heat exhaustion .
We finally began to plod along once more , the Marines in front of us .
Kids stood motionless in front of homes and glared at the Americans .
Men with black beards and black turbans also stared , expressionless , standing ramrod straight .
A boy emerged from behind a metal gate and mud walls to talk to the ANCOP , but none of them spoke Pashto and he did n’t know Farsi .
The Americans ’ interpreter translated .
There was an IED on the road up ahead , the boy said .
His father came out wearing a green shalwar kameez and nervously fingering red prayer beads .
The IED was planted near their house .
Several days before , Taliban had been hiding in a house about a few hundred feet away , he said , pointing to it .
He worried locals would inform the Taliban that they had warned the Americans .
McGuire walked right up to the IED and saw it partially buried and concealed by shrubs .
The minesweepers ahead of us had missed it .
A robot was dispatched to destroy it ; the explosion sent up a huge cloud of smoke and debris .
Rocks rained down on us hundreds of feet away .
The men speculated whether it would have been a catastrophic kill .
McGuire thought it would have just tossed us up a bit in our armored vehicle .
But it would have obliterated the ANCOP .
We made it to Aynak after nightfall .
It had taken an entire day to go 14 miles .
We slept under the stars , the men taking turns on guard shift .
We heard explosions and gunfire in the distance .
The next morning the police used an abandoned mud compound as a bathroom , and so did I .
Colonel Shirzad , the ANP commander for Helmand , showed up .
Like every other chief of police in Helmand , he had bought his post from officials at the Ministry of Interior .
Police were known to release prisoners for bribes ranging from $ 500 to $ 15,000 .
I hitched a ride back to Lashkar Gah with Shirzad , sitting in one of the four Ford Rangers in his convoy .
It took us 30 minutes .
The trip from Lashkar Gah to Aynak had taken Ironhorse three days .
Shirzad ’s men did not stop to check for IEDs , which could shred their Rangers .
I scanned the road desperately .
The next morning , I learned , Ironhorse went out on patrol with the ANCOP and found five IEDs placed on the road I had just taken .
One had been hidden by their invisible adversary just after they had passed ; they found it on the return trip .
That day a 20 - vehicle Marine convoy from a base in the desert tried to go to Aynak to resupply Ironhorse .
The convoy was attacked by the Taliban so fiercely that it turned back .
COLONEL BILL HIX is an experienced Special Forces officer with extensive COIN experience who until July led the Afghan Regional Security Integration Command in Kandahar — he was in charge of training and mentoring the Afghan police and army .
I met him there just before he shipped home .
His wall featured portraits of 41 Americans from his command who had been killed , all but 2 by IEDs .
He would have needed a much bigger wall for the Afghans .
From January 2007 to April of 2009 , he had lost 2,096 Afghan police and 949 Afghan army soldiers .
Hix believed that the Taliban ’s disappearance in the face of an American operation was a sign not of weakness , but of strategy .
They would slide their Kalashnikovs under their beds and bide their time , watching their enemy .
It had happened with a major operation in another part of Helmand the year before ; as soon as the Americans left , the Taliban were back .
Hix had spent 21 months in Afghanistan , and he enjoyed his job .
In his view it was the Afghan army ’s job to push the Taliban away from the population , while the police should be protecting the people where they lived .
Hix did not believe more American troops were needed , just an “ adequate ” police force and army — about double the present number , which had taken eight years to build up .
Control is essential to a successful counterinsurgency campaign .
According to Stathis Kalyvas , the Yale political scientist and civil war expert whose book The Logic of Violence in Civil War is very influential among counterinsurgency theorists , “ The higher the level of control exercised by the actor , the higher the rate of collaboration with this actor — and , inversely , the lower the rate of defection . ”
But by that logic , the Americans will never have enough troops in Afghanistan to achieve control .
A generally accepted ratio for a successful counterinsurgency is roughly 1 cop or soldier per 50 civilians .
That would mean 600,000 troops are needed to secure Afghanistan — fewer if part of the country is assumed to be secure already .
The Afghan army and police between them have about 189,000 members , and there are an additional 42,000 international ( mostly NATO ) troops in the country .
Obama has raised the US total in Afghanistan from 47,000 to 68,000 .
McChrystal ’s much - debated request is for an additional 40,000 , but even that would bring the US troop total in Afghanistan to about 68 percent of the number in Iraq , a smaller country , at the peak of the surge .
Meanwhile the Taliban are seamlessly embedded within communities , a British security expert in Helmand told me .
They are the locals .
They do not need Kalashnikovs ; a simple knock on the door can be just as effective .
At night the Taliban controls the villages , undoing whatever the Americans tried to accomplish during the day .
It does not matter if here and there the Americans are effective .
“ Emptying out the Titanic with a teacup has an effect , ” the Brit told me , “ but it does n’t stop the ship from sinking . ”
COIN is a massive endeavor , I was told by retired Colonel Patrick Lang , who has done counterinsurgency in Vietnam , Latin America , and the Middle East .
There are insufficient resources committed to doing it in Afghanistan , he says , and if the Americans do n’t plan on owning the country , why waste time on it ?
“ It is only worth the expenditure of resources if you were the local government seeking to establish authority , or an imperialist power that wanted to hang around for a while . ”
There are 28 million people in Afghanistan , and they are widely dispersed in small towns .
“ You have to provide security for the whole country , ” Lang told me , “ because if you move around they just move in behind you and undo what you did .
So you need to have effective security and a massive multifaceted development organization that covers the whole place .
COIN advisers have to stay in place all the time .
If you ’re going to do COIN , it really amounts to nation building , and troops are there to provide protection for the nation builders . ”
His point was that the Americans will bail on Afghanistan no matter what .
It will be tragic when that happens , whether it ’s six months from now or two years from now .
Andrew Wilder , a longtime aid worker who has spent years working in Afghanistan and set up its first think tank , the Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit , told me there is no way to “ fix ” Afghanistan .
“ It may be more realistic to look for ways to slow down the descent into anarchy . ”
Another way to look at it came from a retired American military officer working in security in Afghanistan .
“ Every time our boys face them , we win , ” he told me grimly .
“ We ’re winning every day .
Are we going to keep winning for 20 years ? ”
NOTE : The new law provides for the creation this year of a nonprofit corporation , the Patient - Centered Outcomes Research Institute , which would conduct research comparing the clinical effectiveness of medical treatments .
The institute ’s findings could not be construed as mandates , though , or used to deny coverage .
... But Allow for Expertise
“ Government policy often results in a race to the average and mediocre , to the customary and usual , while ignoring the exceptional and extraordinary .
And it is this group of patients — the unusual , the outlier , the complex , the group that has failed evidence - based care — that represents the costliest group in any illness category .
Such is the case in migraine , where a very small percentage of patients represent 75 percent of the overall costs .
These are the patients who must be hospitalized , who attend the emergency department on a regular basis , who develop secondary illness , undergo needless procedures and surgery , and become dependent on narcotics in their desperate search for pain relief .
The pursuit of savings by government agencies often misses the point that good care at almost any price is less costly than bad care at almost any savings . ”
Joel R. Saper , M.D. , founder and director , Michigan Head Pain & Neurological Institute , Ann Arbor , Mich .
Use ‘ Integrative Medicine ’
“ Plenty of studies now show that integrative medicine works very well .
By that I mean the practice of medicine that reaffirms the importance of the relationship between practitioner and patient , and has a broader scope that includes therapies from conventional bioscientific medicine , as well as newer complementary approaches like acupuncture and chiropractic .
For example , a study conducted at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York found that when women participated in a hypnosis session before breast surgery , they required less pain medication and experienced less nausea and emotional upset than the control group .
Patients in the hypnosis group also cost the hospital $ 772 less overall .
That ’s an example of how a simple technique can help patients and reduce costs . ”
Woodson Merrell , M.D. , chairman , department of integrative medicine at Beth Israel Medical Center , New York
Pay to Treat Child Obesity
“ We struggle constantly to get reimbursement for services at my clinic .
This is terribly short - sighted .
Society could spend one thousand dollars now for comprehensive medical care for an obese child , or it could spend one hundred thousand dollars later for that patient ’s coronary artery bypass surgery .
Every insurance company figures it ’s not their problem : an obese kid will likely be with a different carrier by the time he or she starts to experience costly health complications . ”
David Ludwig , M.D. , director , Optimal Weight for Life Program , Children ’s Hospital , Boston
Stop Overtreating
By Ken Perrott • 22/03/2010 • 7
This post was syndicated from Open Parachute » SciBlogs - View original source
Strange how one keeps coming across familiar people .
Last week I was shocked to read Andrew Bolt ’s article on the Global Atheist Convention ( see Speakers true love of hatred ) .
He was n’t there and those of us that were recognised his article as full of distortions , misinformation and lies .
Then I realised he is one of Australia ’s most active climate change deniers ( no , in his case not a sceptic – a denier ) .
And now I find him quoted by the creationist / intelligent design ( ID ) Discovery Institute in a nasty little article attacking science ( see Climategate : a Word of Advice to the Scientists ) .
From Bolt ’s perspective “ the tide is turning , and fast , ” against science .
“ There will soon be an accounting – and the mood and the money for it .
The reputation of science – and of many scientists – will be damaged severely . ”
He is of course talking about “ climategate ” – or more specifically he is attempting to use the “ climategate ” hysteria to build an anti-science sentiment .
And the Discovery Institute laps this up .
They claim “ there will be an accounting for this fraud ” and they “ understand now that this is war . ”
And , of course they have a conspiracy : “ A cabal of leading scientists , politicians , and media concubines have conspired to lie about global warming . ”
And a call to action :
“ What can we do ?
Criminal prosecution of scientists who manipulate data would be a good start .
Scientists who fake data and manipulate peer review to advance their agenda are no different than corporate executives who manipulate stock prices or lawyers who tamper with juries .
Ultimately , perhaps massive defunding of organized science , and a new system of support for research that demands utter transparency and maximal accommodation of debate , may be the only way to defend ourselves from an utterly corrupt scientific elite .
It may well be that the public will be forced to protect itself from organized science , as we now protect ourselves from organized crime . ”
So there you have it .
Remind you of anyone .
Hitler ?
Stalin ?
Joe McCarthy ?
Mao Zedong ?
Pol Pot ?
Given their track record we know they are n’t at all concerned about “ manipulation of data , ” and “ peer review . ”
Or really desirous of “ transparency and maximal accommodation of debate . ”
Just look at the lack of transparency and debate on their web sites and blogs .
Look at their distortion of evolutionary science .
As an independent reviewer just try to get review copies of books written by their authors .
Look at the nasty film “ Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed ” they promoted which attacks science and scientists .
No , they are interested in attacking and discrediting science .
In fact their manifesto , the Wedge Document actually calls for the replacement of modern science by a “ theistic science . ”
Several writers have recently commented that the creationist / ID lobby is attempting to join forces with the climate change denial ( see ’ Darwin Foes Add Warming to Targets ’ and “ Creationism and Global Warming Denial : Anti-Science ’s Kissing Cousins ? “ ) .
But anyone who has followed the creationist / ID attacks on evolutionary science will be aware they have from time to time come out on the side of other denial lobbies , like climate change , stem cell research and HIV / AIDS advice .
Not surprising , really , because these denial lobbies have several common characteristics .
The nature of scientific denialism was discussed by Diethem and McKee in a recent paper ( Denialism : what is it and how should scientists respond ? ) .
It focused on public health issues , the denial that smoking is a danger to health , but does describe some useful features common to all forms of scientific denial .
It lists the following 5 characteristics common to most forms of scientific denialism :
1 : Conspiracy theories : “ When the overwhelming body of scientific opinion believes that something is true , it is argued that this is not because those scientists have independently studied the evidence and reached the same conclusion .
It is because they have engaged in a complex and secretive conspiracy .
The peer review process is seen as a tool by which the conspirators suppress dissent , rather than as a means of weeding out papers and grant applications unsupported by evidence or lacking logical thought . ”
2 : Fake experts : “ These are individuals who purport to be experts in a particular area but whose views are entirely inconsistent with established knowledge . ”
And : “ The use of fake experts is often complemented by denigration of established experts and researchers , with accusations and innuendo that seek to discredit their work and cast doubt on their motivations . ”
3 : Cherry picking : “ selectivity , drawing on isolated papers that challenge the dominant consensus or highlighting the flaws in the weakest papers among those that support it as a means of discrediting the entire field . ”
And : “ Denialists are usually not deterred by the extreme isolation of their theories , but rather see it as the indication of their intellectual courage against the dominant orthodoxy and the accompanying political correctness , often comparing themselves to Galileo . ”
4 : Impossible expectations of what research can deliver : “ For example , those denying the reality of climate change point to the absence of accurate temperature records from before the invention of the thermometer .
Others use the intrinsic uncertainty of mathematical models to reject them entirely as a means of understanding a phenomenon . ”
5 : Misrepresentation and logical fallacies : “ Logical fallacies include the use of red herrings , or deliberate attempts to change the argument and straw men , where the opposing argument is misrepresented to make it easier to refute . ”
And : “ Other fallacies used by denialists are false analogy , exemplified by the argument against evolution that , as the universe and a watch are both extremely complex , the universe must have been created by the equivalent of a watchmaker and the excluded middle fallacy ( either passive smoking causes a wide range of specified diseases or causes none at all , so doubt about an association with one disease , such as breast cancer , is regarded as sufficient to reject an association with any disease ) . ”
All sounds so familiar !
Thanks to AQVIVA » Blogarkiv »
The 5 characteristics of scientific denialism .
Permalink
Similar articles
In January , when Google announced that it had been the target of sophisticated cyber- attacks from China , and that it would no longer self - censor its Chinese site , the company was making both a statement and a decision .
The decision was clearly to leave China — anybody who has dealt with the government knows better than to kick off a negotiation with a public accusation .
If Google had hoped to maintain its Chinese operations , and work through any differences , it would have negotiated quietly , the way most foreign businesses do .
But Google must have decided that it was no longer willing to make the compromises necessary to function in the country .
Their announcement was n’t a negotiating ploy , or a business tactic — instead , it was the rarest thing in corporate America , a moral statement that has nothing to do with making money .
Two months later , Google has closed its Internet search service in the mainland , and over the course of this dispute we ’ve learned nothing new about China .
At any time over the past decade , the Chinese government would have responded to such a situation in exactly the same way .
The Google conflict does n’t reflect new sensitivities , or a different way of handling foreigners .
China remains , after all , a one - party state that has always been incredibly sensitive about anything that might be perceived as a threat or an insult from abroad .
But the conflict does reveal something important about Google .
Sergey Brin , the company ’s co-founder , has said that from the beginning his background as a Russian émigré made him reluctant to set up operations in China .
In particular , childhood memories from the Soviet Union have influenced his response to the current issue .
China has “ made great strides against poverty and whatnot , ” Brin recently told The Wall Street Journal .
“ But nevertheless , in some aspects of their policy , particularly with regard to censorship , with respect to surveillance of dissidents , I see the same earmarks of totalitarianism , and I find that personally quite troubling . ”
The problem with viewing China from the outside is that it ’s hard to find an appropriate lens .
The American perspective certainly does n’t prepare somebody for today ’s China , but neither does the Soviet experience .
And perhaps a move from the Soviet Union to the United States makes it particularly hard to grasp the strange entity that is today ’s China .
“ Totalitarianism ” is not the right word ; China ’s current form of authoritarianism is a world apart from Mao or Stalin .
“ Whatnot ” might be more useful — when Brin speaks of China ’s strides against “ poverty and whatnot , ” he touches on the great gray zone that has occupied the energies of most citizens over the past two decades .
The whatnot includes vastly improved literacy , unprecedented freedom of movement , the ability to start businesses and change jobs , and the sudden availability of cell phones and Internet .
But it does not include political freedom by any definition of the term .
This is one reason why China is such a difficult place to do business , or even to analyze accurately : it ’s hard to define what it is , and even harder to tell where it ’s going .
It ’s also a challenge to track progress and figure out the role of a company like Google , especially in restricted form .
After I heard about the closing of the Chinese site , I called a former student named Willy ; back in the mid-nineties I taught him English .
Willy ’s parents are illiterate farmers from Sichuan province , deep in the interior , but their son excelled as a student , won a college scholarship , and then migrated to the southeast .
Nowadays he lives in the booming coastal city of Wenzhou , where he teaches at a private school and earns an excellent salary .
He ’s also extremely well informed by provincial standards .
He reads the Chinese press , and he listens to the BBC and Voice of America on shortwave radio .
He ’s much more intellectually active and questioning than the average young Chinese , but there are plenty of others like him , who know how to skirt the Chinese firewall when they need to .
These people constantly find and evaluate new sources of information , and they recognize that no single outlet is perfect .
In the past , Willy used both Google and Baidu , the most popular search engine in China .
When I called , Willy told me that he was upset about Google ’s closing , because even the censored version had benefits .
“ For people who know a little bit of English , I think it ’s a big problem , ” he said .
“ If I want to do a search that uses some English phrase , I always use Google .
When I do Baidu it comes out with nothing useful for me .
But Google will find something .
For example , recently I googled [ former premier ] ‘ Jiang Zemin ’ and there were a lot of articles , and many of them were sensitive .
But when I did Baidu , I got nothing . ”
He continued , “ If Google leaves the Chinese market , then Baidu will be number one .
There ’s no competition , and that ’s not a good thing .
If Baidu is here with Google , they will compete against each other ; they ’ll have better service . ”
He said that most of his friends and colleagues do n’t understand the issues behind Google ’s closing , because the real reasons have n’t been reported in the Chinese press .
“ Some people think that Google did something with pornography , ” Willy said .
“ I ’ve heard that from many people , including one of my fellow teachers here .
He said that Google did not control the pornography , which made the Chinese government angry .
He ’s a teacher ; he ’s educated .
Quite often he used Google in the past . ”
Willy said that these misunderstandings are common , and I heard the same thing when I contacted other friends in the provinces .
One college instructor in Chongqing told me that frankly he had no idea why Google had left .
“ Is it because of intellectual property rights ? ” he asked .
“ Or is it because Google is a U.S. government - supported company ? ”
Such confusion means it ’s hard for Google to make an effective statement , and it ’s even harder for a Chinese citizen to figure out his role in the great gray zone .
Most individuals have learned to maintain a narrow focus , trying to improve their own lives without worrying about the bigger picture .
Even somebody like Willy , who has become skilled at negotiating the different forms of available information , generally avoids any kind of political activity .
In the decade that I ’ve known him , there ’s been only one exception : a few years ago , he anonymously faxed a provincial television station to report a leak in the education bureau ’s standardized high - school entrance exam .
The leak had led to widespread cheating , but because of Willy ’s tip , the TV station ran an exposé that inspired a crackdown on corruption in the local education system .
But other than that single moment of activism , Willy has by choice remained completely uninvolved .
I have no idea if that will change in the future , just as I have no idea when China ’s political system will start to shift , or when the government will begin to relax its control over information .
But I sense that inevitably it will happen , and whenever it does , Google probably will not be well positioned to play a significant role in the process .
As a personal decision , Google ’s stance toward China is admirable , because the company turned down profits in order to make a statement .
And it ’s an effective way for Sergey Brin to express valuable lessons that he learned during the past in the Soviet Union .
But his statement might have less relevance to the China of today and especially to the China of tomorrow .
It reflects a frustration that is common among more idealistic foreigners , who have always hoped to provide a guiding light to the Reform years .
By now it ’s obvious that the Chinese reality is far murkier — all that whatnot , the great gray zone of personal improvement without political advancement .
And the country has shown a strong and stubborn tendency to resist following any political model imported from abroad .
Outsiders might have a great deal of influence , but it ’s often indirect ; foreigners can provide key tools , but the Chinese are determined to figure out how to use them on their own .
And now , when it comes to the Internet , there ’s one less tool out there .
AMRAVATI , India —
Once a month Ujwala Karmejh pulls together her savings and splurges on a 60 - rupee ( $ 1.30 ) , round - trip bus ticket .
Wearing a sari and red bindi on her forehead , Ujwala takes the bus past the open fields growing cotton , soya beans and lentils ; the baby goats grazing on the side of the road ; the old men with deeply engraved wrinkles driving oxcarts ; and the bright blue tents housing migrant workers who have traveled to central India to work in the fields .
After 45 minutes , Ujwala reaches Shirasgaon village and her target : her 4 - year - old daughter , Jagruti .
Ujwala Karmejh holds her daughter Jagruti at her parent 's house in Shirasgaon village in Amravati , India .
( Hanna Ingber Winn / GlobalPost )
In 2007 , Ujwala ’s husband faced so much hardship and debt as a farmer that he committed suicide .
Ujwala and her daughter , like thousands of families of farmer suicide victims in India each year , now struggle to manage in the shadow of his death .
Life for them has only gotten harder .
While India ’s urban centers have grown at remarkable speed over the past decade , millions of its farmers , who make up two - thirds of the population , have been left living in deplorable conditions with poverty rates comparable to sub-Saharan Africa .
Some farmers in Kashele in western Maharashtra state are so poor they have been forced to eat rats to survive , says Neelesh Kottary , a Mumbai - based writer who owns land in the area .
Others in north India have resorted to selling their wives to get out of debt , according to various local reports .
The number of farmers who kill themselves to escape debt and depression varies , with estimates as high as 17,000 a year .
More than 180,000 farmers committed suicide between 1997 and 2007 , according to the Ministry of Home Affair ’s National Crime Records Bureau .
For the first time in four years , the number of suicides in Vidarbha region , which stretches across central India and includes Amravati district where Ujwala lives , dropped below 1,000 in 2009 , as reported in the Times of India .
That is still almost 1,000 unnecessary deaths , says Dr. Rajesh Parikh , the director of psychiatry research at Mumbai ’s Jaslok Hospital .
“ Where else in the world do you get a headline that says , ‘ This year there have been less than 1,000 people who killed themselves ? ’ ” he says .
“ I find it very disturbing . ”
The farmers leave behind wives whose plights only worsen .
As widows , they often face social stigma , often do not know their rights , lose their land , struggle financially and have even less control over their lives .
When Ujwala was 23 , her parents arranged for her to marry a young man from a nearby village .
Asked if she knew anything about her fiance , Ujwala laughs .
“ No , ” she says in Marathi .
“ If I had known something about my husband , I would have never married him . ”
After the wedding , Ujwala moved to her husband ’s village in Bhilapur and started a new life with him .
From the beginning , she says , the marriage was difficult .
Her husband did not talk openly with her ; he did not share his concerns or problems .
Asked what the couple did together that brought her joy or laughter , Ujwala cannot recall a single thing .
“ He looked sad at all times , ” she says .
Ujwala and her husband farmed cotton and soya beans , like many in this region .
Ujwala worked with her husband in the fields .
Before and after the farming , she did the family ’s cooking and cleaning .
The couple had a baby , Jagruti , and Ujwala took care of her with virtually no help .
But her husband made all the decisions about the family ’s farm and income .
Ujwala never knew how much land her husband owned , how much he earned or how much he owed .
She never had her own cash .
Three years into the marriage , Ujwala ’s husband drank a chemical pesticide , killing himself .
The Vidarbha region has been hardest hit by farmer suicides .
Many of the farmers there grow cotton , which is particularly vulnerable to pests , has high costs of production and is subject to the volatility of the international market .
To cover production costs and obtain cash before the harvest , farmers take out loans from banks or moneylenders , who often charge exorbitant interest rates .
A cotton farmer in Ghodghwan village in Amravati , Rajendra Panja Kadu , told GlobalPost he had to borrow from moneylenders to pay for his cottonseeds and living expenses because the bank would not give him a new loan .
The moneylender lent him 10,000 rupees a year and charged him 5 percent interest a month , or 60 percent a year .
When Ujwala ’s husband killed himself , she was left with nothing .
The land her husband owned went to his brother .
According to Hindu marriage law , the land should have been divided between his relatives , and Ujwala should have been entitled to a share of it , says independent journalist and columnist Kalpana Sharma who covers developmental issues and gender .
However , male relatives often deceive poor rural women and deny them their share of the land , she says .
“ A lot of these women do n’t even know the law and their rights , ” Sharma says .
“ They are left without anything quite often . ”
Ujwala now works as a laborer on other people ’s fields .
She earns 50 rupees a day working two shifts .
On such meager earnings , she cannot afford to raise her daughter and must have her live at her parents ’ home .
Furthermore , Ujwala has to live with her in - laws , whom she says she dislikes .
In many parts of India , once a woman marries into a family , she becomes part of that family forever , Sharma says .
The woman ’s parents might view her as a burden and not want to take her back , or they might be superstitious and see widowhood as bringing bad luck to the family .
Women in rural areas often have few options or rights , Sharma says , “ and when [ a woman ] becomes a widow , she has even less choices before her . ”
Ujwala says that while she finds it painful to only see her daughter once a month , she knows her daughter will get a better education by attending the government school near her parents ’ home .
Asked what her dream is for her daughter , Ujwala ’s face breaks out into a big smile , and she says in English : “ Doctor . ”
We have implemented VirtualWiFi on Windows XP .
The current version is a prototype implementation of VirtualWiFi , and we are in the process of making our software more robust to include more features .
Your comments are very welcome .
The third application of VirtualWiFi is called WiFiProfiler , which enables clients to cooperatively diagnose the root cause of various wireless problems .
Clients , including the ones that are disconnected from the WLAN , use VirtualWiFi to form an information plane , which is different from the data plane ( the WLAN ) .
All clients then exchange configuration information over this information plane and use this information to diagnose the root cause of various wireless failures .
The details of this idea are described in a technical paper , titled : “ WiFiProfiler : Cooperative Diagnosis in Wireless LANs “ .
The second application of VirtualWiFi that increases the capacity of wireless ad hoc networks using orthogonal channels is called Slotted Seeded Channel Hopping ( SSCH ) .
SSCH uses VirtualWiFi to virtualize a wireless card with as many instances as the number of orthogonal channels .
It then connects each virtual wireless card on a different orthogonal channel .
Furthermore , SSCH proposes a novel scheme of partial synchronization that can be used with VirtualWiFi .
The details of the SSCH protocol are described in another paper , titled : “ SSCH : Slotted Seeded Channel Hopping for Capacity Improvement in IEEE 802.11 Ad- Hoc Wireless Networks “ .
We have explored several other applications of VirtualWiFi .
The first application is called Client Conduit , which is a very useful tool for fault diagnosis and recovery in Wireless LANs .
Client Conduit is a tool that provides a thin pipe of communication for disconnected clients to exchange diagnosis information with the back end servers .
The thin pipe is achieved by running VirtualWiFi on the connected clients .
These clients dynamically connect to disconnected clients over an ad hoc network , and send messages from them to the back end servers .
VirtualWiFi enables this thin pipe without requiring the connected client to explicitly disconnect from the infrastructure network .
A more detailed description of Client Conduit can be found in the paper titled : “ Architecture and Techniques for Diagnosing Faults in IEEE 802.11 Infrastructure Networks “ .
VirtualWiFi ( previously known as MultiNet ) is a virtualization architecture for wireless LAN ( WLAN ) cards .
It abstracts a single WLAN card to appear as multiple virtual WLAN cards to the user .
The user can then configure each virtual card to connect to a different wireless network .
Therefore , VirtualWiFi allows a user to simultaneously connect his machine to multiple wireless networks using just one WLAN card .
This new functionality introduced by VirtualWiFi enables many new applications , which were not possible earlier using a single WLAN card .
For example ,
The current version of VirtualWiFi does not implement some features .
Please keep checking this page for updates .
The features not implemented in this release of VirtualWiFi are :
VirtualWiFi software is also available as part of the Academic Resource Toolkit .
In addition to VirtualWiFi , this toolkit has the Mesh Connectivity Layer ( MCL ) software .
MCL was developed as part of the Mesh Networking Project in the Networking Group at Microsoft Research .
( VirtualWiFi is an old project , and we started working on it in 2002 .
We are not actively working on this project since 2006 , and will not be supporting this software at Microsoft Research .
Thanks for your interest .
However , the software and code will still be available for you to play around with .
Also , check out the supported VirtualWiFi OIDs in Windows 7 .)
A screen snapshot after installing VirtualWiFi shows the checked VirtualWiFi attribute for the Orinoco wireless card .
It also shows the VirtualWiFi Virtual Miniport named “ VirtualWiFi_IS_rover ” , since the card was in IS mode , and the ssid was “ rover ” .
( Note that for better viewing of this figure , you might want to watch it in its original size . )
To uninstall VirtualWiFi , open the command prompt , go to the directory where you unzipped the VirtualWiFi binaries , and type : “ VirtualWiFi uninstall ” Note that the wireless card over which you installed VirtualWiFi should be plugged in and enabled for uninstall to be successful .
If you face problems , refer to the VirtualWiFi uninstallation FAQ .
Remember to press “ Continue ” if prompted for driver signing .
If you face problems , refer to the VirtualWiFi installation FAQ .
To install VirtualWiFi , open the command prompt , go to the directory where you unzipped the VirtualWiFi binaries , and type :
The following tests could be used to verify the correct operation of VirtualWiFi :
In the screen snapshot after running the above commands , we see two new virtual adapters , with the following names : VirtualWiFi IS rover and VirtualWiFi AH MultiNet corresponding to the two networks .
The task manager also shows the service , and the corresponding executable VirtualWiFiSvc.exe , which is created and started by the installer .
The name of the service is VirtualWiFiService .
If we were connected to an infrastructure network called rover , and wanted simultaneous connectivity to an ad hoc network with ssid VirtualWiFi , with non-adaptive switching , and a switch time of 500 ms for the infrastructure network , then our sequence of commands would be as follows :
The instructions on this page assume that you have correctly installed VirtualWiFi using the steps described in the VirtualWiFi install section .
VirtualWiFi worked over all the cards we tried .
Let us know if VirtualWiFi does not work over any IEEE 802.11 card .
To find out if your card supports VirtualWiFi , install VirtualWiFi and try the verification steps described in the VirtualWiFi Install section .
We have provided a file called “ copyobjchkfiles.bat ” that will copy all the sys , dll and exe files into a directory called “ installfiles ” .
At this point , copy the VirtualWiFi sources .
Unzip the contents to a directory , and go to that directory in the Windows XP Checked or Free build environment in DDK .
Run build - ceZ , and this should compile the entire VirtualWiFi tree .
Copy the following files required for installing VirtualWiFi to one directory :
The following are required on the machine used for building VirtualWiFi :
VirtualWiFi Frequently Asked Questions
Q : Why do we need VirtualWiFi ?
Why not use one wireless card for each network ?
A : Using multiple cards will cost you more money and what is worse is that your machine will consume more energy ( battery power ) .
Also , in most legacy laptops , it is cumbersome to fit multiple cards .
Q : Could you briefly describe the working of VirtualWiFi ?
A : The VirtualWiFi virtualization architecture exposes multiple virtual adapters , one for each wireless network to which connectivity is desired .
It then uses a network hopping scheme that switches the wireless card across the desired wireless networks .
The goal is to make the switching transparent to the user , such that he feels connected on all the wireless networks .
Q : Briefly , how is VirtualWiFi implemented ?
A : VirtualWiFi is implemented as an NDIS intermediate driver , and a user - level service in Windows XP .
VirtualWiFi interacts with the card device driver at the lower end , and network protocols at the upper end .
The buffering protocol is implemented in the kernel , while the switching logic is implemented as a user - level service .
Q : Why not use a different design of VirtualWiFi , where we queue packets , and switch to the network over which the packet in the head of the queue is to be sent ?
A : Switching the wireless card to another network incurs a significant overhead .
Incurring this overhead for every packet will significantly degrade the performance of VirtualWiFi .
Q : Why does VirtualWiFi have to switch across different networks ?
Ca n’t nodes receive packets from other networks , if it is promiscuous mode ?
A : Different networks could be on physically different channels .
In such a case , nodes might not receive packets from other networks , even in promiscuous mode .
Furthermore , if a node is not associated on a network , it is in media disconnected state , and will be unable to send any packets on the network .
Therefore , VirtualWiFi has to switch and associate to a network in order to send and receive packets on it .
Q : What all is implemented in the current version of VirtualWiFi software ?
A : The current version of the VirtualWiFi software allows a user to connect a WLAN card to multiple wireless networks .
It dynamically adapts to the switching delay incurred by a wireless card , independent of the manufacturer .
It also does not require manual intervention for assigning IP addresses on individual networks .
Furthermore , this version of VirtualWiFi also provides users with a command - line interface to dynamically add and remove connectivity to a network .
The adaptive scheduling technique described in the paper is also implemented .
Q : What all is NOT implemented in the current version of VirtualWiFi software ?
A : However , some features of VirtualWiFi have only been prototyped , and not included in this release .
In particular , the idea of using PSM and remote node buffering is not implemented .
Users will notice hooks in the driver code to provide remote node buffering , but our user - level service currently does not support it .
Similarly , although the VirtualWiFi kernel module has support for multiple WLAN cards , the VirtualWiFi service does not support it yet .
Finally , we have not yet included support for WEP and 802.1X in the current VirtualWiFi software release .
Q : Is VirtualWiFi specific to IEEE 802.11 , or can it be used with other schemes such as HomeRF , Bluetooth , etc . ?
A : We believe that the VirtualWiFi idea can be applied to any standard .
However , we have only tested our system with IEEE 802.11 cards .
Q : Can VirtualWiFi connect to two networks , such that one is IEEE 802.11a and the other is 802.11 b ?
A : Yes , if the underlying wireless card supports it .
However , switching an A , B wireless card across the modes incurs a higher switch time , and will adversely affect the performance of VirtualWiFi .
Q : What is the time taken by a card to switch to another wireless network ?
A : This number varies across cards .
It also varies across networks , and across ad hoc and infrastructure networks .
In our experience , switching delays vary from 100 ms to 600 ms across commercial cards .
Over special Native WiFi cards , this delay was a few tens of ms .
Ideally , as has been pointed out by recent research in solid state circuits , and the values that have been used in our SSCH paper , this switching delay should be of the order of 100 micro seconds .
VirtualWiFi Installation
Q : I am having problems installing VirtualWiFi .
An error report comes up when I run “ VirtualWiFi install ” .
No virtual miniport as shown in the screen snapshot comes up in the Network Connections window .
However , there is an unchecked VirtualWiFi attribute in the properties of my wireless card .
How should I fix this problem ?
OR
Q : The device name of my wireless card does not have any keywords mentioned in the prerequisites .
How do I use VirtualWiFi ?
A : Copy the VirtualWiFi source code to a local directory .
Open notifyob
otify.cpp , and in the lines 758- 771 , add for any word in your Wireless adapter , and include it in the condition .
Note that this word should not be in any other network adapter .
Recompile , and install VirtualWiFi .
Read the documentation for building the binaries from the VirtualWiFi sources , and compile the software .
You are all set !
Q : I see an extra virtual adapter for my Ethernet adapter ?
A : Verify that none of the adapters in the “ Network Connections ” window of XP have a keyword mentioned for wireless adapters .
If so , remove it as described in the previous answer .
Q : The installation just exits without any messages , but VirtualWiFi is not installed .
Why does this happen ?
A : This could happen due to three reasons .
Firstly , check to see that you have administrative privileges on your machine .
Secondly , VirtualWiFi will not be installed if your card is currently not connected to any network .
Connect your card to any desired network before installing VirtualWiFi .
The third reason is as follows .
We have noticed this sympton on some machines , which occurs when VirtualWiFi is being installed for the first time on the machine .
In such a case , you should do the following to overcome the problem .
Go to Start -> Control Panel -> Network Connections ->Wireless Connection , then right click to go to Properties -> Install -> Protocol ->
Have Disk and go to the directory where you have unzipped the binaries .
Press “ Continue ” when asked about driver signing .
Once installed , uninstall VirtualWiFi by going to Properties of the Wireless Adapter , or using “ VirtualWiFi uninstall ” .
After uninstalling VirtualWiFi , subsequent installations can be done automatically using the “ VirtualWiFi.exe install ” command described in the install section .
Q : During installation I get an error message saying “ could n’t create service .
The service has been marked for deletion ” .
How do I get over it ?
A : Do a “ VirtualWiFi uninstall ” .
Then go the Task Manager , and kill VirtualWiFiSvc.exe .
The install after this should work .
Q : Why does VirtualWiFi not work with my card ?
A : VirtualWiFi will not work over cards whose drivers do n’t forward packets that have a source address .
This functionality is required since VirtualWiFi virtual miniports already have a MAC address .
Another reason VirtualWiFi could fail is when the wireless card does not support packet filters NDIS_PACKET_TYPE_DIRECTED and NDIS_PACKET_TYPE_BROADCAST .
Q : The “ VirtualWiFi install ” command never completes .
It gets to a point , and continues to wait .
A : This happens on non-English versions of XP .
You will have to manually install VirtualWiFi as described in the answer to the next question .
Q : Is there a manual way of installing VirtualWiFi , not through VirtualWiFi.exe ?
A : Yes .
Stop Wireless Zero Config , and then go to Start -> Control Panel -> Network Connections -> Wireless Connection , then right click to go to Properties -> Install -> Protocol ->
Have Disk and then point to the directory where you unzipped the VirtualWiFi Binaries .
Click on “ Continue ” when warned about driver signing .
This will install VirtualWiFi .
Rename the added virtual miniport to “ VirtualWiFi MM SSID ” where MM is the mode , and SSID is the current network SSID .
Then install the VirtualWiFi service using : “ VirtualWiFiSvc.exe - install ” .
Finally , for VirtualWiFi to work correctly across reboots , add an entry for network name , i.e. “ VirtualWiFi MM SSID ” in C: \Windows \VirtualWiFiData.txt .
VirtualWiFi Uninstallation
Q : Why am I unable to uninstall VirtualWiFi ?
The uninstall command seems to hang .
A : This will happen if the VirtualWiFi service is not running .
To start the service , either run “ net start VirtualWiFiService ” , OR “ VirtualWiFiSvc.exe - start ” .
If VirtualWiFi Service is not installed , you could install it using “ VirtualWiFiSvc.exe - install ” .
Q : Is there a manual way to uninstall VirtualWiFi ?
A : Yes . Go to Start -> Control Panel -> Network Connections ->Wireless Connection , right click and and go to Properties .
Click on VirtualWiFi Miniport Driver , and click Uninstall .
Note that the VirtualWiFi Service should be running at this time .
Once the driver is uninstalled , you should remove the service , by executing “ net stop VirtualWiFiService ” ” , followed by “ VirtualWiFiSvc.exe - remove ” .
Q : I am unable to uninstall VirtualWiFi .
Nothing seems to work .
Is there a brute force method ?
A : Yes .
Go to the Windows registry using Start -> Run ->” regedit ” .
Note that you will be modifying the registry at your own risk .
It is always better to save a copy of the registry before modifying it .
From the registry , look for all entries having VirtualWiFi , and delete them .
This is better done in safe mode .
Also run “ VirtualWiFiSvc.exe - remove ” to remove the service .
We have provided an easier way to delete these registry entries .
Follow these steps : ( i ) Run “ VirtualWiFi uninstall ” ( ii ) Reboot your machine ( iii ) Run “ RegDelete ” .
Note you will have to delete one entry manually , which is prompted by RegDelete .
( iv ) Reboot , and you are all set !
However , please use RegDelete carefully .
Check carefully the entries that RegDelete prompts !
It should not belong to another program , and correspond to README. txt in the RegEdit directory under Sources .
Using VirtualWiFi
Q : If VirtualWiFi automatically determines the switch time of a card , why is the switch time used in VirtualWiFi.exe changeparams important ?
A : Think of this value as a timeout value for switching a card to another network .
Even if VirtualWiFi is unable to associate to another network , it still buffers packets sent on that network .
These packets will be freed , only when the switch timeout is exceeded .
In most cases , the timeout value used by default works well , and need not be changed .
Q : What is a good number for the switch time to use in VirtualWiFi.exe changeparams ?
A : This number varies across different cards , and across different implementations .
For a Lucent card , you could use numbers around 400 ms to switch to an ad hoc network , and 500 ms to switch to an IS network .
For Compaq WLAN cards , this number was worse , around 650 ms to switch to an IS network .
Overall , our suggestion is to try a safe number .
Q : How do I find out the time my card takes to switch to a network ?
A : We found this value using Airopeek , which is a wireless sniffer .
However , you do not have to use this expensive tool .
An easier way to measure this number is using the utility we provide with our distribution of VirtualWiFi , called VirtualWiFihelper.exe .
The command VirtualWiFihelper.exe - op getCardSwitchTime gives the time taken by the card to switch to a network .
Q : Why does the card seem not to connect / stay on a network ?
A : You should try increasing the switch time using “ VirtualWiFi changeparams - switch “ .
Also make sure the wireless zero config is turned off , and you are able to connect to the network .
A way to check for connectivity is by following these steps .
Firstly , turn off the VirtualWiFi service , using “ net stop VirtualWiFiService ” .
Then , turn on Wireless Zero Configuration , and try connecting to your network .
Once you are done testing , turn off Zero Configuration , and turn on the VirtualWiFi service .
Q : Why do you ask me to stop wireless zero configuration service , and other wireless adapter utilities ?
A : These utilities interact with the wireless card , and try to force connectivity to their preferred networks .
This might interfere with the correct operation of VirtualWiFi .
Q : Why did my ad hoc network get a DHCP address , and not an autoconfig address ?
A : In our current implementation of VirtualWiFi , all packets arriving at a wireless card are forwarded to the currently active virtual adapter .
As soon as you start VirtualWiFi over an ad hoc network , the virtual adapter starts a DHCP request .
In the non-VirtualWiFi scenario the card will get an autoconfig address after the DHCP request fails .
If you started another network before the DHCP request timed out , it is possible for the card to receive a DHCP reply from another network and forward it to the incorrect virtual adapter .
We suggest that the user wait for an ad hoc network to get a valid autoconfig address before it adds another network .
Q : Will VirtualWiFi work when I reboot , or unplug and replug my card ?
A : Yes .
It will automatically work after reboot .
However , after an unplug and replug , you will have to manually restart the service using : “ net stop VirtualWiFiService ” , followed by “ net start VirtualWiFiservice ” .
Q : How does removing a network work across machine reboots ?
A : On rebooting the machine , VirtualWiFi starts connecting to all networks , including the ones that were removed .
You should explicitly add the networks you had removed , and remove them again to get back to a consistent state .
Q : My VirtualWiFi adapter always shows connectivity in the Network Connections window .
Does it mean that my underlying card is able to successfully switch to that network ?
A : No. VirtualWiFi stops MEDIA_DISCONNECT
messages from going up ( read paper for details ) .
So , you will be unable to monitor the state of the network by looking at the Network Connections window .
We recommend using “ VirtualWiFihelper.exe - op getSSID ” to check if VirtualWiFi is able to connect to a network .
Q : Is there a manual way , other than using VirtualWiFi.exe , to add a network ?
A : Yes .
First stop the VirtualWiFi Service by using “ net stop VirtualWiFiService .
Then connect your wireless card to the network you want to add , and do the following : Go to Start -> Control Panel - > Network Connections -> Wireless Adapter , right click to go to Properties .
Then high “ VirtualWiFi Miniport Driver ” , and go to its properties .
Click on “ Add a Miniport ” , and press Continue if prompted for Driver Signing .
Change the name of the newly added virtual miniport in the Network Connections window and make an entry in C : \Windows \VirtualWiFiData.txt .
Then start the VirtualWiFi Service using “ net start VirtualWiFiService ” , and your network has been added .
Q : Is there a manual way , other than using VirtualWiFi.exe , to remove a network ?
A : Yes .
Stop the VirtualWiFi Service .
Go to Start -> Control Panel -> Network Connections ->VirtualWiFi adapter you want to remove .
Right click , and press Disable .
Then , start the VirtualWiFi Service .
This will remove the miniport .
VirtualWiFi Source Code
Q : Why does DDK complain about undeclared SDK_INCLUDE_PATH when building the VirtualWiFi sources ?
A : You need to define it to the path of SDK include files .
Remember to handle blank spaces correctly .
So , if on my machine SDK was installed in C : \Program Files \Win-SDK , then SDK_INCLUDE_PATH would be defined as C : \Progra~1 \Win-SDK \include .
Q : How do I debug VirtualWiFi ?
Have you provided any hooks in the software ?
A : The best way to debug VirtualWiFi is to use a Windows kernel debugger , such as Windbg .
The code has DBGPRINT statements , with different verbosity level of debug messages to be printed .
To debug the install / uninstall / addnetwork / removenetwork commands , you could use “ VirtualWiFi.exe - v ” instead of VirtualWiFi , for more debug output .
Q : Why is copyobjchkfiles .bat unable to copy files to the installfiles directory ?
A : Depending on your settings , your obj directories in DDK might have a different name , for example objchk_wxp_x86 , or something similar .
Change objchk in copyobjchkfiles .
bat to the directory in your setting .
Copying will also not work if there is no directory called “ installfiles ” .
You should create this directory first .
Finally , files with similar names in “ installfiles ” should not have read - only permissions .
This will also cause the copy to fail .
Q : Why am I unable to replace vwifi.dll after recompiling it ?
A : Uninstall VirtualWiFi , if installed .
You might have to wait for a few minutes .
Close the Network connections Window and retry .
You should be successful .
